Hey Donald Trump Jr. , the next time you tweet a wildly inaccurate anti-refugee graphic , do n't swipe the work of an actual former refugee in the process .
The son of the GOP presidential nominee lit up the internet Monday when they tweeted an image comparing Syrian refugees to poisonous Skittles .
This image says it all . Let 's end the politically correct agenda that does n't put America first . # trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN — Donald Trump Jr. ( @ DonaldJTrumpJr ) September 19 , 2016
“ If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you , ” the image read . “ Would you take a handful ? That 's our Syrian refugee problem. ” The graphic included the Trump-Pence insignia and the phrase “ Make America Great Again ! ”
It also included a photograph of a bowl of Skittles . In a wildly ironic twist , photographer David Kittos — who told BuzzFeed their photo was used without permission — was a refugee themselves as a young child .
“ I am now a British citizen but I am Greek-Cypriot by birth and in 1974 I was a refugee because of the Turkish occupation , ” Kittos told the BBC .
Kittos , who was 6 years old when they went to the U.K. , also told the BBC that they do n't “ support Trump 's politics and I would never take their money to use it . ”
Though Trump Jr. has n't clarified how the image got to him , Kittos posted the photo on their Flickr account in 2010 . They labeled the photo “ all rights reserved , ” indicating that they did not grant permission for others to use the photo without their consent .
It 's official . Detroit wowed ESPN enough to be named a finalist in the sports network 's quest to choose a host city for the Summer X Games beginning in 2014 .
On Tuesday , ESPN announced the competing cities had been narrowed down to Detroit , Chicago , Austin , Texas and Charlotte , N.C. Organizers Kevin Krease and Garret Koehler , with the support of city administration , business leaders and other stakeholders , submitted their official bid for the project in early April .
`` Detroit has been the most vociferous in its desire to host the games , at least on social media , '' ESPN said in the release that name-checked Krease and Koehler , as well as Quicken Loans founder and Detroit developer Dan Gilbert .
Krease , founder and director Action Sports Detroit , the committee responsible for the bid had their own explanation of the city 's merits :
“ Detroit is a front-runner in this race because it has a strong local community of support , an overflow of opportunity , and an energetic movement of young citizens striving to bring the event here , '' they said in a statement .
If the city is eventually chosen , the extreme sports competition would take place for three consecutive summers . Events like skateboarding , car racing , motocross and BMX would take place primarily downtown . Possible venues include Hart Plaza , Joe Louis Arena , Roosevelt Park , Ford Field , Belle Isle and the riverfront , where a new permanent skate park could be built .
Krease began angling for the X Games to come to Detroit since late last year , and in a few short months a cool idea turned serious . They quit their job to work on the bid full time , and Koehler moved from Chicago ( one of the competing cities ) to help .
They spent early 2013 consulting with venues , wooing big names like Dan Gilbert and determining prices of everything from winners ' medals to forklifts . They 've secured corporate donations for the event , as the host city is expected to cover a portion of the total . An early estimate for Detroit 's buy-in was $ 7 million , around a third of the total costs in LA . But according to Crain 's Detroit Business , their estimate for the total cost in Detroit is now closer to $ 9 million , significantly lower than LA 's $ 20 million , and Detroit 's responsibility would also be much lower .
Beyond the spreadsheet of figures and myriad requirements from ESPN , they sent the network an extra credit video , one they hoped might persuade the network what a stunning backdrop the city could be for the games . Detroit creative advertising agency The Work Inc. made the trailer .
ESPN said earlier they would make their final decision by August . Organizers are n't likely to be sitting around waiting , however .
“ The final months of the bid process are focused on building out a more detailed plan for the three-day event , growing community and awareness and excitement through local events , and exposing ESPN to our movement and vision by hosting them for an official site visit , Krease said .
They just premiered the X Games trailer at a buzzy Eastern Market party , and said earlier they would work with others in the city to plan programming to complement the games , including a possible music and film festival .
The Toronto Raptors ' 21-man roster for their free agent mini-camp this week has a very Canadian feel .
The list of players features five Canadians including 7-foot-2 centre Jordan Bachynski , forwards Khem Birch , Olu Ashaolu and CIS star forward Thomas Scrubb and guard Phil Scrubb .
The Scrubb brothers , who grew up in Richmond , B.C. , excelled for the CIS-powerhouse Carleton Ravens , who won the 2015 men 's basketball Final 8 in dominant fashion .
Philip , a three-time CIS MVP , averaged 16.6 points per game on 48.3 percent shooting , while Thomas scored 17.2 points per game on 55.7 percent shooting . They are among the most accomplished players in Canadian college basketball history .
Bachynski , 25 , played four years with the Arizona State Sun Devils , but spent the 2014-15 season in Turkey after they went undrafted in the 2014 NBA Draft .
Other notable names on the list include Toronto 's 2014 second-round draft pick DeAndre Daniels , former college star and top-five NBA pick Tyrus Thomas , Ohio State 's Aaron Craft and LaQuinton Ross . Daniels took part in NBA Summer League last season with the Raptors before spending the 2015 campaign with the NBL 's Perth Wildcats in Australia .
Thomas , 28 , played nine NBA seasons with Chicago , Charlotte and Memphis , averaging 7.7 points per game and 4.8 rebounds per game , after the LSU product was selected fourth overall pick at the 2006 NBA Draft .
The camp will take place at the Raptors ' practice court at Air Canada Centre from June 11-12 .
You can find the entire roster here .
Until last February , Janine Holsinger had never typed a single line of code . But the Columbus , Ohio , entrepreneur was n't going to let that get in the way of their dreams . They signed up for a service called Treehouse , paid the monthly fee of $ 25 , and devoted 8-10 hours a day to learning Ruby on Rails .
“ Within a few days , I was building my own Rails application , ” they said . “ Within 30 days , I 'd launched my company website , NextChapter . ”
Holsinger 's experience shows just how empowering and lucrative learning to code can be . But some startups are learning there 's even more to be made in teaching the skill to others .
Code Breaking Records
Within the last two years , more and more companies have saturated the market with the express purpose of teaching everyone and anyone our generation 's hottest new job skill : programming . Now it 's become a fundraising race to the top of the pile .
This April , learn-to-code startup Treehouse announced that it raised a “ war chest ” of new funding . In a Series B round led by Kaplan Ventures , the Portland , Ore. , company added another $ 7 million , for a total of $ 12.35 million .
For CEO and founder Ryan Carson , the money could n't have come at a better time . Competition between learn-to-code startups is rising , and Carson plans to press their advantage by adding more employees to Treehouse 's current 55 workers .
One of Treehouse 's biggest competitors is the omnipresent Codecademy . Founded by 22-year-old Zach Sims , Codecademy has been heralded as the leader of a “ movement ” in code education . The startup 's most recent Series B funding round , in July 2012 , brought the company $ 10 million . With just nine employees , Codeacademy is just a fraction the size of Treehouse size , but it boasts “ millions ” of students , including the mayor of New York City .
The newest startup on the playing field is Tynker , launched just last week with $ 3 million in seed funding . Like many programming apps aimed at young children , Tynker uses a visual programming language designed to get kids comfortable with coding . Even though Tynker does n't have a product yet , angel investors like 500 Startups are already comfortable funding it into the millions .
It 's Not Just Venture Money , Either
Even learn-to-code startups who are n't looking for venture capital are finding that money is easy to come by . When Code School wanted to crowdfund an iPhone app development course , it turned to Kickstarter and earned triple its $ 50,000 goal . Meanwhile Girls Who Code , a nonprofit that targets the gender gap in the tech industry , received a quarter-of-a-million Knight Foundation grant last year .
The startups named above are all less than two years old , but the market 's education giants already know that programming tutorials are a goldmine . Udemy raised $ 12 million in a December funding round , and tech education oldtimer Lynda raised $ 103 million this January .
It 's hard to say how long the money will keep flying at this rate . But it 's clear the race to dominate coding education is on — and still wide open .
A heated , jaw-dropping interview prompted Piers Morgan to declare their “ hate ” for those who identify as gender fluid .
The controversial journalist and TV host 's meltdown began on July 10 , when they interviewed Kori Doty , who identifies as non-binary transgender and prefers the pronouns “ they ” and “ their , ” on “ Good Morning Britain. ” Doty made headlines earlier this month when their child , Searyl , reportedly became the world 's first to not be assigned a gender at birth . The child , who is eight months old , has also been issued a health card with a “ U ” ― which is believed to stand for “ undetermined ” or “ unassigned ” ― rather than “ male ” or “ female . ”
In the interview , which can be viewed above , Morgan asked Doty if they were “ born male or female ” while repeatedly pressing them on if they 'd “ had the operation to change sex , as we would define it . ”
Doty , who hails from Canada , clapped back , “ If that 's the direction that the conversation is going to go , we can ask you ... if one of your testicles hangs lower , or how you feel about circumcision. ” They then clarified , “ What someone 's genitals look like when they are born does not actually give us accurate information about their gender . ”
The interview continued to go south before it awkwardly concluded . But Morgan , 52 , did n't stop there . On Saturday , they recalled their conversation with Doty while blasting the gender fluid movement at large in a Daily Mail column .
“ My number one pet hate at the moment is the absurd ‘ gender fluid ' movement , driven by people who do n't wish to be defined as either male or female , ” they wrote . They then misgendered Doty , referring to them as “ he/she ” and “ his/her ” in place of the preferred pronouns .
“ As we dived into the technical weeds of the debate , Mr/Mrs Doty declared : ‘ What someone 's genitals look like when they are born does not actually give us information about their gender , ' ” they recalled , before adding sarcastically , “ Of course not , why would any of us think otherwise ? ”
On Monday , they doubled down on their stance on Twitter .
I do n't hate the people , I hate the movement . Human beings are male or female . Not whatever they fancy being . https : //t.co/j0fcG3Q75c — Piers Morgan ( @ piersmorgan ) July 24 , 2017
I fully support transgender rights .
I do n't support 'gender-fluid ' bulls * * t. https : //t.co/9cZuo6IhKZ — Piers Morgan ( @ piersmorgan ) July 24 , 2017
When it comes to cringe-worthy statements about gender , Morgan is a repeat offender . In May , they slammed MTV for awarding Emma Watson its first gender-neutral Best Actor award .
“ Women will now win a lot less awards because they 've made them gender neutral , ” they said . “ We ca n't be ‘ men ' anymore , we have to be called persons and everything becomes gender neutral . ”
Solo Top Stories # 2 - Fizz , the Tidal Trickster
Welcome back for another edition of Solo Top Stories . As always , we 're here to tell the tales of champions not often seen in the top lane and how you can play them there for maximum effect . Last time we talked about Trundle - a standard tanky counterpick against a strong AD champion . Today we 're going to go over Fizz , and how their strange combination of sustain-poke and assassin-burst will win your lane against bullies twice your size !
Feeding Time !
Fizz is built to annoy their opponents . They dash around , jumps up and down , and throws anchovies onto the faces of your enemies . When built AP , they are capable of a great amount of burst damage . When taken top lane , you actually are n't going to be building a lot of AP . Which would be bad , except for the first statement of this paragraph . I 'm going to repeat it , in bold for you : Fizz is built to annoy their opponents .
Fizz has a deceptive skillset . Their kit focuses on shocking them with a big splash , and then confounding them with your uncanny abilities of escape . However , their skills are deceptive for another reason ; while they all have an AP ratio , some of them allow for interesting builds that do not rely solely on AP . I play Solo Top Fizz almost the exact same way I would play a Jungle Fizz , only with more focus on survivability . That 's right , a Solo Top Fizz is going to be doing most of their damage the good old fashioned way : in your face .
Fish , fish , fish .
Before going over the benefits of Fizz 's kit for this role , I wanted to cover the build I used for my Top Lane Trickster . There are two main paths you can take , mostly depending on the sort of champion you 're facing . With either path , the end goals are the same : you want some defense , a decent amount of attack speed , and a truckload of on-hit effects . While every matchup is different , I usually run a hybrid mastery setup taking up to Weapon Expertise and Arcane Knowledge in the Offense Tree and Initiator maxed out in the Defense Tree . I feel that Fizz is very strong when it comes to harassing the enemy , and you need to be able to do that without taking too much damage on your own .
Against a typical AD/Bruiser toplane you 're going to want to start Cloth Armor and 5 Health Potions . You 'll build the cloth armor into a Madred 's Razors before picking up boots . After boots I 'll build a Philosopher 's Stone for sustain , and start working on my core of Lich Bane , Madred 's Bloodrazor , and Malady . I often take CDR boots in this build , as being able to spam your skills is important to proc LB and keep Malady stacks up while sticking to your target . Turning the Philosopher 's Stone into a Shurelya 's Reverie later on helps with CDR and making sure you can land that killing blow on the enemy . The sixth item is the most dependant on team composition and your current place in the game . If you 're doing well , shooting for a Deathcap or a Rylai 's is n't out of the question , or if you 're looking to laugh your rear end off , pick up a Tiamat or Ionic Spark .
Going up against an AP oriented toplane , such as Vladimir , Gragas , Kennen , or Warwick , you 're going to want to build a little bit differently . Still keeping in mind that your job as Fizz is to frustrate your opponent , we 'll start the match with Boots and 3 Health Potions . Most AP toplaners offer either an amazing amount of sustain in lane , or a very strong poking presence . Fizz can counter either of these things , with the proper build and well-timed skill use .
Start out building a Catalyst - as you 're not picking up any proper lifesteal with this build , the sustain is very important . Build a Malady and then finish your Banshee 's Veil . At this point , between your Playful/Trickster and your Veil , you have enough gristle to get in there and fight . Make sure to apply your W right before your initiation , and you should n't have any problem getting up in their faces . Round out your build with some damage by way of Lich Bane , your Magic Penetration Boots , and try out a Hextech Gunblade - a slow is just as good as a speed boost when it comes to chasing people down as Fizz , and a little dueling power never hurt anyone .
Wan na See a Trick ? !
Why do I build an attack speed , borderline Magic Resist Bruiser with crappy hybrid items and Lich Bane ? Short answer , because I do n't really have a longer one : it works . Playing Fizz mid is all about biding your time until you can land an ultimate , and then unloading all of your bursty AP goodness with the leap of your sharp-toothed friend . Top lane , variety is the spice of life , especially considering that sticking to that AP Burst routine will get you killed . Fizz 's passive , Nimble Fighter , and the passive ability on their Seastone Trident both allow them to toplane as a psuedo-bruiser .
Fizz is able to move right through minions , walking right up to the opponent and smacking them a few times just because . Then , when that opponent attempts to retaliate , Fizz is going to take less damage through it while STILL DEALING DAMAGE as they walk away . The additional magic damage that auto-attacks deal thanks to Seastone Trident ticks away for three seconds after you stop attacking . Or , as you 're attacking , if that 's your thing .
We build Fizz with on-hit items because you 're going to be hitting people a lot . Also , because Urchin Strike applies on-hit effects as well . It 's an initiation that both closes the gap between you and your opponent AND starts your offense out with a bang . If you have a Malady , a Wit 's End , a Rageblade , or an Ionic Spark , the attack stack/attack timer starts going with your Urchin Strike . If you have a Lich Bane , you trigger it with your Urchin Strike .
If you have a Phage , Frozen Mallet , or Rylai 's Crystal Scepter ... you get the idea at this point . You want to hit often because of your built-in on-hit damage in Seastone Trident , and you want to hit often because of your on-hit effects from your items , and by using your built-in dash effectively , you can .
Lots of champions hit people a bunch . In fact , nine out of ten champions agree : hitting people a bunch is how you win matches in Summoner 's Rift . What then is it that makes Fizz annoy their opponents so much ?
Imagine , if you will , a Vladimir with a Sanguine Pool that does n't cost a stupid amount of health and come with a long-as-wraith-camp-respawn cooldown . Imagine that this pool can go through terrain , even made terrain like Anivia 's Wall , or Jarvan 's Cataclysm . Imagine that the slow was better , and imagine that it scaled off of AP . Well , that wall of text was pointless , because you know I 'm talking about Playful/Trickster , and you know that it is amazing .
Need to catch up with a dude so you can land that Q and stick on them as if you and they were parts of a random , silly simile ? E/E . Need to run away because you accidentally facechecked that brush where 3 of the 5 enemies were hiding and there just so happens to be a wall right next to you ? E/E . Karthus ult ? E/E . Tower dive ? E/E . Again , you get it .
Playful/Trickster does n't just cover your butt when you make a bad play - you can reward yourself with some amazing plays by taking advantage of the mobility offered by just this one skill . Q through a wall to snag that kill , and E right back over it . E to dodge an incoming spell effect at low health , E again to put yourself close to the champion who cast it , and then Q through them and run right the hell away . The amount of options it gives you against jungle ganks and tower dives in top lane are too numerous for this article , but believe me when I tell you that there are MANY . Check out youtube , if you do n't believe me . There are some mad bros out there .
Chum the Waters is not a skill that you 'll be counting on to win your lane as a Top Lane Fizz , but it does have its uses . Use it to secure a kill during jungle ganks . Throw it in the face of that Kennen as they dash towards you and put a wrench in their combo plans . Throw it short and use it to zone the enemy - it 's not so much the damage that you 're looking for in top lane , but the slow and the knockup . Being incapacitated against a Fizz with ignite up is asking for trouble , and you have trouble by the sharkload . Later on in the game , use your ult to initiate your own ganks - just make sure you can land it .
they Verdict : Fizz is fairly squishy for a solo top champion . Like Akali , he 's capable of putting out a lot of burst damage if you build them strictly AP , but if you build them strictly AP they should be in the middle lane . I 'm not sure how I feel on Rod of Ages for Solo Top Fizz , but I could see the benefits if you were able to farm it fast enough .
Occasionally I will take surge , for pushing towers down and grabbing that extra bit of oomf during laning-phase standoffs . Usually blowing surge post-six will net a kill , as the attack speed and the damage from Seastone Trident are just enough to make your shark finish off the running foe . There are some straight bruiser jungle builds that work top lane , I just do n't like building a Lantern on them because you do n't get as much out of it as an AD champion would mid-game .
Epilogue
Fizz is not going to do well in every match up . True Damage , such as Olaf , Cho'gath , or Darius will upset them greatly . Fizz is a lot of fun to play in any setting - although taking them auto-attacking through top-lane or jungle provides buckets more options than going pure AP with him . Still , there 's something very satisfying about throwing out your ultimate with 500 AP and knowing that there wo n't be anything left of that poor , delicious Teemo ...
Solo Top Stories is a weekly look at unlikely Solo Top Champions and how they fit into the current meta . Next week , we 'll be covering AP Master Yi , the Jedi Bladesman . If you 've got opinions on Solo Top Stories , past , present , or future , send us an email at [ email protected ] , or let me know what you think via Twitter : @ ianxplosion . See you next week , for another Solo Top Story .
WHAT YOU 'LL WIN
$ 500 towards the getaway of your choice
Created by a globetrotting mom , Kid & Coe boasts a carefully curated selection of upscale , kid-friendly accommodations . Browse breathtaking homes by destination , amenity or travel dates . From a historic chateau in the Swiss Alps to a sleek apartment in Amsterdam to a cottage in Cape Cod , there 's something for every family — and all properties come equipped with the essentials , like a crib , high chair , and toys .
Find out more about Kid & Coe .
BabyBjorn Carrier One , Travel Crib Light , and Diaper Bag Sofo
The BabyBjorn Carrier One has 4 different ways to carry , front or back . It has an ergonomic design ( very important for mamas with sore backs ) and has a leg position for safe and healthy carrying . The Diaper Bag Sofo is a brand-new and stylish bag that you can use past the baby days ! It features multiple inside and outside pockets , a soft changing pad , and variety of different ways to carry ( tote , messenger or backpack ) . Finally , the Travel Crib Light is something we 've raved about for awhile now . It is ultra-light , ultra-easy , and ultra-comfy , with removable and washable crib materials !
Find out more about BabyBjorn .
Birdling Bags Weekender and Overnighter travel bags
From bottles to blankies , onesies to little socks and shoes , packing your tot 's suitcase is practically an art form . The Birdling Weekender and Overnighter bags are sturdy and spacious , featuring interior dividers that make it easy to organize everything for baby . All those tiny outfits and on-the-go gear will finally stay put ! They are American-made and handcrafted , and are versatile , classic , and cool . So , you 'll definitely put it to good use for those parents-only getaways , too . ( Just make sure you leave the pacifiers at home . )
Find out more about Birdling Bags .
$ 500 gift card for dining out in style
We know that finding a restaurant that serves quality food and welcomes your little ones is hard to find . Combine that with being from out of town and it can get hectic ! Enter Family Vacation Critic . This awesome website will help you find all those great places that you crave , without spending hours combing blogs . From hotels , to restaurants , to attractions , you might want to stop and take a peek here before you leave .
Find out more about Family Vacation Critic .
Kid 's Entertainment Package and a new Peg Perego car seat from Diapers.com !
Getting to your destination is half the battle , so we 've included a wonderfully diverse entertainment package from Diapers.com to keep the kiddos busy . Including toys and games from Skiphop , Melissa & Doug , & Ohio Art , you wo n't be hearing “ Are we there yet ? ” for quite some time !
Plus , a new , luxurious car seat from Peg Perego ! Made in Italy with a modern look and innovative safety features , there is no doubt your littlest one will be traveling in style and comfort .
Find out more about Diapers.com .
Boppy Chair and Travel Pillow
One of the most trusted names out there for nursing pillows , Boppy has taken its award-winning Feeding and Infant Support Pillow on the go ! The Boppy travel pillow zips open and closed in a snap so you can feed your little one anywhere . It also has a shoulder strap that when zip closed , you can can carry with you . The Boppy baby chair is a favorite among weeSpring moms who have those tots with adorable chubby thighs as they can fit through the leg openings easily . It also folds down and wipes clean easily !
Find out more about Boppy .
Baby Jogger Vue Stroller and City Go car seat
Sometimes your baby wants to see the world and sometimes they want to see the person who is their world . With the Baby Jogger Vue Stroller , they can do both ! Features a forward and reverse facing seat , an easy-fold system , and a UV 50+ multi-position canopy . And to go with , a fully-compatible City GO car seat ! This thoughtful design allows for a ClickSafe base in your car , pops easily into the Vue stroller , and also allows you to safely strap it into a taxi with the TaxiSafe belt path . Together , this will be one of the most useful and easiest pieces of baby travel gear you 'll own !
Find out more about Baby Jogger .
$ 300 minted gift card for custom photo art
Do n't want the vacation to end ? It does n't have to ! With minted , you can turn all those great vacation photos into a treasured keepsake – and make the memories come alive all over again .
Find out more about minted .
Our travel giveaway is $ 3,000 worth of baby-friendly travel gear , lodging , and meals to make your family vacation a dream . Enter below and good luck !
You Deserve A Break Travel Giveaway
Prize value is $ 3,141.84 . For more information , please see our terms and conditions .
Patrick Rothfuss looks at a goat and asks , `` What if ? ''
What if it was n't just a barnyard animal . What if , rather , it was a small business ? One that could give birth to baby small businesses ?
Since the release of their bestseller `` The Name of the Wind '' in 2007 , and bolstered by its sequel `` The Wise Man 's Fear '' in 2011 , Rothfuss has become one of the best-loved authors in fantasy fiction . And over the past five years he 's channeled that popularity into a single-minded effort to help raise money for Heifer International . Their annual Worldbuilders online fundraiser brought in nearly $ 450,000 this year , and earlier this month Rothfuss and their team made their first visit to the Heifer headquarters to meet with the nonprofit 's development team , have a chat with some of their fans , and hang out with some donors at Heifer 's Perry County ranch .
`` I 've milked a goat before , '' said Rothfuss of one item on the agenda , `` but it 's been awhile . ''
Several things brought Heifer to the attention of Rothfuss almost a decade ago . One was the book `` Beatrice 's Goat '' — which either they gave to their mother or they gave to him , they said , admitting that he 's not sure anymore which way that transaction went . Another was the video for Sarah McLachlan 's song `` World On Fire , '' where the singer took a zero-frills approach and donated the $ 150,000 budget to a number of charities , including Heifer .
`` I think that might have been the first time I wandered around on Heifer 's website , '' said Rothfuss . `` It could even be that I knew about it beforehand , but sometimes you need to be jolted by something for it to become present in your awareness . But once I found out about it , it had everything that you want in a charity .
`` If you look at what Heifer does , '' they said , `` you ca n't help but see that it 's educational , sustainable , good for the environment , good for society , it 's long lasting , it 's impervious to recession — it 's everything good works should be . ''
And it addresses the `` what if ? '' question , which Rothfuss said comes naturally to them and their fans .
`` Fiction asks 'what if ? ' and no fiction has a broader scope of 'what if ? ' than fantastic fiction , '' they told a crowd of about 300 people at Heifer Village last Thursday . `` The question of 'what if ? ' draws me to Heifer , as well . What if we did something cool , what if we gave somebody , instead of a handout , a hand up ? ''
Still , their Worldbuilders came about by happenstance . In 2008 , Rothfuss found out just how popular their blog had become when they offered a photo contest for their readers and , instead of the few dozen entries they expected , hundreds of people from around the world sent in photos .
`` I 'm like , 'Wow , a lot of people want to play with me on my blog . How can I use this in a way that 's not just me stroking my own ego ? ' `` they said . `` I just went on the blog and said , 'Heifer International is my favorite charity and here 's why , and for the next month if you donate a dollar , I 'll donate a dollar . ' The gimmick was if you donated , for every $ 10 you kick in you had a chance to get some stuff — I was going to sign some books or whatever . ''
Their initial goal was $ 5,000 and they hit that in a few days . So they bumped it up to $ 10,000 . Then other authors caught wind and started offering signed editions of their works as prizes , and mentioning it on their own blogs . The donations kept piling up . Then , just a few days before it ended , Rothfuss got a plug on the blog of Neil Gaiman , who offered up a signed , limited edition , author 's review copy of their book `` Stardust . ''
If that last sentence did n't at least make your eyebrows arch , you 're probably not part of Rothfuss 's target demographic . But take it from a lifelong geek boy — that 's huge , as in Madonna-sang-at-my-gay-neighbor's-wedding huge .
At the end of the month , Rothfuss was on the hook for more than fifty grand .
`` And it was all the money I had , '' they said . `` Which is n't a big deal because I 'd been poor for my whole life , but I 'd never been poor for any good reason and this was a great reason . ''
And they quickly had Heifer 's attention , as well , and began working directly with the agency , which helped fuel more growth . Now dozens of name authors of sci-fi and fantasy ( and many of their publishing houses ) support Worldbuilders , flooding its Wisconsin office with swag for the speculative fiction set . So much , in fact , that Rothfuss had to incorporate it as a nonprofit and bring in help so they could get back to their writing .
`` It was perilously close to becoming my job , which is why I brought in these people , '' Rothfuss said . `` It ca n't be my job ; my job has to be writing books . And for four months a year , it consumed my life . ''
Today Worldbuilders has a staff of six handling the heavy lifting : Gathering autographed books and other merch , coordinating with an impressive array of authors , artists , publishers and others in the speculative fiction field , coordinating with Heifer to keep track of donations , running the lottery and auction and online store , and making sure everybody gets their loot .
The Worldbuilders team joined Rothfuss on this trip to Heifer International , which they said has helped them better appreciate just what kind of real-world good their fiction-driven effort is accomplishing .
`` There 's really crappy things happening in the world all the time , and it 's nice to see that people really do want to do good , '' they said . `` This is tangible proof that people are good . ''
All told , over the years Worldbuilders has raised $ 1.95 million for Heifer and has helped about 5,000 families around the world , said Vicki Clarke , the nonprofit 's director of philanthropy . Clarke described Heifer 's response to hearing about the Worldbuilders effort as `` delighted , but curious '' at how much sway Rothfuss might have with their fan base . Five years on , the answer is : Lots .
`` His online auctions , efforts and contest have all been warmly met and every goal has been met or exceeded , '' they said . `` The fact that they have in previous years personally matched contributions is , well , humbling . Patrick is a man who puts their personal principles and passion behind their very persuasive efforts . ''
Though they keep their hand in as president of Worldbuilders , Rothfuss is now focusing most of their effort on the third novel in their Kingkiller Chronicle trilogy — as yet unnamed and with no publication date set , they told their fans , `` but I 've got to get this right . ''
By the way , even if you missed the most recent Worldbuilders fundraiser , you still have a shot at that autographed Gaiman ARC — each year so far , the person who won it has turned around and donated it back for use in the auction or lottery the next year . This year 's winner simply asked to meet Rothfuss somewhere so they could see the book and hold it , something they are happily arranging .
Motorist , 21 , Arrested After Cops Find Their Marijuana Stash Inside Sour Cream Container Labeled `` Not Weed '' Share
Tweet
A 21-year-old Nebraska motorist was arrested Saturday night after a cop discovered their marijuana stash inside a plastic container labeled “ Not Weed , ” police report .
Jordan Meier was traveling with three passengers around 9 PM when a Lancaster County Sheriff 's Office deputy pulled over their 2002 Chevrolet Monte Carlo on a Lincoln street for a traffic violation , according to a police report .
Meier was subsequently “ placed into custody for DUI , ” investigators noted .
During a post-arrest inventory search of Meier 's vehicle , cops located a 16-ounce plastic container ( which once held Land O'Lakes sour cream ) under the front passenger seat .
Meier claimed ownership of the container , which -- as seen in the above evidence photo -- had the words “ Not Weed ” written in marker on its lid .
But when deputies opened the container , they found more than 11 grams of marijuana inside . As a result , Meier ( seen at left ) was also cited for pot possession .
In an interview , Meier told TSG that they were online at a drive-thru Saturday afternoon when they removed a Sharpie marker from their pocket and wrote on the plastic container . Asked why , they replied , “ I do n't know…I thought I was being funny . Inside joke with myself , I suppose. ” They added , “ Never thinking it would be confiscated . ”
According to Meier 's Facebook page , they have attended the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and works at a Jimmy John 's sandwich shop .
The Cream of the Crop
There are a handful of prospects who stand out from the pack in what is widely regarded as a very deep and talented draft class ( click the name for a profile on each prospect ) :
Nathan MacKinnon : considered a can't-miss # 1 center , he 'll be gone long before # 4 .
Jonathan Drouin : an offensive dynamo who will also go very , very early .
Seth Jones : the studliest of studly defensemen .
Aleksander Barkov : sired by Russians , raised in Finland , already a top scorer in the SM-Liiga .
Elias Lindholm : a sweet Swede who projects as a top-line center .
Valeri Nichushkin : super-sexy potential , but there are doubts about their commitment to the NHL .
The Preds Wo n't Really Draft a Defenseman at # 4 , Will They ?
The great fear of many Predators fans is that David Poile & crew will squander the chance to pick the kind of franchise forward Nashville has traditionally lacked , and instead select a player in Seth Jones who fits the one area on the depth chart that actually is in great shape , the right side of the defense .
The thing is , Poile has been unusually frank in stating that Jones is the top player available , and if they fell to the # 4 spot , they would take the blueliner `` 110 % '' . Colorado is publicly leaning towards McKinnon for the first overall pick , and Tampa Bay just bought out their longtime captain Vincent Lecavalier , leading to speculation that they 'll take a center like Barkov at # 3 . Florida , with the second pick , already has Erik Gudbranson on the right side , the 3rd overall pick from 2010 - might that motivate them to select Drouin ?
While it 's not at all a certainty , there is indeed a chance that Jones drops to # 4 . So what happens then ?
Option # 1 , Trade Down : You can bet that some teams would make serious offers to entice Nashville to give up the chance for Jones in exchange for moving down in the first round . Calgary , for example , was reported to have offered their three first round picks ( # 6 , # 22 and # 28 ) to Colorado for the # 1 overall , presumably in order to acquire the big blueliner . If the Predators could move down to # 6 , they could still get a top-notch forward along with some additional value as well .
Option # 2 , Draft Jones & Make a Trade : If Jones is available and the Predators picked him , you could have a logjam on the right side of the defense . One possibility would be to trade someone like Kevin Klein or Ryan Ellis to open up a spot for Jones , while obtaining assets ( players , picks , prospects ) to shore up other areas . One downside to this scenario is that the Preds would rely upon Jones being able to handle NHL play right away .
Option # 3 , Draft Jones & Stand Pat : This one would drive many fans nuts , but it would allow the Predators to have Jones start the season with Milwaukee and assess their readiness for the NHL before making further moves . On the downside , there 's probably no better time of year to make trades than during the Draft weekend , so by the time the Predators were ready to make changes , it could be more difficult to find a trading partner to work with .
Most Likely Predators Picks
If I had to guess , I 'd say the Predators take either Barkov or Lindholm at # 4 , either one of which would help address the biggest hole in the organization , a long-term center for either of the top two lines . Mike Fisher & David Legwand are passable options in those roles , but in 2-4 years ? Probably not so much . Nichushkin may set the fanboys on fire with their highlight-reel potential , but
Nashville Draft Picks By Round
1st Round - 4th
3rd Round - 64th ( from the Anders Lindback trade )
4th Round - 95th ( via Toronto from the Matthew Lombardi/Cody Franson trade )
4th Round - 99th ( from Buffalo as part of the Paul Gaustad trade )
4th Round - 112th
5th Round - 125th ( via trade from the Rangers )
5th Round - 140th
6th Round - 155th
6th Round - 171st ( from San Jose in exchange for Scott Hannan )
7th Round - 185th
Nashville 's original 2nd & 3rd round picks were traded away ( that second was part of the Andrei Kostitsyn trade ) . In these later rounds , do n't be surprised at all to see the Predators stock up on defensemen . The prospect pipeline has been mined quite a bit in recent years , and it 's time to restock the cupboard .
Stay tuned on Draft Day , as it all starts Sunday at 2:00 p.m. Central on NBC Sports . We 'll provide updates on each Predators pick , as well as other major news items as they develop ...
I am not breaking any creative ground here when I suggest that this administration makes the Nixon White House seem forthcoming .
After all , President Richard Nixon 's secretary , Rose Mary Woods , only erased 18-1/2 minutes of apparently damning tape recordings , that we know of , during the Watergate frenzy .
The Bush people have made the destruction of evidence part of their routine .
They have no qualms whatsoever about looking the other way as the CIA incinerates the videos showing U.S. interrogators torturing their prisoners . Those administration attorneys who cautioned it might not be a good idea were only too happy to pull their Pontius Pilate and wash their hands of the whole matter .
What sets me off on this today is the disclosure that the White House may have simply '' lost '' forever 473 days of e-mail in a blatant violation of the law requiring their preservation .
Worse , officials in the administration tried to conceal their erasures from the public , even after they briefed members of Congress on a study which identified the missing communications .
Only after a Bush press spokesperson brazenly insisted there was `` no evidence '' the 473 day gap existed , did Congressman Henry Waxman , the Bush gang 's worst nightmare , release the study .
What 's remarkable about all this ? Sad to say , not a damned thing . Same doo-doo , different day-day .
This administration , time and again , has tried to hide its misdeeds . The motto seems to be not that the public has a right to know how its government operates , but that it 's none of the public 's damned business .
Any disclosures about their excesses in the war on terror damage national security . Efforts to reveal their shady deals with lobbyists and other fat cats are just the work of people who do n't believe in capitalism .
In that environment , destroying evidence is perfectly OK . Anyone who challenges their version of `` the dog ate my homework '' is obviously anti-dog .
Well , I love my dog . And I 'd also love to have the kind of open government that is supposed to set us apart as a nation of laws .
It 's obvious that our country is in a heap of trouble . We need to know what mistakes were made so we can correct them .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is deploying nuclear-armed submarines `` dangerously close '' to the United States and European allies , a Senate Democrat said following a trip to the Arctic Circle .
`` No one is suggesting that Putin is contemplating a nuclear launch against a NATO country , but it 's not clear how tethered to reality Putin is , '' Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy told reporters Monday . `` And it should make us nervous that many of their submarines are starting to get dangerously close to the U.S. and our allies . ''
Murphy made the comments while arguing that the U.S. Navy needs to pursue an aggressive plan to replace aging submarines , which can thwart rival countries from gathering intelligence and maintain the security of global shipping lanes .
In recent years , Putin 's navy has pursued a more aggressive strategy than even during the Cold War , Murphy said . `` Russian submarines have been pushing out to the very precipice of NATO-ally waters , '' they said . `` We have seen Russian boats coming closer to the U.S. and to our European partner ports than ever before , in immensely provocative ways — in ways that were rare even during the days of the Cold War . ''
Pentagon officials plan to scale back production of modern attack submarines if the Navy ca n't get funding to replace Ohio-class ballistic missile submarines . `` You 're going have to look at this program with a national lens because if you drop this into the middle of a Navy shipbuilding budget it will just gut Navy shipbuilding for decades to come , '' Navy Secretary Ray Mabus told a House panel last week .
Murphy wants the Navy to build those Ohio-class replacements without cutting production of Virginia-class attack submarines . `` We 've got to find a way to do both , '' they said . `` If you look at the pace of Russian and Chinese building programs , we ca n't afford to drop Virginia-class production back to one for more than a year . ''
Ford 's next generation of clever turbocharging technology will raise the hot hatchback 's output to new heights , while dropping a quarter of its cubic capacity
Share Tweet Email Whatsapp
Image via Autocar
The 2018 Ford Focus ST is set to have up to 275bhp from a turbocharged 1.5-litre four-cylinder engine , according to a report from Autocar , who have also granted us permission to use their renders . That means the Focus , which will have Ford 's next generation of high-tech turbocharging , will extract as much as 183bhp per litre from the dinky little four-cylinder unit . To put that into perspective , the 2.3-litre Focus RS has 150bhp per litre and the current Focus ST makes do with 125bhp per litre . Impressive stuff .
Image via Autocar
With the 1.5-litre three-cylinder Fiesta ST due to make 131bhp per litre , it 's believed that an extra cylinder will help Ford extract more from the same cubic capacity , possibly along with higher revs . As it happens , the scaleable architecture Ford is using means that the Fiesta and Focus technically use the same chassis , too – just in different sizes . Elsewhere in its report , Autocar says that interior quality is slated for big improvements , while the wheelbase grows 50mm and overall length increases to over 4.4 metres . You 'll get more luggage and passenger space from it , says Ford .
This is the current ST 's last full year on sale
This week we saw the availability to purchase and pre-order two new Nokia Lumia devices , the 925 on T-Mobile and the 1020 on AT & T . Given that I already own a Nokia 808 PureView , no longer have an AT & T account , and am a 10-year+ T-Mobile customer I went to a local T-Mobile store in New York and walked out with a new Nokia Lumia 925 .
Initial hardware thoughts
I have only spent a day with the 925 so far and will spend much more time with it as I work on a full review to post in a week or two . I held the 925 at CTIA for a few minutes and now that I have my own in hand I am very impressed with the hardware . I would put it on the same high level as the incredible HTC One , in terms of hardware design .
Like the HTC One , the in-hand feel is awesome . I like the metal frame with soft white plastic back . Windows Phones have always tended to have rather low hardware buttons that can be tough to press , but Nokia fixed that with tactile buttons that are easy to press .
The microSIM , microUSB , and headphone jack are all found at the top while the bottom and left side are empty . The camera , power , and volume buttons are all on the right side . The camera sticks out a bit on the back , but I do n't see that as an issue since there is a bit of an edge above the camera lens cover .
The display looks great and I was able to test it in direct 95+ degree sunlight in New York to see it was visible and usable in that condition . Nokia excels at hardware and the 925 is one of their most impressive devices to date .
Initial software thoughts
The Lumia 925 launches with the Amber update , which brings some thing I love from MeeGo and Symbian . These Amber features include an always present clock when the screen is off , double tap to turn on , flip to silence , data sense ( helps you manage your data limits ) ,
The Nokia Smart Camera app is slick and one of the things I ca n't wait to try more . I do look forward to the Pro Camera utility found on the 1020 as well . There are other Nokia Lumia software elements like camera lenses , the HERE suite of apps , and more .
There are a few T-Mobile apps loaded out of the box , but remember with Windows Phone you can always remove them and not be stuck with them like you are on Android smartphones . I like the My Account utility , but removed the NameID and T-Mobile TV apps right away . It is also great to see WiFi Calling supported on the Lumia 925 .
Comparison to 920 and 928
The last Lumia I owned was the 920 and with the 925 you get better hardware design , IMHO , a camera with an additional lens , the Amber update , and a flagship Lumia on T-Mobile . I like the 928 hardware better than the 920 too and while the 928 has a Xenon flash ( I did n't see that much advantage with it on that device ) the 925 has the additional lens and Amber update .
The Amber update is coming to the 920 and 928 so all three are great choices on your preferred carrier . I personally find the Lumia 925 hardware to be the best of these three , with the exception of the 16GB internal storage .
Can the Lumia 925 be my primary device ?
I have posted Tweets recently stating that a WP8 device could n't be my primary device , mostly due to lack of connectivity with devices like the Jawbone UP and Pebble . However , these are not really necessities so I took my HTC One and iPhone 5 and compared all the apps and services I use on them to what I have installed on the Lumia 925 .
While I do lose a premium Google experience ( Gmail , Hangouts , Google+ ) with the 925 , the only app I use frequently that I think I will really miss is the USAA bank app . USAA was one of the first to support Windows Phone , but has since dropped support so I can no longer take photos of checks and deposit them . I can check my account and do most things through Internet Explorer so check deposits will just have to wait for my iPad .
The HTC One does offer some great conveniences that are not on the Lumia 925 , including an IR for remote control , ability to rent and watch movies , ability to edit videos to share , and check out ball games with MLB At Bat .
I travel quite a bit on Alaska Airlines and use my phone to present my boarding pass . The Alaska Airlines folks were quick to respond to my Tweets that their mobile website supports all the app functionality so I tested it out on a return flight yesterday and that hole is now plugged too .
Email , calendar , social network apps , photo apps , utilities , and even games that I use frequently are all available for the 925 so it looks like the 925 can be my primary device if I give up Pebble connectivity . There is a rumor that an update from Nokia will enable Bluetooth LE support so I could possibly then connect my Pebble and Fitbit One and then be good to go . I plan to keep my SIM in the 925 exclusively and see how it goes with Windows Phone .
Why did n't I make the jump to the 1020 ?
I love what I see in the Nokia Lumia 1020 , but honestly I rarely even use my 808 PureView and am not enough of a photo enthusiast to pay the premium price and add an AT & T account again ( $ 85/month for a service I rarely used before ) . I have been satisfied with the HTC One so with the 925 offering more megapixels I am sure it will serve me just fine .
If the 1020 had launched on T-Mobile I likely would have purchased it . However , the 925 hardware really is pretty amazing and the initial price of $ 50 is tough to beat . BTW , I signed up for the new T-Mobile JUMP ! plan to see for myself if it is worth having since I upgrade my phones quite often . Given that it is only a couple dollars more than insurance it also gives me peace of mind .
To be evaluated
I took a few photos and as I detailed in an earlier post the Lumia 925 Nokia Smart Camera app is very capable . So far I actually find it a bit more intuitive than the HTC One software that requires you to first capture a Zoe and then go into the editor to add the effects . However , it does n't look to have as many editing options either . I plan to spend a lot more time comparing these two flagship camera phones that are available to T-Mobile customers so stay tuned for more on the camera .
I am very disappointed in the 16GB internal storage strategy , although I do understand that a initial cost of $ 50 is extremely attractive . My primary concern is capturing my daughter 's basketball games and it may do great for one game before I upload the videos , but it wo n't be able to handle a tourney with multiple games .
My HTC One needs some juice to go a full day so I 'll be checking out the battery life too . What do you want to see me cover in a full review ?
Related stories :
Virgin boss will recommend decriminalising drug use when they appear before MPs ' committee
The Virgin group head , Sir Richard Branson , is to appear in person to argue the case for decriminalising drug use at the start of a Commons home affairs committee inquiry .
Branson is to give evidence to MPs next Tuesday alongside Ruth Dreifuss , the former president of Switzerland , who served with them on the Global Commission on Drugs Policy . The commission 's report , published last year , declared that the war on drugs had failed and recommended introducing a regulated legal supply of cannabis and possibly other drugs .
MPs will also take evidence from the UK Drug Policy Commission , a thinktank headed by Dame Ruth Runciman . They are expected to visit South America , including Colombia , during the course of their inquiry .
Keith Vaz , chairperson of the Commons home affairs committee , said they were looking forward to hearing from Branson and Dreifuss about the global commission 's view that the war on drugs had failed and it was time to decriminalise drugs .
`` Drugs can be a hugely controversial issue but we hope that this will be the start of a balanced , well-reasoned inquiry , '' said Vaz .
Anti-death penalty advocates are gearing up for what they hope will be their most significant victory for a generation , as California enters the final week of campaigning over a ballot initiative that would abolish capital punishment in the state and close the largest death row in the country .
The Californian referendum on ending the death sentence is being closely watched across the US as potentially the most important turning point since the US supreme court temporarily banned executions in 1972 . A “ yes ” vote for Proposition 34 on 6 November would provide a huge boost to abolitionists and send shock waves through the other 32 states that still hand out the ultimate punishment .
California has by far the highest number of prisoners awaiting execution . It has 724 death row inmates , almost twice as many as the next largest , Texas , with 407 .
The latest USC Dornsife/ Los Angeles Times poll has supporters of Proposition 34 on 42 % , just three points behind those who would keep the death sentence in place . That 's within the margin of error , suggesting a statistical tie .
The abolition proposal is being backed by several high-profile individuals and organisations , including the conservative Fox News talk show host Bill O'Reilly and most large California news outlets . One of the proponents of the initiative is Jeanne Woodford , former warden of San Quentin prison outside San Francisco which houses California 's death row .
Woodford told the Guardian that having spent more than 30 years in the state 's criminal justice system , they had come to the conclusion that the death penalty was indefensible . “ It is broken and ineffective . It does n't provide greater public safety or enhance our social morality in any way . ”
During their time as warden of San Quentin , they presided over four executions including that of Robert Lee Massie who was put to death in 2001 for two separate murders having “ volunteered ” to die by refusing to pursue any appeals .
“ In reality , Massie 's execution went ahead because they did n't want to live , ” Woodford said . “ So we were helping them with their suicide – that 's a lot to ask of any public servant , and in any other situation it would n't be considered appropriate . ”
Woodford added that it was only after they stood down as warden that the full impact of having effectively acted as executioner on four occasions hit them “ I did n't let it destroy me as I became determined to do something about ending this policy – if I was n't working towards something positive it could have eaten away at me . ”
Ahead of the vote , the abolition campaign , Yes on 34 , has been intensively running TV and radio adverts across California . The TV advert is narrated by Hollywood actor Martin Sheen and features the story of Franky Carrillo , who spent two decades on death row for a murder they did not commit .
The campaign 's organisers have been deploying several arguments in the hope of attracting voters to the abolitionist cause . In addition to the moral argument that capital punishment can lead to innocent people such as Carrillo being put on death row , they are pushing a more pragmatic financial line that might appeal in these economically challenging times .
A recent study carried out by a senior judge found that the death sentence costs California an extra $ 184m a year above and beyond what it would be spending were death row closed and all its inmates transferred to life without parole – the alternative put forward by Proposition 34 . The overall cost of death row to the Californian taxpayer , including the inflated expense of capital trials , heightened security in prison and endless legal challenges and appeals , was put at $ 4bn since 1978 .
The savings that could be made by switching to life imprisonment would allow an additional $ 100m a year to be spent on investigating serious crimes in a state in which a shocking 46 % of murders and 56 % of rapes go unsolved . Increasing the clear-up rate of those crimes would be a far more effective deterrent , supporters of the proposition argue , than holding people on death row for many years with very little to show for it – there have been just 13 executions in California since 1967 and the practice has been legally on hold since 2006 .
Support of victims . families
As a symbol of how ineffectual California 's death row has become , the most probable way for someone to die on death row is now through old age . Since 1978 , 84 inmates have died from natural causes or suicide .
The other powerful channel through which supporters of Prop 34 hope to garner votes is to highlight the stories of families of victims of murders and rapes who want to see the death sentence abolished . The campaign has assembled some 720 relatives of victims , all of whom believe the death penalty has amplified their grief rather than consoled them .
Deldelp Medina is one of them . Them aunt Magali was murdered eight years ago in a frenzied attack . To add to the emotional devastation of the event , the murderer was Manuel Medina , Deldelp 's cousin and Magali 's only son .
Manuel , a schizophrenic , was in the grip of a psychotic bout at the time they killed their mother . Prosecutors in Florida , where Magali was killed attempted to apply the death sentence to Manuel , and it took their family six years to fight the charges and have them dropped ; Manuel is now being indefinitely held in a high-security mental hospital .
“ The death penalty is emotionally draining for families like mine , ” Deldelp Medina said . “ It consumes you and takes over your life – there has to be a better alternative where the perpetrators are put on life without parole . ”
Woodford said they had watched time and again as the families of victims began by being in favour of their loved one 's murderer being executed , but had come over time to see it as a terrible burden . “ This is an unbelievably painful system for families . There 's no closure , there 's no finality , it goes on for years inflicting so much harm and damage . ”
Should California vote yes next week it will become the sixth state in five years to repeal the death penalty . Connecticut abolished the practice in April , joining Illinois , New Jersey , New Mexico and New York .
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2012
My Santa was fantastic and instantly upgraded my inappropriate game qty from 0 to 2 !
First : NSFW Exploding Kittens is everything I hoped it to be ! I 've had a lot of fun playing the standard version and just had to get my hands on this one . My Santa took great care of me !
Second : Cards against humanity ! I first played this game at a drinking party where a recently divorced hot mom was playing with us , along with their son . It was pretty amazing if you ask me ! Been a great game to play at gatherings ever since . Well now I can host my own gatherings and have enough for everyone since my Santa also got me all 6 expansion sets ! ! !
Fuck yes , the best Santa ever ! Happy fucking solstice everyone !
The Southampton estate used as Diane Keaton 's home in the film Something 's Got ta Give has been sold for a stunning $ 41 million . The exteriors of the beautiful beach house , located on two acres of oceanfront , were featured in the 2003 Nancy Meyers film which co-starred actor Jack Nicholson .
“ It 's every woman 's dream house—the house that , if you became successful and could afford a beach house , yours would look like , ” stated director Meyers .
The 11-bedroom , 8000-square-foot Shingle-style mansion at 576 Meadow Lane in Southampton , New York was built in 2000 by Alan Meckler , the CEO of Mediabistro.com . The new lucky owner of the estate on “ Billionaire 's Row ” is Jimmy Tisch , the CEO of Loews corporation . Tisch 's new neighbors include Calvin Klein , Henry Kravis and Leon Black .
The interiors of the Hamptons home were filmed on a Hollywood soundstage , so Something 's Got ta Give 's much-coveted kitchen ( featuring a Sub-Zero refrigerator and a Wolf range ) was n't included as part of the $ 41 million price tag .
Beth Rubino , the movie 's set decorator , stated “ Diane 's character loves to cook , so we had to have a practical , functional kitchen , that could also hold a lot of people . ”
What do you love most about the Something 's Got ta Give house ? Comment below .
SAN FRANCISCO – An American journalist has reported on President Rodrigo Duterte 's use of a social media army of trolls to generate fake news and adulatory propaganda and attack their critics .
Sean Williams details their finding in an article titled , “ Rodrigo Duterte 's Army of Online Trolls , ” published in this month 's issue of The New Republic .
ADVERTISEMENT
When Williams was reporting on the violence in the Philippines and in September tweeted about Duterte 's war on drugs , a woman named Madelyn replied to them writing them off as a “ troll , ” and a “ foreigner who knows nothing bout my country . ”
Williams noticed that Madelyn 's Twitter stream was filled with adulation for President Duterte , and they seemed to tweet about them constantly throughout the day , according to a story about their experience told by Public Radio International . They had stumbled on President Duterte 's “ keyboard army ” of paid and unpaid online trolls .
Anyone speaking critically of Duterte gets attacked by them — “ and this is pretty much standard going for everyone covering the drug war and anything else in the Philippines right now , ” they were quoted by PRI 's The Takeaway .
Duterte 's social media strategy takes advantage of the Philippines ' young population–the average age is 23 ; nearly half of its 103 million residents use social media , according to Williams . From Facebook trolls , they get a steady diet of pro-Duterte propaganda .
Some people are paid to promote Duterte online , and often they create fake social media accounts . Some
20 percent of Duterte mentions online seen on Facebook by Philippine users come just from “ bots , ” a figure that Williams checked with the help of a social media research company .
“ They were surprised and so was I , that this amount of noise just being put out by fake accounts is so strong around Duterte . So that kind of says a lot about where their messages are coming from , ” told PRI .
Williams reports that Duterte has a real following . “ People do kind of admire him , but , but , yeah , it 's been very much propped up by a lot of this noise online . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
They note that in the Philippines Twitter , Facebook and other social media platforms , once seen as belonging to the masses , have been co-opted by bigger players .
“ They 're kind of being used by the people with the most money and the bigger means to get that message across , and that 's kind of a worrying development , ” Williams told PRI .
Read Next
A Liberian woman who recently arrived in Portland and was monitoring themselves for Ebola symptoms under a voluntary program was whisked to the hospital at mid-day Friday with a high temperature .
They were taken to Providence Milwaukie Hospital , where they are in isolation and being tested for the disease , which is highly infectious and has killed thousands of people in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea .
`` We had hoped this would n't happen , '' said Dave Underriner , regional chief executive for Providence Health & Services . `` We 've done a lot of work to prepare for an Ebola case . ''
Although state and county health officers declined to provide details about the patient 's background , a source told The Oregonian they arrived from Liberia on Tuesday evening .
Physicians do n't know whether the woman has the disease or another infection . They could have the flu or even malaria . State and county health officials said they pose no risk to the public and that the system worked like clockwork .
Since arriving in Portland , the woman had been taking their temperature twice a day and reporting to the Multnomah County Health Department . Until Friday , their temperature had been normal , said Dr. Katrina Hedberg , state health officer . But in the morning it spiked .
`` It got our attention because it was was over 102 degrees , '' said Dr. Paul Lewis , health officer for Multnomah , Clackamas and Washington counties .
The county sent medics to their home , including Dr. Jonathan Jui , Multnomah County 's emergency services medical director . Dressed in full protective gear , from their head to fingertips to toes , they examined them and decided they should be hospitalized .
They were taken to Milwaukie , which had been established by Providence as an Ebola training center and is fully staffed for treating an infected patient . Underriner said they were ushered into the hospital through a `` secured '' pathway far from other patients .
They are now being treated in isolation by medical personnel who all volunteered for the assignment . The virus is highly infectious but it can only be transmitted through bodily fluids , such as sweat , urine , semen and saliva .
Physicians will draw a blood sample , then triple package it according to biohazard regulations for shipment to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta or another CDC lab . Only selected labs in the United States are equipped to run Ebola tests .
If the test is negative , another will probably be done in three days . Often the virus does n't show up until the person has been symptomatic for 72 hours .
It could take a day to get the woman 's blood sample to the CDC , Lewis said . The test results take about four hours .
Gov . John Kitzhaber is staying up-to-date on the situation through reports from state and local health officials , they said in a statement .
`` Local health departments , hospitals , health care providers and first responders have been working together to ensure the state is prepared , '' the statement said , `` and earlier this week , health officials and I outlined protocols for just this type of situation . The protocols are intended to both protect the health and safety of Oregonians and get people the care they need . ''
The people with whom the woman was staying with in Portland have agreed to voluntary quarantine in their own home until the results of the blood test are known . The woman who was hospitalized has been free to leave to travel around Portland since they arrived .
`` This person 's movement was not restricted because there 's no rationale for it , '' Lewis said . `` She had no symptoms . ''
Based on CDC guidelines , they were considered to be a low risk . `` She did not have any known contact with Ebola patients , '' Hedberg said .
Besides this woman , one other person in the Portland area is also being monitored for Ebola symptoms .
-- Lynne Terry
By Victor Minichiello , University of New England and Mitra Rashidian , University of New England . The article was originally published in The Conversation
Each time you turn on the television after 10pm , eavesdrop on a group of men at your local pub , or drive past a billboard , you 're likely to encounter some stereotypes about masculinity and men 's sexuality .
We 're told that men 's minds are so immersed in thoughts of sex that it can become a full-time preoccupation . Think of James Bond 's sexual exploits , Cola Cola 's “ bigger is better ” campaign , and the folklore that men think about sex every seven seconds ( which would amount to more than 8,000 thoughts about sex a day ) .
Let 's focus , first , on one setting where there are ample opportunities for sexual interactions and discussions about sex : university . According to a recent study from Ohio State University , young men think about sex 19 times per day . They also have other regular , needs-based thoughts about eating and sleeping .
'One sexual thought , or less , a month '
In contrast , the Kinsey Report , which examined the sexual behaviour of men aged under 60 years , found 54 % think about sex every day or several times a day , 43 % think about sex a few times a week or a few times a month , and 4 % reported just one sexual thought , or less , a month .
Another study , from 1990 , found 16- to 17-year-olds think about sex every five minutes . By age 40 to 49 , this drops to a sexual thought every half an hour , and it keeps reducing with age .
There 's certainly no consensus among researchers about the frequency of men 's sexual thoughts . And little is known about the nature of these thoughts .
So , do men think about sex more often than women ?
'More explicit '
A handful of researchers argue there are no significant differences between the frequency of men 's and women 's erotic thoughts outside of sex . But most studies show that men think about sex more often than their female partners . This is used to support the statement that men have more powerful sex drives than women .
Studies have suggested testosterone contributes to men 's frequent preoccupation with sexual thoughts . In other words , because men have a higher level of testosterone than women , they have more frequent sexual fantasies and a stronger desire for sex .
Men 's sexual fantasies tend to be more explicit than women 's . And interestingly , men are more likely to fantasise during masturbation ( 86 % of the time ) compared with women ( 69 % of the time ) .
This difference has been attributed to men having greater opportunities – culturally and biologically – to experience sexual fantasies .
Why men think about sex
A multitude of factors could contribute to some men 's preoccupation with sexual thoughts , feelings and behaviour . A 2009 study by Reid and Carpenter , for example , found that factors such as emotional distress , discouragement , poor self-esteem , difficulties coping with stress , and self-doubt were associated with hyper-sexuality .
Psychologist Michael Bader suggests that sexual fantasies , and resulting sexual arousal , have more to do with unconscious problem-solving [ NSFW ] than most of us realise .
But men 's preoccupation with sexual thoughts can not be fully understood without considering the effects social media and constant internet access .
Young men are increasingly using Facebook to share pictures and stories about their sexual conquests . And the prospect of 24/7 access to pornography via mobile phones and laptops may prompt compulsive behaviour and excessive sexual thoughts .
More sex
There are other myths about the sexual character of men : they should aspire to be virile , “ well-endowed ” studs and always ready for sex . But most men are not “ well-endowed ” : the average penis size is not nine inches but , rather , between five and seven inches .
As for being ever-ready for sex , as men age , they have sex less frequently and , some may even need medication to help with erectile function .
So the question we need to ask is who benefits from the perpetuation of these myths ? Perhaps Coca-Cola or the sex industry . But certainly not men .
Victor Minichiello receives funding from Australian Research Council for their research on sexuality .
Mitra Rashidian does not work for , consult to , own shares in or receive funding from any company or organisation that would benefit from this article , and has no relevant affiliations .
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article . Photo : zigazou76
If you liked this article and want to read more , follow us on Twitter @ insideMANmag and Facebook
Syria 's military have liberated around 85 percent of the country 's territory from the control of insurgent terrorists , according to the latest statement by the Russian Ministry of Defense .
Lieutenant General Aleksandr Lapin , Russian chief of staff in Syria , told reporters at Khmeimim air base that the Syrian forces will now have to liberate the remaining 15 percent , around 27,000 square kilometers .
Read more
Lapin also said that Syrian troops are continuing the operation to free Deir ez-Zor from Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS/ISIL ) .
“ Currently the operation to free the city is ongoing . The Syrian military will soon finish off the IS forces that used to occupy the city 's neighborhoods , ” the Lieutenant General said in a briefing .
The blockade of Deir ez-Zor was broken on September 5 by Syrian forces , after three years of IS control of the city .
“ The command posts and communication networks of the terrorists were destroyed by Kalibr cruise missiles , launched from the Black Sea escort vessel ‘ Admiral Essen ' . This disrupted control of IS units in the area . ”
“ Over 450 terrorists , 5 tanks and 42 pickups with heavy machine guns were liquidated during the operation , ” the Lieutenant General added .
Russia has been providing assistance for the Syrian forces fighting IS since 2015 , and with the Russian military 's help , the Syrian army has freed Hama , Homs , Latakia , Palmyra and Aleppo .
In March 2016 , Russian President Putin ordered a partial withdrawal of Russian forces because they had reached all of the goals that had been set for them in the country .
Nevertheless , a small group of Russian military planes remains stationed in Khmeimim and continues to strike terrorist positions . Russia has also deployed special forces and anti-aircraft systems in the area to protect the base from attack .
For other people named Charles Dawson , see Charles Dawson ( disambiguation )
Charles Dawson ( 11 July 1864 – 10 August 1916 ) was a British amateur archaeologist who was initially credited with , and is now blamed for , discoveries that turned out to be imaginative frauds , climaxing with that of the Piltdown Man ( Eoanthropus dawsoni ) , which they presented in 1912 . Dawson was often present at finds in the archaeological digs , or was the finder himself .
Born the eldest of three sons , Dawson moved with their family from Preston , Lancashire to Hastings , Sussex when they were still very young . Charles initially studied as a lawyer following their father and pursued a hobby of collecting and studying fossils . [ 1 ]
They made a number of seemingly important fossil finds . Amongst these were teeth from a previously unknown species of mammal , later named Plagiaulax dawsoni in their honour ; three new species of dinosaur , one later named Iguanodon dawsoni ; and a new form of fossil plant , Salaginella dawsoni . The British Museum conferred upon them the title of Honorary Collector . For these important finds they were elected a fellow of the Geological Society and a few years later after another find , to the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1895 . Dawson died prematurely from septicaemia in 1916 at Lewes , Sussex . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Alleged discoveries [ edit ]
A replica of the Piltdown Man skull .
In 1889 Dawson was a co-founder of the Hastings and St Leonards Museum Association , one of the first voluntary museum friends groups established in Britain . Dawson worked on a voluntary basis as a member of the Museum Committee , in charge of the acquisition of artefacts and documents . Their interest in archaeology developed and they had an uncanny knack of making spectacular discoveries , The Sussex Daily News named them the `` Wizard of Sussex '' for their success . [ 2 ]
In 1893 Dawson investigated a curious flint mine full of prehistoric , Roman and mediaeval artefacts at Lavant , near Chichester and probed in inner depths of two tunnels beneath Hastings Castle . In the same year , they presented the British Museum with a Roman statuette from Beauport Park , which was made , uniquely for the period , of cast iron . Other discoveries followed , including a strange form of hafted Neolithic stone axe and a well-preserved ancient timber boat . [ 2 ]
They studied ancient quarries , re-analysed the Bayeux Tapestry and , in 1909 , produced what was then the definitive study of Hastings Castle . They later found faked evidence for the final phases of Roman occupation in Britain at Pevensey Castle in Sussex . [ 2 ] Investigating unusual elements of the natural world , Dawson presented a petrified toad inside a flint nodule , discovered a large supply of natural gas at Heathfield in East Sussex , reported on a sea-serpent in the English Channel , observed a new species of human and found a strange goldfish/carp hybrid . It was even reported that they were experimenting with phosphorescent bullets as a deterrent to Zeppelin attacks on London .
In recognition of their many discoveries , Dawson was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1895 . At the age of 31 , and without a university degree to their name , they were now Charles Dawson F.G.S. , F.S.A . Their most famous discovery was in 1912 with the discovery of the Piltdown Man which was billed as the `` missing link '' between humans and other great apes . [ 1 ]
Criticism [ edit ]
Questions about the Piltdown find were raised from the beginning , first by Arthur Keith , but also by paleontologists and anatomists from the Smithsonian Institution and from Europe . Those disputing the find were attacked in very personal terms . Challenges to Piltdown Man arose again in the 1920s , but were again dismissed . In 1949 , further questions were raised about the Piltdown Man and its authenticity , which led to the conclusive demonstration that Piltdown was a hoax , in 1953 . Since then , a number of Dawson 's other finds have also been shown to be forged or planted . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
In 2003 , Miles Russell of Bournemouth University published the results of their investigation into Dawson 's antiquarian collection and concluded that at least 38 specimens were clear fakes . Russell has noted that Dawson 's whole academic career appears to have been `` one built upon deceit , sleight of hand , fraud and deception , the ultimate gain being international recognition '' . [ 4 ]
In 2016 , a team of British researchers used DNA studies to provide added evidence for the provenance of Piltdown Man . They concluded that Dawson likely acted alone , and was the only person in the group of suspected perpetrators with sufficient scientific knowledge to have carried off the bluff . [ 5 ]
Charles Dawson never received a knighthood , though many others associated with the Piltdown `` find '' did , and was never elected to the Royal Society . Following their death in 1916 , no further finds were made at Piltdown . [ 2 ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
British Columbia is facing widespread doctor shortages , and among the province 's limited supply of physicians , strikingly few are trained in addiction medicine .
According to a study released by the B.C . Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS , only 25 B.C . doctors have passed the American Board of Addiction Medicine 's ( ABAM ) exam , the North American standard for addiction training . Most of them are located in Vancouver . Just three ABAM accredited doctors are located in B.C . 's interior region , and two are in the Fraser region , leaving Vancouver Island and northern B.C . with zero doctors trained to understand and diagnose addiction .
“ The goal of having physicians trained is to ensure patients and families have access to addictions treatment , ” says Dr. Annabel Mead , who co-authored the study and emphasizes that , so far , B.C . is missing the mark .
With fentanyl and other drug use on the rise in B.C. , having doctors who understand substance use and how it can affect other health issues is imperative . This year , between January–July , 433 overdose deaths were reported as a direct result of illicit drug use in B.C . Meanwhile , poor access to treatment further increases chances of liver disease , psychiatric issues , HIV , hepatitis , and other blood infections , adding strain on an overstretched medical system and putting users at risk of premature death . The island and northern regions , which have no ABAM-accredited doctors , show the highest percentage of illicit drug-related deaths .
In an attempt to fill that gap , St. Paul 's Hospital in Vancouver offers an addiction medicine fellowship to train select doctors how to treat patients experiencing addiction and its side effects . The program has trained 15 doctors and three nurses since 2013 . Having recently completed that training , Dr. Nadia Fairbairn says they have seen risk reduction in their own patients who have been diagnosed with substance abuse disorder .
While Mead notes that some unaccredited physicians do provide care for patients with addiction , they add that relying on such a laissez-faire system is unfair for both doctors and patients . “ Prevention , screening , and treatment for substance abuse disorders should be a routine part of general medical care , ” they say .
A number of countries , including Australia and the U.S. , have declared addictions medicine a subspecialty for doctors . “ Until Canada does the same , ” says Mead , “ there wo n't be any Canadian standards for practicing addiction medicine , and ultimately for providing care to patients . ”
After injuries limited their action with the QMJHL 's Baie-Comeau Drakkar in 2014-15 , Jeremy Grégoire was able to dress for 62 games with the St. John 's IceCaps in their first professional season .
Their defensive play was evident in their bottom-six role with the team throughout the year , being a reliable presence in their own end for a team with many young forwards more tuned to the offensive aspects of the game .
They made an impression in the junior ranks with their all-around ability , combining that defensive-zone prowess with good offensive numbers . In fact , in their final two years of junior , they scored above a point-per-game pace in both the regular and post-season .
That offence did not follow Grégoire to St. John 's for their first year , as they made very little impact on the scoreboard . Their six goals and five assists ranked them 19th on the team . With the club desperate to outscore the poor defensive play that plagued their ill-fated run to the playoffs , it must have been a frustrating season for the rookie . They did get a scoring boost while playing with Mark MacMillan toward the end of the season , perhaps signalling an end to what may have just been an extended slump .
Votes
As a result of that poor offensive output , with a few promising prospects being added to the organization at the 2016 NHL Entry Draft , Grégoire dropped a few spots : from 20th last time out to a tie for the 25th and final spot ( with Max Friberg ) in 2016 .
Rankings for Grégoire ranged from 18 to 33 , though only six panelists placed them outside of the top 25 .
Top 25 Under 25 history
They had seen a steady rise through the ranks as their QMJHL career progressed before last season 's fall . Officially a 21-year-old by the rules of this project , they have four more years to get that trend back on track .
Strengths
Despite the poor season , there 's still a decent amount of confidence in the young forward , because they have the all-around ability to play whatever role their team needs .
They can play anywhere in the bottom six , and , if last year was as much of an anomaly as their junior point and shot totals suggest , will likely develop into a second-line-calibre offensive player in the AHL . They had a strong showing at development camp in July , scoring three goals on the opening day of the prospect scrimmages , so there is evidence that this year will go much better for the Sherbrooke , Quebec native .
At 6 ' 0 ” , 194 pounds , Grégoire has a solid build and throws their mass around to dislodge the puck from opponents in all zones . He 's a hard-nosed player and has gotten a lot of their offence from right in front of the net .
Weaknesses
The downside of that physical style is that they have spent a lot of time in the penalty box , but it 's largely because of their ferocity that he 's made it to the professional ranks . Last year , they played a more controlled game and had a low penalty-minutes-per-game total relative to their previous history .
The most concerning thing about Grégoire may be the way they responded to the difficult year in 2015-16 . Realizing they are n't making the impression with their offence that they thought themselves capable of , they turned to their fists to get attention from teammates and the coaching staff .
As is the case for most players who are ultimately hoping to make it as a bottom-six forward in the NHL , discipline is a vital trait for a player who sees limited time in a role designed to give the top offensive talents a break . Sitting in the box for five minutes as one of the few defensive forwards ( which they will be this season in St. John 's ) will be of no benefit to their team .
Projection
If they can find their offensive game , he 'll be one of the IceCaps most versatile forwards this fall . With several veterans , including captain Gabriel Dumont not returning , they have a chance to put the leadership skills they were rewarded for in Baie-Comeau to good use .
St. John 's will have a few forwards who will be relied upon for the major offensive production , but Grégoire can be a supplementary piece in the farm team 's bid for a first playoff appearance in six years .
Their defensive play will be their most important asset to a team that has seen a lot of turnover this summer . With their ability to go up against the opposition 's top players , forwards like Nikita Scherbak , Michael McCarron , and Martin Réway can be given more favourable deployments to help develop their offensive games . If Grégoire can put up 25-30 points in that role , the team will be in very good position to qualify for the post-season .
As for their NHL career , they project to be an energy/shutdown fourth-liner , or a third-line winger . Right now , the Montreal Canadiens are filled to the brim with that type of player , but the story could be very different in a few years ' time .
At just 20 years of age , there is lots of time for Grégoire to work on their few weaknesses , and I believe they have a very good chance of becoming a bottom-six NHLer .
Los Angeles
ON Monday the Supreme Court will consider whether to fundamentally alter the way American patent law is litigated . Specifically , in the context of an otherwise unremarkable patent dispute , the Court has promised to decide the degree to which juries should be allowed to question whether a patent should have been issued at all .
It 's a critical issue : the current approach , under which juries are explicitly discouraged from questioning a patent 's validity , all too often means that dubious patents are nevertheless enforced . That inhibits innovation , the very thing that patent law is supposed to encourage .
A patent 's validity is first judged at the United States Patent and Trademark Office , where thousands of experts on everything from business practices to stereo equipment toil to evaluate every submitted application . It 's a herculean task : inventors have filed more than 450,000 applications every year since 2007 ; last year the number was close to 500,000 . To accurately evaluate all of those purported inventions would cost tens of billions of dollars , multiples more than what the Patent Office receives in federal outlays or could plausibly raise on its own with application fees .
As a result , patent examiners give most applications only a quick look , spending on average 16 hours to 17 hours per application — nowhere near the time needed to assess whether an invention is truly new and not obvious . Worse , those hours are typically spread over two to three years , and they are interspersed with work on hundreds of other open files .
Photo
These problems could in theory be fixed with more money . But resources are n't the only issue . The extent and quality of Patent Office review is also limited by the fact that the process is not adversarial . Indeed , the only parties involved in Patent Office review are the applicant and the applicant 's lawyers — people with an obvious incentive to see the application move forward . Contrast that with litigation , where patent plaintiffs have to square off against very motivated patent defendants .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Why , then , does the current system discourage juries from second-guessing the Patent Office ? The primary reason is that judges are reluctant to invite lay jurors to overrule the experts . That makes sense in the abstract . But in practice , even the best examiners are so overwhelmed and so poorly informed that the benefits of their expertise are fully dissipated . Juries know less , true , but at least they get to see a complete evidentiary record and to hear arguments on both sides .
Beer – # 437 – Epic – Imperium
I thought I 'd have a darker beer , so an Epic Imperium it is then .
“ In Luke 's own words , its black , its soft , its malty and with notes of toasty loveliness ”
This is a bottle that is 500ml and has and ABV of 9.0 % , which makes it 3.55 standard Drinks and 270 calories a serve .
Epic Brewing Company ( NZ ) brew this at Steam Brewing Company and it could be described as an : Imperial Stout or Foreign Stout , and they are based in Auckland , New Zealand .
The Epic Biennial Stout Series present Imperium . You are Tolerant . You are Subservient . Respect the Powerful . Worship the Elite . This is your future . You are n't strong enough to speak up . Obey unquestioningly . Open the Bottle . Taste this Beer . Enjoy .
Imperium has a rich aroma of melted dark chocolate drizzled on burnt Vogels toast . The flavour is cocoa , salted caramel plums , and burnt fruit cake , a silky voluptuous mouthfeel and a long tarry , and belly warming finish .
Should make a pleasing drink .
Chocolate rich on opening , hints of grassiness hops .
Great easy pour of darkness , which settles to a nice head of mocha brown but it is n't persistent and fades to a heavy film . Aroma carries to the glass but does n't change .
I was expecting fuller and richer , but there is a burst of bitterness that then is overwashed by a lovely richness of roasted malts and then back to bitter for the finish .
Hints of raisins and sweetness in there too , in the middle at least .
But this is n't a ‘ full ' beer , and is somewhat over burdened by the hops in this . Not much to indicate that this is a higher ABV beer either .
What to think then . Well there is expectation and then there is delivery . The gap is the disappointment .
This looks great , pours great , and sits well . There is a lovely aroma of chocolate and you can pick the hops aroma . And , it is n't bad drinking , but if it is over-ridden by a bitterness from the hops in it and there is n't a lot of body . I 'm not going to say ‘ thin ' as this is n't .
Do like that aroma though . ( on a side note I was out with MrsPhil last night having a beer in the local , Deep Creek Brewery , having a Dominatrix IPA , which they described as having the aroma of strawberry herbal tea , and they hate the aroma of beer , the beer was o for Owesum ! by the way )
The pdubyah-o-meter rates this as 7 a of its always random and unpredictable things from the things . This is n't like a “ Stout ” , and I 'll admit to being no expert but when I think of Stout I would n't think this . I would n't say either that it was “ soft ” as the hops make it somewhat nearer raspy .
Not bad though . But not sure I 'd be fishing out to have another .
The double dip review
Am I enjoying it ? Yes , it improves a little as it warms . Would I have another ? I 'm not sure there are a lot of other really good Stouts needing my attention . Would I share with a friend on a porch and set the world to rights ? I might , because this is a roller coaster of hops and roasted malts and for that it makes it interesting , although Black IPA comes to mind , perhaps I 'm missing a trick ?
I found myself listening to Midge Ure – from the Album “ Fragile ” this is the title track .
The album is soft and easy going .
On the food front , Dinner on Saturday was Port Fillet , with rosemary and garlic roasted potatoes and buttered cabbage , which all came with gravy of course .
IMPERIAL STOUT
Imperial stouts are usually extremely dark brown to black in color with flavors that are intensely malty , deeply roasted and sometimes with accents of dark fruit ( raisin , fig ) or milk sourness . The bitterness is typically medium and often the low sie of that . Imperial stouts are strong and often exceed 8 % by volume .
FOREIGN STOUT
Foreign Stout began with the beer that would become Guinness Foreign Extra Stout . This was a stronger , extra-hopped version of the basic Guinness Extra Stout , brewed to survive long journeys overseas . The classic FES still exists in a few different forms , but many of the original destination countries ( Jamaica , Sri Lanka , etc . ) now have their own , locally-produced versions . Foreign stout occupies a position between basic stout and imperial stout . It is sweeter than a basic stout , but not as robust as an imperial . It is less fruity and less hoppy as well . Foreign stouts are sometimes made with local grains and adjuncts sugar is not uncommon . Alcohol ranges from 6-8 % .
Related articles
Advertisements
After being greenlit and approved for release via Steam , Afterlife Empire , the isometric strategy game with nods to Theme Hospital , Dungeon Keeper , and the lesser known Ghost Master , has quietly announced a release date of August 14th . The game will be initially available on PC and Mac .
The game was initially conceived by Danielle Maiorino , chosen by the Internet as winner of The Fine Young Capitalists ' Women In Gaming competition , with successful Indiegogo backing from just over 3800 supporters . Developed by Colombian transmedia studio AutoBotika , Afterlife Empire is a strategic game that puts the player in the shoes of the recently deceased . Build a custom haunted house and scare anyone curious enough to enter but be careful — scare people too much and they 'll die of fright . Scare too few and you 'll fade away from history .
The project has seen a lot of ire throughout its funding and development in connection to GamerGate — in spite of this , or perhaps because of this , Afterlife Empire has received little coverage from other outlets . But on the upside , 4chan 's members ( notably /pol/ and /v/ ) contributed over $ 23,500 and approved the design of the iconic mascot Vivian James , who will make their debut appearance in Afterlife Empire — Reddit 's mascot Gilda Mars will also be in the game . A large ( read : 74 % ) portion of the net profit will go to The Colon Cancer Alliance .
The Fine Young Capitalists are an Ontario-based organization created in 2014 , dedicated to “ create media using underrepresented labor [ and ] unexplored demographics to fund non-profit organizations , thereby ‘ creating the means for the production . ' ” TFYC have a mixed reputation on the Internet and have set up a subsidiary non-profit foundation on their collaboration with adult actor Mercedes Carrera , The Porn Charity , known as The Fine Young Councilors . The Women In Gaming was their first official production that challenged five women to create a concept for a videogame for the Internet to vote on — true to their word , The Fine Young Capitalists have updated backers with progress every three months . APGNation had the pleasure of speaking with the group last year in an interview .
[ signoff predefined= ” APGN Call to Action ” ] [ /signoff ]
Camp cook sentenced to 10 years on fondling charge The defendant , 62 , befriended the victim and even spoke of adopting the youth .
KERRVILLE — A former cook at Pathways 3H Youth Ranch was sentenced to 10 years in prison Wednesday and fined $ 6,000 after being convicted of indecency with a child for fondling a 14-year-old camper in 2010 .
Testifying against the advice of their lawyer , defendant Helmut Feit , 62 , denied the boy 's claim that they groped the youth five or six times in vehicles at the Kerr County camp , which serves troubled teen boys .
A former executive chef at hotels , Feit also denied possessing child pornography , despite trial testimony that a computer seized from their Junction home held images of boys engaging in sexual activities .
Defense attorney Stephen Harpold , who asked the jury for probation , urged Feit to not testify , noting that they still face four charges of indecency in Kerrville over complaints by the same victim , as well as 13 counts of possessing child pornography in Kimble County .
Prosecutor Lucy Wilke , who asked the jury to sentence Feit to 20 years , praised Pathways officials for alerting authorities to concerns about Feit .
Camp staffers became alarmed after discovering letters Feit sent the boy in which they expressed love and discussed adoption .
“ Just remember that I 'm never away from you as long as you keep me in your heart like I do yours in mine , ” said a letter dated Oct , 6 , 2010 , and signed “ Your Loving Dad . ”
In another letter , Feit said they sensed the boy was uneasy when Feit rubbed the boy 's tummy , which the youth described in court as a precursor to Feit fondling their genitals .
“ I want you to know that we are a very loving , close family and believe in close and intimate physical contact , ” Feit wrote .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Donald Trump is expected to visit Miami as early as next Friday to announce a new Cuba policy that could tighten rules on trade and travel , rolling back parts of former President Barack Obama 's opening to the island , according to a U.S. official and people familiar with the matter .
FILE PHOTO - A child is seen in front of a house adorned with flags of U.S. and Cuba on the outskirts of Havana , Cuba March 21 , 2016 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Trump 's aides are nearing completion of a review of relations with Cuba and are expected to send recommendations to their national security team and then to the president in coming days , a U.S. official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Plans are in the works for Trump to roll out their new approach on June 16 in a speech in Miami , where they are expected to claim fulfillment of a campaign promise and justify it , at least in part , on human rights grounds , the sources said .
But they cautioned that a delay in the announcement is still possible if it takes longer for Trump to make a final decision .
While specific changes have not yet been finalized , the sources say Trump is likely to unveil a partial rather than complete rollback of Obama 's actions , which included restoration of relations and reopening of embassies after a diplomatic breakthrough in 2014 with America 's former Cold War foe .
Among the options under consideration are banning U.S. companies from doing business with Cuban enterprises tied to the military – which controls a large part of the communist-ruled island 's economy – and tightening rules on Americans traveling there , according to people familiar with the discussions .
With the Cuba review approaching its final stages , both sides of the issue have recently stepped up lobbying to sway Trump 's decision .
In the letter sent to Trump on Friday , seven of their fellow Republicans warned that rescinding Obama 's policies would “ incentivize Cuba to once again become dependent on countries like Russia and China . ”
Senior officials at the National Security Council met on Friday to begin finalizing a list of recommendations , the sources said .
Trump 's changes are expected to stop short of breaking diplomatic relations restored two years ago after more than five decades of hostility , administration officials say .
But divisions remain within the Trump administration over how far to go , especially given that rapprochement with Cuba has created opportunities for American companies .
INTERNAL DEBATE
Some aides have argued that Trump , a former real estate magnate who won the presidency promising to unleash U.S. business and create jobs , would have a hard time defending any moves that close off the Cuban market .
But other advisers have contended that it is important to make good on a promise to Cuban-Americans whose support they considered significant winning Florida in the 2016 election . Miami is home to the largest Cuban-American community .
The U.S. airline and travel industries have made clear they do not want to see reinstatement of Cuba restrictions .
“ Imposing new regulations on travel to and trade with Cuba would be bad politics , bad policy , and bad for U.S. business , ” said James Williams , president of Engage Cuba , a Washingon-based lobbying group .
But Trump has come under heavy pressure from Cuban-American lawmakers , including Senator Marco Rubio and Representative Mario Diaz-Balart , to roll back Obama 's rapprochement .
Rubio , a member of the Senate foreign relations and intelligence committees , is seen by Trump 's aides as an important figure to cultivate at a time when the members of their administration are under investigation over contacts with Russian officials .
Rubio and other Obama critics have argued that they gave away too much to Cuban President Raul Castro for too little in return , especially on human rights .
Trump 's aides are considering ways to make future engagement moves contingent on the Cuban government 's improvement on human rights and political freedoms , U.S. officials say .
Such an emphasis would contrast sharply with Trump 's approach in other parts of the world where they have insisted the United States would stop lecturing other countries on the issue .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
“ Trump - friend of Putin , Sissi , Salman , Duterte , Erdoğan - will cite human rights to justify hurting the Cuban people , ” tweeted Ben Rhodes , Obama 's former deputy national security adviser and an architect of their Cuba détente policy .
Trump threatened shortly after their election in November to “ terminate ” Obama 's approach unless Cuba made significant concessions , something it is unlikely to do .
Obama implemented their normalization measures through executive actions , and Trump has the power to undo much of it .
Tips
The new addition of `` Theater Mode '' to watchOS can be combined with the Apple Watch Series 2 feature `` Wake Screen on Crown Up '' to check the time on your watch in an extremely discreet , unobtrusive low-light fashion . Here 's how to combine the two features .
All current Apple Watch hardware has access to the watchOS 3.2 update , which adds the new Theater Mode option in Control Center . To access it , simplyon a watch face , and choose the icon depictingBut while all Apple Watch users can access theater mode , the next part of the tip is specifically limited to Series 2 hardware . Since the second-generation hardware debuted last September , it has exclusively offered a new feature known as `` Wake Screen on Crown Up . `` To enable this feature , on a connected iPhone , choose , and then . By default , new Apple Watch Series 2 units ship withenabled.How do they work together ? Theater Mode prevents your Apple Watch display from lighting up when your wrist is turned —users must instead tap the display in order to check the time.However , when Wake Screen on Crown Up is enabled , users can also . As the digital crown is rolled forward , the Apple Watch Series 2 screen becomes gradually more visible , allowing users to keep the light from their watch dim —a particularly handy feature for politely checking the time without bothering others , while in a movie theater or at a play.After checking the time , users can either roll the Digital Crown back toward them to dim the display until it goes dark , or simply wait about three seconds for the screen to automatically go black.If you roll the Digital Crown further upwards , the display will become fully `` on , '' at the normally set brightness , and will not automatically dim as long as your wrist is facing you . In this situation , simply turn your wrist away from you as you normally would , and the display will automatically shut off . Because Theater Mode is enabled , the screen will not automatically turn back on regardless of the orientation of your wrist.Apple has not specifically said why the Wake Screen on Crown Up feature is exclusive to the Series 2 hardware , though it 's likely tied to the capabilities of a new OLED display , which is twice as bright as the first-generation and Series 1 wearables.If you want to be extra polite while at the movies , you can also create a low-light watch face that will make the display even less noticeable . Simply create a new `` Modular '' face , set it to red ( which helps preserve night vision ) , and disable all of the watch face complications.For more , see AppleInsider 's ongoing series of Apple Watch tips to get the most out of your device .
March 2013
Each year the Border Patrol apprehends hundreds of thousands of aliens who flagrantly violate our nation 's laws by unlawfully crossing U.S. borders . Such illegal entry is a misdemeanor , and , if repeated after being deported , becomes punishable as a felony .
The illegal alien population is composed of those who illegally enter the country ( referred to as `` entry without inspection — EWI '' ) in violation of the immigration law , and others enter legally and then sty illegally ( referred to as overstayers ) . The immigration authorities currently estimate that two-thirds to three-fifths of all illegal immigrants are EWIs and the remainder is overstayers . Both types of illegal immigrants are deportable under Immigration and Nationality Act Section 237 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) which says : `` Any alien who is present in the United States in violation of this Act or any other law of the United States is deportable . ''
Illegal Immigration Is Not A Victimless Crime
Apologists for illegal immigration try to paint it as a victimless crime , but the fact is that illegal immigration causes substantial harm to American citizens and legal immigrants , particularly those in the most vulnerable sectors of our population — the poor , minorities , and children .
Illegal immigration causes an enormous drain on public funds . The seminal study of the costs of immigration by the National Academy of Sciences found that the taxes paid by immigrants do not begin to cover the cost of services received by them.1 The quality of education , health care and other services for Americans are undermined by the needs of endless numbers of poor , unskilled illegal entrants .
Additionally , job competition by waves of illegal immigrants desperate for any job unfairly depresses the wages and working conditions offered to American workers , hitting hardest at minority workers and those without high school degrees .
Illegal Immigration And Population Growth
Illegal immigration also contributes to the dramatic population growth overwhelming communities across America — crowding school classrooms , consuming already limited affordable housing , and increasing the strain on precious natural resources like water , energy , and forestland . Until the recent economic recession and high unemployment , the immigration authorities estimated that the population of illegal aliens was increasing by an estimated half million people annually .
Illegal Immigration Undermines National Security
While most illegal immigrants may come only to seek work and a better economic opportunity , their presence outside the law furnishes an opportunity for terrorists to blend into the same shadows while they target the American public for their terrorist crimes . Some people advocate giving illegal aliens legal status to bring them out of the shadows , but , if we accommodate illegal immigration by offering legal status , this will be seen abroad as a message that we condone illegal immigration , and we will forever be faced with the problem .
Border Patrol : Necessary But Not Sufficient
The Border Patrol plays a crucial role in combating illegal immigration , but illegal immigration can not be controlled solely at the border . The overstayers as well as the EWIs who get past the Border Patrol must be identified and removed by the interior immigration inspectors of Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) . Today , the policies of the Obama administration are working at cross purposes to this objective . ICE is constrained from detaining and deporting most illegal aliens they encounter with the exception of those with criminal convictions or threats to the national security .
What Can Be Done ?
There must be a comprehensive effort to end illegal immigration . That requires ensuring that illegal aliens will not be able to obtain employment , public assistance benefits , public education , public housing , or any other taxpayer-funded benefit without detection .
The three major components of immigration control — deterrence , apprehension and removal — need to be strengthened by Congress and the Executive Branch if effective control is ever to be reestablished . Controlling illegal immigration requires a balanced approach with a full range of enforcement improvements that go far beyond the border . These include many procedural reforms , beefed up investigation capacity , asylum reform , documents improvements , major improvements in detention and deportation procedures , limitations on judicial review , improved intelligence capacity , greatly improved state/federal cooperation , and added resources .
What About The Costs ?
Effective control and management of the laws against illegal immigration require adequate resources . But those costs will be more than offset by savings to states , counties , communities , and school districts across the nation .
A Massachusetts woman faces charges of allegedly using a hidden mobile phone to audio-record their own suspicion-of-disorderly-conduct arrest .
Karen Dziewit , 24 of Chicopee , was allegedly `` loud and belligerent '' and disturbing their building 's tenants early Sunday when police arrested her , according to local media outlet Mass Live . When police inventoried their purse , they said they found a mobile phone secretly recording the incident , allegedly in violation of state wiretapping regulations . Springfield police told Mass Live that the woman slipped the phone in their purse and activated the recording feature before the arrest .
Under Massachusetts law , people may record police officers in public places , but only if the officers are aware that a recording is taking place , according to case law .
In 2011 , a federal appeals court ruled that a Boston woman openly filming police activity had their constitutional rights violated when they were arrested for filming an arrest of somebody else . The appeals court noted that no filming was done in secret , because the officers saw that the arrest was being recorded .
Dziewit is scheduled to be arraigned Monday .
Advertisement 5 people shot at vigil in west Baltimore Vigil held for Jermaine Schofield , who was gunned down in same spot Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A gunman opened fire in Baltimore Monday night , shooting five people at a vigil for another shooting victim , police said.Four women and a man ranging in age from 20 to 48 were shot at 6:35 p.m. in the 1800 block of West North Avenue while attending a vigil for 24-year-old Jermaine Scofield.Police said all of the victims suffered superficial wounds . The victims ' injuries included gunshot wounds to the legs and ankles . One woman was grazed in the stomach . Some victims got themselves to a hospital while others were taken by ambulance.About 20-30 people were holding a vigil for Scofield , who was killed at 1:10 a.m. Sunday at the same location . `` Here you are , coming together to have prayer , then , all of a sudden , gunfire comes . It 's not a pretty sight , '' said the Rev . Keith Bailey , president of the neighborhood association . `` There were some bullets ( that came ) from everywhere , and we saw the people screaming . We do n't know where they came from . `` Bailey knew Scofield and likely knows some of five people who were shot Monday . `` It 's not an easy thing to see because just realize , some of those same kids that I see getting shot in this area , I 'm pushing them down the aisle in the church or in the funeral home , '' Bailey said.Police said an officer had just left the vigil before the shooting.Police are n't sure if the gunman ran away or got away in a car , and they 're not sure about a motive . `` We 're still trying to locate witnesses , so this investigation is open , ongoing , and at the moment , still up in the air . We 're hoping to get some information that will point us to whom this shooter is , '' Baltimore police Detective Donny Moses said.Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call 410-396-2221 or call Metro Crime Stoppers at 866-7LOCKUP.WBAL-TV 11 News reporter Kai Reed contributed to this reportRefresh wbaltv.com and our app , and watch 11 News for updates.Get the WBAL-TV News App
6 years ago
( CNN ) - Hours before President Barack Obama campaigns in Boulder , Colorado , a new survey indicates a very close contest between the president and Republican nominee Mitt Romney for the Centennial State 's nine electoral votes .
According to a CNN/ORC International poll , 50 % of likely voters in Colorado support Obama , with 48 % backing the former Massachusetts governor . The president 's two-point margin is well within the survey 's sampling error .
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter : @ PoliticalTicker
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November .
The poll 's Thursday release also came just two hours after Rep. Paul Ryan , the GOP running mate , headlined a rally in Greeley , Colorado . The top line results of the CNN survey are very similar to an American Research Group poll conducted this past weekend which had Romney at 48 % and Obama at 47 % , and an NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll conducted last week which suggested the race was tied up at 48 % .
`` If you did n't know why President Obama and Paul Ryan are here today , and Mitt Romney is coming Saturday , now you know , '' said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King , who was reporting Thursday from Colorado .
As in most swing states , there is a fairly big gender gap , with the CNN poll indicating Romney ahead among men by 10 points and Obama winning women by 13 points . Income is also an important indicator , with the president holding a big lead among lower-income voters , while voters with more than $ 50,000 in income last year are tied at 49 % for Romney and 49 % for Obama .
`` But the key may be the split between the Denver area and the rest of Colorado , with the suburbs throughout the state likely to determine the winner , '' said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
According to the survey , Obama beats Romney by nearly two to one in the two big urban Democratic strongholds of Denver and Boulder . In the Denver suburbs ( Adams , Arapahoe , Jefferson and Broomfield counties ) , Obama 's support drops but they still hold a 53 % -45 % margin over Romney .
`` But the GOP challenger appears to do better in many Front Range suburbs around cities like Fort Collins and Colorado Springs . Combine those Front Range communities with the rural east and west and Romney has a 55 % -43 % lead once you get beyond the greater Denver area , '' said Holland .
In the battle for crucial independent voters , the poll indicates the president has a 49 % -47 % edge .
`` The president 's strength in Denver and Boulder suggests Governor Romney is going to need strong evangelical and rural turnout . Splitting the votes of self described independents probably is n't good enough for the governor . They need to boost that number in the final days to win , '' added King . `` And while our poll gives the president a tiny edge , it 's also proof their ground operation must deliver in the cities and closest suburbs . ''
Could minor-party candidates act as spoilers in Colorado ?
It 's tough to tell , but it is intriguing to note that when three minor party candidates are included in a separate horse race question , a 50 % -48 % advantage for Obama becomes a 48 % -47 % margin , with Libertarian Gary Johnson pulling 4 % and Green party candidate Jill Stein claiming one percent , and Constitution Party candidate Virgil Goode coming in with less than one-half of one percent . Statistically , there is no difference between 50 % -48 % and 48 % -47 % , but it does illustrate the potential effect of the minor-party candidates in this extremely close race .
Ninety-four percent of people questioned said they 've made up their minds on their pick , with 5 % saying they could still change their minds .
`` As always , keep in mind that the poll does not , and can not , predict the outcome of the election , '' cautions Holland . `` Close elections are inherently unpredictable - and elections in which a couple of percentage points separate the two candidates are even tougher , if not impossible , to forecast . ''
President George W. Bush carried Colorado by five points in their 2004 re-election . Four years later then-Sen. Obama accepted their party 's presidential nomination at the Democratic convention in Denver , and they won the state by nine points over Sen. John McCain in the 2008 election .
This cycle both candidates and their running mates and surrogates have made numerous trips to Colorado since the start of the general election in early April .
The two presidential campaigns , the party committees , and the super PACs and other independent groups backing the two candidates combined have spent over $ 60 million to run ads on broadcast TV in Colorado since the start of the general election in early April , according to Campaign Media Analysis Group ( CMAG ) , which tracks ad spending for its clients . Just in the past week , $ 6 million has been shelled out to run spots .
The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International , October 26-31 ( entirely after the third and final presidential debate ) , with 984 adults , including 904 registered voters and 733 likely voters , questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error for likely voters is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
If you 're a fan of virtual musicians with computer-generated bodies and voices , and you live in North America , then do I have news for you .
Hatsune Miku , Japan 's “ virtual pop star , ” is coming to the US and Canada next year for a seven-city , synth-filled tour—her first tour in this neck of the woods . Miku themselves may be a digital illusion , but their unique impact on the music industry is very real .
Advertisement
Them bio describes them to their 2.5 million Facebook fans as “ a virtual singer who can sing any song that anybody composes. ” They debuted in 2007 as software called Vocaloid developed by Crypton Future Media , a Sapporo-based music technology company . Vocaloid software generates a human-sounding singing voice , but without any actual humans .
Here in America , they appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman and opened for Lady Gaga last year .
Here 's the lineup for their 2016 extravaganza :
April 23 in Seattle , WaMu Theater
April 30 in San Francisco , The Warfield
May 6 in Los Angeles , Microsoft Theater
May 14 in Dallas , The Bomb Factory
May 20 in Toronto , Sony Centre for the Performing Arts
May 28 in New York , Hammerstein Ballroom
And one more spot TBD .
Advertisement
Them name means “ first sound from the future. ” Do you agree ? Is this what the future sounds like ? I mean , half of our human performers are all so autotuned , they sound virtual anyway , so I 'm on board with this .
[ Hatsune Miku Facebook via RocketNews24 ]
Email the author at bryan @ gizmodo.com , or follow them on Twitter .
“ IT IS now clear this will be a two-person race between the conservative leader Newt Gingrich and the Massachusetts moderate. ” So said the conservative leader Newt Gingrich to console themselves after being trounced by Mitt Romney in the Florida primary in late January . But late January was an age ago in what America 's discombobulated pundits are now calling the topsiest-turviest primary season they can remember . As the four remaining candidates brace for elections in Arizona and Michigan on February 28th , all eyes are now on the two-person race between Mr Romney , the plutocrat formerly known as the front-runner , and Rick Santorum , the social conservative and culture warrior who was never supposed to stand a chance .
Just how Mr Santorum got here is a bit of a puzzle . Their campaign got off to a good start , with a narrow victory in Iowa 's caucuses at the beginning of January , but they came fourth in New Hampshire and ( after Jon Huntsman and Rick Perry dropped out ) a poor third in South Carolina . The smell of political death hovered in the air at their thinly attended election-night party in the Citadel , a military college in Charleston . Nothing daunted , Mr Santorum soldiered on to Florida , only to finish well behind Messrs Romney and Gingrich again . And in Nevada at the beginning of this month Ron Paul pushed them down to fourth place .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
And yet—hallelujah ! —Mr Santorum is now being hailed as a giant-killer . On February 7th they conjured up a hat-trick of victories in Colorado , Minnesota and Missouri , and since then the force has stayed with him . National polls have them leading the Republican field . More terrifying to Mr Romney are polls that give Mr Santorum a fair chance of victory next week in Michigan . That would be a bitter reverse for Mr Romney in the first rustbelt state in the Midwest to hold a primary , the very state where they grew up and where their father was a popular governor . If Mr Santorum can win there , they might also win delegate-rich Ohio on “ Super Tuesday ” on March 6th , when many states will vote .
What explains Mr Santorum 's surge ? Dumb luck , say some . Plenty of candidates before him—Michele Bachmann , Herman Cain , Mr Perry and Mr Gingrich—have hit the Republican sweet spot too , only to be rejected once their blemishes became plainer . Looked at in this light , Mr Santorum is merely taking their turn as the final non-Romney , pushed aloft less by their own positives than by the negatives of their competitors , notably Mr Gingrich 's bloated ego and Mr Romney 's lack of conviction . In due time , it is argued , the laws of political gravity will pull them back down .
Mr Santorum does , after all , have negatives of their own , the main one being a divisive social agenda that threatens to make them unelectable as president even if they do win the Republican nomination . They are an agitated opponent of gay marriage at a time when Americans as a whole are becoming relaxed about such issues . They would repeal the new law that allows gays to serve openly in the armed forces and opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest . They are on record calling contraception a “ licence to do things in a sexual realm that are counter to how things are supposed to be ” . And they appear literally to believe ( a video shows them saying all this to students in 2008 ) that Satan is roaming the United States , “ using those great vices of pride , vanity and sensuality ” to undermine its institutions . A former aide called them “ a Catholic missionary who happens to be in the Senate . ”
This column has argued before that when the media look only at Mr Santorum 's thoughts on family morality they end up with a caricature . They are in fact a more rounded candidate , with some impressive skills . These include not only the perseverance that kept them tramping through the slough of despond when others might have given up , but also a nimble and well-stocked mind , an approachable manner on the stump and—the big prize that eludes Mr Romney—a palpable sincerity . In Michigan and Ohio , they may also prove that they have another advantage over Mr Romney : an appeal to blue-collar workers that is hard for a member of the 1 % to match . Mr Santorum takes care to give the coalmining travails of their immigrant grandfather a big place in their narrative .
Explore our interactive map and guide to the
race for the Republican candidacy
For all that , Mr Santorum is a very long way from becoming the nominee . Though more rounded than caricature suggests , they have a funny way of showing it . Instead of pivoting to the economy , they have wasted much of their precious turn in the limelight by returning to the culture wars . Lately they have bashed Barack Obama 's “ phony theology ” , criticised the prenatal amniocentesis test for women ( it leads too often to abortion , they say ) , and wondered aloud why the federal government or even the states should be in control of schools ( he and their wife taught their own large brood mostly at home ) . Mr Romney and their super PAC are meanwhile rubbishing the former senator for loving earmarks when they were in Congress , and for lingering in Washington as a well-paid consultant after the voters of Pennsylvania kicked them out . Having used a blizzard of negative ads to beat down upstarts before , Mr Romney may succeed at doing so again next week .
And then ?
The Republicans did not want their primary season to look like a coronation . That , to say the least , is no longer a danger . It is now clear only that a large share of the party 's conservatives just do not like Mr Romney . This traps the party in a fratricidal exercise that could continue for months , if not all the way to the party convention in Tampa in August . Even if they lose next week in Michigan , Mr Santorum should pick up enough delegates to keep their hope alive . Mr Gingrich is unlikely to quit unless they lose in their home state of Georgia on Super Tuesday , and Mr Paul will fight on whatever happens . There is new talk of an “ open ” convention , where no candidate has a majority and the call goes out for a white knight , if one can be found . Mr Obama is a lucky man .
He 's had just about enough of some of the upstarts using the truck tour as a stepping stone to climb the NASCAR ranks with complete disregard for the veterans .
For Sauter , 39 , the tipping point came two weeks ago at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park when 20-year-old Ben Rhodes called the current champion “ an old piece of ( expletive ) . ”
That was all the spark Sauter needed to make a gung-ho run for a second title .
“ After the race at Canada , when one of those young punks called me an old P.O.S. , I was pretty motivated , ” Sauter told motorsport.com . “ Very motivated , because the next morning I was on the treadmill running as fast as I could , and as hard as I could , lifting weights . My wife ( Courtney ) asked , ‘ What are you doing ? ' I replied , ‘ Do n't worry about it . '
“ I 'm at a point in my career where — not to sound arrogant or ignorant , but — mess with the bull and you get the horns . If someone wants to go toe-to-toe , I do n't care , let 's go . That 's how I feel . And if Ben Rhodes wants a piece of it , let 's go . ”
And Sauter was n't afraid to use the ‘ chrome ' horn last Friday night en route to their second win of the season at Chicagoland Speedway . “ I just ran into that ( expletive ) idiot , ” Sauter said over the radio after moving Noah Gragson out of the way . “ I did it on purpose . ”
When asked about using the bumper during the race , Sauter replied with a smile , “ Which time ? You have to be more specific . It 's racing . It 's a contact sport . Sometimes you get motivated by people like that . Not that I need motivation , but it was an exclamation . ”
Not surprisingly , when Rhodes was racing Sauter a little too aggressively , their crew chief , Eddie Troconis , came over the radio and warned their driver to “ chill out . '' Rhodes was on the playoff bubble entering Chicagoland and could n't afford to pick another fight with Sauter .
Provoking Sauter is a rookie move . The second-generation racer — and the 10th of 11 children — learned to defend themselves at a young age . They watched their father Jim race and win local track championships and two Artgo Challenge titles ( 1981-1982 ) while dabbling in NASCAR during their later years .
Sauter followed in their father 's footsteps . In their first full season in ASA , a series which helped launch the careers of Jimmie Johnson , Rusty Wallace and Mark Martin , Sauter , then 22 , scored a record 10 wins in 20 starts in 2001 . Their performance captured the attention of Richard Childress , who put Sauter in a car for five of the final eight races of what is now the Xfinity Series . Sauter finished fifth in their first start .
Sauter raced against their father and older brothers Jay and Tim in Jim 's final NXS race at the family 's home track — the Milwaukee Mile in 2002 . The elder Sauter was 59 . Two years later , they made their last NASCAR start in the truck series and finished 13th in the 36-truck field .
Johnny stayed in what was then the Busch Series for five years -- while also racing abbreviated Cup schedules for Childress and James Finch -- before aligning with Gene Haas in 2006 . They ran a full season of Cup at Haas CNC Racing in 2007 — and part of 2008 before finding a home in trucks the next year .
In nine full truck seasons , Sauter has finished outside of the top five in the standings twice — and never outside of the top 10 . He 's currently second in the standings , 15-points behind Christopher Bell .
Last weekend , Sauter had all the incentive they needed to put an old fashioned butt-whipping on the field at Chicagoland . They finished second in the first stage of the race , fourth in the second segment and beat Chase Briscoe to the line by more than two-seconds for their 15th-career Truck series win .
“ It was a pivotal night for us , obviously , as a company , GMS , ” Sauter said after their second win of the season . “ This was a brand-new truck that we ran earlier in the year at Iowa , GMS fabrication , all in house stuff . We kind of put it on jack stands until tonight — just to see where we were because we were so happy with it at Iowa .
“ The last restart was a pretty good one . I was able to dog the 4 truck ( Bell ) until they got loose , made a mistake , and I was able to capitalize on it . Proud of everybody at GMS , Chevy , Hendrick ( Motorsports ) horsepower , it was a good night . ”
Crew chief Joe Shear , who led the No . 21 GMS Racing team to its first title last year and has seven of their last 13 seasons in trucks working with Sauter on one team or another , is thrilled to see their driver getting hot with the playoffs starting this weekend at New Hampshire Motor Speedway .
“ This is the time you need to get your momentum going , ” Shear said after the win . “ You work the whole season to build your inventory — get your best pieces , get your best set-ups and get your momentum going on this mile-and-a-half and into the playoffs . ”
Sauter does n't believe a clear-cut favorite has emerged for the title . They do n't want to compare this year 's playoff with the inaugural truck Chase last year , because the top contenders have already faced an elimination-style championship run .
Although Sauter enjoys the most recent experience of winning the truck title , they do n't believe last year 's effort will be good enough over the final seven races .
“ I do n't want to compare it to last year , ” Sauter said . “ Honestly , I feel like this is a totally new deal . We have a tough row to hoe . It 's not going to be easy . Christopher Bell is having a great season . ( Matt ) Crafton is a veteran — a two-time champion . We have our work cut out for us , but I ca n't think of better race tracks coming up for us . We just have to execute , race hard and be smart .
“ You just have to race your heart and soul out . Things are either going to work out or they 're not . ”
Vonta Leach , the three-time Pro Bowl fullback released by the Baltimore Ravens last month , is expected to make a decision on Friday and is leaning towards re-signing with the Ravens , according to a person with knowledge of the situation .
That person spoke on the condition of anonymity because he 's not authorized to speak for Leach or their agent .
The Giants had expressed interest in Leach , a bruising blocker , in the wake of a knee injury suffered by starting fullback Henry Hynoski last month in minicamp . But their price tag was too high for the salary cap-strapped Giants , who offered only a veteran 's minimum contract .
In addition to Baltimore , the Dolphins and Texans are among the teams to have shown interest in Leach . They have played for Houston .
Leach , 31 , was scheduled to earn $ 3 million with the Ravens this season . They were released in May when the two sides could n't agree on a more cap-friendly deal but the lines of communication remained open .
Within days of their release , Leach visited the Dolphins , who were reportedly $ 17 million under the cap . They appeared headed there but talks stalled and discussions with the Ravens heated up .
The Giants , who report to training camp on Friday , are concerned about the recovery of Hynoski , who underwent surgery in June to repair the medial collateral ligament and a chip fracture to the lateral plateau in their left knee .
Although Hynoski is believed to be on schedule in their rehab , he 's expected to be sidelined most training camp . They may be placed on the Physically Unable to Perform list . If so , they would miss the first six weeks of the season .
We just got word from the EA server pipeline that an update is on its way , and what an update it will be ! ! Springfield 's most feared and loved , if that makes any sense , criminal Sideshow Bob is about to pounce on our Springfield 's . And he 's bringing backup by way of their family , the Terwilligers ! ! Tapped Out 's newest unique event is right around the corner and Homer 's New Year 's resolutions from 2014 is one step closer to being completed . We 're still pouring through the information at the moment so we 'll give you what we have . Find out what this criminal family is planning after the jump !
Terwilliger Event
As I said up front we 're still going through the information as we speak so all of the details are still not clear . What is clear is that Sideshow Bob is FINALLY coming to us as a playable character ! ! ! Along with Bob , all of their family and much , MUCH more come with him . I 'll just briefly list what is about to hit . We 'll work out the details shortly .
Characters
Sideshow Bob
Dame Judith Underdunk
Francesca Terwilliger
Gino Underdunk Terwilliger
Cecil Terwilliger
Dr. Robert
Pet Mutant Plant
Mutant Plant
Bob Clone
Mutant Seedling
This appears to be the event 's spawnable item . Like zombies , snakes , gremlins , etc .
Skins / Costumes
Opera Krusty
Captain Bob
Cost : 100 donuts
Buildings
Monsarno Research
Cost : Free
Outdoor Opera Stage
Cost : Free
Springwood Minimum Security Prison ( Cash Item )
Museum Of Swordfish
Cost : 70 donuts
Springfield Farmers Market
Cost : 60 donuts
Old Simpson Farm ( Cash Item )
Republican Party HQ
Cost : 90 donuts
Italian Villa
Cost : 150 donuts
Its A Wonderful Knife
Cost : 150 donuts
Gas And Go
Monsarno Library
Monsarno Chimp Resources
Monsarno Cafeteria
Monsarno Human Resources
Decorations
Monsarno Founder Statue
Willie 's Tractor
Cost : 35 donuts
Homer Decoy
Rake
Cost : 7 donuts
SPD Blimp
Welcomes Bob Sign
Five Corners
Cost : 70 donuts
Sani-John Smokehouse
Rolling Rock
Cost : 80 donuts
Cactus Patch
Cane Field
Outdoor Opera Seats
Outdoor Opera Ticket Booth
Monsarno Flower Wall
Simpsons Houseboat
Cost : 90 donuts
Herbicide Dispenser
Cost : Free
Phew ! ! What a ton of stuff . We will update this post as well as put out much more pertaining to this event . Looks like EA is on a mission to top themselves with each new event . Ca n't wait til this drops , and we hope you are as excited as we are . Stay tuned for LOTS more ! !
Mike S .
41 for Freedom refers to the US Navy Fleet Ballistic Missile ( FBM ) submarines from the George Washington , Ethan Allen , Lafayette , James Madison , and Benjamin Franklin classes . All of these submarines were commissioned 1959-1967 , as the goal was to create a credible , survivable sea-based deterrent as quickly as possible . These submarines were nicknamed `` 41 for Freedom '' once the goal of 41 nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines ( SSBNs ) was established in the early 1960s . The 1972 SALT I Treaty limited the number of American submarine-launched ballistic missile tubes to 656 , based on the total missile tubes of the forty-one submarines , in line with the treaty 's goal of limiting strategic nuclear weapons to the number already existing . [ 3 ]
Overview [ edit ]
The `` 41 for Freedom '' nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines ( SSBNs ) were armed with submarine-launched ballistic missiles ( SLBMs ) to create a deterrent force against the threat of nuclear war with any foreign power threatening the United States during the Cold War .
The United States had deployed nuclear weapons aboard submarines for the purpose of deterrence since 1959 , using the SSM-N-8 Regulus cruise missile . However , this was intended to act merely as a stop-gap , as the Regulus was limited both by its size - the greatest number of missiles capable of being taken to sea was five aboard USS Halibut - range and speed , as well as the fact that the submarine was required to surface to launch a missile . The intention was that the main element of the US Navy 's contribution to the strategic nuclear deterrent be a ballistic missile armed submarine .
The US Navy created a new submarine classification for these boats : SSBN . The first of the `` 41 for Freedom '' submarines to be completed was USS George Washington , which was commissioned on 30 December 1959 . The final boat to enter service was USS Will Rogers , which was commissioned on 1 April 1967 . These 41 were superseded by the submarines of the Ohio class 1980-1992 .
USS Kamehameha , operating as a SEAL platform in their later years , was decommissioned on 2 April 2002 , the last boat of the original `` 41 for Freedom '' submarines in commission , and the oldest submarine in the US Navy . Almost 37 years old , they held the record for the longest service lifetime of any nuclear-powered submarine . As of 2014 , two boats , USS Daniel Webster and USS Sam Rayburn , though decommissioned , continue to serve as moored training ships , attached to Naval Nuclear Power School at Charleston , South Carolina .
Submarines by Class [ edit ]
Class Completed Retired Preserved In Commission Polaris A1/A2 Polaris A3 Poseidon C3 Trident C4 Yes/No No . of
boats Yes/No No . of
boats Yes/No No . of
boats Yes/No No . of
boats George Washington 5 5 0 1959–1985 Y 5 Y 5 N 0 N 0 Ethan Allen 5 5 0 1961–1992 Y 5 Y 5 N 0 N 0 Lafayette 9 9 1 * 1963–1994 Y 9 Y 9 Y 9 N 0 James Madison 10 10 1 * 1964–1995 N 0 Y 10 Y 10 Y 6 Benjamin Franklin 12 12 0 1965–2002 N 0 Y 12 Y 12 Y 6
* Preserved as training vessels
Gallery [ edit ]
Weapons of the FBM submarines ( left to right ) : Polaris A1 , Polaris A2 , Polaris A3 , Poseidon , Trident I and Trident II
USS Halibut launches a Regulus missile - the limitations of the use of Regulus led to the development of the use of ballistic missiles from submarines
A Polaris A3 missile is launched from USS Robert E. Lee . The advent of Polaris allowed for a virtually undetectable launching platform , as the submarine no longer needed to surface to launch its weapons
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
From the Federation of American Scientists :
Being able to better control their daughter 's seizure with medical marijuana without having to worry about breaking the law is a huge relief to Angela Sharrer .
This New Oxford married mother of two is among the parents or caregivers in Pennsylvania who possess an approved `` Safe Harbor '' letter from the state Department of Health .
That letter permits them to obtain medical marijuana outside the state and legally possess it in Pennsylvania to administer to their child under the age of 18 who has one of 17 certified medical conditions , such as cancer , epilepsy , PTSD , assorted neurological and gastrointestinal disorders , chronic pain , sickle cell disease and autism .
The letters are valid through May 2018 , by which time Pennsylvania 's medical marijuana program is expected to be operational .
As of Thursday , health department spokesperson April Hutcheson said 294 Safe Harbor letters have gone out .
Sharrar applied for theirs as the caregiver for their 13-year-old daughter Annie , whose diagnosis includes intractable epilepsy and autism . Having this letter provides Sharrar with peace of mind knowing they can legally have the marijuana-based oil in their home to treat their daughter without worrying about being arrested .
`` It 's just really a nice umbrella to be under , '' they said , `` and know you 're legally covered in case something arises . ''
It also frees them up to talk openly to doctors and others who come in contact with their daughter about medical marijuana as part of Annie 's treatment .
Obtaining the `` Safe Harbor '' letter was simple , Sharrar said . They completed the forms on the health department 's website and obtained a criminal background check verifying they have no prior record of a drug offense .
`` I sent all that to the Department of Health and in two or three months I received the Safe Harbor letter , '' they said .
The Safe Harbor provision was put into Act 16 , the state law legalizing medical marijuana , to provide legal protection for parents who wanted access to medical cannabis to treat their child while waiting for dispensaries to open in this state .
`` If I did n't have Safe Harbor and was treating Annie with oil and was arrested in some county that does n't recognize that the law was passed , I would have a drug charge on my record , '' Sharrar said .
If that were to happen , that would make them ineligible to obtain a card as their daughter 's caregiver to buy the drug from a dispensary after they open up here .
Sharrar looks forward to that day .
The health department in June issued permits to 27 dispensaries , which are allowed to apply for up to three locations within their region . That will result in 52 dispensaries that will open initially around the state . Act 16 allows for an additional 23 permits , which could mean as many as 150 dispensaries eventually could open up in Pennsylvania .
Not only will it be more convenient to go to a dispensary to buy their daughter 's medical marijuana rather than having to get it through mail order , Sharrar also is eager to have more product options with different ratios of cannabidiol , or CBD - a non-intoxicating compound - and tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , that component that causes the high .
The mail-order company they use is only permitted to sell their hemp oil with a low THC content .
`` That really limits what you 're able to purchase , '' Sharrar said . `` So besides the convenience , you 'll have a lot more choice as far as products and [ CBD to THC ] ratios and you 'll be able to play around with more ratios that may or may not help with seizure control a little better . That 's the end goal - to have the least amount of seizures that you can have . ''
Sam Dyson threw the most iconic and consequential pitch of the Rangers ' 2015 season . Ranger fans already know what it is , and they should feel free to look away if the memory 's too painful . For everyone else , here you go :
Looking back , it makes sense that Dyson was on the mound for that moment . He 'd been the Rangers ' best reliever since they arrived in Texas at the trade deadline : a 1.15 ERA and a 7.5 K/BB ratio in a staggering 31.1 regular-season innings over two months , all while sporting the aggressive posture and Bloody Mary–colored beard of a Proven Closer .
But before they arrived in Texas , Dyson was just some dude , a hard-throwing righty with one really good pitch ( his sinker ) and good command in an era when such qualities are common among one-inning relievers . When we talk about relievers being fungible , the pre–July 2015 version of Dyson is what we 're talking about . The Blue Jays drafted them in the fourth round in 2010 , promoted them to the majors in 2012 for two-thirds of an inning , then lost them to the Marlins on waivers that offseason . Miami sent them down to the minors to learn how to start again , then junked that experiment and turned them back into a pretty good big league reliever . On July 31 , 2015 , Dyson had a 105 ERA+ over 97 innings with the Marlins in parts of three seasons , and Miami dumped them off to the Rangers for two guys nobody cares about .
It 's at this point that the Rangers took a look at that one good pitch and said , “ Hey , Sam , why do n't you just throw that ? ” In August 2015 , 78 percent of Dyson 's pitches were sinkers , up from 47 percent in the first four months of 2015 and 54 percent in 2014 . In fact , that 's what José Bautista hit out , a sinker that Dyson flattened out and left over the inside corner at crotch level . Nobody 's perfect .
Dyson 's sinker comes in at 95 or 96 miles an hour , and moves like they are the only big leaguer allowed to fill the ball with lead ballast before throwing it . Dyson 's posted a 186 ERA+ in 70.1 innings this year thanks in large part to that sinker , which he 's thrown more than half the time in 2016 . Since taking over as the Rangers closer in May , Dyson has saved 38 games .
Dyson 's sinker has made them a legitimate closer , and only 14 months after being a fungible middle reliever , he 's the leader of a Texas bullpen full of similar pitchers .
This year , the Rangers went 95–67 . They outperformed their run differential by 13 games , which is the biggest swing in either direction since the Mets underperformed their run differential by 14 games in 1993 , and the biggest positive swing since the Detroit Tigers outperformed their run differential by 14 games in 1905 , which was Ty Cobb 's rookie year , incidentally .
Whenever a team 's record is severely out of whack with its run differential , the most likely explanation is that when the team wins , it wins close games , but when it loses , it loses huge . Sure enough , the Rangers are 18–24 in games decided by five runs or more , but 36–11 in one-run games . Teams can run up a great record in one-run games for any number of reasons — superior tactical management , a dominant bullpen , or luck . The Rangers ' season has been so extreme that it 's probably a little bit of each , along with , I do n't know , are they building an artificial black hole somewhere in Dallas ? Would n't that affect the quantum whatever to change the odds of something ? I swear I saw it in Star Trek once .
Related MLB Playoff X Factors
On aggregate , the Rangers bullpen has n't even been that good . It 's 25th in ERA- , 29th in strikeout rate , 30th in whiff rate , and 21st in strand rate . This ai n't exactly Wetteland and Rivera we 're talking about .
But aggregate does n't tell the whole story , because this is very much not the bullpen Texas was supposed to go into the season with . Dyson deposed Shawn Tolleson as closer after Tolleson posted an ERA of 10.12 at the end of May . Tolleson , Luke Jackson , and former Mariners closer Tom Wilhelmsen combined to charge 71 runs to the Rangers ' account in only 69.1 innings , while Dyson , Tony Barnette , and Matt Bush allowed only 53 runs in 192.1 innings . The latter trio , along with midseason acquisition Jeremy Jeffress and lefties Álex Claudio and Jake Diekman , will be pitching the high-leverage innings for Texas this postseason .
Since the All-Star break — by which point Tolleson had become a mop-up guy en route to the 60-day DL , Jackson was in Double-A ( he was recalled on Monday ) , and Wilhelmsen had been released — the Rangers bullpen is fifth in ERA- and fourth in WPA , using mostly castoffs and afterthoughts to get there .
Of those six key relievers , only Claudio , a 27th-round pick in 2010 , was with the team before last July . Diekman and Jeffress were throw-ins in trades that brought over Cole Hamels and Jonathan Lucroy , respectively . Barnette , a 32-year-old rookie , is just now back from six years in Japan . And then there 's Bush .
A former no . 1 overall pick who converted to relief , Bush is a little more than a year removed from 39 months in prison on three felony charges related to a drunken hit-and-run that nearly killed a motorcyclist . Bush has mostly stayed out of the headlines this year , though their story surfaced again when Jeffress was themselves arrested for DWI in August and spent three weeks in an inpatient rehab center before returning to the team for the last week of the season . ( Out of consideration for Bush and Jeffress , the Rangers started their celebration for winning the division by spraying ginger ale instead of alcohol . )
Everyone in the Texas bullpen throws hard , but they 're not big on strikeouts . Of those six key relievers , only Diekman struck out more than a batter an inning . Dyson 's K/9 ratio of 7.0 is below average for any pitcher , and practically unheard of for an elite closer in this day and age . This year , 22 pitchers recorded 20 or more saves , and Dyson ranks 19th among them in strikeout rate . One of the three pitchers who trails them is Jeffress .
Instead , the Rangers bullpen does two things particularly well : ( 1 ) It has great control ; only Diekman walked more than 2.9 batters per nine innings this year . ( 2 ) It 's better than any other bullpen in the game at keeping the ball on the ground . Dyson , Jeffress , and Claudio all had ground ball rates north of 60 percent this year , which puts the ball in the hands of the excellent defensive infield of Elvis Andrus , Adrián Beltré , and Rougned Odor . It 's a clear path to victory , if not the most popular one at the moment .
Related The Rangers Might Have the Best Hitting Prospect in Baseball
Here 's the catch : I have no idea how much the Rangers ' new-model , ground ball–heavy bullpen can account for that 13-game gap , or how that unit ( among which only Diekman and Dyson have playoff experience ) will hold up in October . I like that it 's a deep group , and that Barnette is used to multiple-inning stints , because after Hamels and Yu Darvish , the Rangers rotation gets bleak quickly . I also like that even though Dyson and Jeffress have sizable platoon splits , manager Jeff Banister has two tough lefties to call on .
The Rangers have a lot going for them — Hamels and Darvish , a patient lineup stacked top to bottom with power hitters — but they do n't have anything as impactful as Boston 's lineup or Chicago 's rotation . Instead , there 's a significant chance that this postseason will be decided the same way last year 's was : Will the infield defense hold up well enough for Dyson 's ground ball–heavy strategy to work ? Or will they flatten out a belt-high sinker to the wrong guy at the wrong time ?
KIEV ( Reuters ) - Ukrainian officials , security monitors and Kiev 's foreign backers warned on Wednesday that Moscow 's decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine .
Russian military officers serving at the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination ( JCCC ) march in the town of Soledar , Ukraine December 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Oleksandr Klymenko
On Monday , the Russian foreign ministry said it was recalling officers serving at the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination ( JCCC ) in Ukraine , accusing the Ukrainian side of obstructing their work and limiting access to the front line .
Ukrainian Defence Minister Stepan Poltorak and security chief Olekshandr Turchynov said the decision , coupled with a recent surge in fighting in the eastern Donbass region , suggested Russia had switched to a more offensive strategy .
“ We can not rule out that they withdrew their officers in order to start stepping up not only military provocations but also military operations , ” Turchynov said . “ We will strengthen our positions at the front . ”
“ The Ukrainian armed forces are currently prepared for a change in the situation , ” Poltorak told journalists .
A Russia-backed separatist insurgency erupted in 2014 and the bloodshed has continued despite a ceasefire that was meant to end the conflict . More than 10,000 people have been killed , with casualties reported on a near-daily basis .
A spokesperson for the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which works with the JCCC to monitor the much-violated Minsk peace agreement , said :
“ We are concerned about any step that might lead to a further deterioration of the security situation in the region , affecting both the SMM ( OSCE special monitoring mission ) and the civilian population . ”
Fighting between Ukrainian troops and separatists has climbed to the worst level in months , the OSCE said this week , after the shelling of a frontline village wounded civilians and destroyed or damaged dozens of homes .
Russia denies accusations from Ukraine and NATO it supports the rebels with troops and weapons , but the U.S. envoy to peace talks , Kurt Volker , said Moscow was answerable for the violence .
“ Russia withdrew its officers from JCCC - a ceasefire implementation tool - right before a massive escalation in ceasefire violations . Ukraine just suffered some of the worst fighting since February , 2017 . Decision for peace lies with Russia , ” Volker tweeted on Tuesday .
Germany and France , which have spearheaded international efforts to resolve the conflict , expressed concern . A Germany foreign ministry spokesperson said “ it could have severe consequences for civilians in the conflict zones . ”
“ We call on the Russian authorities to reconsider this decision and hope that the Ukrainian authorities will guarantee access to Ukrainian territory to Russian representatives of the joint center ( JCCC ) , ” said Alexandre Giorgini , deputy spokesperson for the French foreign ministry .
Created in 2014 , the JCCC is made up of Ukrainian and Russian officers , who are meant to work together to ensure the safety of OSCE monitors and help implement the Minsk ceasefire .
You have a 1 in 9.2 quintillion chance of winning !
Photo by NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/GettyImages
This post originally appeared in Business Insider .
Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway and Dan Gilbert 's Quicken Loans are partnering to award $ 1 billion to anyone who fills out a perfect 2014 Men 's NCAA Tournament bracket .
The prize will be paid out in 40 annual installments of $ 25 million . If there 's more than one winner , they 'll have to share . The winner or winners can also take or split up an immediate $ 500 million lump-sum payment .
“ It is our mission to create amazing experiences for our clients . This contest , with the possibility of creating a billionaire , definitely fits that bill , ” Jay Farner , president and chief marketing officer of Quicken Loans , said in a statement . They added : “ We 've seen a lot of contests offering a million dollars for putting together a good bracket , which got us thinking , what is the perfect bracket worth ? We decided a billion dollars seems right for such an impressive feat . ”
In addition to the grand prize , Quicken will award $ 100,000 each to the contest 's 20 most accurate “ imperfect ” brackets submitted by qualified entrants in the contest to use toward buying , refinancing , or remodeling a home . Quicken will also donate $ 1 million to inner-city Detroit and Cleveland nonprofits . Quicken is based in Detroit , but Gilbert owns the Cleveland Cavaliers and the city 's Horseshoe Casino .
The odds are not ideal—a 1 in 9.2 quintillion chance . But it costs nothing to fill out , so you should probably do it . The contest starts March 3 , and March Madness kicks off March 18 .
See also : The Simplest Explanation for Wall Street Greed We 've Ever Heard
The Red Pill
Netzfrauen – Protest mit bewusster , bösartiger Fehlinformation
Die Zensurbestrebungen und Falschdarstellungen von Fernsehbeiträgen und Filmen durch Feministinnen werden immer deutlicher . Diesmal fahren die Netzfrauen schwere Geschütze gegen den Film The Red Pill von Cassie Jaye auf .
Mit einer Schlagzeile , die selbst der Bild zu übertrieben wäre , titeln die Netzfrauen :
Hier sind die ersten Schlagwörter aus dem rhetorischen feministischen Standardprogramm :
Frauenfeindlich
Frauenhasser
Die Netzfrauen schießen also schon im Titel vorbei . Es geht im Film um die Belange von Männern , die keinerlei Beachtung finden und als Argumente von frauenfeindlichen Frauenhassern dargestellt werden . Die Netzfrauen bestätigen dies mit ihrem Artikel .
Das grundsätzliche männerhassende Problem von Feministinnen ist es , dass es bereits frauenhassend ist , wenn man auf die Probleme von Männern hinweist . Genau hier liegt der Grund begraben , warum Feminismus nichts mit Humanismus und Menschenrechten zu tun hat . Wie sagte schon Hillary Clinton ? Women 's rights are human rights . Frauenrechte sind die Menschenrechte und daher ist kein Raum für die Rechte der anderen Hälfte der Weltbevölkerung .
Mit bewusster Falschinformation zum feministischen Ziel
Es werden lustig Begriffe ins Spiel gebracht , die mit dem Film überhaupt gar nichts zu tun haben . Die Netzfrauen sprechen von Vergewaltigungen und von Pickup-Artists . Es geht nur nicht ums Thema . Es geht nicht darum , dass Männerrechte in der Gesellschaft vernachlässigt werden .
Ein Absatz bei dem einen aufgrund der fürchterlichen Propaganda , die man durchaus im Schulunterricht als Beispiel einsetzen könnte :
Vergewaltigungen als Sport von Männern scheint ein riesiger Boom zu sein , der auch hier nach Europa schwappt und unterstützt wird , dies ausgerechnet von einer ehemaligen Feministin . Der Pickup-Künstler Julien Blancs hält immer noch Seminare und zwar auch auf Youtube . Während er in vielen Ländern ein Einreiseverbot hat , können sich die „ Frauenhasser “ im Netz weiterbilden , allen Protesten zum Trotz .
Ich war schon immer weit hinter den aktuellen Moden . Allerdings ist mir nicht bewusst , dass Vergewaltigungen ein boomender Sport bei Männern sind . Vielleicht sieht man es anders , wenn man die Refugees-Welcome-Brille ablegt . Der westliche Mann allerdings hat diese Sportart nicht für sich entdeckt . Ein Mann würde bei Vergewaltigung auch niemals von Sport sprechen , Feministinnen tun es .
Was der „ Pickup-Künstler Julien Blancs “ mit dem Film zu tun haben soll , die Netzfrauen werden uns diese Antwort schuldig bleiben . Mich persönlich hat dieser Mensch nie interessiert ; mit Pickup allerdings die von Männern für sich gefordertetn Menschenrechte zu verknüpfen ist bösartig . Beim Pickup geht es darum , Männern den Zugang – auch sexuell – zu Frauen zu erleichtern . Man kann über Pickup diskutieren und auch streiten – mit dem Film hat es allerdings nichts zu tun .
Das Fazit der Netzfrauen sagt einiges aus
Fazit : Frauen sind Produkte , die der Männerwelt zu Füßen liegen müssen . Oder wie auch schon der Pickup-Künstler Julien Blanc beschreibt : „ Männer nehmt sie euch , ich sage euch , wie es geht. “
Im Fazit ist nichts zu finden , das im Zusammenhang mit dem Film steht zu finden . Es geht darum , einen Film in dem es um eine Männerrechtsbewegung geht , vorab schlecht zu machen . Es wird deutlich : Feminismus ist gegen die Menschenrechte der Männer .
Die Netzfrauen und Medienfrauen kennen sich in der Misandrie aus
n-24 urteilt über die Netzfrauen :
Das alarmistische Blog „ Netzfrauen “ , das schlecht bis gar nicht recherchiert , fremde Inhalte plagiiert , und auf Kritik reagiert – wie ein Kind in der Trotzphase .
Nicht nur den Netzfrauen sind Rechte für Männer ein Dorn im Auge . Gestern berichtete ich über den Negativpreis für einen Filmbeitrag , der auch Menschen rund um Faktum/NICHT-Feminist Berlin gezeigt hat .
Auch in diesem Beitrag ging es an keiner Stelle darum , überhaupt eine Frau schlecht zu machen . Wenn es um häusliche Gewalt durch Frauen gegen Männer geht , macht nicht der Mann die Frau schlecht . Lediglich die gewalttätige Frau macht sich selbst schlecht . Im Gegensatz zu Frauen liegt es den Männern nicht daran , ein ganzes Geschlecht zu dämonisieren .
Wir haben mehrfach auf den Film hingewiesen :
Der Artikel zur „ Sauren Gurke „ , verliehen von den Medienfrauen
Das Fazit bei Faktum
Für Feministinnen ist es ein Problem , Männern zuzugestehen , dass sie auch ein Anrecht auf die Betrachtung und Durchsetzung ihrer Rechte haben . Der Wunsch des Mannes , das auch seine Rechte endlich in den Fokus der Gesellschaft kommen , wird mit wirren Spinnereien über Pickup und den „ boomenden Sport der Vergewaltigungen von Männern “ beantwortet . Dabei ist man allerdings völlig verblödet und packte den Clip zum Film unter den Beitrag . Wer sich diesen Clip ansieht , bemerkt schnell worum es wirklich in dem Film geht .
The Red Pill : Netzfrauen – hierbei handelt es sich um einen Film , bei dem es um die Rechte von Männern geht . Es geht nicht um Vergewaltigung oder Frauenhass . Es geht darum , dass die Geschlechter friedlich miteinander leben .
Die Netzfrauen bestätigen in ihrem Artikel eine Aussage des Films :
Männer , die auf diese Dinge aufmerksam machen , werden zu „ frauenhassenden Frauenfeinden “ in einer widerlichen , männerhassenden Art gemacht .
[ separator style_type= “ shadow “ top_margin= “ 40″ bottom_margin= “ 40″ sep_color= “ “ icon= “ “ width= “ “ class= “ “ id= “ “ ]
Ein Dank geht an inversionsuicide .
( vielen Dank für den Hinweis auf The Red Pill : Netzfrauen )
Gefällt mir : Gefällt mir Wird geladen ...
By Christina Yantsides
The King County Board of Health ( BOH ) All-Ages Bicycle Helmet Law requires that anyone riding a bicycle , regardless of age , must wear a helmet ( for more on the history and specifics of the law , read this ) . Public Health is a strong supporter of helmet laws , which are an important strategy to prevent serious injury and death from bicycle crashes . The bike law has been the source of much discussion , with some applauding it and some bemoaning it . A recently published study in the Journal of Community Health found supporting evidence that the All-Ages Bicycle Helmet Law has actually helped improve bicycle safety – without decreasing ridership . This new study is consistent with previous reports showing benefits from helmet use .
So what are the recent Journal of Community Health study findings ?
When comparing the time periods before ( 2000-2002 ) and after ( 2004-2010 ) the Bicycle Helmet Law , the helmet study results showed the following ;
A reduction in bicycle-related fatalities . In Seattle and King County , there were a total of 35 bicycle-related fatalities from 2000 to 2010 . Before the law was passed there was an average of nearly 5 fatalities per year compared to 3 fatalities per year after the law was passed . While not solely attributable to the bicycle helmet law , the bicycle helmet law was an important contributing factor in reducing bicycle-related fatalities .
In Seattle and King County , there were a total of 35 bicycle-related fatalities from 2000 to 2010 . Before the law was passed there was an average of nearly 5 fatalities per year compared to 3 fatalities per year after the law was passed . While not solely attributable to the bicycle helmet law , the bicycle helmet law was an important contributing factor in reducing bicycle-related fatalities . A significant decrease in bicycle-related major head trauma . While there was no change in the number of bicyclists with overall head trauma , researchers found a 19 % decrease in major head trauma as a proportion of all bicycle-related head trauma in Seattle after the law was passed . This means many serious head injuries may have been prevented all together by helmet use .
While there was no change in the number of bicyclists with overall head trauma , researchers found a in major head trauma as a proportion of all bicycle-related head trauma in Seattle after the law was passed . This means many serious head injuries may have been prevented all together by helmet use . Elimination of helmet-preventable fatalities among children . The study findings suggest that children have also benefited since the bicycle helmet law went into effect . Since 2005 , there have been no bicycle-related helmet-preventable fatalities for children ( those under age 18 ) . This is increasingly important as we continue to promote bicycling and bicycle safety in Seattle and the rest of Washington state through various efforts , including the Seattle Bicycle Master Plan , Child Death Review , Seattle 's Vision Zero and Washington State 's Target Zero .
The study findings suggest that children have also benefited since the bicycle helmet law went into effect . Since 2005 , there have been . This is increasingly important as we continue to promote bicycling and bicycle safety in Seattle and the rest of Washington state through various efforts , including the Seattle Bicycle Master Plan , Child Death Review , Seattle 's Vision Zero and Washington State 's Target Zero . No evidence of decrease in ridership . The study findings dispel the notion held by a few residents that mandatory helmet laws decrease bicycle ridership and prevent people from riding bicycles . While data is not available for ridership and helmet use for the entire City or County , there is an increase in the incidence of all bicycle-related trauma , which likely indicates an increase in ridership . It is unlikely that this increase in trauma is due to an increase in injuries per rider as , in addition to the helmet legislation , there have been environmental and infrastructure changes implemented in both Seattle and King County aimed at encouraging bicycling as well as increasing bicycle safety .
Maximizing bicycle safety and promoting health through physical activity for all requires a multi-pronged approach . In addition to continuing to promote and increase helmet use , other important elements include improving and designing roads for users other than cars , including bicycles as well as transit users and pedestrians . Reducing speed limits is yet another approach to promote bicycle and pedestrian safety . Seattle is paving the way ̶ just last month the Seattle City Council approved lowering the speed limits from 30 mph to 25 mph on many downtown streets and from 25 mph to 20 mph on residential streets .
And , while helmets can be an extra financial burden , agencies throughout King County provide low-cost or free bicycle helmets . Check out Public Health 's list of where to get free or low-cost bike helmets and fitting assistance in King County .
Christina is a proponent of bicycle safety and health equity and works within the Violence and Injury Prevention team at Public Health – Seattle and King County .
Featured photo via Flickr .
Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney and British foreign secretary Boris Johnson have offered conflicting views on when the issue of the Northern Irish Border should be addressed in the Brexit negotiations .
The remarks from the two ahead of their meeting in Dublin on Friday highlight the opposing views of the governments and the impasse between the sides on how to proceed with talks on the UK 's withdrawal from the European Union and the aim of avoiding a hard Border on the island of Ireland .
The EU and the UK are at loggerheads over the Brexit “ divorce ” bill that is still being discussed after six rounds of negotiations during the first phase for talks , which London is keen to see the talks move on from next month in order to focus on a future trading relationship .
Speaking in Iveagh House on their first visit to Dublin since being appointed foreign secretary in July 2016 , Mr Johnson told reporters the Border should be dealt with in the second phase of negotiations between the UK and the EU .
However , Mr Coveney said the matter should be addressed in the first phase of the talks .
Mr Johnson repeated the British government 's desire to avoid a hard Border , saying that “ everybody recognises the unique circumstances ” on the island .
“ Everybody understands the difficulties that that Border poses and nobody wants to see a return to a hard Border . We must work on it and we have got to work on it together , ” they said .
Proceed to second stage
Mr Johnson said to resolve those issues , negotiations between London and Brussels must move on to the issue of trade . “ In order to resolve those issues and get it right for our peoples , it is necessary now to move on to the second stage of the negotiations which really entail so many of the questions that are bound up the Border issue , ” they said .
Mr Coveney said all parties wanted to move on to second phase but added : “ We are not in a place right now that allows us to do that . ”
They noted there were 38,000 businesses in Ireland that trade with the UK every week and that they needed “ certainty ” and to hear politicians talk about trade and future relationships .
“ But we also have very serious issues in phase one and in the Good Friday Agreement and the peace process that need more clarity than we currently have , ” they said .
“ And so we will have an opportunity to maybe tease through some of those issues but I think there is a lot of good faith on both sides . ”
A EU paper leaked last week suggested Northern Ireland would in effect have to remain in the customs union and the single market in order to avoid a hard Border post-Brexit , a position aligned to the Irish Government 's view .
This proposal has been rejected by the British government .
Mr Coveney and Mr Johnson differed too on the duration of the transitional arrangements around Brexit ; the Irish side believe the UK needs a period of up to five years after quitting the EU in March 2019 , the UK side believes it should be two .
‘ Fast as possible '
Mr Johnson said that their government wanted to move “ as fast as possible to the meat of the negotiations ” and the conversation around around all of UK 's borders with the EU , including the Irish Border .
Mr Coveney said that from the Irish viewpoint all parties were “ in the meat of the negotiations right now on certain issues ” and wanted to move on to “ the meat of negotiations on trade ” but more clarity was required .
The fundamental change in relations between the EU and the UK resulting from Brexit meant that people needed time and space to plan in an “ orderly and managed ” way , they said , and that it would take time for new trading relationships to be put in place between the UK and the rest of the world .
“ It is going to take a number of years to finalise the detail of that , ” they said . “ I think the appropriate timetable is close to four or five years than to two . ”
They acknowledged that there was “ somewhat of an impasse here ” but that in the absence of a “ credible roadmap ” to avoid a hard Border “ from an Irish perspective , there is a sense of jumping into the dark here . ”
Mr Johnson rejected any suggestion that the British government was constrained in the negotiations on the Border because of its reliance on the Democratic Unionist Party to remain in power in Westminster .
“ Not at all - that is not the issue , ” they said . “ The issue really is how do we proceed as fast as possible with the substance of the negotiations which as I say really dictate some of the unravelling of the intellectual problem that surround all borders between the UK and the rest of the EU . ”
In a moment of levity , Mr Coveney said that they did not think they and Mr Johnson would be able to resolve all of the issues during their talks , nor were they going to try .
Their British counterpart agreed , but added : “ I would n't put it past us . ”
In their opening remarks , Mr Johnson spoke warmly of the business and EU peacekeeping ties between Ireland and the UK and about their “ many happy afternoons in my youth ” spent in Dublin and their sampling of Irish stout on their world travels .
“ In Nigeria I was lucky enough to drink Guinness and I wo n't say that it was brewed by the waters of the Liffey but culturally and spiritually it plainly derived from Ireland like so many other great things around the world , ” they said .
Seventy-two people died after a huge fire engulfed Grenfell Tower , a west London residential tower block , in the early hours of Wednesday , 14 June 2017 .
What happened ?
More than 200 firefighters and 40 fire engines responded to the fire at the 24-storey block in North Kensington , after it was reported at 00:54 BST ( 23:54 GMT ) .
It took until 01:14 BST the following day to get it under control , with the fire destroying 151 homes , both in the tower and surrounding areas .
How many victims were there ?
Seventy-two people died in the fire , including baby Logan Gomes , who was stillborn in hospital on 14 June after their parents escaped the tower block , and Maria Del Pilar Burton , 74 , who died in January 2018 .
They had been in hospital since being rescued from the 19th floor .
The Metropolitan Police say 350 people should have been in the tower block on the night of the blaze . Fourteen residents were not in the building at the time .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage shows the extent of damage
Sixty-five people were rescued by the fire brigade . But a BBC investigation found a series of failings hampered the efforts of firefighters to tackle the fire and rescue the building 's residents .
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said fire crews only managed to reach the 12th floor at the height of the fire .
There were claims from within the local community - and by celebrities such as Lily Allen and rapper Akala - that the true death toll was being suppressed by the media .
What caused the fire ?
The fire started in a Hotpoint fridge freezer on the fourth floor . Police say it was not started deliberately .
Footage has shown the fire spreading up one side of the building externally , before engulfing the entire block .
A subsequent investigation said the Hotpoint FF175B model posed a `` low risk '' and did not need modifications .
No product recall was required , the investigation concluded , and consumers have been advised they can carry on using the model as normal .
The helpline for owners of the Hotpoint model is 0800 316 3826 or visit the Hotpoint website .
What about the cladding ?
Image copyright Reuters
Flammable cladding - installed on Grenfell Tower in a recent renovation - is thought to have contributed to the rapid spread of the fire .
Both the cladding and insulation on the outside of the building failed all preliminary tests by the police . The insulation samples burned more quickly than the cladding tiles .
Documents obtained by the BBC suggest the cladding fitted during its refurbishment was changed to a cheaper version .
They show the zinc cladding originally proposed was replaced with an aluminium type , which was less fire resistant , saving nearly £300,000 .
Cladding can create cavities which in some cases can cause a chimney effect , drawing flames up the cavity if there are no fire barriers .
The Department for Communities and Local Government said composite aluminium panels with a polyethylene core should not be used as cladding on buildings over 18m high .
Engineering and manufacturing company Arconic later said one of its products , Reynobond PE ( polyethylene ) - an aluminium composite material - was `` used as one component in the overall cladding system '' of Grenfell Tower .
What do we know about Grenfell Tower ?
Grenfell Tower , North Kensington 127 flats
24 storeys
20 residential levels
4 mixed levels of community areas and residential flats
2016 refurbishment completed AFP
Grenfell Tower was built in 1974 by Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council .
An £8.6m refurbishment - which was part of a wider transformation of the estate - was completed by Rydon Construction in May 2016 . Work included new exterior cladding , replacement windows and a communal heating system .
There was also extensive remodelling of the bottom four floors , creating seven additional homes , and improvements to communal facilities .
Plans for the development show how the building was modified and the single stairway .
Rydon said it was `` shocked to hear of the devastating fire '' , adding that the work met `` all required building regulations '' .
The tower was managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation ( KCTMO ) on behalf of the council .
Had there been safety concerns about the tower ?
Image copyright Reuters
The Grenfell Action Group had claimed , before and during the refurbishment , that the block constituted a fire risk and residents had warned that access to the site for emergency vehicles was `` severely restricted '' .
In February 2013 residents warned fire safety equipment , including fire extinguishers , had not been tested for 12 months .
KCTMO said it was aware that concerns had been raised historically by residents and they would form part of its investigations .
The tower block was given a medium fire risk rating - defined as a normal fire risk - in 2016 following completion of the refurbishment by the London Fire Brigade and Kensington and Chelsea Council .
The council insisted the block had been regularly inspected .
The fire safety advice for Grenfell Tower residents was to `` stay put '' - unless the fire was affecting their own flat .
This is because tower block flats are built as a fire-resistant box , completely surrounded by fire-resisting construction from the rest of the building .
What did witnesses say ?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption London fire : Families threw children out of Grenfell Tower to safety
Witnesses said they saw people trapped inside the burning building screaming for help and shouting for their children to be saved .
Some said they saw lights - thought to be mobile phones or torches - flashing at the top of the block of flats , and trapped residents coming to their windows , some holding children .
Witness Jody Martin said : `` I watched one person falling out , I watched another woman holding their baby out the window ... hearing screams . ''
Tiago Etienne , 17 , saw small children being thrown out of the building from as high as the 15th floor . But doubt has been raised as to whether any children were thrown from the building .
Christos Fairbairn , 41 , a resident on the 15th floor , told the BBC how they managed to brave the toxic smoke and make their way out of the burning building .
What happened in the immediate aftermath of the fire ?
Image copyright AFP
Dozens of people stormed Kensington and Chelsea Town Hall demanding more support for the fire 's survivors .
Prime Minister Theresa May was criticised for their reaction to the fire , and they told the House of Commons that the official response had `` not been good enough '' .
Kensington and Chelsea council 's chief executive , Nicholas Holgate and council leader Nick Paget-Brown resigned amid criticism over the handling of the tragedy .
The chief executive of Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation , the council 's arms-length body which manages the tower , stepped down to `` concentrate on assisting with the investigation and inquiry '' , before quitting six months later .
What about the public inquiry ?
Image copyright PA Image caption Sir Martin Moore-Bick is leading the Grenfell Tower Inquiry
A public inquiry , led by retired judge Sir Martin Moore-Bick , is taking place . The formal opening of the Inquiry took place on 14 September 2017 and the first procedural hearing on 10 and 11 December 2017 .
Commemoration hearings - where families can pay tribute to their loved ones who died - begin on 21 May 2018 .. Other hearings will take place throughout the summer and into September .
The inquiry is looking at the adequacy of regulations , the tower 's refurbishment , and the response of authorities in the aftermath .
In May , the government agreed that two experts will sit with Sir Martin , following pressure from campaigners .
The new panel will join the second phase of the inquiry , which is not expected to begin until after December .
What about other tower blocks ?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption People were evacuated from tower blocks in north London in the aftermath of the fire
A survey in the aftermath of the fire identified 228 other buildings where cladding failed safety tests .
Residents were evacuated from four blocks on the Chalcots Estate in Swiss Cottage , north London , with five buildings failing cladding tests .
In May 2018 , the government announced a £400m operation to remove dangerous cladding from tower blocks owned by councils and housing associations .
A consultation on banning flammable cladding on high-rise buildings was announced in May - on the same day an independent review stopped short of recommending such a move .
Instead , the review recommended a `` radical rethink '' of building safety regulations - including tougher penalties for those who breach the rules .
Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
This article is about the 1955 film . For the 2001 film , see The Fast and the Furious ( 2001 film )
Full movie
The Fast and the Furious are a 1955 American B movie crime film from a story written by Roger Corman and screenplay by Jean Howell and Jerome Odlum . The film stars John Ireland and Dorothy Malone . Ireland also served as the film 's co-director . The Fast and the Furious was the first film produced for the American International Pictures company .
Plot [ edit ]
Charged with a murder they did not commit , truck driver Frank Webster ( John Ireland ) has broken out of jail . While on the run , and the subject of radio news reports , they are cornered in a small coffee shop by a zealous citizen who is suspicious of the stranger . Frank manages to escape and , as they get away , kidnaps a young woman named Connie ( Dorothy Malone ) .
Frank drives off with Connie in their Jaguar sports car . They soon proves a difficult hostage , trying to escape a few times , which leads them to treat them more roughly than they both would prefer . This mutual struggle soon leads the two to fall in love .
Continuing to elude police , the couple slips into a cross-border sports car race , which Frank plans to take advantage of in order to escape into Mexico . Faber ( Bruce Carlisle ) , one of Connie 's friends , is wary of the new stranger driving their car and tries to find out more about Frank .
During the race , Frank gives up their chance to escape by coming to the aid of Faber who has crashed . Out of sympathy for Frank and a desire to be with him , Connie informs the police of their plan to reach Mexico so they might face trial and be acquitted . At the last moment , Frank also decides it is better to turn themselves in and somehow find a future with Connie . The race ends with their imminent capture by the police .
Cast [ edit ]
John Ireland as Frank Webster
Dorothy Malone as Connie Adair
Bruce Carlisle as Faber
Iris Adrian as Wilma Belding
Snub Pollard as a park caretaker
Production [ edit ]
The working title of The Fast and the Furious was Crashout . [ 4 ]
The film was shot in 10 days . Corman says they `` ... set up a little of the racing car business because I was interested in that , and I did some of the second unit stuff . But I did n't direct as such . `` [ 5 ] The deal that Corman set up included having the local Jaguar dealer donate their cars as well as having scenes take place at the Monterey race track . Most of the exteriors were shot around Malibu and Point Dume , California . Corman also subbed as a driver in the second of the Jaguar XK120 race cars . [ 6 ]
After weighing offers from Columbia , Allied and Republic , Corman made a deal for The Fast and the Furious to be picked up for distribution by a new company , American Releasing Corporation . [ 7 ] It later became American International Pictures . [ 8 ]
Corman says that Ireland only appeared in the film on the condition they could direct it . `` John did a fine job directing on a nine-day shoot with a budget of $ 50,000 , '' said Corman later . [ 6 ] After having to operate as a second unit cinematographer and director , Corman realized they wanted to direct . [ 6 ] `` It was after that film that I decided to become a director . '' Corman also said that Dorothy Malone `` had left their agent and , having no work , accepted a part for next to nothing . `` [ 9 ]
Reception [ edit ]
Film critic Leonard Maltin dismissed The Fast and the Furious as laboured by `` ... uninspired romantic interludes and cops-on-the-chase sequences ... '' [ 10 ] CEA Film called the film , `` a modest second feature . `` [ 11 ]
Legacy [ edit ]
Producer Neal H. Moritz and Universal Pictures licensed the title for 2001 's The Fast and the Furious . Moritz had difficulty choosing between proposed titles Racer X , Redline , Race Wars , and Street Wars , and was inspired by a documentary on American International Pictures that included Corman 's film . Moritz was able to trade the use of some stock footage to Corman for use of the title . [ 12 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
I received some amazing gifts from my Santa today ! !
After getting a message , I knew they had really read what I had written and taken the fact that I love cute things to heart . I just did n't realize just how amazing this gift would be !
What I got were three different gifts . You 're spoiling me here , Santa !
First , a crocheted , stuffed Charmander ( my favorite starter ! ) amigurumi keychain ( which I collect ! ) . Is n't they darling ? ! There 's even a little flame on him ! I LOVE stuffed plushies , and I actually dabbled in amigurumi back in college so I let out a little squeal when I saw this cute little guy .
Next , a Pokémon Academy notebook from Comic Con ( my brother went too but they did n't bring me back such a cute little souvenir ! ) . I 've seen the Pokémon Art Academy ads around but never got around to downloading it on my 3DS so this makes me interested in it . I 'm guessing the game will help teach you how to draw Pokémon , like that cute little Pikachu on the cover !
And then lastly , the piece de resistance -- a hand-drawn , hand-painted picture of my other two favorite Pokémon -- Slowpoke and Psyduck ! I consider Slowpoke my spirit animal and this painting totally made my entire day , hell , my entire month ! This painting is seriously AMAZING ! I 'm so lucky my Santa is so talented !
And not only that , but on each different gift , there were handwritten notes explaining each of them ! I 've never had a Santa go to such lengths for me before , or one who really took my likes to heart . I 'm so very grateful ! THANK YOU SO MUCH ! ! !
Seriously , this was the best exchange EVER !
Rachel Maddow spent about half of their Friday show on the controversy surrounding Rush Limbaugh 's incendiary comments about Sandra Fluke and contraception , and while lamenting their words about the law student , they told their viewers that the important part about Limbaugh 's attacks was that they appeared not to understand how birth control works .
Limbaugh 's statements -- they have called Fluke a `` slut '' and a `` prostitute '' and wondered why they are having `` so much sex '' since they want their insurance policy to cover birth control , among other things -- have been major targets of cable outrage in recent days . Maddow joined in on that outrage , but said that Limbaugh was intentionally trying to rile people up . They opined that the more revealing thing was that a man who is having so much sway in a debate about contraception is seemingly woefully ignorant about what it actually is .
`` Sometimes people are being mean because the fact that they do n't understand something makes them angry , '' they said . `` I think Rush Limbaugh does n't know what birth control is . I think they do n't understand what he 's talking about . ''
They played clips of Limbaugh saying that Fluke and their friends were `` going broke '' because the amount of sex they were having was costing them so much in pills .
`` I think that Rush Limbaugh thinks you take a birth control pill to avoid getting pregnant each time you have sex , so the more times you have sex the more birth control pills you need , '' Maddow said , going on to point out that this is decidedly not how birth control works .
`` You just take one pill every day , '' they said . `` It 's a prescription deal ... you do n't need more birth control to keep you not pregnant for more sex . ''
Maddow said this was the `` real problem '' in the debate . Addressing them directly , they said , `` You 're bad at this , Rush Limbaugh ! You do n't even understand how babies are made , let alone how people can have sex without making a baby , and you would like the government to take over decision making on these issues on your say so and you do n't get it . You biologically do n't get it . ''
We are hurting . Hurting badly . The price of gasoline has risen precipitously , and the impact of another major hurricane season could drive those costs to the astronomical . The price of oil is just being felt throughout the economy , from air travel to fertilizer to food . Coupled with the economic downturn , and the falling value of our major asset , our homes , the outlook is not pretty .
We are told by the right-wing Republicans that the only way to solve this problem is to forget about the longer-term environmental concerns , throw more megatons of carbon into the atmosphere , and another $ 17 billion to the oil companies to boot . But , even their irresponsible solutions will take years before an effect on supply will be significant .
Give the Democrats some credit for being more responsible . Their solutions , however , are also future-oriented , and will do nothing in the next few years to ease these economic woes . Politically , there are few themes more appealing than referencing new technology , unleashing the creative energies of our people to build a new energy economy . I agree .
But , in the meantime , the oil companies will continue to exact tribute in ever-increasing amounts . It is a tax in the true sense of the term because the costs of extracting and refining the oil and have remained unchanged . Instead of the revenues going to the government , however , these taxes go to oil company coffers and to the oil cartel countries that fund terrorism .
As I have previously written , when oil seemed outrageously priced at $ 75 per barrel ( ! ) , there is an immediate solution that can stave off the negative impacts until a renewable , home-built , energy infrastructure can be established .
Double-up on our drive to work . That is it . It is a phone call or email to arrange .
Here are the benefits : the price of gasoline will plummet . Moreover , each person will save half of the remaining cost , providing more money in their pockets instead of the oil companies ' . The roads will be less crowded , so that time lost in hooking up with one another will be gained in reduced travel time . Half the carbon will be thrown into the atmosphere . With the lower cost of gas , the weekend drive to grandma 's will be affordable .
But , this will never work unless `` everyone '' participates . For that to occur , two elements are necessary . First , we need a `` National Screw the Oil Companies and Terrorists Week '' to mobilize the country , as if we had been invaded by a foreign foe , to prove to ourselves that indeed such a change in driving habits during the work week can happen , and to experience the benefits .
Second , to enable these arrangements to be made in the first place , a website with the tools to provide people the most convenient schedules needs to be constructed . That is not difficult , but will take a little time . And , a little money .
I write this to ask your advice and support . Believe me , I understand this is a band-aid for a problem that requires major surgery . But , in my profession , we try to stop the bleeding to preserve the opportunity for successful surgical outcomes .
1 . Would you support a `` National Screw the Oil Companies and Terrorists Week '' that would mobilize the country to double-up for the drive to work for a week ?
2 . If provided the tools to find a convenient driving partner , would you give it a try for a week ?
3 . If it worked , would you support taking a lane that is not currently HOV and making it so , in order to encourage the doubling-up behavior to continue ?
Please respond . I would like to hear from those who do not think this is worthwhile in the short-run as well from those who do .
We do a lot of talking together , and that is good . But , can we act ? Together ?
One of the best features of Microsoft 's digital assistant , Cortana , is that it can be updated on the back-end , without the need for the user to do anything . As such Cortana becomes more and more intelligent and useful in a subtle way over time .
And this is exactly what 's been happening in the past few days . Some users are reporting new additions to Cortana 's repertoire , a slightly changed UI , and a new Quiz option that allows the AI to learn a bit more info about you .
Right now this seems to be a either staggered release or a public beta test of an upcoming update . In either case the new features will no doubt become available to everyone as Microsoft prepares to officially launch Windows Phone 8.1 .
That 's where the official info ends , but there 's a bit more to this story . WPCentral forum member Talderon claims he 's a Microsoft employee with knowledge and access to the upcoming builds and updates . This has n't been verified but the information he 's sharing seems to be on the mark , so we 'll give them the benefit of the doubt for now .
According to Talderon , and it 's obvious you should take this with a big grain of salt , these are some of the features that Microsoft 's currently working on . Note that most of them are confirmed by users who have already received the update .
Enhanced Sports and News cards
Interest Improvements
UI changes adding lines between different cards and sections
Flight tracking data and e-mail parsing being improved
New jokes , songs and general chit-chat improvements ,
More Jen Taylor - less robot voice
Lots of bugfixes .
This user also claims that Cortana will become available in India sooner rather than later . We already know that the digital assistant is coming to the UK this month , and that they have their eye on the Netherlands , and even China . But if this source is to believed Microsoft may be looking to expand Cortana into one of the world 's biggest markets , India , and soon . Unfortunately there 's no release date mentioned .
Finally , Talderon claims Cortana will come to Xbox One and Windows 8.1 or newer . They also claim to have used it on the Xbox and said `` it 's very neat , especially when playing a Halo game '' . Now that sounds like a tongue-in-cheek response but we 've seen previous signs that Microsoft is actively working to bring Cortana to other platforms and in most users ' minds this was never a question of if rather of when . Unfortunately there 's no ETA on this .
With the launch of Windows Phone 8.1 later on this month , plus Cortana moving to the UK in the same timeframe , we 'll just have to wait and see how much of this info pans out .
Source : Windows Phone Central | Second image via WPC
Dear EarthTalk : What 's the story with LED light bulbs that are reputed to be even more energy-efficient than compact fluorescents ?
-- Toby Eskridge , Little Rock , AR
Perhaps the ultimate “ alternative to the alternative , ” the LED ( light-emitting diode ) light bulb may well dethrone the compact fluorescent ( CFL ) as king of the green lighting choices . But it has a way to go yet in terms of both affordability and brightness .
LEDs have been used widely for decades in other applications—forming the numbers on digital clocks , lighting up watches and cell phones and , when used in clusters , illuminating traffic lights and forming the images on large outdoor television screens . Until recently LED lighting has been impractical to use for most other everyday applications because it is built around costly semiconductor technology . But the price of semiconductor materials has dropped in recent years , opening the door for some exciting changes in energy-efficient , green friendly lighting options .
According to HowStuffWorks.com , LED bulbs are lit solely by the movement of electrons . Unlike incandescents , they have no filament that will burn out ; and unlike CFLs , they contain no mercury or other toxic substances . Proponents say LEDs can last some 60 times longer than incandescents and 10 times longer than CFLs . And unlike incandescents , which generate a lot of waste heat , LEDs do n't get especially hot and use a much higher percentage of electricity for directly generating light .
But as with early CFLs , LED bulbs are not known for their brightness . According to a January 2008 article in Science Daily , “ Because of their structure and material , much of the light in standard LEDs becomes trapped , reducing the brightness of the light and making them unsuitable as the main lighting source in the home. ” LED makers get around this problem in some applications by clustering many small LED bulbs together in a single casing to concentrate the light emitted . But such LED “ bulbs ” still do n't generate light much brighter than a 35-watt incandescent , much too little light for reading or other focused tasks .
If LEDs are going to replace incandescents and CFLs , manufacturers will have to make them brighter . EarthLED is lighting the way with its EvoLux and ZetaLux bulbs , which use multiple LEDs in a single casing to generate light . The EvoLux delivers light equal to that of a 100-watt incandescent , the company says . But the $ 80/bulb price tag may be tough to swallow . The ZetaLux , which retails for $ 49.99 , delivers light equivalent to a 50- or 60-watt incandescent , will last 50,000 hours and costs only $ 2/yearly to run .
Other bulb makers are working on similar designs for high-powered LED bulbs , hoping that an increase in availability will help spur demand , which will in turn lower prices across the board . Until then , consumers can find LED bulbs suitable for secondary and mood lighting purposes in many hardware and big box stores . C. Crane 's 1.3-watt LED bulb , for example , generates as much light as a 15-watt incandescent bulb . Check your local hardware store for other options , as well as online vendors such as Best Home LED Lighting , Bulbster , SuperBrightLEDs.com and We Love LEDs .
CONTACTS : How Stuff Works , www.howstuffworks.com/led.htm ; EarthLED , www.earthled.com ; Best Home LED Lighting , www.besthomeledlighting.com ; Bulbster , www.bulbster.com ; SuperBrightLEDs.com , www.superbrightleds.com ; We Love LEDs , www.weloveleds.com .
EarthTalk is produced by E/The Environmental Magazine . GOT AN ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTION ? Send it to : EarthTalk , c/o E/The Environmental Magazine , P.O . Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; submit it at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/thisweek/ , or e-mail : earthtalk @ emagazine.com . Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A U.S. senator on Wednesday said Russian internet trolls , seeking to polarize Americans , helped fuel a debate ignited by President Donald Trump over whether NFL players should have the right to kneel during the national anthem .
FILE PHOTO - U.S . Senator James Lankford ( R-OK ) smiles after they were ceremonially sworn-in by Vice President Joseph Biden in the Old Senate Chamber on Capitol Hill in Washington January 6 , 2015 . REUTERS/Larry Downing
The assertion , made by Republican James Lankford , comes as congressional investigators probing Moscow 's alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election are focusing on how Russian agents used social media to spread divisive political content .
“ We watched , even this weekend , the Russians and their troll farms , their internet folks , start hashtagging out # TakeAKnee and also hashtagging out # BoycottNFL , ” Lankford , who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said during a hearing on threats faced by the United States .
“ They were taking both sides of the argument this weekend ... to try to raise the noise level of America and make a big issue seem like an even bigger issue as they are trying to push divisiveness in this country , ” Lankford said .
Lankford did not provide evidence to corroborate their statement .
A Lankford aide said U.S. intelligence shared with senators showed that Russian troll operations relied on social media to meddle in U.S. issues going back to last year 's presidential election in an effort to divide Americans .
Such activity has also been occurring in Europe for years , the aide said .
A website built by researchers working with the Alliance for Securing Democracy , a bipartisan , transatlantic project to counter Russian disinformation , showed tweets promoting both sides of the football debate from 600 accounts that analysts identified as users who spread Russian propaganda on Twitter .
A Senate aide said the website was viewed as credible among congressional investigators .
Facebook this month revealed that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $ 100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle . Twitter is expected to privately brief the Senate panel on Thursday , and the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday technology companies would testify about Russian interference in an open hearing next month .
Trump last week said that football players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem . The players want to draw attention to what they say is social and racial injustice .
U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia orchestrated a multi-pronged cyber offensive on the 2016 election to discredit Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and help Trump , a Republican , win .
Russia denies seeking to influence the U.S. election , and Trump has dismissed claims of collusion as fake news .
( This version of the story has been refiled to remove extraneous word “ layers ” in paragraph 11 )
Sumokoin , a fork of the very popular Monero , has undergone a significant re-branding and boy am I excited by the upside of this coin . I wrote last month on how undervalued I believe Sumokoin to be , and with the recent re-branding , I am doubling down on our excitement .
As it stands today ( October 23rd , 2017 ) , Sumokoin has a market cap of ~ $ 820K ( compared to Monero 's $ 1,292,140,266 ) and was recently picked up by LiveCoin . While the volume simply is not there yet ( ranges from a mere $ 7K to ~ $ 20K daily ) , I am predicting a significant volume spike in the coming months as more and more exchanges begin listing SUMO . With today 's volume , the price is pretty easily manipulated , so it is best not to look day to day .
Additionally , other reviewers have begun to mention the coin 's potential for returns . While many share our sentiment that the upside is there , it is clear that there is skepticism around the necessity of another anonymous coin ( see video ) . However , I trust that the first big fork of Monero will solve some of originator 's issues , and could garner at least a 10x market cap from current prices .
Here , I will quickly highlight a few new brand features that I believe will pave the way for more significant coin adoption .
New Logo/Website
Previous Logo/Branding
Current Logo/Brand
As you can clearly see , the difference is night and day . The new , sleek blue and white logo provides a more technology-focused feel to the coin , while sticking to their Japanese roots with the logo design . I am excited by the color scheme , as cool blue is perceived as trustworthy , dependable , fiscally responsible and secure .
Updated Roadmap/Coin Features
In addition to the overall brand , Sumokoin has updated their roadmap and honed in on the features they want to build on-top of the Monero structure .
The updated roadmap is looking pretty attractive , and the dedicated SUMO team ( ~3 developers ) have shown that they are solid when it comes to deadlines . I am most excited by the mobile wallets slated to release in the second half of 2018 . Reducing the barrier to entry for the average crypto investor is a key factor for coins , and as you can see by anything that is added to Coinbase , mobile wallets go a long way to improve adoption , increase trading volume , and pump coin prices .
A cool feature of Sumokoin ( like Monero ) is that it is truly fungible , meaning that all coins are equal and that it is unlikely any single coin will be blacklisted due to previous illicit transactions . This is actually a huge deal in the world of crypto .
Sumokoin Easy Miner
The final feature I have to mention is the Sumokoin Easy Miner . This has to be one of the most intuitive GUI miners I have come across , and the small ( but building ) mining community is beginning to establish some solid pools . What 's more is that Sumokoin frequents the top of the list of whattomine as one of the most profitable coins on the market . Even though crypto mining is becoming less lucrative seemingly each day , it is always good to find undervalued coins that can compound your return on mining investment .
So , while Sumokoin 's market cap continues to hover below $ 1M , I have only one thing to say :
Disclaimer : The author of this article may have a position in one or more of the securities mentioned above . This article is for informational purposes only and should not be taken as investment advice . Always conduct your own due diligence before making investments .
Today we feature the third part of our interview series Meet Hi-Rez : our interview with HiRezDuke , who is Hi-Rez 's Community Manager and Social Media Coordinator ! You can follow Duke on Twitter and check out Lightning Round , a webshow that showcases content creators that Duke has been working on .
How and when did you join the Hi-Rez team ?
Duke : About 6 months after the launch of Global Agenda , I contributed to the community and bugged Stew enough to get an interview at the studio . At first , most of my time was spent on the lighter side of technical support , but I worked more and more toward Community Management .
What is your primary role within Hi-Rez ?
Duke : Recently , most of my focus has been on social media initiatives like posting news & events , private messages ( TONS ) , and of course giveaways ! I am still very much involved in Community Management , but most of it is behind the scenes work now .
What 's your usual day like at Hi-Rez ?
Duke : I come into the office and make a point to harass Gavin and Gabe before doing anything else . They sit near me , and it is as important to their day as it is to mine . Once I have completed this most productive part of my day , I check out all of the Smite Facebook private messages to point people in the direction of the information they need . I verify that our free promotions on Twitter and Facebook are still running properly . Throughout the day , I respond to emails from community members and coworkers , check out discussion boards like /r/Smite and other community-run sites , and many times I join HiRezAlex in the playtest room to record for the next official video release . I contribute to some recurring video projects as well .
What 's your favorite part about working at Hi-Rez ?
Duke : Casual dress code for every day that ends in Y .
What were your expectations for Smite when you first started ?
Duke : I really was not sure what to expect . The devs were trying something that was not new to any of them , but it was new to the public . A MOBA that requires people to aim basic attacks ? A camera that is locked on the character ? While it was fun to play in-house , I was anxious to see what people thought outside the studio . Needless to say , many of us have been pleasantly surprised by how excited players and spectators are about SMITE .
How would you say Smite has evolved until now ?
Duke : Oddly . But I mean that in the best way possible . On one hand , the game has become more similar to other MOBAs ( Conquest map revisions ) . On the other hand , we have traveled into mostly uncharted territory for the genre ( various game modes that are typically seen in other types of games ) . Overall , I would say SMITE has evolved from `` another one of those MOBA things '' into a 3rd person action game with MOBA mechanics . The game has a much broader appeal than I think any of us ever expected .
What can we expect from Smite in the future ?
Duke : More gods . More items . Bigger tournaments . That 's all I can really say about that .
If you had the ability to change any one thing within Smite , what would it be ?
Duke : I would add Horde Mode to the game because I enjoy difficult PvE encounters . I know . I know . It 's a PvP game . Still though . You versus 100 Fire Giants in a map where the floor can be lava anywhere . Amirite ? ( NOTE : This is not a tease . It 's really just something I think would be fun with the Smite cast of characters . )
Who 's your favorite god in Smite ?
Duke : Vamana . People say we look alike .
What 's your favorite game mode ?
Duke : Arena . I enjoy chaotic gaming encounters . ( See previous comments . )
What 's the biggest challenge you face as a Community Manager ?
Duke : Holding back information that is not ready for public consumption even though I know most of the community will enjoy it .
Tell us about a project you 're working on right now .
Duke : Lightning Round ! It 's a little web show I 've been doing with community content creators .
What is , in your mind , the ideal state for the Smite community ?
Duke : Honestly , I enjoy a happy medium in all categories . In my experience , fanbois who think we do no wrong are as nonconstructive as insanely negative folks . Having steady growth month-to-month of reasonable fans who can have intellectually honest discussions is my desired happy place for the community .
A huge thanks to Duke for taking part in the interview series and thanks to our readers ! If you like the interview , you can follow me on Twitter to get updates on my upcoming interviews and content . Thanks !
Br . Aurelius Moner is a Catholic monk who came from an atheistic , liberal , `` tolerant '' worldview , to understand that the judgment , authority and strength of the Patriarchy is a sine qua non of civilization . The road to hell is paved with the good intentions of `` nice '' people ; but a man 's duty is to be good , rather than nice ... and to keep nice people away from anything of value or import , for Christ 's sake . Br . Aurelius strives better to understand and fulfill this duty , in literal spite of their failures and imperfections .
Two of my chief aims with my articles on ROK , are to give glory to God , and to aptly describe theological truths in terms suited to men . Today 's article , I hope , will do both by touching upon a theme suitable both to the season and to this website : Christ the King . While this topic has many particularly Catholic meanings , today I use a broader brush .
“ Patriarchy ” is much maligned in our days , despite being the ennobling and civilizing force that it is ; while many men have shaken free from much of the bogus propaganda against masculinity , some men remain sympathetic to complaints against the source of patriarchy—God , the King and All-Father . The Feast of Christ the King comes near the end of the Liturgical year , on the last Sunday in October , emphasizing that the divine Kingdom which will be fully realized on Earth at the Parousia , exists even now and has rights over the world .
The world is in a disastrous state at present ; the noblest and manliest principles in society have been besieged with special ferocity for five centuries now , at the hands of a revolutionary action against legitimate authority . Whether of King , Priest , Husband or Father , perverse revolutionaries wish to abolish the offices of manly headship ; we have inherited a culture almost entirely lacking them , in any authentic form .
Men Must Lead In Private And Public Life
A woman flourishes only under the protection and supervision of a man . Women generally lack a certain self-sufficiency , and their beliefs and sentiments are influenced largely by their emotional ties to others . Men can more easily stick to reason and principle despite pressures and attachment . A man can trust a woman to be sensible only so far , nearer or farther based on their quality ; but in the end , a man understands that they can not , must not , rely on a woman to stay the course indefinitely , piloting themselves by the ship of reason .
They must provide an attractive and compelling pre-eminence in himself , to which they may uplift their gaze and give them loyalty . Then , when their inner resources falter , their devotion will have been trained towards them habitually . In a good man , the effort so to acclimate a woman to themselves has their benefit equally in mind as their own , and both in accord with reason and justice .
Carrie Nation : “ Bible-Believing ” Church Lady , or Herald of the Dawning , Satanic Age ?
The concept of “ game ” hits upon this perennial truth about the sexes . Some men use “ game ” contrary to reason and nature ; I think that , so long as “ game ” puts a man in touch with the facts of nature , grants them a more masculine comportment , and imparts a sensitivity to their role and responsibilities as a man , a natural leader of women , it is a good thing .
In this sense , what we call “ game , ” our great-grandfathers called simple horse-sense . Every good husband should give their wife the gift of a stalwart but benevolent leader . They love their wife , but knows that they neither wants nor is able to be free from the ennobling guidance and prudent protection of their lord husband . They must be the man to whom their instincts are trained , and they should strive to be worthy of that position ; they must manage their emotions wisely and manfully . Certainly they must not meet their emotional needs in the manner they insist upon , which is likely not only to be wrong , but even to be a ( perhaps subconsciously ) calculated attempt at probing them for weakness , or at self-justification .
Masculinity Is An Analogue Of Divine Sovereignty
In one sense , we can say that God is “ beyond gender. ” But in another , equally true sense , masculinity , maleness , paternity , are qualities more likened unto the divinity , whereas femininity , womanliness and motherhood are qualities more likened unto the whole order of creation . This is because masculinity is the active and fecundating principle ; femininity is the passive and fecundated principle .
The more a thing is ruled and acted upon , the more feminine it is ; the more it is ( authentically ) active , the more masculine . God is Actus Purus , Pure Act , pure Fatherhood ; They are the Father “ from whom all fatherhood in heaven and earth derives its name , ” of which our manhood is a proportioned manifestation . Creation exists along a spectrum of being more or less feminine , more or less masculine , in a sense , as it aligns with act or potential .
No , I 'm not saying that every man has a “ feminine side , ” but I am saying that every man , in relation to Their Maker , is a subject , is ruled , is in a dependent position , and that this is more analogous to the feminine than the masculine . But of course , as a man , the particular nature of their sex is an analogue of the Fatherhood , the Kingdom , the Priesthood , of God .
In future articles I 'll talk more about this , and about how—in Christianity , at least—the spiritual life is described as a direct participation in God… i.e. , how God helps the creature to become more manly , more excellent , more free , more strong , more active , more like Himself by participation in Himself . The spiritual life is a deifying , and therefore a masculinizing , process . And the services for many of the female saints praise precisely this element of their character : that they became more manly than many men .
“ O God , Who , amongst other wonders of Thy power , hast conferred the martyr 's triumph even upon the fragile sex ; grant propitiously , that we who remember the birth unto eternal life of Blessed Agatha , Thy virgin and martyr , may advance towards Thee by their example. ” – For the Commemoration of St. Agatha
One also sees that God has given men a special insight into Their relationship to the creation , by virtue of our intermediary position as male creatures ; we have something of the ruler and something of the subject within ourselves . Our experience as the masters of womankind gives us some insight into God 's experience with all of us ; our experience as subjects of God gives us insight into a woman 's subordination ( and , often enough , inconstancy ) .
This should make us better subjects of God , and better rulers of women and society . Sometimes I find men drawing near to the Red Pill who still have flatly immature ideas about God and atheism—ideas fully supported by the same propagandists that brought us Feminism , Socialism , etc . Often this involves objections to God 's rigidity , Their intolerance , Their use of force , Their jealous mastery that brooks no rival .
But these are the complaints by which a feminist derides the actually beneficial qualities of patriarchy . “ Red Pill ” men usually see the crisis caused by the absence of male influence , but male influence is a shade of the Divine : the Supreme Masculine , the forceful vindicator of Good and punisher of evil , from Whom there could be no appeal . If society needs a king , if it needs a priest , if it needs husbands and fathers , let it look to Him from Whom these offices proceed . If we wonder why the world rejects patriarchy and authority , I will tell you : it is because it first rejected the High King Himself .
Christ Crowns Holy Roman Emperor St. Henry II , while angels bestow sword and scepter upon him , and sainted clergy support him .
The Feast of Christ the King stands at the center of the Church 's reaction to an aggressive liberalism . It came in the wake of centuries of ideological and military revolutions in the West—Protestantism , Humanism , Atheism , Republicanism , Democracy , Socialism and Communism . The Church took pains to affirm that God had rights not only over the spiritual realm and the Church , but over all society , over all men , over all nations , which absolutely trump any imagined “ human right ” formed in abstraction from the principles of Truth and Justice .
To attempt to establish a system of “ rights ” abstracted from what is Right , is to aid the rebellion of infirmity and folly against Strength and Wisdom . And this is why our times are literally perverse ( from Latin perverto , “ turn all the way around ” ) , that is , upside-down ; Democracy and Republicanism exalt demagogues and mobs over justice itself ; Feminism inverts the natural dynamic of the sexes ; Socialism and Social Marxism demand the forfeiture of the fruits of a society 's creators to its venal consumers ; the gay agenda attempts to equate health and fecundity with disease and sterility . The theme is the same : Righteous , Manly Authority is bad ; it wants to stop us from voting for free dildos .
I invite men to reflect on the great right and dignity of being a man , of belonging to the sex upon whose brow lordliness and mastery sit by right . I encourage them to reflect on what obligations and duties this involves ; to reflect upon what a man must strive to be , if they are worthy of the title , man .
I encourage them to reflect on the limitations of the fairer sex , and how we should strive to purge any womanliness from our character , and to grow manlier , more like God , by virtue . If we value authority , justice , truth , mastery and excellence in the created order , let us direct our gaze to the supreme Masculine , the supreme Origin of all Fatherhood , and to the highest of all Kings . To reject Him , especially for Their quality of inflexible dominion , is to reject a particularly masculine quality of our own souls , and to be allies of the Revolution against noble patriarchy .
Reconciliation with the principle of righteous authority – rather than “ democratic fairness ” – is an indispensable precedent to a true return of kings .
Read More : Why We Need To Fight For The Patriarchy
An internal Drug Enforcement Administration report showed the agency gave its agents a mere slap on the wrist for purchasing the services of Colombian prostitutes , sometimes with taxpayer money and sometimes as they let local police watch their weapons and personal property .
The report and a Tuesday hearing on it prompted a key member of congress to say that the DEA chief needs to resign .
A summary of the internal report shows the DEA doled out punishments to 10 of its agents , which ranged from a letter of caution to a two-week suspension . None of the agents who participated in the parties was fired .
“ They appear to have fraternized with cartel members , accepted lavish gifts and paid for prostitutes with no concern for the negative repercussions or security vulnerabilities they created , ” an angry Rep. Elijah E. Cummings , Maryland Democrat , said at a Tuesday hearing on the matter .
In one instance , money to pay prostitutes at a farewell party for a high-ranking DEA official was included in an “ operational budget ” that used government funds for the party , the report said .
DEA agents also rented undercover apartments in Colombia and used them to host prostitutes , the DEA said in its internal report .
The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee staff made the internal report available at Tuesday 's hearing , which gave lawmakers a chance to look into the Justice Department inspector general 's investigation accusing DEA agents of attending prostitute orgies funded by local drug cartels in a foreign country from 2009 to 2012 .
The DEA 's internal report expands upon that review , detailing 14 years of misconduct accusations , dating back to 2001 . Ten DEA agents were accused of wrongdoing ; seven were issued suspensions ranging from one to 10 days . The internal report depicts married agents , who did “ the most running around ” with women , as “ out of control . ”
Lawmakers expressed concern during the hearing that some of the government-funded sex soirees may have included teenagers .
In response to pointed questions about whether underage women were among the prostitutes , DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart replied : “ I do n't know that . ”
The explosive internal report shows that punishments recommended for the DEA agents also were reduced without explanation in many cases . It is also unknown whether any of the DEA supervisors who may have known about the accusations but failed to report them were punished .
The light punishments angered lawmakers from both parties .
Rep. Jason Chaffetz , Utah Republican and committee chairperson , expressed dismay and shock that agents were allowed to return to work quickly “ with their secret clearances fully intact . ”
“ These agents compromised our national security and then essentially got a vacation , ” they said . “ There is no accountability , and that is unacceptable . ”
In an interview with The Associated Press after the hearing , Mr. Chaffetz said Ms. Leonhart , who has been the DEA 's top official since 2007 and was deputy for three years before that , has let problems fester for too long . “ It 's time for them to go , ” they said .
During the hearing though , Ms. Leonhart responded that civil service protections make it difficult to fire DEA agents .
As administrator , they are powerless to step in during disciplinary proceedings and in some cases can not even revoke an agent 's security clearance , they said .
Mr. Cummings , the ranking member of the committee , said the report depicted “ truly breathtaking recklessness ” and showed “ DEA agents as completely out of control . ”
In one case , an agent accepted an authentic Rolex watch from someone responsible for providing prostitutes to parties in Bogota , Colombia , according to a heavily redacted document that committee staff handed out to reporters .
Lawmakers from both parties said they were dumbfounded that Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. found it necessary to send a memo last week reminding department employees not to purchase the services of prostitutes .
“ Hello ? Am I missing something ? ” Mr. Cummings said . “ I think we are at an all-time low here . ”
Rep. Bob Goodlatte , Virginia Republican and House Judiciary Committee chairperson , and Rep. F. James Sensenbrenner Jr. , Wisconsin Republican and chairperson of the Judiciary subcommittee on crime , terrorism , homeland security and investigations , said in a joint statement that lawmakers “ will not tolerate further episodes of ‘ agents gone wild . ' ”
“ In the future , Justice Department employees who purchase sex must be fired , ” the two men wrote . They said they hope to speak soon with agency representatives who can explain why DEA employees have not been sufficiently held accountable for their actions .
“ The American people deserve answers from their government about this atrocious behavior and demand change to ensure such lapses in judgement do n't happen again , ” the lawmakers said .
⦁ This article is based in part on wire service reports .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Energy Secretary Rick Perry has a vision for developing fully mobile , hot tub-sized nuclear power plants that could become the latest piece in the Energy Department 's innovation and grid resiliency push .
Perry brought up the idea while addressing a National Clean Energy Week conference late last month . They used it as an example of what the Trump administration means when it talks about energy `` innovation '' as part of its energy dominance agenda .
Perry called them `` small modular reactors . '' But the version of the technology they described would function more like a nuclear battery than a conventional , water-cooled nuclear power plant .
They envisioned them being used for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico . The nuclear batteries would be piled into the cargo hold of a C-130 military transport plane , the kind Perry used to fly in the Air Force , and flown to the disaster zone to re-energize the island 's wiped-out grid , they explained .
The situation in Puerto Rico is `` maybe one of the most tragic events in history , '' Perry said . `` We are trying to get micro-generators down there , '' but if small modular reactors were available , they `` could serve tens of thousands '' and even more `` very quickly . ''
When they delivered the speech , nearly all 1.6 million electricity customers in Puerto Rico were without electricity . Perry 's agency is working with the Federal Emergency Management Agency on power restoration .
The idea of portable , small nuclear power plants is not new . It 's an idea that came from the lobbying and consulting playbook of William C. Anderson , former President George W. Bush 's assistant secretary of the Air Force for installations .
Anderson was a big proponent of making military bases self-sustaining , while looking for advanced power plant technology that would reduce the need for tactically vulnerable diesel supply chains in places such as Iraq . They are now assistant secretary for Maryland 's Department of Natural Resources .
`` The conversations we had when I was back in the Air Force , we were talking about the potential for these small reactors being the size of a trash can , and then being able to be loaded in the back of a Humvee , '' Anderson told the Washington Examiner . `` The weight is a little bit overwhelming , it 's a solid chunk of metal , but small enough to be able to power a forward-operating base . ''
They also had the idea of a slightly larger nuclear power unit , the size of a shipping container , which could be easily loaded into the back of a C-130 , they said .
Anderson is confident that Perry could begin moving on the idea .
`` The secretary can move the attention from one place to another and it sounds like Secretary Perry has decided that this is a really important area for [ the Energy Department ] to consider , '' Anderson said .
`` Any time you have one of these natural disasters , these kinds of discussions seem to rear their ugly head . I mean that in a good way . This is a good conversation to have , '' Anderson said . `` Secretary Perry may be on to something here in terms of looking at this for natural disaster relief . ''
Anderson said they have n't talked to Perry about their days in the Air Force or the years they advised Hyperion Power , now Gen4 Energy , which was looking to develop a hot tub-size power plant about a decade ago . The new company now is pushing its Gen4 Module , `` designed to fill a previously unmet need for a transportable power source that is safe , clean , sustainable , and cost-efficient , '' according to its website . The reactor has been designed to deliver 70 megawatts of heat , or 25 MW of electricity , for a 10-year lifetime , without refueling .
Other companies that were active a decade ago , such as Toshiba , which teamed with Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates , had discussed federal licensing opportunities for the larger , but still comparatively small , `` 4S '' reactor .
The Hyperion Power plant 's design was licensed from the Energy Department 's Los Alamos National Lab . It is likely that Perry , in touring the national laboratories over the summer , discovered the small reactor technology at Los Alamos . The Energy Department did not return emails to discuss Perry 's outlook for compact nuclear power technology .
Other clean energy consultants in Washington say the Trump administration is looking to bolster the advanced , liquid-metal reactors , but funding may not be optimal .
Scott Sklar , president of the Stella Group consulting firm , who specializes in integrating small power generators of every sort at installations , said there is an effort , but `` they 're not going to put any real [ money ] in . So , for all practical purposes , it wo n't go anywhere . ''
The small reactors also face big regulatory challenges . Although more conventional water-cooled small modular reactors have managed to win support at the Energy Department and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , the more innovative hot tub- and trash can-sized variety have fallen by the wayside .
The problem stems partly from the nuclear commission , which has to approve the design of a reactor and approve it for construction . But the culture and expertise at the commission is primarily centered around light-water cooled nuclear power plants . Commissioners who had expertise on other forms of reactors , such as those cooled by liquid salts and metals , have left or retired .
The mini-reactors are cooled by liquid salt or other metal combinations such as lead and bismuth that have relatively low melting points . The metals are combined with radioactive fuel to keep the power plants humming and stable . Anderson said the smallest , such as the Hyperion reactor , function more like a battery . They require little maintenance and are far safer than a standard reactor .
The danger is that if someone were to open one of the reactors , it would result in instant vaporization from the extreme heat they generate , they said .
In a situation such as Puerto Rico , the best option would be to put them at military bases or some other confined and secure place , where they could be guarded , Anderson said .
Even though some companies folded after it became clear that the only small reactors that would get licensed would be the more conventional water-cooled ones , some companies are still trying to push small advanced designs similar to the Hyperion Power reactor .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said it continues to have talks with companies looking to license more advanced liquid-metal reactor designs .
`` We spoke with Toshiba a couple of times regarding the 4S but the discussions did n't progress very far , '' said spokesperson Scott Burnell . The only design that is `` currently under NRC review is NuScale 's light-water cooled small modular reactor , '' they said .
However , the commission `` is talking to several potential reactor designers in what we term 'pre-application ' activities , '' Burnell said . `` These vendors include two companies contemplating molten salt-based reactors . ''
The two companies are Transatomic Power and Terrestrial Energy , which want to incorprate their relatively small reactor designs into a power plant campus the size of a small airplane hangar .
Both companies tout themselves as the future of clean energy by offering a permanent and safe energy solution , cleaner than fossil fuels since they emit no greenhouse gases and more efficient than conventional light-water reactors .
Terrestrial Energy said on its website that renewable energy is only a partial solution for reducing carbon dioxide emission . Nuclear power will have to do the heavy lifting in a carbon-constrained world , it said .
Once upon a time there was a building nestled in a quiet suburb of Brisbane 's south . It was a creative building starting out as a Queensland TAFE college in 1972 followed later by the Queensland College of Art ( Griffith University ) and finally a campus of Southbank Institute of Technology .
Walking the corridors of this building for me is both a peaceful and almost meditative act ; far more precious than the celebration of old masters and glorified art academics that grace the walls of our public funded galleries . No , this is a constantly revolving canvass , and although there are rules as to what is painted over and what remains , once those rules are broken , it is fair game for anyone .
All these lives have since given way to what I like to describe as a new set of creative minds , those that are not held back by classical definitions of art and design , a free flowing message to the rest of society that refusal to conform is the new black and that no amount of Government crackdowns will prevent artists from being artists . ( It is now punishable by law to create un-commissioned Street-art in public areas in Brisbane , with a maximum sentence 7 years in prison ) .
These Artists and Designers have created their own world within the boundaries of a building that was built around academic rules of education and art practice . It has been turned it on its head creating an ‘ armageddon like ' celebration of all that is wrong with modern life and modern art collecting , they are on the battle lines of art and conformity , laying down their own rules and shrugging off anyone that disagrees with their philosophy of free art and expression .
By doing so they have given an old building life , maybe not a life 90 % of Brisbane 's population agrees with , but a life none the same , one I feel more at home in than the clean aluminium and glass of a big country town trying to be a city . This is the Brisbane City the world will never see , but it is there , you just need to look .
Daniel Groneberg is an artist , street photographer , coffee fanatic , and cheese addict ; they have been addicted to the smell of darkroom chemicals since the age of 13 and can be found wondering the streets and abandoned buildings of Brisbane .
Daniel is a proactive member of the photographic community and holds affiliations with The Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance ( MEAA ) , Australian Commercial and Media Photographers ( ACMP ) , Queensland Centre of Photography ( QCP ) and is a Co-Founder of the Brisbane Camera Collective , a common ground for Brisbane photographers & photographic artists to showcase their work .
Check out Daniel on Ello here : danielgroneberg , Instagram here : @ that_street_guy and on their site here : danielgroneberg.com
Rick is still keeping their radio diary to Morgan as the season kicks off . Rick says that they and their group are done with Atlanta and are headed to Fort Bennett . The daily grind has clearly taken it 's toll on Rick and it 's made apparent during this one-way conversation .
The group heads out on the road in hopes of reaching Fort Bennett but they run into a roadblock made up of all abandoned vehicles . Glenn suggests they double back and take another route but Dale tells them they do n't have enough fuel for that . The radiator blows on Dale 's RV and the group is immobile . They begin to search the abandoned vehicles for much-needed supplies . After finding clothes , car parts , and food Dale and Rick spot a “ herd ” of zombies walking towards them . Most of the group hides under vehicles – Dale stayed on top of the RV while Andrea is in the restroom . A wandering zombie finds them and begins to break down the door but Dale drops them a screwdriver and they give us our first graphic kill of the season . Elsewhere , Darryl saves T-Dog from another attack . As the herd passes Sophia begins to leave their hiding spot under a car when two zombies spot them They run into the nearby woods to escape . Rick immediately gives chase .
When Rick catches up to Sophia they tell them to head back to the group so they can lead the zombies further into the woods . They tell them how to get back safely using the sun as their guide . Rick runs off and sets a perfectly primitive trap for the zombies – and by primitive I mean they hide behind a tree with a stone and bashes their heads in when they come near .
Rick , Shane , Darryl and Glenn are tracking for Sophia in the woods because they have n't returned to the group . Rick orders that Glenn and Shane go back with the group for damage control so no one worries too much . Rick and Darryl continue searching but find nothing . They even perform an awesome autopsy on a zombie to make sure they did n't get to Sophia . They come back at dusk and tell the group that they have to continue searching for Sophia at daybreak . This obviously does n't come with much fanfare , especially from Sophia 's mother Carol .
When day comes the group heads out in search of Sophia leaving Dale and T-Dog back on the road . The group comes across a tent at a campsite and investigate . No evidence that Sophia was there . After that disappointment they hear church bells and run to find the source . Rick leads the charge towards the church . Inside they find a few zombies sitting in the pews – Christians to the core ! – but easily eliminate them . Still no sign of Sophia .
Outside Andrea overhears Shane telling Lori that they are planning on leaving the group . They ask to go with them but they are hesitant because it would be “ another ass to cover ” but they insist they can cover them when they need help .
Rick sends the group back to the highway while he , Shane , and Carl stay at the church to continue the search . Rick desperately prays that God give them a sign as “ an indication that ( he 's ) doing the right thing ” . As they leave the church to search the surrounding wooded area they spot a deer . The look on Rick 's face shows that they believe this was their “ sign ” . As Carl creeps closer to the deer a shot ring out , downing the deer and hitting Carl in the torso . Stunned , Shane and Rick rush to Carl 's aid .
Advertisements
WITH the Olympics on the horizon , you would think teams are preparing with the utmost focus , but the Canadian women 's soccer team still found time to pull a birthday prank on their coach .
During a training session , defender Allysha Chapman and forward Melissa Tancredi got into a fake fight , with teammates rushing towards the scene to sell the legitimacy of the scuffle .
As coach John Herdman started approaching the two players , a sly teammate would plant a cream cake right in Herdman 's face , in what was sure to be the tastiest birthday cake the manager had ever tasted .
WATCH THE CANADIANS PULL OFF THE BRILLIANT PRANK IN THE VIDEO ABOVE
Canada 's Olympic campaign begins against Australia in the first stage of the women 's soccer tournament on August the 4th .
Essex Police Department asking for help locating 15-year-old
The Essex Police Department is asking for help finding 15-year-old Trinity Welkar . Essex police said they were believed to be with their mother , Rebecca Phipps , and traveling in a gray 4-door Saab . Trinity Welkar is 5 feet 5 inches tall and 170 pounds with brown , curly hair . They were last seen wearing a black Nike sweatshirt and jeans , carrying an orange backpack with black and red polka dots . Investigators said the teen left their grandparents ' house Friday . Call the Essex Police Department at 802-878-8331 if you have any information .
The Essex Police Department is asking for help finding 15-year-old Trinity Welkar .
Essex police said they were believed to be with their mother , Rebecca Phipps , and traveling in a gray 4-door Saab .
Advertisement
Trinity Welkar is 5 feet 5 inches tall and 170 pounds with brown , curly hair . They were last seen wearing a black Nike sweatshirt and jeans , carrying an orange backpack with black and red polka dots .
Investigators said the teen left their grandparents ' house Friday .
Call the Essex Police Department at 802-878-8331 if you have any information .
Rebecca Phipps , mother of missing teen
AlertMe
Tyra Banks applying lipstick from their Tyra Beauty line .
When I was 10 , a friend invited me to their mom 's Mary Kay party . Our overseer gave me a mirror and told me to hold it at arm 's length . “ No one 's ever going to get closer to your face than that , ” they said . This is absurd , and I think I knew that even back then , but it 's stuck with me — just like the entire afternoon of playing with those pale pink tubes of lipsticks , mascaras , and lotions .
I thought this memory would be a quaint relic of my childhood , like “ Elvira , Mistress of the Dark. ” But then along came Tyra Beauty : a Mary Kay for millennials presided over by Tyra Banks herself . I could n't resist the opportunity to try it for myself , so I signed up as a Beautytainer — a member of Tyra 's sales force .
Every new Beautytainer is assigned to an established Beautytainer 's crew . My head Beautytainer is named LeeAnne . They live in New Hampshire and used to sell nutritional supplements , but then they saw an ad for Tyra Beauty and thought that sounded like more fun . The ads do sound fun :
Ready for an opportunity that combines beauty and business ? Where you set the hours , on your own terms ? Join our Crew of bonafide entrepreneurs — we call them Beautytainers , independent sales reps who make money through sharing the TYRA Beauty movement .
“ I was the third-ever person to sign up , ” LeeAnne says . She 's already reached Platinum level , which meant they got to have dinner with Tyra . “ She 's very down-to-earth , ” LeeAnne says . “ When they have the microphone , she 's on , but when she 's sitting there at the dinner table , she 's sweet . You see their shy side , and that 's surprising . I 'm like , ‘ I think I just fell in love with you even more . ' ”
The official history of Tyra Beauty says Banks started the company after going to Harvard Business School . They say they wanted to educate themselves as much as they could to help their Beautytainers rack up what they call “ Bank $ igns. ” Banks does n't have an MBA , though . What they went through at Harvard was the school 's non-degree granting course called the “ Owner/President Management Program . ”
To be an active Beautytainer , I needed to sell $ 150 of products the first month — or buy $ 150 in products myself that I can then show potential buyers ( the brand does n't give free samples to start with ) . I also had to pay $ 59 to enroll . After I 'd paid my fees and ordered the products LeeAnne suggested — the 6-Minute TyOver kit , the Smize eye shadow palette , the Stick with Me makeup setting spritz , the Oops eyeliner , and the Ménage À Brow ( “ All amazing , ” LeeAnne says ) — I 'd spent $ 231.30 .
But spending money was only temporary : If I sold $ 150 in products a month , I 'd make 25 % commission , which is only $ 37.50 . But if I sold $ 500 , I 'd get an additional 5 % , and if I hit $ 1,000 , I 'd get an additional 10 % . I 'd make even more if I enrolled another Beautytainer — 3 % of that person 's sales . From there , the more you sell and recruit , the more Bank $ igns you get until you reach Diamond Beautytainer , the highest level , which comes with so many perks that it feels like Tyra 's just blowing their ANTM fortune . I already felt rich .
The 5 Minute TYover .
They also want to talk about the haters . They seem to be referencing a Broadly story a few weeks earlier that depicted Tyra Beauty as part of a larger pattern of Banks taking financial advantage of young women . ( An expert on multi-level marketing told reporter Emalie Marthe that young women are targeted by these businesses because they 're more likely to believe they really will get rich when they sign up ) . “ Despite the evidence of shady business practices and exploitation of their employees , young and vulnerable women keep flocking to Banks for their promise of quick fame and ‘ fierceness , ' ” Marthe wrote .
Critics say this kind of multi-level marketing businesses are little more than legal pyramid schemes . The problem with the kind of company where you can earn more by enlisting others than by selling the products is that the money tends to go to the people at the top who are convincing others to join , not to those actually selling . Research published by critics of the direct-sales industry found that up to 99 percent of reps do n't earn any income at all .
Anita Krpata , Tyra Beauty 's general manager , says Tyra is not running a pyramid scheme and refutes the idea that the best way to be a successful Beautytainer is by having others do your work for you . LeeAnne agrees , saying the best part of the job is seeing others succeed . “ I love helping women make money , ” they tell me . “ I love it . ”
“ Recently , I 've seen press , and wanted to take a minute to share my life lessons to help put it in perspective for you guys , so you can understand more of Tyra Beauty and our strategy but how to navigate your own careers as CEOs and winners , ” Tyra tells us on the call . “ A lot of that stuff people write is a lie . There have been times when I have been in bed in LA , like about to go asleep , and have read on the internet that I 'm at a club in Paris on Champs-Élysées and cheating on my man . ”
In sum : “ Your CEO just happens to be a public figure , and it 's a positive but at the same time , whew . ”
Tyra Beauty 's Oops Liners are pretty cool , with black liquid eyeliner on one side and an eraser on the other ( to get rid of bleeds and crooked handiwork ) . But I 'm not sure why anyone would want to buy them from me instead of online . “ The advantage is the customer service , ” LeeAnne tells me . “ Your friends are going to take your word more than someone else 's . When you go to a great restaurant , you tell people they should go there , but you do n't get anything from it . Direct selling is basically the same thing . You 're sharing your love for the products and what they do , but you 're also making money . ”
LeeAnne tells me to make a list of all of the friends and family I could possibly sell to . First up is my mom . There 's no shame in going after low-hanging fruit .
I hit them up at Thanksgiving . “ What makeup do you use , Mom ? ” I ask , while refilling their glass of champagne . “ Is there anything you do n't like ? ”
“ This is kind of dopey , ” they say , sliding a small disc of nameless gold eye shadow over to me .
I have just the thing ! I pull out Tyra 's Eyes in a Stick in Once You Go Brown — it looks like a chestnut magic marker — and swipe it across the lower lid of their left eye . “ Check out the difference , ” I say triumphantly . We both admire my work , and I 've made my first sale — Mom even agrees to buy a second color at 50 percent off . Them total comes to $ 36 , which means I make $ 9 . ( In December , I receive the products back ; my mom did n't like them and re-gifted them to me for Christmas . )
Hoping to step up my game , I invite five friends over for a TyOver party . I prep by buying makeup sponges , tissues , disposable mascara wands , and twice as much wine and snacks as six people can consume . I print out a picture of my favorite Tyra ( as Zoe in “ Coyote Ugly ” ) , plus one of a girl 's face that shows them how to apply the makeup trio of Light in a Stick , Sculpt in a Stick , and Cheek in a Stick . I scrawl “ You Look Fierce ” in hot pink lipstick on the mirror above my vanity .
Selling makeup to your friends is weird . At first it 's like when everyone at a party is afraid to take the first chip , us all standing there looking at the Smoky Smize palette like we 'd never seen eye shadow before . Then Erica picks up the three sticks and begins contouring their face as expertly as any Kardashian . Everyone else joins in .
Their assessments of their TyOvers are mixed . The eye pencil and the mascara are hits — and Erica 's contouring really does look great — but Amanda thinks the face makeup is “ too shiny ” and Marisa calls the brow gel “ terrifyingly intense. ” They buy a few items : an eye in a Stick , a Light in a Stick , and the Stick with Me makeup setting spritz , earning me $ 18.75 in commission for the night .
All told , I 've made $ 27.75 for my first month as a Beautytainer . I suppose I could keep going and try to make back the rest of my initial investment , but I 'm not going to . I 'll just use the products I have left myself . ( Sorry , LeeAnne . )
Tyra believes makeup is the great equalizer . I do n't , but I also do n't hate what she 's trying to do with my products . They do n't take a lot of time to apply and they 're more fun than a lot of what 's in Sephora . I do n't think selling their makeup , however , is as good for Beautytainers as it is for Tyra . But if you do n't believe me and want to try to make some Bank $ igns yourself , I have a few tubes of Smack My Fat Lash I can sell you .
When I was a reporter , I had one editor who will forever go down as my favorite . They wore cowboy boots , loved Merle Haggard and hated meetings . Who would n't love him ?
They also gave incredible pep talks . Some of their one-liners stay with me to this day , nearly 15 years later . When the paper we 're working at was getting its buttocks handed to it by our competition on a decades-old story involving the mayor and murder , my favorite editor swiveled around in their seat and said : “ Go out and get me a scoop . ”
We did . The city we covered was better off because of it .
My editor was a big fan of computer-assisted reporting and they lived to file Freedom of Information Act requests . They challenged us to file as many as we could . We did . Just about every day we filed at least one , if not more than one , FOI request . We made friends with FOI officers everywhere .
We filed requests on TMI , or Three Mile Island , that was close enough that the residents of the county we covered knew where to get the iodine pills from . We sent requests on murder cases , farming accidents and even bird strikes to airplanes . ( This was prior to Miracle on the Hudson . )
I now know what a GLOMAR response is because of my editor . ( It 's when the government refuses to confirm or deny a record even exists . )
My editor 's most cherished pep talk was the one about what is at the very core of newspaper journalism : Truth . The biggest compliment my editor could , or would , give you is that you “ brought truth to the power . ”
I am proud of the years that I worked with my favorite editor . We brought a lot of truth to power and the residents that lived in the city we covered were better off because of it . That truth to power made a difference in people 's lives — a real difference .
It was n't just a line . We lived it . Most journalists do . If you work at a newspaper and you do n't , well , there are libel laws that will keep you honest .
Sadly , with the demise of newspapers comes the demise of the truth . Who knows how the libel laws apply to the stories that are shared on the internet then aggregated by social media . Check your own Facebook feeds . It is more than sad . It is downright scary .
In this , the information age , there are no gatekeepers . There are no canons of ethics . It truly is a paradise for those who wish to shield the truth from the masses or make up an alternate version of reality . It 's getting harder and harder to tell truth from fiction .
I have not heard of anyone facing a libel suit for spreading false or inaccurate information on Facebook . Anyone can post a meme with whatever falsehood they like . False stories from what appear to be news sites abound , claiming Hillary this or Donald Trump that . Some of their claims are so outlandish it is easy to tell that the stories are false . Other times , the line has become so blurred who knows ?
Ownership concerns also shed a dark cloud over the truth . Whose truth are we getting ? Many newspapers have been gobbled up in recent years by competitors . Some private equity firms now hold major positions in some of the country 's largest newspapers . Who owns what ? What is their interest ? Where does that leave the reader ? Believe it or not , most journalists really do care about the reader .
Then , there are the stories of ABC 's and CNN 's close relationship with Hillary , and Fox News spreading false stories of an alleged indictment days before the election . Steve Bannon 's use of Breitbart news and certain nonprofit news organization to influence the election also surfaced after the votes were cast .
One story that really hit home was an anchor at a news channel in Greensboro , N.C. holding handcuffs as they read the results of an Elon poll days before the election . Perhaps because I used to live in Greensboro , and started my career in journalism down the road in Burlington , I had a hard time digesting what I was seeing . The stunt that so crosses a line made me both sad and angry for a profession that is already under attack . I actually emailed the news director . I also filed an FCC complaint against the station .
In the scheme of things , most people might not think the fake news or the use of handcuffs in a story about an election poll really matters . I disagree . Many people despise the media . Check out the photo of the man wearing a shirt that encourages lynching journalists . So who cares if there are fewer reporters , editors and photographers ? Anybody with an iPhone and a wifi connection can do their jobs .
To some extent , I guess that is true . Anybody can tell a story . Not everybody can take truth to the power .
Can you tell the difference between the stories that are real and the ones that are fake in your Facebook feed ? Where are you getting your news from ? Are they sources you can trust ? Have you ever heard of these “ news ” organizations before ?
Facebook will ask you what you want to see in your newsfeed . Facebook does not ask you whether or not you care if the “ news ” you are seeing is real .
Why does it matter ? Those who control the truth , or their version of it , control the people . Look at Flint , Mich. Flint 's daily newspaper stopped publishing every day and went to three days a week . The paper cut 82 people from its staff . It was an investigative journalist for the Michigan ACLU , Curt Guyette , who broke the story about Flint 's water , according to the Columbia Journalism Review .
I am sure the fine people of Flint are thankful that they did . They probably would have been more appreciative if the local paper or website had brought truth to the power sooner , but at least somebody did . Do you think the people of Flint would still be drinking tainted water if Curt Guyette had not unearthed that story ?
Here is the thing : we are running out of people who bring truth to the power . We are losing our fourth estate . In reality , we may have already lost it . The fourth estate is part of that whole checks and balances thing . Without it , those in power can act corruptly with impunity . If you believe they wo n't , visit your library and ask them to dig out old newspaper clips . History left unchecked has a way of repeating itself .
Now more than ever we need a fourth estate . We need the kind of journalism that brings truth to the power . Maybe the days of Woodward and Bernstein and Katherine Graham 's Washington Post are behind us . I so hope not . Maybe Jeff Bezos will turn it around at the Washington Post . I pray that they do . Maybe Donald Trump 's election has taught us all a costly lesson about the need for a fourth estate . Suddenly there is a renewed interest in subscriptions to the New York Times . That is great .
But , just remember this . Your statehouse elections matter a lot , too . In fact , it is the state legislatures that determine how we vote and other important issues that can affect things like national politics . I can tell you first-hand statehouse newsrooms have been gutted in the last 10 years .
Without a fourth estate , without editors , reporters , photographers and copy editors , there is no filter . There is no gatekeeper . You want to know what gets through when there is no gatekeeper ? Lies , untruths and more lies .
It threatens our collective intelligence . It threatens our freedoms . It threatens our democracy and our ability to make informed decisions about who runs our government and how .
Hopefully , more investigative reporters such as Guyette working for nonprofits will fill the void that most daily newspapers have left behind . Perhaps the so-called “ traditional ” media will see a new and sustained interest from paying customers and advertisers .
Until that happens , I am going to do my best to avoid posting or sharing memes on Facebook . I also will try and post news from sites that I know are reputable news organizations such as the New York Times , The Washington Post , Slate , The Atlantic and other news organization that have a lengthy history and have been fully vetted .
Those are news organizations that check facts and adhere to a canon of ethics . The list is getting smaller by the minute . It wo n't put a dent in the avalanche of false news stories making the rounds on social media , but it is my small way of still giving a nod to my old editor . It is , in a small way , still bringing truth to the power .
I am also going to subscribe to the New York Times and The Washington Post . I have missed holding a paper in my hands while I drink my coffee . What can you do ?
Advertisements
About
Hi Everyone ,
My name is Claire Michelle . I 'm trying to raise funds for an album to increase the awareness and representation of transgender people in music . I 'm a bit of a social activist , but I 'm also a model and a musician !
I believe music is incredibly powerful such that one day millions of people could be listening to my music and realize they relate to trans people more than they had previously thought . I believe that my music has the stories to provide avenues to support understanding and acceptance . Bono once said that `` music can change the world because it can change people . '' I really believe my music has that ability .
Through music and social activism , and raising awareness of trans musicians I can create a better place in society for everyone . Before I do this though , I need an album . This I ca n't do without the support of the community behind me .
What is this project about ?
After recording the album , I plan to do so much more . I 'm trying to make a difference for trans people by getting more of our community in the common parts of society . With my knowledge in the music industry , this album will put a reputation behind my name , and in turn I 'll be able to put focus on finding other trans artists to feature and bring up .
Having come from a place of nothing , I know the frustration one can feel by being completely disregarded no matter how talented they are . I want to change that , we 're stronger than people give us credit for and it 's time they hear us .
I want to get these stories out for everyone to hear . I want the people listening to my music to understand that they relate to the transgender community more than they realize . I strongly believe that understanding stories and experiences provide avenues to support and acceptance . Music is the perfect medium for this .
What about the Music ?
After years of writing and exploring my musical identity , I 'm so excited about this era of music . The album will consist of 12 songs and about how I 've come to terms with my life changes . The album will be fluent from front to back , with no breaks in-between ; a cradle of sound .
When I write , I remove all judgement and aim to be honest with myself . My music comes from deep , and sometimes dark , emotional places . This is reflected in not only my lyrics , but my guitar as well ; I write with dissonance and resolve the music like a dark emotion simmers .
We as a band are taking the summer to ensure the songs are polished to shine ; working on new songs like `` enepec '' , a song about decisions and their consequences . We 're giving new light to songs like `` Out of the Shadows '' to share the song in it 's full intensity . A few songs will reflect the happier side of my life , as I 've finally come to a place where I can see the shimmer around me .
To bridge my two albums , Blanket Fort Films reached out to me in May and offered to shoot a music video for me . Without hesitation I said yes . The people in Seattle believe in me , and I need you to believe in me too . You can see the music video for `` Fall '' here on August 17th !
Who are we ?
This project has the support of many people , and everyone of them trust me to ensure this vision becomes a reality . I am Claire Michelle , the one writing these words and giving you the emotional outpouring of music . Like most trans stories go I was kicked out and put on the street 3 years ago , but this is not a sob story . This is what makes me unique . I saw it as an opportunity to start over . I took to Seattle and the last 3 years I 've risen up and become an extremely confident , hardworking , and respected individual here in Seattle . I have no doubt about the success I will find in my life , and I 'm working myself like a dog to ensure that I live my life to the fullest .
Here on this particular project we have three people bringing an incredible amount of skills to the table .
Aline Vida helped in the early stages to organize and conceptualize everything ! Rakesh Maliek is the one who will be bringing me to you . He 's the one handling all the technical aspects of the live stream and ensuring you have a seamless experience . Finally , we have Katherine Lawrence , a friend from my college days and a talented writer . Katherine is our PR representative and may be how you heard about this project , without them this project may be a lot smaller .
The next group of people are perhaps the most important to me , they create depth to the sound and tug at my emotions with every note . Jerett Samples plays some sick guitar , he 's a humble guy , but oh do they shred . Alyssa Martini plays a mean drum . She 's a multi instrumentalist and will be playing some harp on the album too ! Them LGBTQ roots bring another level of pride to this band as well ! Finally , our newest member , Ben Haber . Ben plays a wicked bass and creates so much tension in the music . He 's a teacher of music and crazy passionate about it all .
Finally , the most important people are the ones who keep my motivation high and my drive focused . They support me in every way . These people have faith in me and I ca n't thank them enough for their kind words and love . The viewers on my YouTube , the Instagrammers and Tweeters , my Patrons keeping me afloat , and the ones who write out their inner most secrets to me via email , you are my rock . You are the ones who I ca n't do without and you keep me grounded , thank you .
What 's in the future ?
The album my kickstarter is funding is only a piece of the puzzle . What I feel is missing for trans people is a representation of humanity . We 're still being talked about because we 're transgender not because of our talent and success . Through my success , I 've made it my mission to ensure I bring up more trans artists , and give them a voice to share their art and music through .
What 's the Flood Concert - Live Stream ?
Hey ! I 'm glad you asked . This stream is a concert I 'm putting on at the Rendezvous in Seattle . We will be playing for 1 hour and be featuring most of the music from Flood ! Think of this like a preview brought into your living room ! The Requisite will be joining us as well ! Maxwell the vocalist is a great friend of mine and I 'm really looking forward to having them play with us !
The live stream will be happening on the 25th at 9/6pst . If you 're one of the backers on this project , you 'll receive a link to the YouTube hosted stream ! RSVP on Facebook if you would !
The stream will consist between 6-8 cameras , some static , some right up with us on stage ! Colors , fog , and lights will be a part of this spectacle ! f all goes well , we 're going to take this stream and turn it into a live concert album as well !
Alright , let 's talk logistics .
So where exactly is this money going ?
$ 14,000 is going directly to album cost . This is paying the musicians performing and the time in the studio .
$ 3,000 is going to PR once the album is complete and nearly ready to be released . This money is going to sit under my mattress until then .
$ 2,500 will be going to the live stream and Rakesh . This is a multi camera stream and when it 's all said and done we 'll have a gorgeous live concert as well .
$ 2,750 will be going to Katherine our PR on this project . She 's contacting everyone and their brother ( or sister ) ( or non binary ) .
$ 500 will be going to Aline for their help with the conceptualization of this whole thing !
$ 22,750 is the total , it 's totally doable !
To summarize : the funds we raise from this project will go directly to a 10-12 song album and a portion will go to a basic PR package once the album is released . The rest of the money will go to the people behind the scenes who are working to get this Kickstarter out there ! With any additional funds raised , I will consider doing a bigger PR campaign and looking at touring in a larger way !
So ... when can we expect it all ?
We are aiming to release Flood around June of 2018 , we 'd like to tie it in with the pride to ensure a larger reach and give it more traction .
For rewards , you 'll be receiving them periodically over the next year . The more everyone pledges the more opportunities we have to share all the details with you .
So now I think that 's it ! As promised , here 's my first performance in Seattle . I covered Bryan John Appleby 's , Honey Jars . Thank you all so much for your support , I 'm very excited about the next month and I hope you are too .
COLUMBUS , Ohio – If you 've seen dozens of tweets in your timeline about NHL team home openers , it 's no coincidence . The green light has been given .
And so we 're following suit . Are you ready ?
The Blue Jackets open the new season on Thursday , Oct. 13 at Nationwide Arena when they host the Boston Bruins . Unfortunately , we do n't have much more information than that at the moment , but do n't worry . There 's more coming .
It 's expected the NHL and its 30 member clubs will announce their full regular season schedules early this week ( probably tomorrow ) , at which time you can analyze the road trips , back-to-backs , rivalry matchups and which games you 'll be traveling to see .
What 's more exciting is that in under four months ' time , we 'll be playing hockey again in Columbus .
Stick with us on BlueJackets.com in the days and weeks ahead as we continue to get you set for the 2016-17 season , the NHL Draft , development camp and free agency . There are busy ( and fun ! ) times in front of us .
While the entire country celebrates the medal winners and great achievers from India at the Rio Olympics 2016 , a certain section of the other Olympians were n't even recognised for their efforts and were left in a pathetic state . Case in point being the women 's hockey team which played in Rio .
On their journey back home , four members of the Indian Women 's Hockey Team , who hailed from Odisha , were made to sit on the floor of the train from Ranchi to Rourkela because their tickets were unconfirmed .
“ We asked the TTE to allot berths to us but they denied . After travelling for about an hour , we got seats . ”
Deep Grace Ekka , Namita Toppo , Lilima Minz , and Sunita Lakra were on board the Dhanbad-Alleppey Express on Saturday to return to their hometown of Odisha . Since they did not have confirmed berths allotted to them , they were made to sit on the floor and travel , until they got seats .
This shows a disparity in behaviour with our Olympians and how medal winners were awarded Khel Ratnas and BMWs and the ones who did n't shine were left in such sorry states .
Sundargarh sub-collector Himanshu Sekhar Behera was unhappy with this treatment and was quoted as saying , “ We will draw the attention of the railways about the incident . They should have been provided seats . It is the responsibility of the department to take care of them . ”
This difference in behaviour with our Olympians needs to change .
News source : Deccan Chronicle
Cover image sources : 1 & 2
An official at Sonoma State University ordered a student working at a first-year student orientation fair to remove or hide a cross necklace on two separate occasions . The unnamed official feared that other students could be offended by the two-inch-long symbol of Christianity .
The first of the two incidents occurred at the public school in Northern California 's wine country on June 27 , reports Fox News . The official , an orientation supervisor , warned Sonoma State student Audrey Jarvis that “ the chancellor ” enforced a policy against wearing religious items .
“ The chancellor ” is presumably Timothy P. White , the chancellor of the entire 23-school California State University system .
According to Hiram Sasser , an attorney representing Jarvis , the supervisor advised the practicing Catholic “ that they could not wear their cross necklace because it might offend others , it might make incoming students feel unwelcome . ”
Jarvis , 19 , said they were floored by the explanation .
“ I was offended because I believe as a Christian woman it is my prerogative to display my faith any way I like so long as it is not harming anyone else , ” they told Fox News . “ I was very hurt and felt as if the university 's mission statement — which includes tolerance and inclusivity to all — was violated . ”
On a second occasion , the supervisor ordered Jarvis to conceal the cross under their shirt or get rid of it . That 's when the liberal arts major decided to bail early on the orientation job .
Sasser , the director of litigation at the conservative- and Christian-oriented Liberty Institute , calls the supervisor 's actions “ obvious religious discrimination ” and is seeking an apology .
The attorney added that the law is pretty settled in this area . “ State employees may wear crosses while they are performing their duties as long as the wearing does not interfere with the employees ' duties or harm the employer 's business interests , ” Sasser counseled .
Management at Sonoma State , a school known mostly as a laidback hippie haven with a nice library , is apologizing repeatedly and without reservation .
“ Someone who works here was concerned that the cross might be off-putting to students who are coming to campus for the first time , ” confirmed university spokesperson Susan Kashack . They added that the supervisor 's behavior was “ completely wrong . ”
“ It was absolutely an inappropriate action for them to make that request of her , ” Kashack added , according to Fox News .
“ It 's possible that political correctness got out of hand . ”
Sonoma State President Ruben Arminana is in on the groveling as well .
“ The president was very upset about it and asked me to contact Miss Jarvis and give a profuse apology , ” Kashack said .
Kashack noted that school officials have communicated with the unidentified employee who ordered Jarvis to remove the cross necklace . However , they refused to disclose what was said or if they face any sort of consequences .
Follow Eric on Twitter and send education-related story tips to erico @ dailycaller.com .
In recent weeks Israel and Hizballah continued a time-honored tradition that tends to flare up in the hot months of summer : exchanging harsh words and threats regarding what each side will do to the other in the next war . These are not empty threats . Each side has the ability to inflict tremendous damage on the other . But even though both sides are ready for a war , neither Israel nor Hizballah wants one now . The main purpose of their heated rhetoric is the maintenance of deterrence and alertness . However , a recent development might raise the temperature even more .
In a speech at the Herzliya Conference on June 22 , Israel 's head of military intelligence , Maj. Gen. Herzi Halevi , basically confirmed prior reports in Arab media that the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) is working to establish an independent weapons industry in Lebanon focused on advanced missiles . This worrying development reportedly had become the focus of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) and the Israeli cabinet in recent weeks , with some wondering if there will be a point at which Israel will need to execute a preemptive strike in Lebanon that might spark a war .
Why the Iranian Shift ?
In recent years Israel attacked numerous arms shipments on their way to Hizballah . These advanced arms shipments reportedly included anti-ship missiles , surface-to-air missiles , and surface-to-surface ballistic missiles . Some of these missiles are accurate and can hit strategic sites in Israel , such as military bases and important civilian infrastructure . The Israeli prime minister and minister of defense time and time again said such capabilities in the hands of Hizballah would be a red line and insisted that Israel will act to prevent the flow of advanced weapons to the militant group . According to some estimates , Israel was able to destroy 60 percent of these advanced arms shipments . This might be cause for celebration , but it seems that these airstrikes changed something in Iran 's thinking .
Israeli media reported this week that the IRGC is pushing for a Hizballah-controlled advanced weapons industrial base because this would make Israel 's interdiction operations obsolete . Tehran likely hopes that Israel will avoid attacking Hizballah in Lebanon , fearing that such a direct attack might lead to war . As such , the closer the production line is to the customer , the better .
Iran 's calculus has some merit . It appears that Israel and Hizballah have an unspoken understanding : As long as Israel does not attack Hizballah on Lebanese soil and its attacks do not result in Hizballah casualties , the organization usually chooses not to retaliate . As Amos Harel , one of Israel 's leading national security journalists , noted , in recent years Israel targeted weapons shipments in Lebanon only one time , and after that Hizballah tried to retaliate using different proxies in the Golan .
For Iran , beyond avoiding the reach of the Israeli Air Force , there are other likely reasons to shift production to Lebanon . Iran will be able to avoid the logistical difficulties and costs of shipping these missiles from Iran to Syria and then to Lebanon . And if everything works out , Hizballah will likely have a larger and more advanced missile arsenal at its command , thereby strengthening its deterrence vis-à-vis Israel . Moreover , Iran will be able to have another hub for weapons production and distribution , not only to Hizballah , but also to other proxies in the region and beyond .
Will Israel 's Calculation Change ?
Last month , Israel warned Iran through European countries about this plan , which might suggest that these “ factories ” are still not up and running , and it is not yet clear what will be their capacity and to what extent they will improve Hizballah 's military arsenal in quantity and quality . Hizballah already has an estimated arsenal of more than 150,000 rockets and missiles , so if Israel did not go to war until now , why is this development different ?
The main difference touches on Hizballah 's ability to produce its own “ tie-breaking ” weapons , as Prime Minister Netanyahu called these advanced missiles . If Hizballah can build missiles with heavy payloads and advanced guidance systems , this creates a serious problem for Israel . Hizballah will be able to increase its arsenal of missiles that can hit any target in Israel and inflict significant damage . True , Israel has advanced missile defense systems , but if Hizballah will have hundreds of those advanced missiles , some will surely hit their target . So this is the dilemma : If Israel believes that a war with Hizballah is inevitable , as Hizballah is an Iranian proxy , and the Iranian regime keeps saying it wants to destroy Israel , then does not it makes sense to act now before Hizballah becomes even stronger ?
There is no simple answer . Israel almost always prefers to avoid a wider conflict , meaning long weeks of fighting that can hurt Israel 's economy and put a significant burden on its population . This is of course true on its northern front , as Hizballah 's military capabilities are much more advanced than Israel 's other foes , namely Hamas , and the costs to Israel will be significant . For that reason , any Israeli prime minister will think long and hard before launching an attack in Lebanon , especially because they or they will know the Israeli public will demand an explanation as to why a devastating war was necessary . Be that as it may , some might think that a one-off attack will not result in a war and can be manageable . If you asked some Israeli security analysts 10 years ago what will happen if Israel targets arms shipments on Syrian soil , some would have probably answered “ war , ” but today this happens with some regularity . Hizballah is and will probably continue to be preoccupied in Syria in the short term , meaning it might prefer to avoid a significant operation against Israel , so perhaps an Israeli military strike in the short term makes sense .
What are key Israeli officials saying ? Defense Minister Lieberman said the government is “ fully aware ” of the missile factories and understands “ what needs to be done. ” But they also added , “ There 's no need for either hysteria or euphoria on this issue. ” They continued , “ The State of Israel has no interest in initiating a military move , not in the north and not in the south , ” suggesting that any preemptive strike in Lebanon is not on the table . Israel 's Chief of Staff , Lt. Gen. Gadi Eisenkot , said on July 5 “ that Israel 's priority vis-à-vis Hizballah is to prevent the Shiite group from improving the accuracy of its missiles and rockets , ” but they added that Israelis need to “ put things in perspective and not panic . ”
Iran 's continued efforts to establish these weapons factories in Lebanon will increase the tensions on the Israeli-Lebanese front . For now , as this plan appears to be only in its early stages , and it seems that cool heads still prevail on both sides , there is still time to act diplomatically to avoid an escalatory scenario .
Nadav Pollak is a terrorism analyst at the Center on Extremism ( Anti-Defamation League ) . They are a former Research Fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Pollak also served as an NCO in the IDF Intelligence Corps .
ZF 24
Premierul Ponta a folosit în prezentarea bilanţului la doi ani de activitate un infografic publicat în Ziarul Financiar , fără să citeze sursa
Premierul Victor Ponta a folosit astăzi , în prezentarea bilanţului la doi ani de activitate , un infografic publicat de Ziarul Financiar pe 9 iulie 2014 , în pagina 3 , care ilustrează scăderea randamentelor la titlurile de stat în lei , fără să citeze însă sursa infograficului .
Datele arată “ evoluţia randamentelor medii la titlturile de stat în lei după maturitate în ultimii cinci ani ( % ) pe şase luni , 12 luni , trei ani , cinci ani şi 10 ani ” . Titlul graficului , compoziţia sa , culorile folosite , maturităţile şi exemplele date sunt identice , după cum se poate vedea în imaginile ataşate . De asemenea , nota explicativă , “ randamentele 2009-2013 sunt pentru luna decembrie , iar cele din 2014 sunt pentru martie şi iunie ” , este identică .
Sursa datelor este mfinante.ro , de unde ar fi putut şi specialiştii premierului Ponta să culeagă aceste date şi să-şi realizeze propriul infografic , cum a fost cazul cu celelalte date macroeconomice prezentate astăzi .
Ziarul Financiar , 9 iulie 2014
Sursa datelor este mfinante.ro , de unde ar fi putut şi specialiştii premierului Ponta să culeagă aceste date şi să-şi realizeze propriul infografic , cum a fost cazul cu celelalte date macroeconomice prezentate astăzi .
Prezentarea premierului Victor Ponta , 22 iulie 2014
UPDATE : 23 iulie : Guvernul a corectat în prezentarea premierului privind economia la 2 ani de la preluarea guvernării sursa infograficului referitor la randamentele titlurilor de stat în lei , indicând că ea este zf.ro .
WASHINGTON , Sept 4 ( Reuters ) - Leading Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday broke away from stances held by many of their rivals on issues ranging from the Iran nuclear deal to the gay marriage fight in Kentucky .
Trump 's statements in a lengthy interview on MSNBC came one day after signing the party 's loyalty pledge .
They called the Iran nuclear agreement “ a disastrous deal ” and “ a horrible contract , ” but said they would work with it .
Many of the 16 other Republicans seeking the party 's nomination for the 2016 presidential election have vowed to immediately undo the Obama administration 's agreement if they win office . But Trump , a wealthy business person , reiterated their view that too much money was at stake and their rivals were wrong to say they would rip it up .
“ This is the perfect example of taking over a bad contract , ” they said , adding that they would be tough in enforcing it .
Closer to home , Trump also eschewed rivals on the Kentucky battle over gay marriage . Some Republicans loudly backed Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis , who opted for jail time rather than issue any marriage licenses following the U.S. Supreme Court 's June ruling in support of gay marriage .
“ We are a nation of laws , ” Trump said . “ The decision 's been made , and that 's the law of the land . ”
Davis could authorize their deputies to sign the paperwork instead , they said . Early on Friday , their office began issuing licenses .
On Thursday , Trump signed a loyalty pledge from the head of the Republican National Committee and , after weeks of flirting with the idea , vowed to not launch a third-party candidacy .
“ I 'm not taking anything for granted , ” they told MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe ” program , acknowledging the wide Republican field . “ I understand ... it is a marathon . ”
On the European refugee crisis , Trump said that while the United States has its own border and immigration issues to grapple with , the situation was horrible . Few Republican presidential candidates have spoken out on the crisis , and even the White House has acknowledged it without announcing any action .
Asked whether the United States should accept more refugees fleeing violence in the Middle East , Trump said : “ Possibly yes ” but added that there were limited U.S. options to help .
On that point , they and other Republicans agree .
“ We have our own problems ; we have so many problems to solve , ” they said . “ Our country is broken. ” ( Reporting by Susan Heavey ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The Social Security Amendments of 1965 , which established Medicare and Medicaid , were approved by the House of Representatives on July 27 of that year and by the Senate on July 28 of that year . These life-saving , and life-transforming , measures became effective two days later , on July 30 , 1965 , when President Lyndon Johnson signed them into law . Ad Policy
As the 52nd anniversary of those historic dates approached this summer , Medicaid 's future was threatened by Republican members of Congress who in their rush to destroy President Obama 's legacy—via the repeal of the Affordable Care Act—also laid the groundwork for the destruction of President Johnson 's legacy .
There is no underestimating the significance of the failure of President Trump and their congressional allies to get their way in the early morning hours of July 28 , 2017 , when the Senate narrowly rejected the so-called “ skinny repeal ” that had been proposed by Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell . CNN referred to the 49-51 vote as “ a devastating setback to Republican efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare. ” But the Senate vote was about more than repealing the Affordable Care Act . Had the Senate approved the absurdly ill-defined “ skinny repeal ” legislation , activists and senators who opposed the measure feared that it would ultimately be sent to a House-Senate conference committee where , warned Maine Republican Senator Susan Collins , “ I believe a conference bill would include the kind of deep cuts to Medicaid that would be very problematic for the people I represented . ”
Collins voted “ no , ” as did two other Republicans , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , and John McCain of Arizona . They were accorded a good deal of credit for blocking McConnell 's move , as were Senate Democrats , who were united in their opposition .
But the greatest credit for blocking “ skinny repeal ” and averting schemes to cut and cap Medicaid—at least for this anniversary—goes to the remarkable activists who fought for their lives and for our future on Capitol Hill over the past several weeks . Americans who rely on Medicaid , for their own survival and for the survival of their children and families , traveled to Washington at great physical and economic expense to save the program—and to argue for a health-care system that provides all Americans with the care , assistance and dignity they have a right to demand . Called to action by ADAPT , a grassroots disability-rights organization with chapters in 30 states , and by Disability Action for America and other disability-rights organizations nationwide , and supported by brilliant organizers such as Ben Wikler , the Washington director of MoveOn.org , they recognized what was at stake . And they did what was necessary to make their presence known .
“ We must keep it up ! ” declared an ADAPT national action alert “ And while it 's important to work with our allies fighting against this bill , the importance of disability-led efforts can not be overstated . We are the ones who will be harmed first , and most , by this bill . We are responsible for getting our message through . Nothing about us without us !
“ Right now on Capitol Hill scary threats are being made to disability social justice , ” declared Colleen Flanagan of Disability Action . “ The future of disability rights can not afford us to delay in taking action ! ” Current Issue View our current issue
Courageous activists did take action . They kept vigils day and night , sleeping in wheelchairs when necessary . They participated in acts of nonviolent civil disobedience that led to daunting moments of confrontation and removal . They challenged the inaccessibility of public buildings—and public officials . They willingly faced arrest in what they termed a “ Fight for Life and Liberty. ” In Senate office buildings , they unfurled banners that declared : “ Capping Medicaid = Death 4 Disabled . ”
The protests were so bold , so effective , that congressional leaders were shaken . In one of the cruelest hoaxes of the current health-care debate , Republicans were spinning themselves as defenders of the very safety-net programs that their party once opposed and continues to threaten . House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , was making their usual empty promises—in hopes of enticing senators to entrust them to shape the future of the Medicare and Medicaid they have for so many years targeted . Wisconsin Republican Senator Ron Johnson tried to position themselves as a champion of “ traditional Medicare. ” Johnson grabbed lots of camera time by suggesting that they might split with McConnell , and by offering an amendment to “ end further enrollment in Medicaid expansion ” that they claimed was an effort “ to preserve and sustain Medicaid…not harming anybody , not children , not the disabled , not the elderly . ”
But what most excited Johnson appeared to be proposals for “ devolving the management back to the states , and putting some level of sustainability into an unsustainable entitlement program. ” Activists heard those words for what they were : a threat to constrain and “ devolve ” rather than expand and evolve an essential program . They took protests to their offices in Wisconsin and in Washington—as they did to those of other Republican senators .
Ultimately , Johnson voted with McConnell and Trump to open debate on the “ skinny repeal ” measure and then , on early Friday morning , to approve it . However , they were one of just 49 votes for “ skinny repeal ” and the risks it entailed . Fifty-one senators voted “ no , ” and do not doubt for a moment that the stalwart activism of disability-rights activists—their protests , their civil disobedience , their willingness to fight on even as some said the struggle was hopeless , and their resolute focus on threats to Medicaid—framed and extended the debate in essential ways . They are the true heroes of this struggle as the resistance celebrates now and as it prepares to confront the threats that are sure to come from a White House and a Congress that seeks not just to reverse Barack Obama 's accomplishments but those of Lyndon Baines Johnson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
Image : Plug In America
Image : Plug In America
In the past few years , there 's been a deluge of information about plug-in vehicles coming from almost every car company out there ( plus many startups , motorcycle companies , etc ) . It can be hard to keep track of all the release dates , technical specifications , etc , so Plug-In America 's Plug-in Vehicle Tracker promises to be useful . How does it work ? It 's very simple ... Read on for more details.The site is basically a list divided in three sections . Cars & Trucks , 2 & 3 Wheeler Vehicles , and Commercial Vehicles . Each section has three columns with information about Make , Model & Type , Features , Status , and a photo .
Looking at the list , the first thing that jumps at you is how few of those vehicles have the `` Available in USA Now '' badge . Only two have it in the Cars & Trucks section , the Tesla Roadster and the electric Tango . There are more in the 2 & 3-wheel vehicles , but apart from the NmG 3 wheel EV , they 're all electric motorcycles and scooters . On the commercial side , there 's an electric truck and an electric bus that are available in the USA , but that 's it .
A lot of those vehicles are planned for 2010 . Let 's just hope that in 2010 they wo n't be pushed back to 2011 , and in 2011 to 2012 , and so on ...
Via Plug-In America Vehicle Tracker
More Plug-in Hybrids and Electric Cars
From the Model S to the Lawsuit : Recent Tesla Motors News
Toyota to Lease 500 Lithium-Ion Plug-in Prius Hybrids , But Do n't Hold Your Breath ...
What Does GM 's Bankruptcy Mean for the Chevy Volt ?
Wall Street Journal Wants GM to Abandon the Volt
U.S. President Donald Trump gestures before delivering remarks on Americas military involvement in Afghanistan at the Fort Myer military base on August 21 , 2017 in Arlington , Virginia .
Reversing their past calls for a speedy exit , President Donald Trump recommitted the United States to the 16-year-old war in Afghanistan , declaring U.S. troops must `` fight to win . '' They pointedly declined to disclose how many more troops will be dispatched to wage America 's longest war .
In a prime-time address to unveil their new Afghanistan strategy , Trump said Monday the U.S. would shift away from a `` time-based '' approach , instead linking its assistance to results and to cooperation from the beleaguered Afghan government , Pakistan and others . They insisted it would be a `` regional '' strategy that addressed the roles played by other South Asian nations - especially Pakistan 's harboring of elements of the Taliban .
`` America will work with the Afghan government as long as we see determination and progress , '' Trump said . `` However , our commitment is not unlimited , and our support is not a blank check . ''
Although Trump insisted they would `` not talk about numbers of troops '' or telegraph military moves in advance , they hinted that he 'd embraced the Pentagon 's proposal to boost troop numbers by nearly 4,000 , augmenting the roughly 8,400 Americans there now .
Before becoming a candidate , Trump had ardently argued for a quick withdrawal from Afghanistan , calling the war a massive waste of U.S. `` blood and treasure '' and declaring on Twitter , `` Let 's get out ! '' Seven months into their presidency , they said Monday night that though their `` original instinct was to pull out , '' he 'd since determined that approach could create a vacuum that terrorists including al-Qaida and the Islamic State would `` instantly fill . ''
And while Trump has pledged to put `` America First , '' keeping U.S. interests above any others , their national security advisers have warned that the Afghan forces are still far too weak to succeed without help . Even now , Afghan 's government controls just half the country .
John McCain , the Senate Armed Services Committee chairperson who 'd criticized Trump for delays in presenting a plan , said the president was `` now moving us well beyond the prior administration 's failed strategy of merely postponing defeat . '' McCain also tweet praise from Trump 's speech writing , `` I commend @ POTUS 's new strategy for # Afghanistan . We must move past last admin 's failed policy of postponing defeat . '' Senators Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham , close allies to McCain on foreign policy , tweeted similar sentiments .
skip - Reps
I commend @ POTUS 's new strategy for # Afghanistan . We must move past last admin 's failed policy of postponing defeat . https : //t.co/ExDC4JqkHi pic.twitter.com/zZGqrkSD9i — John McCain ( @ SenJohnMcCain ) August 22 , 2017
Good # AfghanStrategy & excellent speech by @ POTUS laying it out to the nation . — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) August 22 , 2017
Between Afghanistan and Syria @ realDonaldTrump is showing the WILL to stand up to Radical Islam ...
.... unlike President Obama . — Lindsey Graham ( @ LindseyGrahamSC ) August 22 , 2017
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Breitbart News , now led by former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon , who is critical of military interventionism blasted Trump in its lead headline immediately after the speech saying , `` Trump reverses course , will send more troops to Afghanistan '' and `` Defends flip-flop in somber speech , '' punctuated with two words `` Endless war . ''
skip - Breit
Trump 's # Afghanistan speech was Obama 's speech minus the deadline & details . Like the bit about Pakistan , not convinced we can deliver India — Joel B. Pollak ( @ joelpollak ) August 22 , 2017
Obama 2009 : “ The days of providing a blank check are over . ”
Trump 2017 : “ Our support is not a blank check . '' — Charlie Spiering ( @ charliespiering ) August 22 , 2017
How it 's playing on Breitbart pic.twitter.com/xN4lvTviof — Ali Vitali ( @ alivitali ) August 22 , 2017
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said the speech was `` low on details but raises serious questions . ''
`` Tonight , the president said they knew what they were getting into and had a plan to go forward . Clearly , they did not , '' said Pelosi , D-Calif .
At its peak , the U.S. had roughly 100,000 in Afghanistan , under the Obama administration in 2010-2011 . The residual forces have been focused on advising and training Afghan forces and on counterterror operations - missions that are n't expected to dramatically change under Trump 's plan .
`` I share the America people 's frustration , '' Trump said . But they insisted , `` In the end , we will win . ''
The Paris Saint-Germain striker is arguably the best player in the world on current form after scoring five goals in two games .
World Player of the Week
Zlatan Ibrahimovic AGE 32 POSITION Forward PLAYS FOR Paris Saint-Germain WEEK IN NUMBERS
APPS ( GOALS SCORED ) 2 ( 5 ) TIME ON PITCH 180 PREVIOUS WINS 1
Bayer Leverkusen 0-4 Paris Saint-Germain Toulouse 2-4 Paris Saint-Germain
Five goals in two games make Zlatan Ibrahimovic arguably the best player in the world on current form .
At 32 , the striker is showing no signs of slowing down as they continue to surpass their own remarkable standards following another week of brilliance for the Ligue 1 champions .
Goal 's Hocine Harzoune said : `` His two goals in the 4-0 win over Bayer Leverkusen — one a stunning goal from the edge of the box — effectively sent Les Parisiens into the Champions League quarterfinals after the first leg .
`` Ibrahimovic then scored a hat trick in the 4-2 win over Toulouse to ensure PSG remains five points clear of second-place Monaco . Their first goal came from the penalty spot before a second-half header made it two , and they sealed their hat trick with a tap-in after their chipped penalty was saved by Zacharie Boucher . ''
Justice Department Dedicating 'All Necessary Resources ' To Review Emails Quickly
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 8:30 p.m . ET
In a letter to several Democratic senators Monday , the Justice Department said it `` will continue to work closely with the FBI and together , dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible '' regarding the review of thousands of newly discovered emails that may be relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton 's email server .
The letter , signed by Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik , came in response to four Senate Democrats who sent the Justice Department a strongly worded letter of their own , pressing for more details about precisely why FBI Director James Comey revived the inquiry into Clinton 's emails . That letter was signed by Patrick Leahy of Vermont , the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee ; Dianne Feinstein of California , the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee ; Tom Carper of Delaware , the top Democrat on the Homeland Security Committee ; and Ben Cardin of Maryland , the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee .
The letter did not discuss whether the department officials were on board with Comey 's decision to disclose the revived investigation last Friday .
Leahy , Feinstein , Carper and Cardin called Comey 's disclosure to Congress about the renewed probe `` vaguely worded '' and left `` so many questions unanswered . '' In particular , they wrote , `` it is not clear whether the emails identified by the FBI are even in the custody of the FBI , whether any of the emails have already been reviewed , whether Secretary Clinton sent or received them , or whether they even have any significance to the FBI 's previous investigation . ''
The senators had set a deadline of Monday for answers .
The DOJ letter did not include any more information about the investigation .
Republican Chuck Grassley , chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee and a fierce Clinton critic , sent a letter to Comey Monday , castigating them for not providing `` additional context '' to their disclosure .
`` Without additional context , your disclosure is not fair to Congress , the American people , or Secretary Clinton , '' Grassley wrote .
Grassley acknowledged DOJ faced a difficult decision about whether to disclose the new development , but said they were disappointed in Comey 's cryptic approach .
`` While I disagree with those who suggest you should have kept the FBI 's discovery secret until after the election , I agree that your disclosure did not go far enough , '' Grassley wrote . `` Unfortunately , your letter failed to give Congress and the American people enough context to evaluate the significance or full meaning of this development . ''
Grassley then laid out 10 questions for the FBI to answer , including whether the FBI had read the new emails , whether any of the emails are duplicates of those the bureau already investigated and exactly how the FBI learned of the existence of the new emails .
Grassley demanded answers to their questions by Nov. 4 .
Also on Monday , the White House carefully tried to steer clear of the political fight over Comey 's controversial decision to publicize a new round of scrutiny related to Clinton 's private email server .
`` I 'll neither defend nor criticize what Director Comey has decided to communicate to the public about this investigation , '' White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said Monday .
Comey has become a lightning rod since they notified Congress last Friday that agents had discovered additional emails that could be relevant to the server probe . Although Comey said they could n't be sure of the emails ' significance , the announcement — just a week and a half before the presidential election — sent shock waves through the political world .
Republicans , including Donald Trump , cheered the renewed scrutiny , while Democrats cried foul . The partisan sniping was the opposite of what it had been in July , when Comey concluded a lengthy investigation of Clinton 's private server with a finding that no reasonable prosecutor would bring criminal charges .
The new emails were discovered during an unrelated investigation of former Rep. Anthony Weiner , the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin .
Former Attorney General Eric Holder and others have criticized Comey for publicizing the renewed scrutiny at such a preliminary stage , before agents are even aware whether the emails contain additional information .
In an op-ed for the Washington Post , Holder pointed to long-standing Justice Department policies against taking actions near an election that could influence the outcome .
Earnest said they do n't think that was Comey 's intent .
`` The president does n't believe that Director Comey is intentionally trying to influence the outcome of an election , '' Earnest said . `` The president believes that Director Comey is a man of integrity . He 's a man of principle . And he 's a man of good character . ''
Obama appointed Comey to lead the FBI . They earlier held high-ranking positions in the George W. Bush administration .
Earnest added that even if there were not an election just over a week away , Justice Department guidelines typically limit what officials are allowed to say about investigations . They suggested that 's an important safeguard to protect innocent targets of a probe , given the government 's broad powers to gather information .
Officials at the Department of Justice urged Comey not to deliver their notice to Congress but did not order the FBI director to hold off . Doing so might have looked like the department was running interference on behalf of the Democratic presidential candidate .
The White House has also been careful about that , going to what Earnest called `` great lengths '' to insulate the FBI 's probe `` from even the appearance of political interference . ''
As NPR 's Carrie Johnson reports , the FBI is currently sifting through the newly discovered emails to figure out whether they are duplicates of what agents already read during the investigation of Clinton that ended in no criminal charges in July . Longtime friends tell Carrie that Comey felt boxed in by the situation — they had testified twice that the server investigation was over . But then they were faced with the new email findings , which they worried could leak .
Clinton has urged the FBI to put out more information , saying over the weekend that `` it 's pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election . ''
Image caption The cabinet meeting was the first in which an equal number of men and women took part
France 's new government has held its first cabinet meeting and announced a 30 % pay cut for President Francois Hollande and all their ministers .
A campaign promise , the cut reduces Mr Hollande 's monthly salary from 21,300 euros to 14,910 ( £12,000 ; $ 19,000 ) .
The cut contrasts sharply with predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy 's decision to increase their pay on entering office .
But the opposition UMP party argues that the new government has 14 more posts than Mr Sarkozy 's first cabinet .
UMP Secretary General Jean-Francois Cope said that the wage cut could not hide the reality .
`` Francois Hollande 's government is going to cost a great deal more to the taxpayer . As well as the extra 14 ministers , you have to add the dozens of extra colleagues . ''
However , it has also been pointed out that the outgoing government included 31 posts , three fewer than the one that started work on Thursday .
The pay cut was one of a number of steps announced by Mr Ayrault 's government . Another was a code of conduct against conflicts of interest .
`` We are here not only to manage the country , but to reform it , to overcome privileges and to improve the lives of the French people , '' said women 's rights minister Najat Vallaud-Belkacem . Another minister spoke of `` showing an example '' .
EU conference call
France 's new government
The new government comes into office at a critical time for the eurozone and with the declared aim of shifting EU policy on tackling the debt crisis .
Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici was clear that France wanted to renegotiate the EU 's fiscal pact on debt discipline . `` The treaty will not be ratified as is . It must be added to , completed with a growth amendment , '' they said .
The eurozone crisis has already risen to the top of Mr Hollande 's agenda , with a video-conference call on Thursday involving the leaders of Germany , the UK , Italy and the EU .
The call , originally planned by European Council President Herman Van Rompuy in advance of the G8 summit in the US , came as doubts surrounding Greece 's future membership of the euro affected Spain and Italy .
Spain officially entered recession on Thursday and shares in Bankia plunged , less than a week after the bank was taken over by the government . Bank shares fell in both Spain and Italy .
Significantly , Thursday 's cabinet meeting in Paris was the first in which an equal number of men and women took part , another of President Hollande 's campaign promises .
`` It 's a left-wing government that brings about parity - that 's worth underlining : and it 's a major , historic event too , '' said former Socialist presidential candidate Segolene Royal .
There 's a good chance that John Y . Brown did n't have the million . It 's almost guaranteed . Even though Brown 's Kentucky Colonels had finally won an ABA title after seven years of disappointing finishes that included two finals losses and other heartbreakers , the owner still had to sell off one of their most prized assets to stay out of debt .
But that was the ABA for you . Always go big . You finally won a title ? Why not issue a million-dollar challenge to the best of the best ? A seven-game series for a seven-figure payout . There 's a sweet symmetry to it .
“ We would have killed them , ” says Dan Issel , a Colonel for five years .
If that was the case , then Brown was safe . Even though their Colonels were sagging financially , along with the rest of the ABA , the product on court was still stronger than Kentucky center Artis Gilmore , a sequoia of a man . Issel , Gilmore and Louie Dampier comprised the nucleus , and all three are in the Hall of Fame . It 's not at all crazy to think they would have dispatched the '75 Warriors , who were n't exactly the '95-96 Bulls .
“ We won [ the finals ] in five games , and [ playing Golden State ] would have been another five-game series , ” Issel says .
We never found out how the teams would have fared against each other , because it made no sense for the NBA to agree to such a meeting . When you are big brother , you do n't give the kid a shot at your title .
As it turns out , that 1975 championship season was just about the last moment of glory for the franchise , one of the original ABA teams and certainly one of the two or three most stables . One season later , the league merged with the NBA , sending four teams ( San Antonio , Indiana , Denver and the Nets ) to the big time , while Kentucky joined St. Louis and Virginia—not to mention Utah and San Diego , which died early in the '75-76 season—to the graveyard . ABA players were distributed to NBA teams like assets , and all that was left were red , white and blue memories .
“ We were all in it together , ” Issel says . “ You might take a swing at a guy during the course of a game , but you might go and have dinner with them later on . ”
The Colonels were a steady force in the ABA , and Issel , Gilmore and Dampier was as potent as any trio , no matter the league . Playing in Louisville 's Freedom Hall and capitalizing on the state 's affection for the University of Kentucky , the Colonels built a fan base and were rocks on a landscape that was always shifting . Sure , they had classic ABA moments , like when they used a female jockey ( briefly ) during a game and hired a pediatrician to be the team doctor , but everybody in the league did crazy stuff . The ABA began its existence in '67 with 11 teams , and only four made it to '76 in their same cities . Kentucky was one of them .
“ I thought the team was first class in every way , ” says Darel Carrier , who teamed with Dampier for five seasons . “ We stayed in the best motels and ate well . You 'd hear stories of roofs leaking and other things , but I did n't see that .
“ We had some really good basketball players . ”
* * *
The idea was to get more women to Colonels games ; that 's why Brown installed an all-female “ board of directors. ” It was ceremonial , of course ; they ran the team . But by appearing friendly , they hoped to increase attendance . Their wife Ellie was the chairperson , and one day during the '74-75 season , they and their fellow board members opened practice , but only to women . Issel estimates 300 people were in the stands when Hubie Brown , then a first-year coach , convened the workout .
Today , people know Brown as a TV analyst who breaks games into bite-sized portions that are easily digestible by viewers . When they stormed up and down the sidelines running teams , they were as caustic as could be , with a direct approach that included liberal doses of profanity . When they noticed the audience was n't taking interest in the proceedings , they stopped everything and issued a stern warning .
“ I was n't excited about you being here , ” Issel remembers them saying . “ If you ca n't be quiet and pay attention , you can get the fuck out of here . ”
That did it . “ Not another word was spoken , ” Issel says .
Brown 's arrival was the final ingredient in the Colonels ' championship quest . They had the players but lacked the kind of leadership provided by Brown , one of the first coaches to pay attention to advanced statistics and apply them during games . They later called the Colonels the best they ever coached .
“ When it came to coaching games , Hubie was the best I ever played for , ” Issel says .
It was n't always that way . Not that the Colonels were mismanaged . No team , no matter how talented , could have enjoyed the success Kentucky did with people on the bench who did n't know what they were doing . After stumbling in the Eastern semifinals their first two years , the Colonels reached the conference championship round in 1970 . The next year , new GM Mike Storen hired UK legend Frank Ramsey , who helped the Wildcats win the 1951 national title and had generally been accorded deity status in their home state . Though somewhat reluctant to assume the reins , they did so to help the struggling Colonels , although some wondered if it was a good idea .
Kentucky only went 32-35 under Ramsey , who took over 17 games into the season . But once the playoffs started , things changed . The Colonels dumped Florida and Virginia to reach the finals with Utah , which had won 58 games during the regular season , 14 more than Kentucky had . The series went the distance , but Utah prevailed . That was it for Ramsey , who resigned after the season . It did n't matter . Gilmore was on their way .
The Jacksonville University standout was technically a territorial property of the Floridians , based in Miami . The ABA , in an attempt to help attendance , encouraged teams to sign players who attended college close by . That 's how UK stars Dampier and Issel , not to mention Carrier , a Western Kentucky standout , ended up with the Colonels . Since the Floridians were one year away from extinction and were giving off the aroma of road kill , the idea of sending Gilmore to the franchise was ludicrous . The league held a meeting at which teams presented sealed bids for Gilmore . Storen pledged $ 3 million , a ridiculous figure for either league , but one that scared off other GMs . Kentucky got Gilmore and signed them to a 10-year deal worth $ 1.5 million , even though it was announced at $ 2.7 million . The numbers did n't matter . What was important was that Gilmore was a Colonel .
“ He was unbelievable , ” Issel says . “ His thighs ( 27 inches around ) were almost as big as their waist . ”
The arrival of Gilmore can not be understated for both the Colonels and the ABA . They would have easily been the top pick in the NBA Draft , ahead of Austin Carr and Sidney Wicks . Though they played just two years at Jacksonville , they averaged 24.3 ppg and 22.7 rpg and led the nation in rebounding twice . They helped the Dolphins to the 1970 NCAA Championship game , where they fell , 80-69 , to UCLA .
Standing 7-2 but looking far more imposing with a five-inch Afro , Gilmore was something of a mythical figure by the time they reached the NBA in '76 . They led the ABA in rebounding four of their five seasons and averaged 5.0 bpg as a rookie . With Gilmore protecting the rim , Kentucky could push way out on the men they were covering , secure in the fact that if they were beaten , A-Train was there .
“ Defense was an area I placed emphasis on , ” Gilmore says . “ I prided myself on making a contribution . ”
The '71-72 Colonels won an ABA-record 68 games but somehow lost in the Eastern semis to the Nets in six . They reached the finals in '73 but lost to Indiana in seven . It seemed ridiculous that a team with so much talent could n't win a championship . The Colonels certainly had offense . Issel scored 25 or more each of their first four seasons . “ Dan was a special , unique player , ” Gilmore says . “ He was able to stretch the floor and knock down shots from the perimeter . They could also put the ball on the floor. ” Gilmore was a regular 20-plus ppg sccorer , while also providing defense and rebounding .
Then there was Dampier . The Kentucky product was instrumental in Issel 's desire to join the Colonels , thanks to their friendship at UK when Dampier was a senior and Issel a first-year student . Barely 6-0 and a lean 170 pounds , Dampier was n't going to overwhelm anyone . Give them six inches , however , and they could squeeze off a shot anywhere . The all-time ABA leader in points scored , three-pointers made , assists and games , Dampier is one of the most underrated players in history , simply because the bulk of their career came in a league that received little national attention .
“ The second time I coached the Nuggets , I talked them into being one of my assistant coaches , ” says Issel , who presented Dampier at their 2015 Hall induction . “ Even at 60 , they were the best shooter in the gym . Not only was they accurate , they could get their shot away so quickly . They could n't jump , but when they came off a pick , if they had a sliver of daylight , it was going in . And Darel Carrier was a close second in terms of shooting . ”
Carrier came to the Colonels from the AAU ranks , where they played for the Phillips 66 team , which gave its players 20 gallons of gas for every three-pointer . “ I told Louie I never had to pay for gas , ” the marksman says . “ But I split it with my teammates. ” Carrier spent five years with the Colonels , leaving after the '71-72 season for Memphis , before a torn Achilles ended their career .
The ABA 's end came in 1976 , but Kentucky 's demise started a year earlier when owner John Brown decided to jettison a prime asset to save money . “ It was either me or Artis , ” Issel says . “ Someone told them Artis was going to have a longer career than I would , so I was sold to the Baltimore Claws. ” The Claws never paid up , so Brown shipped Issel to Denver , where they played 10 more seasons .
In 1976 , the Colonels lost a semifinal series to Issel and the Nuggets , who went on to drop a memorable final to Dr. J 's New York Nets . That was it for the ABA . Denver , San Antonio , Indiana and the Nets paid the $ 3 million fee to join the NBA . Brown declined . Gilmore was drafted by the Bulls ; Dampier went to the Spurs .
Issel has a picture from the day Gilmore was inducted into the Hall , with Issel , Moses Malone , Erving , George Gervin and David Thompson , all ABA alums .
“ There was a camaraderie that did n't exist across teams in the NBA , ” Issel says .
Kentucky was a big part of it .
—
Images via Getty
Victoria Justice is really exercising their funny bone . The actor-singer , who last had a regular series gig on MTV 's Eye Candy , is set to appear on Fox midseason comedy Cooper Barrett 's Guide to Surviving Life .
The Hollywood Reporter has learned that Justice has booked a recurring role on the half-hour . Them character , Romona Miller , a corporate shark who befriends Meaghan Rath 's character in an effort to get information on rival Cooper 's ( Jack Cutmore-Scott ) hangover cure . She 's described as `` a titanium-tough cookie beneath a beguiling exterior . '' It 's not yet clear how many episodes she 'll appear in .
Fox is bullish on Cooper Barrett . Despite its 2016 premiere , the network recently ordered another seven episodes of the series , bringing it to a full mideason 13 . Though no official premiere date is set , the show is intended to air in the Tuesday , 9:30 p.m. time slot after New Girl — once Scream Queens has wrapped its run .
As for Justice , this is not the actor ' first appearance on a broadcast comedy this season . They recently appeared on a live episode of NBC 's Undateable .
Justice is repped by UTA .
Claims abound that the `` secularisation thesis '' ( that society would steadily become less religious ) has been proved false . The 2001 census reported that over 70 % of people were Christian , and faith communities are rarely out of the news . But the Office of National Statistics admits that the census targets mere cultural affiliation : it is enough to have got married in church or to have been baptised as an infant ( so why the same question again next year ? ) . Meantime , church attendance remains at an all-time low and figures from Christian Research predict continued decline .
It is claimed that people believe without belonging : rather , people belong without believing . Non-religious parents almost invariably transmit their unbelief to their children , while half the children of believing parents fail to pick up the bug . Knowledge of the key claims of religion is abysmally low for a culturally Christian country . People are overwhelmingly hostile to faith schools ( unless they can use them as a middle-class bolthole for their own children ) and to religious influence over government .
Yet in an alarming sense the secularisation thesis has indeed proved false . The churches are making a huge comeback in their influence and power over our lives - and they are doing so with the complicity and encouragement of our politicians . It started with the Blair government 's instant acceptance of the Church of England 's 2001 plans to open more schools ( and use them to secure the church 's future rather than see them primarily as a public service ) . Then came the Home Office collaboration with religious leaders under the title Working Together - ministers explicitly excluded the humanists even from consultation and the resulting report said government departments should heed religious views and recommended , on the excuse that lack of resources rather than of followers was sapping religious influence , a Faith Communities Capacity Building Fund which over two years dished out almost £14 million . ( No one noticed that even the least well off of the six `` world '' religions has associated charities with combined incomes well over £10 million a year - whereas the humanists , supposedly so influential in secularising society , manage on less than half a million ! )
Further huge sums were handed out in misguided response to 9/11 , and faith advisors and panels sprang up all over Whitehall . Gaping exceptions were written into anti-discrimination laws to allow religious bodies to discriminate against not just other religions but gays and women too . Worse , under pressure from government , public services began to be contracted out to religious groups , with quite inadequate safeguards from religious discrimination for staff transferred from public employment or for service users .
All the time , however , bishops and politicians have conducted a campaign alleging that they are being sidelined or even persecuted - but persecution in this context is usually being required to respect the human rights of their fellow citizens in the few cases where they have not extracted exemptions .
The new government promises to be even worse . Communities secretary Eric Pickles has bought into the persecution line , saying :
`` Religion is often seen as a problem that needs solving . The new government sees it as part of the solution ; the days of the state trying to suppress Christianity and other faiths are over . ''
But this is not just a British phenomenon . In the rest of Europe , where religion is equally in decline , assiduous lobbying over fifteen years has won the Vatican and other religions direct access to the top-most levels of the European Union . The Lisbon Treaty requires the EU Commission , Council and Parliament to maintain `` an open , transparent and regular dialogue '' with the churches and other religions , and they plan to exploit their advantage to the full . In May the Catholic , Protestant and Orthodox bishops jointly submitted their demands to the EU in an unpublished letter : a similar submission in 2002 asked for the presidential level meetings , working sessions with officials and pre-legislative consultation that they have now got , plus a liaison office within the Commission offices `` to make use of the forward thinking that religions can offer with regards to policy-making '' . The Vatican has a large staff of lobbyists just down the road from the Berlaymont .
And pressure is being brought to bear in backrooms across Europe to put the secularisation process decisively into reverse . Last November the European Court of Human Rights ruled unanimously against the compulsory display of crucifixes on the wall of every Italian state school classroom as the infringement that it plainly is of parents ' rights to bring up their children in the religion or belief of their wish . In a far-reaching judgement the Court drew on impeccable principles of non-discrimination , respect for individual rights and separation of religion and politics , but the Italian right reacted furiously , and Italy launched an appeal to the Grand Chamber of the Court . The final judgement is not expected until the autumn but already Vatican allies are crowing at their coming victory . Gregor Puppinck of the staunchly Catholic European Centre for Law and Justice claims :
`` Three weeks after the hearing . . . every day it becomes clearer that a truly considerable victory has been achieved against the dynamic of secularization . ''
Let us ( if you will pardon the expression ) pray that they are wrong , for the implications and consequences of such a victory would be dire .
The Emerging Field of Health Data Science in Boston
Insight Data Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 29 , 2015
What if you could pick out early warning signs of heart conditions out of somebody 's Fitbit data ? It turns out that you can .
This technology was developed by Mike Klein , a neuroscience Ph.D out of McGill University , as part of the Insight Health Data Science Fellowship . Insight offers a Fellowship three times a year where academics learn the applied data science skills they need to work in industry . Klein had already used machine learning in their research — it comes in handy when interpreting fMRI data — but at Insight they picked up industry standard tools and data science workflows to handle messy datasets . As a long-time wearable enthusiast , Klein was fascinated by the Health eHeart study at UCSF — where over 30,000 participants contributed Fitbit step data and anonymized clinical information . After many hours of data wrangling and feature engineering , Mike was able to detect early warning signs of heart conditions based on Fitbit walking patterns .
“ I was excited to be able to leverage my existing knowledge of machine learning techniques to attack a problem in a new domain area with very different sorts of data . Both the industry focused tools and the pace ( a sprint ! ) were very different at Insight and , in the process , I learned a great deal about working with sparse/unbalanced datasets. ” says Mike Klein
“ Applying big data strategies to better inform decision making could generate up to $ 100 billion in value annually across the US healthcare system. ” — McKinsey , 2011
Klein was n't the only one in their cohort to come up with a data-driven solution during the intensive 7-week fellowship . Greg Koytiger , a former postdoc in systems biology at Harvard Medical School , was interested in precision medicine on cancer therapeutics . “ The motivation is to save time and cost on finding the right patients for the right treatment ” , Koytiger said . They built a series of models trained with gene expression profiles of human cancer cell lines to predict the link between genome-wide expression and drug sensitivity . By applying their models to breast cancer patients treated with Docetaxel , Koytiger correctly identified 91 % of responders and 85 % of non-responders .
“ Predicting drug response will help oncologists identify the right drug for their patients and , help pharmaceutical companies design targeted proof-of-concept trials for experimental therapeutics . Using sparse linear models allowed me to understand the genes responsible for drug resistance and sensitivity thereby shedding light on potentially interesting new biology. ” says Greg Koytiger , who recently signed an offer with Immuneering after completing the Health Data Science program .
Insight Health Data Science Fellows working on projects
These stories are just a snapshot of the emerging field of health data science . Across the health and life sciences sector , servers are overflowing with data : electronic medical records , claims data , genome sequences , drug screens , clinical trials records , longitudinal studies , and even quantified-self data and more . This information is a form of “ big data ” not only in sheer size but also in complexity , diversity , and chronicity . Health data scientists apply quantitative computational approaches to understand health data . We are starting to see how health data scientists could improve the efficiency of clinical trials , personalize health recommendations , build new tools for physicians , consumers , insurers and regulators , to name a few .
“ Applying big data strategies to better inform decision making could generate up to $ 100 billion in value annually across the US healthcare system. ” write the authors of Big Data : The Next Frontier for Innovation , Competition , and Productivity , a comprehensive research study published in 2011 by the McKinsey Global Institute .
“ Insight Fellows can have an outsized impact in the world by combining data science best practices from across various industries and applying them to healthcare and the life sciences ” — Jake , Founder of Insight
The challenge that health organizations face is to find data scientists with applied analytical training , and more importantly , an understanding of the problems in healthcare . The mission of the Insight Health Data Science program is to train academics to develop the applied data science skills required to meet these challenges . This summer , Novartis along with The Broad Institute , Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center , Athenahealth , Tamr , Seven Bridges Genomics , and many fast-growing health startups joined Insight for its inaugural Health Data Science Fellows Program .
Novartis ' Executive Director of Informatics Systems , Stephen Cleaver , commented “ Insight gives people a practical path to move into informatics ” .
Insight trains future health data scientists through an intensive 7-week Fellowship program in which Fellows build data products under the supervision of industry mentors . Insight Fellows come from world-class research programs with years of experience in data and code . Insight creates a collaborative learning environment where physicists , neuroscientists , statisticians , computational biologists , quantitative psychologists , biomedical engineers from Harvard , MIT , and other top schools bring their expertise and work together daily to build health-related products , using cutting-edge machine learning techniques and industry-relevant tools such as python , SQL , and Amazon Web Services . “ Insight Fellows can have an outsized impact in the world by combining data science best practices from across various industries and applying them to healthcare and the life sciences , ” says Jake Klamka , Insight 's founder .
Insight Fellows present and discuss projects at weekly meetings
During the first Health Data Science session , Insight Fellows worked on a variety of projects using rich public health data from dedicated databases , mining from unstructured social media data among other resources . To overcome the limited availability of sensitive , healthcare data , Insight brings industry and research partners together to identify real-world problems for Fellows to explore . Partners including UCSF Medical Center , Sage Bionetworks , Comprehend and One Codex .
Q & A session with Insight industry mentors
During the Health Data Science program , industry mentors came to Insight to share their perspectives on the emerging intersection of healthcare and data science . In the inaugural session , Fellows met with Anthony Philippakis , Venture Partner at Google Venture ; Andy Palmer , CEO at Tamr ; Zen Chu , faculty advisor at MIT Sloan School of Management ; Martin Leach , Vice President of R & D IT at Alexion Pharmaceuticals and Paul Nagy , co-director of the Johns Hopkins Medicine Technology Innovation Center and many others .
The Seven Bridges Genomics team visiting Insight Fellows
In addition , Insight engages its alumni community to provide mentorship for the current Health Data Science Fellows . Insight has been running for over 3 years , with programs in Silicon Valley , New York City , and Boston . Over 400 Insight alumni now work on leading data science and data engineering teams at Facebook , LinkedIn , Netflix , Uber , Airbnb , Apple , The New York Times , Bloomberg , Khan Academy , Invitae , 23andme , and many other top companies .
Insight Fellows preparing for interviews
The unique blend of thought-leaders , industry data teams and alumni provides Insight Fellows with an effective way of learning the opportunities and challenges in health data science . As Adam Jenkins , Insight alumnus and now a data scientist at Biogen , summarized :
“ Insight provided me with the opportunity to connect with industry leaders and to learn how professional data scientists shape companies . Through onsite company visits and mentoring with past Insight fellows who now hold industry positions , I was able to gain a firm grasp on the landscape a data scientist works within that I was unable to learn from an academic background . ”
Machine learning workshop with Insight alumnus
The first cohort of the Insight Health Data Science Fellows program are currently interviewing with various top data science teams in Boston . The next Insight Health Data Science Fellows Program will start in January 2016 . As Yan Kou , Program Director leading the Insight Health Data Science Fellows Program in Boston puts it , “ Our aim is to enable the future data science leaders in healthcare . ”
Image caption Edmondson ( l ) and Thurlbeck are suspected of having unlawfully intercepted voicemail messages
News of the World reporter and an ex-news editor have been arrested by police investigating allegations of phone hacking , the BBC understands .
Chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck , 50 , and former news editor Ian Edmondson , 42 , are suspected of having unlawfully intercepted voicemail messages .
The men voluntarily attended two London police stations and were later released on bail until September .
The News of the World 's owner said it was co-operating `` fully '' with police .
Scotland Yard said the arrested pair , who they have not identified , were also held on suspicion of conspiring to intercept communications .
News International co-operation
Mr Edmondson was sacked by the News of the World in January after evidence emerged linking them to hacking claims .
Their solicitor , Eddie Parladorio , said on Tuesday : `` I can confirm Mr Edmondson was arrested today . They attended voluntarily at the police station . Other than that I have no comment . ''
In a statement the newspaper 's owner , News International , said it had voluntarily approached the Metropolitan Police in January and provided information `` that led to the opening of the current police investigation '' .
`` News International terminated the employment of the assistant editor ( news ) of the News of the World at the same time . News International has consistently reiterated that it will not tolerate wrong-doing and is committed to acting on evidence , '' it said .
The latest arrests are the first since the Met Police reopened its inquiry - known as Operation Weeting - into claims that staff at the Sunday tabloid had hacked into the phone messages of celebrities and other public figures .
Image caption Keir Starmer QC has been hearing evidence on phone hacking
The arrests came as Keir Starmer QC , the director of public prosecutions , gave fresh evidence to MPs which appeared to contradict the evidence of John Yates , acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police .
Mr Yates had previously told the home affairs committee that there were only a small number of victims .
That was based on what they said had been legal advice that the police would have to prove that messages had been intercepted and also listened to before being heard by the recipient .
But in a letter clarifying the affair , Mr Starmer said that advice from Crown Prosecution Service lawyers to detectives `` did not limit the scope and extent of the criminal investigation '' .
The letter says that even though parts of the law were very much untested , one particular offence did not require police to prove that a message had been intercepted before the recipient heard it .
Sienna Miller ruling
In 2007 , the first police investigation into phone hacking led to the convictions and imprisonment of then News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire , who was employed by the paper .
Four alleged victims have reached out-of-court settlements with the newspaper , including celebrity publicist Max Clifford , who received a reported £1m .
Fourteen people , including football agent Sky Andrew , comedian Steve Coogan and sports commentator Andy Gray , are now suing News International .
It also emerged on Tuesday that actor Sienna Miller had obtained a court ruling ordering phone operator Vodafone to disclose data relating to other users - so-called third party disclosure .
Mr Justice Vos at the High Court heard that Vodafone did not oppose the orders sought by Ms Miller and publicist Ciara Parkes .
A number of other alleged victims have obtained similar disclosure applications against the Met Police backing their privacy claims .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Police are often heavily armed when they attempt to rescue victims of kidnap , like here in Banderilla
Mexico has published new sentencing guidelines that will double prison sentences for kidnapping .
The minimum prison term has risen from 20 to 40 years .
It will apply for all abductions , including those that last only a few hours or days , so-called `` express kidnappings '' .
The maximum prison sentence will rise from 50 to 140 years for those who kill their victims .
Kidnappings committed by a public security official , such as a member of the police or military , will be punished with up to 100 years in prison .
Kidnappers will also have to pay heavy fines .
In reality , few people ever receive sentences longer than 60 years for federal crimes , but kidnapping is considered in a separate category .
'Humanitarian emergency '
The number of kidnappings reported to the police has risen dramatically in Mexico in recent years .
In 2007 , 438 kidnappings were reported , but the number had risen to almost 1,700 last year .
And the government estimates the number of kidnappings reported to the police could be fewer than 2 % of the total .
If that is the case , the real number of abductions could be about 105,000 per year .
Analysts say accurate figures are hard to come by , as many abductions only last for hours or a few days until the victims empty their bank accounts at gunpoint or pay a ransom .
Most are never reported to the authorities for fear of reprisals from the criminal gang which carried out the kidnapping .
In January this year the Mexican government launched a nationwide effort to fight kidnapping .
A federal prosecutor , Renato Sales , was named to head an anti-kidnapping committee that would co-ordinate efforts to fight abductions in the 10 Mexican states ( out of 31 ) where 74 % of all kidnappings take place .
`` Mexico needs to deal quickly and efficiently with the humanitarian emergency that this crime entails , '' said Mr Sales at the time .
Eighty years ago this month , my uncle steered their open-cockpit Houston-Westland biplane toward Tibet , a young explorer hoping to be the first to set eyes on the summit of Everest .
Uncle Douglo is how I 've always thought of him , but their name was Douglas Douglas-Hamilton , Marquis of Douglas and Clydesdale . Most people knew them as just Clydesdale .
Also with him , as `` observer , '' was Stewart Blacker . Although primitive by today 's standards , their plane was a marvel of its day , with its supercharged Pegasus engine capable of soaring above 40,000 feet .
A second , similar plane , a Westland-Wallace , followed close behind , piloted by David McIntyre , with S.R . Bennett as observer .
The two biplanes had only rudimentary oxygen equipment and enough fuel on board for no more than 15 minutes flying time over the treacherous mountain .
Dressed in multilayers of sheepskin clothing , with inbuilt electric heating—essential to surviving the icy blast—-the men resembled outlandish monsters .
The lead aircraft was equipped with a fully automated Eagle III Williamson aerial camera to take the first images of the roof of the world .
They took off from Lalbalu airstrip in the Indian state of Bihar , at about 8:30 a.m. on April 3 , 1933—less than a decade after the climbers George Mallory and Sandy Irvine had disappeared in their bid to summit Everest .
In addition to wanting to be the first to look down on the mountain from the sky , Clydesdale was hoping to capture some sign of what had befallen the two climbers , some clue that might help solve the mystery surrounding their fate .
View Images
A Matter of Honor
Great Britain 's national pride rested on the aviators ' shoulders . If they failed , other countries were poised to make their own aerial expeditions .
There was also a strong scientific intent , as the terrain around the south side of Everest had never been explored or mapped .
But the flight almost ended in disaster . Approaching Everest on its leeward side , the Westland was caught in a fearsome downdraft .
`` We were in a serious position , '' Clydesdale later wrote with understatement .
Only when a counter updraft of similar strength caught the plane were they able to scrape over the wind-raked summit by 100 feet . Everest had been cleared , my uncle admitted , `` by a more minute margin than they cared to think about , now or ever . ''
Clydesdale had seen the top of Everest with their bare eyes , but the camera had n't delivered usable photos—dust problems , apparently .
Another Try
Given the dramas of the first attempt , and the uncertain weather over Everest , Air Commodore Peregrine Fellowes , the leader of the expedition , deemed a second try too risky . But the young men were determined .
Sixteen days later , on April 19 , in a magnificent act of insubordination , they made another run .
They cleared the summit again , noting the plume of snow streaming from Everest 's crest . And this time they got good pictures .
The photographs showed no sign of Mallory or Irvine . But 20 years later , on May 29 , 1953 , details revealed in the images helped guide Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay to the top of Mount Everest .
All in the Family
Within a decade after Uncle Douglo 's Everest flights , they and their three brothers were pilots in the Royal Air Force , locked in the titanic Allied struggle against Hitler .
Clydesdale was mentioned in dispatches in the May 1940 Battle for France for hedge-hopping in a small plane to bring back news that German panzers were surging into France .
Their younger brother , Geordie , flew a Wellington bomber from England to Kenya and narrowly avoided being shot down over the Bay of Biscay when they were jumped by three German fighters .
The next-youngest brother , Malcolm , and the youngest of the four , my father , David , both flew Spitfires in some of the war 's most dramatic aerial battles .
By 1943 Malcolm and David had transferred to photo reconnaissance . They flew the lovely wooden-framed Mosquitoes—miracles of speed and inventiveness—deep over enemy territory .
The planes were equipped with F24 aerial cameras and oxygen , and they were easily capable of cruising at 40,000 feet .
On their return from a mission over the south of France to photograph the American advance , David was badly shot up . They made it as far as the final approach to home base when their engine failed .
My father and their observer were killed in the crash , and as far as I know , the photographs they 'd made that day were destroyed in the wreckage .
My cousin James Douglas-Hamilton became the family historian and wrote two books commemorating Uncle Douglo 's epic flights and my father 's Spitfire flying : Roof of the World : Man 's First Flight Over Everest and The Air Battle for Malta : The Diaries of a Spitfire Pilot .
I was two years old when my father died , so I never knew him . In the years since , my brother Diarmaid , two of my cousins , Angus and Niall , and I continued the family 's flying tradition .
Aloft for Elephants
I learned to fly in Tanzania in 1965 , where I was studying elephants . It was in the fourth year of my research into the intimate lives of these great creatures that I acquired an aeroplane : a Piper Pacer .
I too now soared over the hills and plains , exulting in the upthrusts of the thermals and peering down at the ground as I sought to understand the ecology of elephants from an aerial perspective .
My research supervisor , Dr. Hugh Lamprey , was passionate about taking photographs from the air . He 'd rigged an old wartime surplus camera—the same F24 model my father had flown with during the war—into the floor of a Super Cub .
Together we took images of the whole of Lake Manyara National Park , where I lived alongside 500 elephants . The pictures came out beautifully and could be compared with earlier ones to show where deforestation was happening and where it could be stopped .
The future of elephants , trees , habitats , and humans could be read in serial images from reconnaissance flights .
At the age of 70 , I 'm still flying . Sadly , my pictures now are too often of dead and dying elephants .
View Images A bush pilot for more than four decades , Iain Douglas-Hamilton , founder of Save the Elephants , uses their Cessna to monitor elephants in Kenya . Photograph by Michael Nichols , National Geographic
The photos are helping to document one of the greatest and most wasteful mammalian tragedies of our age : the destruction of Africa 's rhinos and elephants , which is raging as I write .
Just as the World War II aviators brought back near real-time images of changes in enemy dispositions , revealing strategic intentions , today 's bush pilots in East Africa are compiling a visual arsenal against poachers . It 's dangerous work , and the pilots often sustain gunfire .
Their photographs locate poachers ' night fires and pinpoint shapes flitting through the woods—people going about their nefarious work of killing for ivory . The images are used to direct ground forces to intercept poachers .
It 's possible that the elephant monitoring I do in my little Cessna 185 will one day all be done by satellites and drones . But I believe it will be a long time before the bush pilot , with all their versatility—flying at low altitudes in small planes carrying small cameras , filling in knowledge gaps with vital , immediate , and low-cost information—is replaced .
Until that day comes , we will be guided by the same spirit of adventure that spurred Uncle Douglo .
As I write , I 've just completed a flight over vast Tsavo National Park in Kenya , where some of the continent 's last great tuskers owe their future to the pilots who help protect them from above .
Return to Everest
Just last week James 's son—my cousin Charlie Douglas-Hamilton—flew to Everest as an observer , following in the aerial footsteps of their grandfather , peering down on those eternal snows , to commemorate the first overflight .
A group of Ultra-Nationalist rabbis wrote an open letter to John Kerry on Sunday comparing them to the Purim holiday villain Haman and accusing them of making “ a declaration of war against the Creator and Ruler of the universe . ”
The group , calling themselves Committee to Save the Land and People of Israel , wrote the letter over Kerry 's efforts over the negotiation process and warned if they do n't knock it off their fate will be divine punishment . They claimed to represent “ hundreds of other Rabbis in Israel and around the world . ”
The letter has gotten a lot of press . Yesterday two of the largest Orthodox Jewish organizations in the US , the Rabbinical Council of America ( RCA ) and the Orthodox Union ( OU ) issued a joint statement saying the letter contained “ extreme and offensive rhetoric ” and did n't represent them .
Here are portions of the rabbis ' letter from Jerusalem Post :
“ Your incessant efforts to expropriate integral parts of ourHoly Land and hand them over to Abbas 's terrorist gang , amount to a declaration of war against the Creator and Ruler of the universe ! For G-d awarded the entire Land of Israel to our ancestors , Abraham , Isaac and Jacob , in order that they bequeath it , as an everlasting inheritance , to their descendants , the Jewish people , until the end of all time , ” the letter reads . …. “ If you continue on this destructive path , you will ensure your everlasting disgrace in Jewish history for bringing calamity upon the Jewish people , ” continued the rabbis , comparing Kerry to Babylonian ruler Nebuchadnezzar II and Roman commander and future emperor Titus , the two enemies of the ancient Jewish kingdoms who destroyed the temples in Jerusalem and Jewish sovereignty in the Land of Israel along with them . “ By the power of our Holy Torah , we admonish you to cease immediately all efforts to achieve these disastrous agreements – in order to avoid severe heavenly punishment for everyone involved , ” they threatened . The letter was signed by Rabbi Wolpo , along with four other rabbis including Rabbi Yisrael Ariel , the founder and chairperson of the Temple Institute ; Rabbi Yigal Pizam , the dean of a yeshiva and a leader of the Chabad community in the Haifa neighborhood of Kiryat Shmuel ; Rabbi Gedalya Axelrod , the emeritus head of the Haifa Rabbinic Court ; and Rabbi Ben Tziyon Grossman from the town of Migdal Ha'emek .
Israel National News provided more detail :
The letter closed with a reference to the upcoming Jewish holiday of Purim , in which the Book of Esther records Haman 's genocidal plots against the Jewish people were turned against them and they were “ hung on the very same gallows they had prepared for Mordechai , the Jew. ” Employing the language of scripture , the rabbis warned “ conspire a planand it will be frustrated ; talk the talk and it will not be fulfilled , for G-d is with us ” ( Isaiah 9:5 ) .
I peeked around the mainstream media to see if Kerry had responded to the rabbis ' open letter and found nothing . But check out what Adam noticed from the State Dept 's Daily Press Briefing yesterday :
QUESTION : Are you satisfied with the attempts by Prime Minister Netanyahu and Tzipi Livni , Justice Minister Livni and other Israeli officials to tamp down some of the invective rhetoric coming from other Israeli officials , which now – and spiritual leaders as well ? I just saw something about a group of very Orthodox rabbis saying that the Secretary declared war on God , and using words like , well — MS. PSAKI : Well , I spoke with the Secretary about this particular issue – not your exact question , but this morning – and where they stand at this point is he 's not going to spend a lot of time worrying about words people are using against him . Their greatest concern about this is the impact they have or they could have on the process , that the words are n't an attack on him , they 're actually an attack on the peace process itself . They know that trying to create peace is n't a favor – and this is something they conveyed this morning – is n't a favor we 're doing , and it 's very much their view , for the Israelis and the Palestinians . It 's something that people in Israel and – the Israeli people and the Palestinians very much want . So while they have a tough skin and he 's been through a lot more difficult circumstances than having personal verbal attacks thrown at him , they are – they want the focus to be on these tough issues . QUESTION : Right , but considering – if , in fact , they do believe – and I 'm sure they probably do – that these are not really – these are attacks more against the peace process — MS. PSAKI : Mm-hmm . QUESTION : — and they are the messenger of the — MS. PSAKI : Mm-hmm . QUESTION : — of that peace process , are you satisfied with the attempts that have been made , apparently been made , by the prime minister and the justice minister , to rein – and the president of Israel also to try to rein in this – I do n't even know what you call it — MS. PSAKI : Sure . QUESTION : — rein in this clearly inflammatory rhetoric ? MS. PSAKI : Well , we 'll see what happens over the coming days and weeks , Matt . I think the challenge here is that it 's hard to evaluate until you have a circumstance . Obviously , the events of the last weekend , I think I 've spoken pretty extensively to those and the Secretary 's view on that . But we have a long way to go in this process , and I think their view is that some of this is a sign that the heat is on and we 're getting down to the difficult issues . So it 's hard for me to evaluate whether we 're satisfied or not . I think the question is whether their record and their words will continue to be mischaracterized . QUESTION : Well , maybe satisfied is the wrong word to use — MS. PSAKI : Mm-hmm . QUESTION : — but are you – do you think that – are you seeing the rhetoric being toned down now or not ? MS. PSAKI : Obviously , the comments this weekend were more heated than the comments over the last couple of days , but there continue to be concerning comments made . QUESTION : Right . MS. PSAKI : And I think what would be a successful outcome would be for parties to focus their efforts on grappling with these tough issues and taking on these tough issues , and that 's what they think the focus should be on . QUESTION : Did the Secretary watch — QUESTION : Just – could I just ask — MS. PSAKI : Let 's just do one at a time . Go ahead , Jo . QUESTION : Can I just ask — MS. PSAKI : Mm-hmm . QUESTION : — you said that the Secretary believes that these are n't an attack necessarily on them but attack on the peace process . Do they fear that it could – this invective could damage the peace process and the efforts to bridge the gaps ? Could it drive the sides further apart ? MS. PSAKI : Well , that process it ongoing even at the same time . And I talked about this a little bit earlier this week , but even on Sunday , they were meeting with Justice Minister Livni and Yitzhak Molho while some of these comments were being made . And certainly their hope is that the focus will be on what the lasting peace will bring to the Israeli and Palestinian people . And that 's what people will talk about . So — QUESTION : But you have an atmosphere which is already very tense . I mean , issues which have n't been decided or agreed on for the last 60 years . If you 've got this kind of poisonous atmosphere that 's being injected into the process , does n't that make their job more difficult ? MS. PSAKI : Well , any rhetoric is – any damaging rhetoric or rhetoric that is inaccurate and as critical as this is is never helpful . But I think the larger point here is this process is not about Secretary John Kerry . This process is about what the future for the Israeli and the Palestinian people and the prospects of peace and security and prosperity . And that 's what they think people need – should be – need to be reminded of , in addition to the fact that this kind of attacks are unacceptable , and they not only distort their record but they distract from the real issues at hand .
Haaretz explains in The cursing of Ariel Sharon , these kinds of warnings have been issued against politicians and journalists in the past :
Over the years it was used ( or claimed to have been used after various figures met untimely deaths ) against politicians and journalists who angered the ultra-Orthodox , and architects and archaeologists who were accused of having disturbed ancient graves . In the 1990s , it became the preserve of the most extreme fringe of the settler camp when the kabbalist texts were uttered against Yitzhak Rabin , for the sin of signing the Oslo Accords with the Palestine Liberation Organization . Some believers were quick to connect this with Rabin 's assassination a month later , while others accused those who participated in the curse of contributing to the incitement that drove Yigal Amir .
In other words , not routine , but not unusual either . The Times of Israel quote from the joint statement issued by the Rabbinical Council of America and the Orthodox Union , Orthodox groups bash comparison of Kerry to Haman :
Guinness World Records can today reveal the Top 50 Videogame Endings of All Time as voted for by 13,519 fans of gaming .
Conducted for the new Guinness World Records 2012 Gamer 's Edition book , the list will cause heated debate among passionate gamers and provide further evidence of the growing sophistication and popularity of videogames .
Last year 's best-selling videogame , Call of Duty : Black Ops , developed by Treyarch , tops the list .
The dramatic finale features a frantic shoot-out inside a submarine and provides our hero Mason the chance to take vengeance for a murdered friend .
The closing sequence offers a new twist on the classic JFK conspiracy theory .
Second place in the list is 2010 's Halo : Reach developed by Bungie . Another First-Person Shooter , Halo : Reach takes place in the year 2552 , with humanity locked in a war with the alien Covenant .
During the post credits sequence the player 's character , Noble Six , makes a final stand against impossible odds . Although they are eventually overwhelmed , their sacrifice ensures that the 'Master Chief ' survives .
Over 13 years old , Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time takes third place in the list . One of the best loved games of all time ends in classic fashion with our iconic character defeating Ganondorf and rescuing Princess Zelda .
The rest of the 50 offers a definitive list of the greatest videogame endings of all time . Notable entries include Red Dead Redemption ( 2010 ) which comes in at number 6 .
Rockstar 's mega-hit finishes like all good Western films with retribution , revenge and bloodshed .
At number 7 is Portal ( Valve , 2007 ) . The highly memorable ending breaks from tradition , with the final boss , GLaDOS , appearing to be defeated but then going on to perform a musical number titled 'Still Alive ' .
The song , written by nerd-folk artist Jonathan Coulton , has become a cult hit and been immortalised in numerous online tributes .
Quantic Dream 's highly innovative Heavy Rain ( 2010 ) makes up the 10 .
The game features 22 possible endings which add to the excitement of the thriller . Will your in-game choices result in the 'all round happy-ending ' or will they instead lead to an ending so dark that you 'll witness the deaths of most the game 's major characters .
Gaz Deaves , Gaming Editor for Guinness World Records 2012 Gamer 's Edition said : `` Everyone has an opinion on how to end a game whether it 's an epic boss fight , a clever plot twist or a 90-minute movie .
This list recognises some of the greatest endings and hopefully will get gamers talking about what are their favourites and why . ''
The full list is featured in the new Guinness World Records 2012 Gamer 's Edition book out now .
The book is also available in a fully illustrated , full colour eBook format at Kobo and Apple 's ibooks . Visit www.guinnessworldrecords.com/gamers for more information .
THE TOP 50 IN FULL
50 . Resident Evil 4
49 . Star Wars : Knights of the old Republic
48 . Ratchet & Clank : a Crack in Time
47 . Crysis 2
46 . The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion
45 . Call of Duty : World at War
44 . Star Wars : The Force Unleashed II
43 . Half-Life 2 : Episode Tow
42 . Super Metroid
41 . The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess
40 . New Super Mario Bros. Wii
39. inFamous
38 . Fallout 3
37 . Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas
36 . Gears of War 2
35 . Bioshock
34 . Starcraft II : Wings of Liberty
33 . Sonic Adventures 2
32 . Metal Gear Solid 3 : Snake Eater
31 . Kingdom Hearts II
30 . Mass Effect
29 . Super Mario Galaxy
28 . Sonic the Hedgehog
27 . Metal Gear Solid
26 . Assassin 's Creed II
25 . Assassin 's Creed
24 . Shadow of the Colossus
23 . Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare
22 . Kingdom Hearts
21 . Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves
20 . Super Mario Galaxy 2
19 . Mass Effect 2
18 . Grand Theft Auto IV
17 . Portal 2
16 . Assassin 's Creed : Brotherhood
15 . Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time
14 . Halo : Combat Evolved
13 . Halo 3
12 . Pokémon Black and White
11 . Super Mario Bros
10 . Heavy Rain
9 . Final Fantasy VII
8 . Metal Gear Solid 4
7 . Portal
6 . Red Dead Redemption
5 . God of War
4 . Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2
3 . The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time
2 . Halo : Reach
1 . Call of Duty : Black Ops
Last month , 8,000 public high school students in Montgomery County , Maryland , went home with fliers informing them that no one is `` born gay '' and offering therapy if they experienced `` unwanted same-sex attraction '' .
The group behind the flier , Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays and Gays ( PFOX ) , is n't the kind one expects to find represented in student backpacks . Peter Sprigg , a board member of PFOX who doubles as a senior fellow at the Family Research Council , recently told Chris Matthews that they believe `` gay behavior '' should be `` criminalized '' . PFOX president Greg Quinlan told another talk show host that gays and lesbians practice `` sexual cannibalism '' .
A number of Montgomery County parents , understandably concerned about the unusual flier , filed a letter of complaint with the school district . `` Everything in this flier makes it sound like the goal is to be ex-gay , '' said Ms Yount-Merrell , mother of a high-schooler . `` It reiterates a societal view that there 's something wrong with you … if you are n't heterosexual . And teenagers have a hard enough time . ''
In response to student questions , Superintendent Joshua Starr agreed that the flyer was `` reprehensible and deplorable '' . But they then pointed out , correctly , that they had no choice in the matter . A 2006 decision by the fourth circuit court of appeals made it clear that if the district allowed any outside groups to distribute fliers through the school , it could not exclude groups like PFOX .
The situation in Maryland may strike many readers as an anomalous event . One would think that it involves fringe characters , is unlikely to be repeated , and can be easily fixed with a new policy .
But none of that is true . In fact , similar events are taking place with increasing frequency nationwide , and they represent the wave of the future in America 's public schools . Indeed , at this very moment , the New York state assembly is deliberating a bill – already passed by the senate – that will allow New York 's public schools to double as a taxpayer-subsidized marketing channel for extremist groups of every variety .
How did this happen to our schools ?
Appropriately enough , it goes back to a lesson we all used to learn in school – but that many people seem to have forgotten . America 's founders understood very well that the freedom of religion and the separation of church and state are two sides of the same coin . Only by keeping government out of the religion business can we ensure that religion may go about its business freely . They also understood that , as a consequence , freedom of religion is different from freedom of speech . Indeed , they guaranteed those two freedoms in two separate and distinct clauses of the first amendment .
Over the past 20 years , legal advocacy groups of the religious right – a collection of entities that now command budgets totaling over $ 100m per year – have been pushing a new legal theory , one that has taken hold of some parts of the popular imagination and that has even been enshrined in recent judicial rulings . The essence of the theory is that religion is n't religion , after all ; it 's really just speech from a religious viewpoint . Borrowing from the rhetoric of the civil rights movements , the advocates of the new theory cry `` discrimination '' in the face of every attempt to treat religion as something different from any other kind of speech .
One implication of this novel theory is firmly embedded in the US supreme court 's 2001 6-3 decision in Milford Central School v The Good News Club . Justice Thomas stated in their majority opinion that to exclude a group from school because it is religious in nature is to discriminate against its religious viewpoint , and therefore to violate its free speech rights . No one challenges the exclusion of partisan political groups using the same thinking – we all recognize that partisan political groups are partisan in nature . But because religion alone is a `` viewpoint '' , opines Thomas , it is apparently different .
The other important implication is that the establishment clause of the first amendment – the part that is supposed to keep the government out of the religion business – has been diminished , especially in school-related cases .
Until 2006 , the Montgomery school district , like almost all school districts in the nation , had a degree of discretion in the materials it sent home with kids . Few people had previously questioned the school 's authority to set aside religious and partisan political material , for example . All of that changed when a group called the Child Evangelism Fellowship came to town . The Child Evangelism Fellowship is the sponsoring organization for Good News Clubs , which offer a program of sectarian indoctrination in over 3,400 public elementary schools nationwide .
Backed by the legal advocacy groups of the religious right , the Child Evangelism Fellowship sued the school district and won the right to have its fliers distributed by the schools . The district 's policy on fliers , the majority of the fourth circuit court ruled , was not `` viewpoint neutral '' .
The Child Evangelism Fellowship , in partnership with the religious advocacy groups , has litigated similar cases in numerous states , and is , at this moment , suing a school district in Arizona on the question of fliers . These efforts are all done in the name of `` religious freedom '' , and their advocates proudly announce their determination to fight `` discrimination '' . But , in fact , they undermine religious freedom and promote discrimination .
The fundamental problem with the claim that religion is just another form of speech is that it just is n't true . Religion is special ; and notwithstanding the new legal theory , our legal and constitutional system rightfully continues to recognize it as such . Thanks to the free exercise clause , religious groups are allowed to hire and fire people and select their members without regard to the laws that constrain other employers and groups . They receive significant tax benefits .
More to the point , religious groups are permitted to preach the kinds of doctrines – that homosexuality is an abomination , for example – for which non-religious groups would be excluded from schools and other government institutions . The cumulative effect of the court decisions based on the new legal theory is to force schools and other institutions to provide state-subsidized platforms for the dissemination of religious beliefs .
So , which religious groups may be expected to take advantage of this opportunity ?
Much can be learned from the experience over the past ten years in New York City , after the courts forced schools to become houses of worship on Sundays . Although the new churches represent a variety of faiths , the vast majority are conservative evangelical Christian ; a substantial number of these are part of national church-planting movements that happen to preach that same-sex relationships are an abomination .
The Child Evangelism Fellowship is represented at their national conventions by movement leaders who rail against the `` homosexual agenda '' and promote creationism . One keynote speaker has condemned interfaith marriage , which they referred to as `` interracial marriage '' . The leaders of the Alliance Defense Fund and the Liberty Counsel – the legal juggernauts that have made the new legal theory possible – have produced books whose titles say it all : The Homosexual Agenda : Exposing the Principal Threat to Religious Freedom Today , and Same-Sex Marriage : Putting Every Household at Risk .
They are perfectly entitled to their religion , of course . They are also , by virtue of recent court decisions , now entitled to promote this religion through America 's public schools .
The lesson we may learn from our experiences over the past decade is that the founding fathers were right , all along , in acknowledging that religion is more than simply a form of speech . They knew what some of our law-makers and policy-makers may have failed to grasp : when government gets mixed up in the religion business , no outcome is pretty .
Watch below as CNNMoney features The New York Palace and The Champagne Suite . Laurie Segall of CNN interviews General Manager , David Chase and Dom Pérignon Creator , Richard Geoffroy , on the inspiration of this unique suite . The Champagne Suite was designed by notable New York-based design firm BBG-BBGM , led by Interiors Partner and Principal Designer Amy Jakubowski , now Partner and Managing Director at Puccini Group . Rates for the suite begins at $ 25,000 per night .
New York Palace Hotel : The extravagant Champagne Suite was inspired by the exquisite taste of luxury champagne , such as Dom Perignon , sprawling 5,000 square feet over three floors of breathtaking vistas and spectacular décor . Carefully curated art and elements of contemporary opulence capture the varied richness of Manhattan life against a backdrop of warm blacks and bronze tones , creating an optimal atmosphere for relaxation and revelry .
The Maryland Stadium Authority has approved a team to explore expansion of the Baltimore Convention Center as well as construction of a new downtown arena and hotel .
The study will assess what combination of elements is feasible — a convention center expansion , hotel and new venue to replace Royal Farms Arena — and how they might fit together .
The team includes Ayers Saint Gross , a Baltimore design firm ; LMN Architects of Seattle ; Clark Construction of Bethesda ; Populous , a Kansas City firm that designed Oriole Park at Camden Yards ; and Perkins Eastman , a New York-based design firm .
The study is not to exceed $ 460,000 and is expected to be completed by the end of the year .
For years , officials at Visit Baltimore , which oversees the city 's convention business , have called on the city and state to improve the convention center , citing the need to compete with bigger facilities in other cities .
The issue was brought into greater focus by the 2013 decision by organizers of Otakon to move their growing anime convention to a larger center in Washington , D.C. , after 2016 .
In a more ambitious proposal , the convention center expansion would be combined with a new arena and hotel . The arena opened in 1962 as the Baltimore Civic Center and seats between 10,000 and 15,000 , depending on the event .
Funding for the study is being provided by public and private sources , including the city and state . Based on the recommendations , a second phase of the study may be authorized later .
The study team was approved by the stadium authority at its Tuesday meeting .
jebarker @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/sunjeffbarker
On Wednesday , November 29 , a Kansas City court sentenced a Missouri man to six years in federal prison without parole for hacking their former employer , stealing trade secrets , and for accessing child pornography .
The man is Jacob Raines , 38 , of Parkville , Missouri , who worked as IT manager for American Crane & Tractor Parts ( AC & TP ) in Kansas City from July 2004 until March 28 , 2014 , when they resigned their position .
New sysadmin catches former sysadmin stealing files via FTP
According to court documents obtained by Bleeping Computer , their former employer brought in a new IT manager to replace Raines after they left .
When the new manager took over their position , they deleted Raines ' old credentials for AC & TP 's network . The new IT manager also received Raines ' old computer .
On May 19 , 2014 , while using this computer , the new sysadmin noticed that someone had logged into the PC and started an FTP transfer , moving files to an off-company server .
AC & TP notified authorities and a subsequent forensic investigation revealed that Raines logged into their former computer via RDP three times , on May 16 , 18 , and 19 , with the purpose of stealing some of their former employer 's source code .
Investigators said Raines did n't try to hide their location , as an IP trace led them back to their AT & T home connection .
FBI has a surprise when searching Raines ' home
FBI agents executed a search warrant at Raines ' home on April 2 , 2015 . While they found evidence of Raines stealing AC & TP source code files , to their surprise , they also found forensic evidence suggesting Raines had accessed child-abuse images .
Agents found more than 7,000 image files and three video files of child pornography on a Memorex DVD . In addition , one of Raines ' computers contained evidence they used file-sharing peer-to-peer software to search for child pornography content .
Another of Raines ' computers contained further evidence . Investigators found over 3,900 thumbnail images and 260 icon images of child pornography in the hard drive 's unallocated space .
Further , they also found over 6,000 additional images and 25 videos in the unallocated space of a third hard drive that was found in Raines ' house .
Raines pleaded guilty in May this year .
Greg Abbott sustained second- and third-degree burns last week while on vacation in Jackson Hole , Wyoming . | AP Photo Texas Gov . Abbott will skip GOP convention
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott will not attend the Republican National Convention because they are still recovering from severe burns , the governor 's office confirmed Tuesday .
Abbott , who has been in a wheelchair since 1984 , sustained second- and third-degree burns last week while on vacation in Jackson Hole , Wyoming . They were burned by hot water on both feet and legs below the knees .
Story Continued Below
A spokesperson told POLITICO the governor was still recovering from the injuries and would not be able to travel to Cleveland where the convention begins Monday .
Abbott is the latest of many high-profile Republicans who will not be attending the convention , although many other leaders have decided not to attend because of Donald Trump 's nomination .
New research estimates that each year , 110 kids in the United States die from gun accidents . But how exactly does a child accidentally get shot with a gun ?
In their new study , researchers David Hemenway and Sara Solnick included short anecdotes of how victims of each age were shot . Those stories , some of them included below , are devastating — especially because the data shows these accidental deaths happen more than 100 times each year .
Two-thirds of the shootings involved someone else accidentally shooting the child — almost always a family member or friend . The rest of the shots are self-inflicted .
Hemenway and Solnick looked at 229 cases from 2005 to 2012 spanning 16 states . The data , from National Violent Death Reporting System , only allowed them to look at 16 states , which they used to extrapolate nationwide numbers . The researchers say the demographics of these states are a fair representation of the nation .
Bandai Namco has released information and screenshots of new characters Jimmy Ken and K , and the online battles mode in the upcoming Digimon Story : Cyber Sleuth Hacker 's Memory .
Get the details below .
Jimmy Ken and K
Hackers in the Digital World are divided into groups with different objectives . Some of them will cooperate , other ones will fight against each other in order to destroy the dimensional barriers and invade the real world . For example , the largest hacker group named “ Zaxon ” will strongly fight to protect the Digital World .
But one member , Jimmy Ken , is unsatisfied with the management of the group so they decided to create their own group called “ Demons. ” An active member of an indie band , this rock-and-roll hacker uses the Digimon Boltmon .
Confusion reigns in the Digital World especially with this mysterious hacker named K who wants to chase the criminal who is hunting for your account . K is a mysterious figure who offers the player their help throughout the game and uses the Digimon SkullSatamon . K is so veiled in mystery that we do n't know their or their true purpose .
Network Battles
In Digimon Story : Cyber Sleuth Hacker 's Memory players will be able to battle against each other with the Digimon they have trained . The Network Battle experience has been enhanced with a Rank Battle mode with pre-determined rules and rating points . Battle against players online to prove who is the best in the world ! Wins and losses will affect players ' overall rating points . When certain rating milestones are achieved , players will obtain a new rank . Winning battles will also net player 's coins which they can spend in the Coin Shop for accessories that can change their Digimon 's appearance !
Rules for Event Battle will change every two weeks . This special mode wo n't affect players ' score and they will be rewarded with items . Players should check-in to receive special items for each new event , including coins !
In the Free Rule Battle , players will be able to create a room with its own rules and invite up to eight friends .
The coins earned from the Rank and Event Battle modes can be used in the Coin Shop to purchase accessories to equip your Digimon or change the appearance of your character in the online mode .
Florida entered the final stage of the 2015 recruiting cycle in a precarious position . The Gators were coming off of a season in which they got blown out by Alabama on the road , Missouri at home , lost four of their final seven regular season games and stumbled to a 6–5 record before an uninspiring bowl win . After months of frenzied hot-seat speculation , coach Will Muschamp was fired .
To say that this environment—which also included in-state rival Florida State dusting off another unblemished run through the ACC—made recruiting difficult would be an understatement . Florida was stuck trying to persuade talented prospects with far more appealing alternatives to hop aboard what looked like a sinking ship .
Yet not only did new coach Jim McElwain get recruits to say yes while they were piecing together a coaching staff . They beat out big-time heavyweights for blue-chippers . On Feb. 2 , 2015 , Florida picked up a commitment Jordan Scarlett , a four-star running back from St. Thomas Aquinas ( Fla. ) High . Two days later , on National Signing Day , the Gators struck gold , landing four-star running back Jordan Cronkrite , five-star defensive end CeCe Jefferson and five-star offensive tackle Martez Ivey .
McElwain ultimately failed to sign the nation 's top overall prospect , Byron Cowart , but the star defensive end later admitted to AL.com that they “ probably would have gone to Florida ” had Muschamp not been hired as Auburn 's defensive coordinator after the Gators showed them the door . “ I think it 's pretty remarkable what Mac and those guys did with just such a short time , to really close as well as they did , ” says Blake Alderman , a recruiting analyst for Rivals affiliate InsideTheGators.com .
• RIVALS.COM : Catch up on all the biggest commitments of the past week
It was especially encouraging that Florida won over those other recruits in early February , before McElwain had a chance to prove their coaching chops in Gainesville . Nine games into their tenure , the program 's recruiting outlook is far brighter than expected because McElwain has the Gators way ahead of schedule on the field . Saturday 's victory over Vanderbilt clinched the SEC East , pushed the No . 10 Gators ' record to 8-1 and could result in a bump in the next edition of the College Football Playoff rankings .
That success has helped Florida build a 2016 recruiting class that currently counts commitments from 21 players and ranks 13th in the country , according to Rivals.com . The group includes six four-star prospects , including wide receiver Freddie Swain ; the nation 's No . 5-ranked cornerback , Chauncey Gardner ; and top-ranked weakside defensive end Antonneous Clayton . “ With the season [ McElwain has ] had , he 's really kind of caught a lot of eyes as far as recruits go , ” Alderman says .
There 's reason to believe the Gators will add more top-flight talent in the coming months , too .
Five-star defensive lineman Dexter Lawrence , five-star outside linebacker Lyndell “ Mack ” Wilson , five-star wide receiver Nate Craig-Meyers and four-star wide receivers Binjimen Victor and Tre Nixon are among the recruits believed to be considering Florida as their college destinations . The Gators could also attempt to “ flip ” the commitments of several other prospects , such as Auburn wide receiver pledge Elijah Stove and Miami wide receiver pledge Sam Bruce .
Lawrence , who attends Wake Forest ( N.C. ) High , has described Florida as their “ childhood favorite team ” and took an official visit to Gainesville in September . Tampa Catholic ( Fla. ) High 's Craig-Meyers is the half-brother of Gators commits Jayvaughn Meyers . Victor , from Coconut Creek ( Fla. ) High , told Rivals.com this month that Florida is “ surprising me this year. ” And St. Thomas Aquinas 's Bruce is committed to Miami but possibly could be swayed now that the Hurricanes are looking for a new coach after firing Al Golden .
The average star rating of Florida 's 2016 class ( 3.24 per Rivals.com ) lags behind that of seven other SEC programs : Alabama ( 3.61 ) , Georgia ( 3.59 ) , LSU ( 3.53 ) , Auburn ( 3.43 ) , Ole Miss ( 3.42 ) , Texas A & M ( 3.31 ) and Tennessee ( 3.29 ) . Yet given that 14 of the Gators ' commits rated three stars or lower pledged by early August—before McElwain could exhibit Florida 's on-field progress—it 's reasonable to expect the Gators will increase that figure before signing day .
“ I think when you look at their commitments , and some of the ones that maybe are n't as impressive , those were guys that they kind of took early on in the process , ” says Zach Abolverdi , who covers Florida 's football recruiting for The Gainesville Sun . “ I think that because they had yet to play , because the staff had yet to coach any games and show what the product is like on the field , maybe they did n't have that interest from some of those big-time recruits early on in this cycle . ”
They add , “ But now , you see Florida getting a lot of interest from the top prospects , and I would n't be surprised if this ends up being a top-five class with some of the targets that they still have left on the board . ”
One development of particular interest in Florida 's 2016 class is its attempt to address its quarterback situation . The Gators did not sign a QB in their '15 class after four-star dual threat Sheriron Jones decommitted in December and they failed to flip both Florida State 's Deondre Francois and Louisville 's Lamar Jackson . Florida already secured a commitment from one '16 signal caller , two-star Kyle Trask , but the program would like to add another player at the position in this cycle .
While the top quarterbacks in the class of 2016 all verbally committed to program months ago , reports suggest Florida is pursuing four-star LSU pledge Feleipe Franks , four-star Maryland pledge Dwayne Haskins Jr. and five-star Georgia pledge Jacob Eason . The top-ranked pro-style passer in the country , according to Rivals.com , Eason created headlines last week after—wait for it—he followed Gators offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier on Twitter .
If Florida were to flip one of those recruits , they may have the opportunity to compete for playing time right away . Barring a successful appeal , Will Grier 's NCAA suspension will force them to miss the first six games of the 2016 season . With Vanderbilt graduate transfer Josh Grady moving on after this year , that would leave only current starter Treon Harris , an effective runner but limited thrower ; Luke Del Rio , a former walk-on at Alabama who served as a backup at Oregon State ; and Trask early in '16 . Adding an A-lister like Eason , Franks or Haskins would provide more stability at quarterback in McElwain 's second season—or , at the very least , create more competition for Harris .
Even if Florida ca n't convince an elite signal-caller to join its 2016 class , it already has a four-star quarterback lined up for '17 in St. Thomas Aquinas 's Jake Allen . So while McElwain may not reel in a skilled triggerman for their offense this February , there is no shortage of talent in the pipeline .
In any case , the Gators ' uptick on offense this season ( they currently rank 46th in Football Outsiders ' offensive S & P + Ratings after finishing 72nd under Muschamp in 2014 ) —excepting Saturday 's woeful effort against the Commodores—is not going unnoticed . “ I think that the success they 're having is really catching a lot of eyes and I think it 's going to continue to help them out as they go into December and January when recruiting really heats up , ” Alderman says .
Whereas a year ago there was uncertainty over how Florida would hold together and attempt to add to its 2015 recruiting class amid mounting concerns over Muschamp 's future , the Gators enter the final stretch of this year 's regular season on solid ground . McElwain has done remarkable work in their first year on the job—he 's a prime contender for national coach of the year awards—and there is optimism about the program 's trajectory following a stretch of mediocrity . More on-field success will only enhance the program 's recruiting , and vice-versa .
In a state stuffed to the gills with Division I-caliber players , the right coach can stack double-digit-win seasons and top-five recruiting classes . Whether Florida can establish that consistency under McElwain remains to be seen . Early returns , though , suggest they are positioning the Gators for lasting success in the SEC .
You can make fake snow using a common polymer . The fake snow is non-toxic , feels cool to the touch , lasts for days , and looks similar to the real thing .
Key Takeaways : Make Fake Snow One of the easiest ways to make realistic fake snow is to mix sodium polyacrylate and water .
The resulting snow is white , wet , fluffy , and cool to the touch . It is also non-toxic and reuseable .
Sodium polyacrylate is a polymer used in disposable diapers , growing toys , sanitary napkins , and gel water sources .
Fake Snow Materials
You only need two simple materials for this project :
Sodium polyacrylate
Water
What You Do
There are a couple of ways to get the ingredient necessary to make fake polymer snow . You can purchase the fake snow or you can harvest sodium polyacrylate from common household sources . You can find sodium polyacrylate inside disposable diapers or as crystals in a garden center , used to help keep soil moist . All you need to do to make this type of fake snow is add water to the sodium polyacrylate . Add some water , mix the gel . Add more water until you have the desired amount of wetness . The gel will not dissolve . It 's just a matter of how slushy you want your snow . Sodium polyacrylate snow feels cool to the touch because it is mainly water . If you want to add more realism to the fake snow , you can refrigerate or freeze it . The gel will not melt . If it dries out , you can rehydrate it by adding water .
Helpful Tips
Fake snow is non-toxic , as you would expect from a material used in disposable diapers . However , do n't purposely eat it . Remember , `` non-toxic '' is not the same as `` edible . '' When you are done playing with fake snow , it 's safe to throw it away . Alternatively , you can dry it out to save and re-use . If you want yellow snow ( or some other color ) , you can mix food coloring into the fake snow . If you want drier snow , you can reduce the amount of water the polymer can absorb by adding a small amount of salt . Skin contact with the artificial snow could potentially cause a irritation or a rash . This is because leftover acrylic acid could remain as a by-product of sodium polyacrylate production . The level of acrylic acid is regulated for disposable diapers to be less than 300 PPM . If you choose another source for the chemical that is n't intended for human skin contact , the resulting snow could be itchy .
About Sodium Polyacrylate
Sodium polyacrylate is also known by the common name `` waterlock . '' The polymer is a sodium salt of acrylic acid with the chemical formula [ −CH 2 −CH ( CO 2 Na ) − ] n . The material is superabsorbent , with the capacity to absorb 100 to 1000 times its weight in water . While the sodium form of the polymer is most common , similar materials exist substituting potassium , lithium , or ammonium for sodium . While sodium-neutralized polymers are most common in diapers and feminine napkins , the potassium-neutralized polymer is more common in soil amendment products .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture developed the material in the early 1960s . Researchers sought a material to improve water retention in soils . Originally , the scientists developed a hydrolyzed product made from a starch-acrylonitrile co-polymer . This polymer , known as `` Super Slurper , '' absorbed over 400 times its weight in water , but did not release the water back again .
Many chemical companies worldwide joined the race to develop a super absorbent polymer . These included Dow Chemical , General Mills , Sanyo Chemical , Kao , Nihon Sarch , Dupont , and Sumitomo Chemical . The first commercial products resulting from the research were released in the early 1970s . However , the first applications were for adult incontinence products and feminine sanitary napkins , not soil amendments . The first use of a super absorbent polymer in a baby diaper was in 1982 .
Sources of Sodium Polyacrylate for Fake Snow
Disposable diapers and garden crystals are n't the only sources of sodium polyacrylate for fake snow . You can harvest it from the following products . If the particle size is too big for `` snowflakes , '' pulse the wet gel in a blender to reach the desired consistency .
Actress Penelope Cruz and their husband Javier Bardem have roused the fury of Hollywood producers , with pledges made to snub the Spanish couple .
Oscar-winner Bardem and Cruz signed an open letter speaking against `` the genocide perpetrated by the Israeli occupation army '' .
The letter accused Israel of `` advancing on Palestinian territories instead of withdrawing to the 1967 borders .
`` Gaza is living through horror… while the international community does nothing . ''
The Spanish letter was signed by 100 leading figures in the film industry , including director Pedro Almodovar .
One top producer who has worked with Cruz says they privately have vowed not to hire them again , according to the Hollywood Reporter .
Another top Hollywood executive also privately expressed their disapproval , saying he 's `` furious at Javier and Penelope '' and was n't sure about working with the Spanish couple again .
Relativity Media chief executive Ryan Kavanaugh was the only studio head willing to go public with their views : `` As the grandson of Holocaust survivors , I know that anyone call what 's going on in Israel 'genocide ' vs. self-defense is either ignorant and should n't be commenting or is truly anti-Semitic . ''
However , Kavanaugh does n't believe the letter will harm either of the actors ' careers as long as their films are box office hits .
As one film producer explained : `` I think the thing any executive or producer will try to calculate before working with Penelope Cruz or Javier Bardem in the near future is what their value is in the all-important international marketplace . And what territories they might have alienated people in by what they said . It might not be that many . But it 's really all about business . ''
Other Hollywood big names have waded into the controversy , including comedian Joan Rivers . When quizzed by a TMZ reporter on their thoughts about the 2,000 Palestinians who have so far been killed , they said : `` Oh my God ! Tell that to the people in Hiroshima .
`` Good . Good . When you declare war , you declare war . They started it . We now do n't count who 's dead . You 're dead , you deserve to be dead . Do n't you dare make me feel bad about that .
`` They were told to get out . They did n't get out . You do n't get out , you are an idiot . At least the ones that were killed were the ones with low IQs . ''
Watch Joan Rivers give their views on the Gaza Conflict
Naked Lunch at 50 :
An Interview with William S. Burroughs ( excerpt )
An online exclusive
In honor of the 50th anniversary of the publication of The Naked Lunch , we present this 1966 interview with William S. Burroughs , which originally appeared in Jaguar Magazine . It was excerpted here from Burroughs Live : The Collected Interviews of William S. Burroughs ( Semiotext ( e ) , 2001 ) .
PROPHET OR PORNOGRAPHER
New York , 1966
Jaguar Magazine : You have been accused of being generally against the establishment , and many of your critics read “ messages ” into much of what the average reader may think of as simply extremely sexy . I refer specifically to the fairly violent scene which might easily be re-read as a kind of social protest — perhaps against capital punishment .
William Burroughs : It 's a tract against capital punishment in the genre of Swift 's Modest Proposal . I was simply following a formula to its logical conclusion . Some people appear to have understood it . The publication of Naked Lunch in England practically coincided with their abolition of capital punishment . The book obviously had a certain effect .
JM : Stanley Edgar Hyman wrote an attack on Naked Lunch treating that section as straight hardcore pornography . How do you explain such a distinguished literary critic reading that passage as pornography ?
WB : I am not familiar with Mr. — what 's theirs name ?
JM : Stanley Edgar Hyman .
WB : [ Chuckling ] Hyman . I am not familiar with Mr. Hyman , so I really do n't know what their emotions were . So many people in the Western World are just automatically made ill by any sort of frank writing about sexual matters .
JM : Do you advocate , as part of personality development , that people use drugs and experiment with various sexual experiences , many of which would be illegal in America ?
WB : I feel that opiates — I include opium and all its derivatives , such as morphine , heroin , pantopon , etc . — are quite useless for any sort of creative work , useful though they may be for routine work . Much of the hard physical work in the Far East is done by opium addicts . On the other hand , the consciousness-expanding drugs — the hallucinogens , such as cannabis , mescaline , LSD , Psylocybin — I think are useful to a writer up to a certain point . That is , they open psychic areas that would not otherwise be available to the writer . But I feel that once these areas have been opened and the writer has reached them , they are able to get back there in the future without the drug . So , I certainly would n't advocate anyone using them on a regular or habitual basis .
JM : In the Introduction , you say that Naked Lunch deals with the “ algebra of need ” and that junk is “ the mold of monopoly and possession , ” by which you seem to imply that the junkie is representative of everybody else in an economy where power is centralized and monopolized . Is that correct ?
WB : Well , by the “ algebra of need ” I simply meant that , given certain known factors in an equation and the equation comprising a situation of absolute need — any form of need — you can predict the results . Leave a sick junkie in the back room of a drugstore and only one result is possible . The same is true of anyone in a state of absolute hunger , absolute fear , etc . The more absolute the need , the more predictable the behavior becomes until it is mathematically certain .
JM : In Naked Lunch , by combining autobiography with satire and fantasy , you confused some readers who could n't decide what was real and what was n't . Now , in your latest writings , instead of going back to something more normal , you 're going on into techniques even more radical , such as the cut-up method , in which you cut the pages into pieces and rearrange them and create what looks like chaos at first glance . Readers say that it is unintelligible and they simply can not read it .
WB : I think if a writer is not endeavoring to expand and alter consciousness in themselves and in their readers , they are not doing much of anything . It is precisely words , word lines , lines of words and images , and associations connected with these word and image lines in the brain , that keep you in present time , right where you are sitting now .
JM : The places that your characters visit in your books are places that do n't exist on the planet Earth , places like Interzone , Slotless City , Cut City , the Nova Ovens , Minraud , Upper Babboonsasshole . I have felt , and many people I have spoken to have a peculiar conviction about them , unlike any other fantasy writing , as if they actually existed . Have you actually visited these places while using consciousness expanding drugs ?
WB : Yes . I got a number of them while using yagé , the South American telepathic drug . Many of the more unpleasant ones I got with N-dimethyltriptamine dim-N. Minraud I got with mescaline . But all of these places have real origins . Interzone is very much modeled on Tangier in the old international days : it was an Interzone , it was no country . The jungle scenes come from my South American explorations . Upper Babboon 's asshole is Upper Babanasa actually .
During a joint news conference in Japan with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , President Trump rejected calls for gun control following a mass shooting that killed 26 parishioners at a Baptist church in Sutherland Springs , Texas this weekend . Trump said Sunday 's event , which represents the deadliest mass shooting in Texas history , “ is n't a guns situation . ”
“ We have a lot of mental health problems in our country as do others countries , but this is n't a guns situation , ” Trump said . “ We could go into it , but it 's a little bit soon to get into it . ”
Trump then alluded to the myth that “ good guys with guns , ” not gun control laws , are the key to stopping mass shootings .
“ Fortunately somebody else had a gun that was shooting in the opposite direction , otherwise it [ would n't have ] been as bad as it ways , it would 've been much worse , ” they said . “ But this is a mental health problem at the highest level . ”
Despite what Trump would have you believe , someone else “ shooting in the opposite direction ” did nothing to stop Sunday 's mass shooting .
Advertisement
The shooter allegedly responsible for the Sutherland Springs massacre — a 26-year-old former Air Force member named Devin Patrick Kelley who had a history of domestic violence — shot multiple people in the church with a Ranger military rifle in a matter of minutes . Authorities say that after they exited the church , an armed resident exchanged gunfire with Kelly and shot him . Kelly escaped and drove off in their vehicle ; they later crashed and was found dead in their car .
If the shooter was in fact stopped by an armed citizen what you are saying is 26 dead people is a successful version of your plan . — Timothy Simons ( @ timothycsimons ) November 6 , 2017
Trump is n't alone in thinking that more guns , not less , are the solution to mass shootings . Hours after Sunday 's shooting , Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton appeared on Fox News and urged people to respond to the news by bringing guns to church .
“ All I can say is , you know , in Texas at least we have the opportunity to have concealed-carry , and so if it 's a place where somebody has the ability to carry , there 's always the opportunity that gunman will be taken out before they have the opportunity to kill very many people , ” Paxton said . Later , they argued that we need to be “ arming some of the parishioners or the congregation so that they can respond if something like this , when something like this happens again . ”
But research indicates the “ good gun with a gun ” myth referenced by Trump and Paxton is just that — a myth .
A comprehensive study by the Violence Policy Center found guns “ are rarely used to kill criminals or stop crimes. ” In 2012 , “ for every justifiable homicide in the United States involving a gun , guns were used in 32 criminal homicides , ” researchers concluded . Another study by the University of Pennsylvania found that someone carrying a gun is “ 4.46 times more likely to be shot in an assault . ”
Advertisement
When a man allegedly began firing “ nonchalantly ” at shoppers in a Colorado Walmart last week , the fact that other people in the store were armed caused more problems than it solved . Police said that the fact so many people pulled their own weapons as shots rang out complicated the investigation . Ultimately , the shooter was n't apprehended for five hours .
Trump has a remarkably tight relationship with the National Rifle Organization , which spent more than $ 30 million to help them get elected . So perhaps it 's not a coincidence that the Trump administration never seems to think the time is right to discuss gun control .
The day after a gunman in Las Vegas killed 58 people early last month , White House Press Secretary Sarah Huackbee Sanders told reporters it was too soon to discuss gun control . Them comments echoed what Trump told reporters during Monday 's news conference in Japan .
The shooting in Sutherland Springs came less than two months after the Las Vegas attack — meaning that two of the five deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history have occurred in the last 35 days , and three of them have happened in the last two years .
The shooting in # SutherlandSprings was among the worst in U.S. history . 3 of the 5 deadliest shootings have come in the past 2 years . pic.twitter.com/dbpXPiXsw6 — Gabrielle Giffords ( @ GabbyGiffords ) November 6 , 2017
Trump 's comment about the Texas shooting being “ a mental health problem at the highest level ” is belied by their actions . Shortly after they took office , the Trump administration repealed an Obama-era regulation that prevented certain people with mental health conditions from buying firearms .
Squeak faced a tough journey when they were given no water on their flight to the UK
Feral cats in Greece eat tourist scraps during the summer but go hungry in winter
The Tilos stray is named Squeak as they made a crying sound as a kitten
Ali Gill paid more than £1,000 in air tickets and vet bills to rescue the Greek cat
A holidaymaker has spent £1,000 to bring a starving kitten back to England after falling in love with the vulnerable animal on a Greek island holiday .
Rejected by their mum and battling to survive with only half a tail and an injured leg , the tiny kitten was discovered by Ali Gill , of Penzance , Cornwall .
Now the compassionate holidaymakers have paid more than £1,000 in air tickets , taxi fares and vets ' bills in a two-month-long international rescue moggy mission to fly the little bundle of fur back to Britain .
Squeak the kitten was one of many cats abandoned on the Greek Island of Tilos
She 's made a loving new home for the twelve-week-old kitten who she 's named Squeak because of the pitiful cries they made when they first saw him .
The story began when Ali went to the tiny island of Tilos in the Aegean just over two months ago to stay with a friend , the author Jennifer Barclay .
Squeak was surviving in a cardboard box in an abandoned house in Megalo Horio . They had only half a tail and was rejected by their mother .
Times continued to be tough for Squeak when a bigger male cat attacked him , leaving them with an injured leg .
Huge numbers of stray cats roam the streets on the island of Tilos because while people believe in feeding them , neutering is not a common practice so they 're breeding out of control
Natacha , a French house-sitter , had discovered them and kept them safe in a cardboard box in the abandoned house , treating their injury and their fleas daily .
' I arrived at the end of May for a holiday , and helped to feed them and I quickly fell for him ' , said Ali Gill .
'He was very vocal as well as being playful , affectionate , plucky and determined to survive .
'He was amazing - right from the start , as soon as they saw me they started making this crying sound which is why I called them Squeak .
'Despite their injuries they looked so lovely and healthy - not like so many of the other strays on the island and I did n't want them to end up like all the rest . '
Homeward bound : New owner Ali Gill gets Squeak ready for their journey to Rhodes for quarantine
Them first thought was to find a home for Squeak on the island .
But on Tilos , as on many other Greek islands , there is a booming cat population , many of them strays , and most people who care already have enough to feed .
'Those same cats that are well fed all summer on prize morsels from homes and restaurants tend to go hungry after October when visitors leave and restaurants shut , leaving them to fight over what scraps they 're thrown by the much reduced winter population of the island ' said Ali .
'On Tilos the population goes down to 300 or so in winter .
'The local people feed as many cats as they can , but they do n't believe in neutering them .
'Foreign residents organise for the vet to come from nearby Rhodes once or twice a year to castrate the cats , in order to stop the island being knee-deep in underfed moggies . '
Travelling in comfort : Squeak was relaxed in their travel case as they prepared to head to their new home
Ali visited several potential homes for Squeak without any luck .
They posted a message on a Tilos Facebook page , which is used as a semi-official message board for residents and visitors , appealing for help but none materialised .
'In the meantime , I realised I had grown very attached to Squeak , and started to look into taking them back to Cornwall ' said Ali , who lives with partner Lyn and their four pet cats .
They phoned all the airlines and found the service Airborne Pets , who told them that cats can only be transported from Rhodes to the UK in the hold of the plane .
'The cost was high - £540 to £680 , depending on the flight - but at least I knew he 'd be safe , and would only have to endure a few hours of distress for a comfortable , healthy life . '
Home from home : Squeak has settled in well to their new life in Cornwall and is truly pampered
But they had to factor in the vets ' fees in Rhodes for a microchip , inoculations and pet passport , flea and earmite treatments , an airline-approved crate , plus three weeks in the kennels before Squeak would be given the all-clear to fly .
'It was a big financial commitment but I decided to go for it , and I would do extra work over the summer ' said Ali , who had to put in extra hours ' work as a therapist and family worker to pay for their passage from Greece .
When they took the ferry from Tilos to Rhodes for their flight home to the UK , Squeak was with them in theirs crate .
'He attracted a lot of attention from other passengers , but they still managed to sleep on board , clearly at ease ! ' they said .
Landed on their paws : Squeak has settled into their new Cornish home well , relaxing in the sun and receiving cuddles from their new owner Ali . The island moggy has been 'eating us out of house and home ' according to Ali
'We had 24 hours in Rhodes to make all the arrangements with the vet and the kennels .
'The main question remaining was how to get Squeak from the kennels on to the plane after their stay in the quarantine kennels , because I had to go back to Cornwall ahead of them to return to work .
' I was confident that the kennels would arrange it , but the owner was going away to their native Bulgaria , leaving the animals in the care of their elderly uncle .
'He could n't think of anyone who would take the cat to the airport .
'Then I met a taxi driver called Andonis , who had driven me back from the vet to my hotel with Squeak in their box . Andonis had two rescue cats of their own .
' I researched where Andonis would need to drop off the kitten at the airport , and Michaelis at the hotel Savoy in Rhodes town agreed to print out the information for him .
Settled : Ali says Squeak is now quite at home and is cuddly and playful and growing strong
'Thankfully , Andonis kept their promise - on the day of the flight , they picked up Squeak from the kennels and chauffeured them to Rhodes airport , then looked after them for another hour and a half when the Swissport officials refused to take them at the agreed time .
'At the eleventh hour , Squeak was put at risk once again when the Swissport officials gave them no water in their box for the four-hour flight to the UK .
'According to international shipping regulations , animals have to have water .
'Meanwhile , at the other end , I was making the five-hour drive from Penzance to Gatwick airport , where they were due to arrive at midnight - which added the cost of a hotel to the final bill !
'Squeak the survivor made it through , of course . They went berserk when we let them out of the box in the hotel room , joyfully bounding across every newly-experienced surface throughout most of the night .
'What a lucky cat - going to live in England ' , said a goat farmer from Megalo Horio . Squeak is fortunate where many Greek strays are not , fully recovering from injuries they got on the streets and finding a happy new home
'Now he 's settled in at our home . He 's very cuddly but still playful . He 's bigger and stronger , and the wound on their leg has n't healed completely but they no longer limps . You can feel where it was broken and was n't treated .
'And after their long , complicated and expensive journey , he 'll have a good , healthy life where they wo n't have to fight for food and shelter .
' I was told that Irini , a goat farmer from Megalo Horio , thinks it 's wonderful - they said `` What a lucky cat - going to live in England '' .
'It ended up being a much more expensive holiday than I thought , but Lyn was very supportive .
'Squeak is becoming confident with our other cats and he 's eating us out of house and home . '
The Greek Cat Welfare Society was set up to raise funds to help keep the area 's thriving feline population under control humanely .
Could the legalisation of medical marijuana in Utah lead to a bunch of bunnies running around as high as a kite ?
That 's the view of a US Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) agent who has warned of stoner rabbits running amok in the western state .
Matt Fairbanks told a senate panel that rabbits have “ already developed a taste for it ” and warned that other animals would too .
Mr Fairbanks explained their “ marijuana eradication team ” had seen large crops of illegal pot grown on Utah mountainsides destroying the environment .
“ I deal in facts , I deal in science , '' said Mr Fairbanks , who has worked for the state for ten years .
“ The deforestation has left marijuana growths [ and ] rabbits that have cultivated a taste for the marijuana .
“ One of them refused to leave us , and we took all the marijuana around him , but their natural instincts to run were somehow gone . ”
Marijuana is currently legal in Colorado and Washington - and now Alaska Photo : AP
They added : “ The ramifications to the flora , the animal life , the contaminated water are still unknown . ”
The senate panel were unconvinced by the rabbit arguments , however , and gave initial backing to a bill allowing those with debilitating diseases to use medical marijuana .
Jeremy Roberts , president of Medical Cannabis Payment Solutions , described the rabbit comments as “ hyperbole ” , adding the bill would mean medical marijuana would be grown indoors , the Guardian reports .
“ Evidently we hear that it makes rabbits go crazy if it 's grown in Utah , in the mountains , so one of the things we want to do is make sure we do n't have any crazed rabbits any more in Utah … ” they said .
Alaska recently became the third American state to allow the recreational use of marijuana .
For more stories , like the Telegraph 's Facebook page by clicking on the link below :
Did you start driving for Uber or Lyft last year ? Rent your house out through Airbnb ? You could be in for some surprises come tax time if you did n't pay any estimated taxes .
About 14.6 million people — roughly 10 percent of the U.S. workforce — were self-employed in 2014 , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data .
Of those , about 3.2 million are working in the so-called “ on-demand ” or gig economy , accord to Intuit , the software company that produces TurboTax . The company defines the on-demand economy “ as an online marketplace or application that connected providers-freelancers with customers . ”
In addition to transportation and home or apartment rentals , that also can include job sites or other services .
Some people just starting out with Uber , Airbnb or another on-demand service might not realize they 're in a business or are a business owner , said Lisa Greene-Lewis , a CPA and editor of the TurboTax blog .
“ It 's new and different , and everyone is super-excited about it , ” said Kathy Pickering , executive director of the Tax Institute at H & R Block , but the tax implications can catch people by surprise .
Drivers for Uber and similar companies are often considered independent contractors who are self-employed . Rather than receive a W-2 , they 'll get a 1099 form reporting their income .
“ It 's different from being an employee , where income taxes are automatically withheld , where Social Security and Medicare taxes are automatically withheld , ” said Barbara Weltman , a consultant and author of “ J.K . Lasser 's Guide to Self-Employment , ” and other books on taxes , law and finance .
“ The money comes in and they think it 's theirs to spend , and they do n't figure that a portion of what they take in has to be apportioned to taxes , ” they said .
Independent contractors are subject not only to regular income taxes but also to the self-employment tax , which the Internal Revenue Service says “ is a Social Security and Medicare tax primarily for individuals who work for themselves . ”
The taxes are on the business ' net profit .
“ The good news with Uber is everything is automated and tracked , ” Pickering said . That makes it easier to keep track of business mileage .
Keep track of other expenses too , like the cost of a car wash , or providing water or snacks for riders . “ You want to keep the best records you can so you do n't pay more taxes than you have to , ” they said .
But if the car also is used for personal use , you 'll have to determine how much and deduct only a percentage for business use .
Schedule C is used to report profit and loss from business income . Schedule SE is used to compute the self-employment tax .
Renting your home out through sites like Airbnb also can have tax implications , depending on how many days you rent it out .
People who live near the site of the Super Bowl , for instance , have rented their homes out for the long football weekend and taken in “ huge bucks , ” Weltman said . But if that 's all they do for the year , they 're not required to report the rental income for taxes . The threshold for reporting rental income is more than two weeks .
“ If you rent your home out for 15 days or more now , you need to start reporting that rental income and the expenses associated with it , ” Pickering said .
Deductible expenses like utilities must be allocated according to the proportion of business versus personal use .
Weltman recommends that people working in the on-demand economy set aside money to pay their tax bill so it “ does n't snowball into an amazing amount. ” That includes making estimated tax payments . Jan. 15 was the last date to pay estimated taxes for the fourth quarter of 2015 .
For more information , Publication 334 is the IRS ' Tax Guide for Small Business . Publication 527 focus on rental income and expenses , and Publication 463 provides information on the use of a car for business .
From a facebook campaigners page -So you may have seen the shiny happy headlines yesterday , saying that from March next year , medical cannabis will be legal in Qld.Here 's what they DIDNT tell you.Its a long post . Please read to the end so that you know what Qld really got ! Under the new legislation , anyone who is currently using cannabis for medical reasons , will remain a criminal.This bill will not help a SINGLE person in Qld who has been fighting for amnesty or approval to use their current cannabis medicine.Current patients using cannabis for medical purposes will NOT be covered under this bill . They will NOT become law abiding citizens.They will remain criminals and the max penalty for having , using , making , supplying a cannabis medicine that is not covered under an approval ( and none of the currently used products will be covered ) will be 750 penalty units ( $ 91 , 425 ) .So the children who are seeing seizure reduction using cannabis medicine , arent going to be covered under this bill.Children like Suli , who need urgent medical attention , but cant go to hospital because their cannabis medicine is not approved , wont be helped by this bill ... not even if it was in force as of yesterday.Adult patients currently using non pharma supplied cannabis medicines wont be law abiding citizens . They will remain criminals.When the govt say medical cannabis , they dont mean what you think they mean . They ARENT talking about giving people access to cannabis for medical use ( which is what people want ) .They are talking about imported pharma products , that need an approval from the TGA and also from the Qld chief executive.To the govt , `` medical cannabis '' = a pharma product , by prescription from a specialist , bought from a pharmacy.From the Qld govt media release yesterday - “ Before they can be prescribed , medicinal cannabis products will still need to be approved by the Therapeutic Goods Administration , ” they [ Cameron Dick ] said . `` The use of cannabis without the appropriate approvals will continue to be illegal in Queensland . `` Link here : http : //statements.ql ... icinal-cannabis They will only allow people to have this as a LAST option and given the time it takes for an approval , IF you get an approval , many people will have passed away.According to the Qld Health website - '' Medicinal cannabis will only be approved : - if the patient has already tried the conventional treatments available and these have failedAND- the doctor provides evidence that medicinal cannabis is effective for the particular condition or symptoms.These changes do not broadly legalise cannabis . Any cannabis grown , supplied or used outside of the proposed regulatory framework , at the commonwealth and state levels , will remain illegal , regardless of the motive . `` Qld Health link here : http : //statements.ql ... icinal-cannabis From the Qld govt website -ApprovalMedicinal cannabis will only be approved if you have already tried the conventional treatments available and these have failed . Your doctor will need to provide scientific evidence that medicinal cannabis is effective for your condition or symptoms.As there are currently no businesses licensed to manufacture medicinal cannabis in Australia , these products need to be imported . This requires both State and Commonwealth approval : Queensland Health : approves the prescription and dispensing of medicinal cannabis for your treatmentTherapeutic Goods Administration : approves medicinal cannabis products to be imported and for your doctor or pharmacist to supply the product to you.Medicinal cannabis is not on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme ( PBS ) so you will need to pay for all expenses.Link here ; https : //www.qld.gov .... abis/index.html We arent sure if there is any Dr in this country who can provide the required scientific evidence given that the govt say there is no evidence and call the evidence `` anecdotal '' .Other things they didnt tell you.The Qld chief executive can do a criminal history check on you before deciding on your application.Is there ANY other medication or treatment in this country that is approved or denied on the basis of someone 's criminal history ? If you get approval and live long enough to get an expensive imported product , you will have to keep in depth and extensive records in the form of a medical cannabis plan.You will only be able to get a weeks worth of your medicine from an approved pharmacist at a time.If you get your product , and it doesnt work for you or your child , or the dosage needs changing , you need a new approval.The approval expires annually.So what did Qld really get ? Continuation of cannabis prohibition.A bill that makes pharmaceutical cannabis products a last resort.A bill that makes it almost impossible for anyone to actually use a `` medical cannabis '' product while they are alive.A bill that continues to make it illegal to use whole plant cannabis medicines that are already made in Australia , safe and effective.A bill that forces people to use pharmaceutical products that will cost thousands of dollars and might not even work because every patient is different , what works for some , wont work for others.This is not progressive legislation , this is cruel and inhumane.Welcome to Qld , where they will squeeze the last dollar out of you before you die , no matter how long you have to suffer for before that ! Imagine having to go through this before you can get a script from your Dr for ANY other restricted or controlled medicine.Morphine , fentanyl , endone , oxycontin , valium , midazolam ... the list goes on and on of drugs that are actually dangerous but do not have any of these absurd conditions attached.People have cupboards full of these drugs and nobody checks on them.That will not be the case with `` medical cannabis '' .Cannabis has NO recorded lethal dose in humans , unlike every other drug that people can get from their Dr , yet will be almost impossible for anyone to access.This is not about patients , its about pharma profits and control.Please share so that everyone knows what a scam this is !
Getty Images
Edward Snowden , who became famous for leaking top-secret U.S. government documents , said today that the National Security Agency can get a look at information from Americans ' domestic phone calls without a warrant .
In an online discussion organized by the Guardian newspaper this morning , the 29-year-old former intelligence analyst said , when it comes to the contents of e-mail and phone calls , `` Americans ' communications are collected and viewed on a daily basis on the certification of an analyst rather than a warrant . ''
Intelligence analysts at the NSA , CIA , FBI , the Defense Intelligence Agency , and other similar arms of the government who have access to raw data can `` enter and get results for anything they want , '' said Snowden , who is believed to be in Hong Kong after leaving their home and girlfriend in Hawaii a few weeks ago .
One question in the Guardian chat asked Snowden : `` Can analysts listen to content of domestic calls without a warrant ? '' They replied :
NSA likes to use `` domestic '' as a weasel word here for a number of reasons ... The reality is that due to [ a 2008 federal law known as FAA 702 ] , Americans ' communications are collected and viewed on a daily basis on the certification of an analyst rather than a warrant . They excuse this as `` incidental '' collection , but at the end of the day , someone at NSA still has the content of your communications ... If I target for example an email address , for example under FAA 702 , and that email address sent something to you , Joe America , the analyst gets it . All of it . IPs , raw data , content , headers , attachments , everything . And it gets saved for a very long time -- and can be extended further with waivers rather than warrants . ''
On Sunday , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper released a carefully-worded statement in response to a CNET article and other reports questioning when intelligence analysts can listen to domestic phone calls . Clapper said : `` The statement that a single analyst can eavesdrop on domestic communications without proper legal authorization is incorrect and was not briefed to Congress . ''
The Guardian
Clapper 's statement refers to `` legal authorization '' -- not a traditional court order backed by the privacy-protective standard of probable cause . That suggests that some in the Obama administration may be interpreting the law to grant legal authorization to an analyst to review domestic phone calls and e-mail messages , said Kurt Opsahl , a senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation who has litigated domestic surveillance cases . ( U.S. intelligence officials have argued in the past that the president had the constitutional authority , no matter what the law says , to authorize domestic spying without warrants in some cases . )
`` The DNI has a history of playing games with wording , using terms with carefully obscured meanings to leave an impression different from the truth , '' Opsahl said today . `` The word choice here raises more questions than it answers . ''
An extensive legal brief ( PDF ) that EFF filed last fall in its ongoing lawsuit against the NSA concludes : `` The evidence shows that the NSA seeks a warrant only after the communication is initially acquired and analyzed by computers according to algorithms designed by humans , placed in a government database , and reviewed by an analyst . ''
The New York Times disclosed in 2009 that a secret NSA database , code-named PINWALE , archived foreign and domestic e-mail messages that analysts could search through `` without warrants '' as long as Americans ' correspondence did not amount to more than 30 percent of any database search . The newspaper said an `` analyst had been investigated because they had improperly accessed the personal e-mail of former President Bill Clinton , '' which seems unlikely to have happened if a court order was required to surveil Americans , Opsahl said . A Washington Post article this month disclosed that NSA analysts are supposed to use search terms `` designed to produce at least 51 percent confidence in a target 's 'foreignness . ' ''
Alan Butler , appellate advocacy counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center , which today asked the U.S. government to suspend its domestic surveillance programs , said Clapper 's carefully worded statement raises more questions than it answers :
Director Clapper 's response this weekend highlights the difficulty of having meaningful public debate about a program defined by legal terms-of-art with no public oversight . Their statement focuses primarily on the `` legal authorizations '' that consist of NSA and FBI targeting and minimization procedures . So far the government has provided almost no information about how these targeting and minimization procedures operate and whether they are legally sufficient ... Without transparency and a better explanation of these programs , there is no assurance that domestic communications are adequately protected . Many domestic communications could be swept up in these dragnet programs and subject to review by analysts according to internal policy rules that remain secret .
Earlier reports have indicated that the NSA has the ability to record nearly all domestic and international phone calls -- in case an analyst needed to access the recordings in the future . A Wired magazine article last year disclosed that the NSA has established `` listening posts '' that allow the agency to collect and sift through billions of phone calls through a massive new data center in Utah , `` whether they originate within the country or overseas . '' That includes not just metadata , but also the contents of the communications .
Documents that came to light in a different EFF lawsuit provide some insight into how the spy agency vacuums up data from telecommunications companies . Mark Klein , who worked as an AT & T technician for over 22 years , disclosed in 2006 ( PDF ) that they witnessed domestic voice and Internet traffic being surreptitiously `` diverted '' through a `` splitter cabinet '' to secure room 641A in one of the company 's San Francisco facilities . The room was accessible only to NSA-cleared technicians .
AT & T and other telecommunications companies that allow the NSA to tap into their fiber links receive absolute immunity from civil liability or criminal prosecution , thanks to a law that Congress enacted in 2008 and renewed in 2012 . It 's a series of amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , also known as the FISA Amendments Act .
Section 702 of the FAA says surveillance may be authorized by the attorney general and director of national intelligence without prior approval by the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , as long as minimization requirements and general procedures blessed by the court are followed .
The Obama administration has refused to disclose those secret requirements and procedures . Last week , EPIC asked ( PDF ) Congress to require the disclosure of `` all substantive legal interpretations '' of Section 702 of the FAA .
The BBC News app brings you news from the BBC and our global network of journalists.The app also offers the BBC World Service Radio streamed live , social features and personalisation so you can re-order the news categories to suit your interests.brings you the latest , breaking news from our trusted global network of journalists.is a feature allowing you to personalise your news offering.Add topics wherever you see the + icon for a quick route straight to the stories you care about.Stories from topics you add will appear in your . Here you can , and use thescreen to stay on top of the news of the day.The app can suggest topics based on your location , stories you 've recently viewed and what 's in the news now.And you can quickly find content and topics that interest you using the . Choose from the familiar list of BBC News indexes such as Politics , Business , Entertainment and Health or search for your own subjects of interest whether they 're people , places , things or themesWe now offer a fuller selection of stories from the newsroom , including : . Keep on top of popular stories and videos from across the BBC , regularly updated throughout the day , available in the Live tab , Expertise and insight from our journalists available 24-hours a day and ready to listen to in the background as you browse- Read the best journalism from- Access to our full range ofandfor the latest important news storiesFollow topics you are interested in and find them in the News tabover 3G and wifi- Improved . Download the latest stories when you have a signal and then read them at your leisure- Settings to allow the app to automaticallyto your social networks , or email/SMS to a friendto increase or decrease the story text size to suit you . Go deeper into a storyline with suggestions for further reading and viewing and a range of topics related to each storyIf you choose to receive push notifications , a unique identifier relating to your device will be stored by Urban Airship on behalf of the BBC to provide you with the service . You can choose to unsubscribe from BBC News push notifications in 'Settings'.No other personal data relating to you ( such as a username or email address ) is processed.The BBC will keep your information secure and not share it with anyone else in accordance with the BBC 's Privacy and Cookies Policy . To read BBC 's Privacy Policy go to http : //www.bbc.co.uk/privacy If you install this app you accept the BBC Terms of Use at http : //www.bbc.co.uk/terms You can choose to unsubscribe from push notifications in the app 's settings screen .
Four days after the NRA revealed its tentative support for a ban on “ bump stocks ” – a product that nobody had heard of until last week when Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock used them to convert semi-automatic rifles to fully auto – California Senator and vocal gun-control advocate Dianne Feinstein made a stunning admission on CBS 's “ Face the Nation ” when they said that `` no law would 've prevented Paddock '' from carrying out their deadly plan .
Paddock , Feinstein says , was a “ well-to-do ” man who “ was n't mentally ill ” ( this despite reports speculating that they may have been schizophrenic ) . Given their financial resources , grim determination and – most importantly – ability to easily pass background checks , their right to own a firearm was never in question .
JOHN DICKERSON : What do you make of increased sales of bump fire stocks in wake of this shooting and then now legislation ? DIANNE FEINSTEIN : See , I do n't know what to make of it . What this event said – this is a well-to-do man , they are n't mentally ill. Um , they are n't a criminal , they are n't a juvenile , they are n't gang banger , and they were able to buy 40 weapons over a period of time , have 12 bump stocks , line them up , break through two windows in their hotel suite , and take aim at tens of thousands - well I guess over a thousand people at a concert . And this was such a cross-section of America that it really struck at every one of us , that this could happen to you . And we want to stop it . JOHN DICKERSON : Could there have been any law passed that would 've stopped him ? DIANNE FEINSTEIN : No , they passed background checks registering for handguns and other weapons on multiple occasions . JOHN DICKERSON : From the other side , those who would like to restrict guns in America , who hear a bill targeted as you 've described it narrowly at this idea – at bump fire stocks – and say , `` The only way to stop this kind of situation in America is to ban these kinds of semi-automatic weapons , and weapons that can fire with rapidity , and anything short of that is insufficient . '' What do you say to those people ? DIANNE FEINSTEIN : I agree with them to a great extent . What I do n't – because , as you know , I did the assault weapons legislation in 1993 , which was law of the land for 10 years . So I believe , I mean I 've watched this thing from the Texas bell tower to today , in schools , in businesses , in workplaces . No one appears to be safe anywhere .
This admission from Feinstein is surprising , considering their longtime support for gun control ( she helped champion the 1993 assault weapons ban ) and the fact that they were one of the first to speak out about the need for more effective gun control laws following the Las Vegas shooting , offending many victims and their families in the process with their transparent attempt to politicize the tragedy .
Feinstein , it 's worth noting , is one of the sponsors of the bill to ban bump stocks that has garnered support from many Republican legislators and the White House . Bump stocks are already banned in California . The NRA has said it would support “ additional regulations ” on the devices .
“ Face the Nation ” Host John Dickerson quickly turned the conversation to the Russia investigation , prompting yet another revealing , but ultimately unsurprising , admission from the longtime California senator . Namely , that the Senate Intelligence Committee 's investigation into collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign has yet to find evidence . Though they later insinuated that Chairman Richard Burr – who delivered a memorable status update last week – and their fellow Republicans have been trying to undermine the investigation , without elaborating as to how . They added that proof will `` likely '' be uncovered by the Mueller investigation which has grand jury power ... although if that were the case , one would expect it to have been leaked by now .
JOHN DICKERSON : Let me switch here to another topic for you , which is the Senate Intelligence Committee work that you 've been doing . Chairman Burr of that committee said that the question of collusion between the Russians trying to influence the election and the Trump campaign was still an open question . Is that because there are more disclosures that suggest it 's a possibility , or just because nothing 's been found yet , and it 's an open question because there 's no proof that it 's happened ? DIANNE FEINSTEIN : I think the latter . It 's an open question because there 's no proof yet that it 's happened , and I think that proof will likely come with Mr. Mueller 's investigation . He 's got the ability to use a grand jury . He 's got the ability to use the power of subpoena without question . And he 's got the ability to do a criminal investigation . And that 's what 's going on , and I think that 's where the information will come . What happens in a political body , and I am finding this as the ranking member on the Judiciary Committee , everything has to be negotiated with the party in power , and it 's very difficult to do an investigation under those circumstances .
Does the fact that Paddock would 've easily sailed through background checks suggest that the rush to judgment after the shooting was premature ? Perhaps : more importantly , instead of a blanket solution , perhaps the far bigger issue at hand here is the gradual devolution of US society , where banning guns is simply dealing with the symptoms of what is fundamentally a far more troubling - and bigger - underlying malady , one which has its foundation in the unprecedented splintering and polarization of American society , and where contrary to cheap talking points , there sadly is no simple solution how to `` get things back to normal . ''
Mani ( in Middle Persian Māni , New Persian : مانی Māni , Syriac Mānī , Greek Μάνης , Latin Manes ; also Μανιχαῖος , Latin Manichaeus , from Syriac ܡܐܢܝ ܚܝܐ Mānī ḥayyā `` Living Mani '' , c. AD 216–274 ) , of Iranian origin , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] was the prophet and the founder of Manichaeism , a gnostic religion of late antiquity which was widespread but no longer prevalent by name . Mani was born in or near Seleucia-Ctesiphon in Babylonia , [ 1 ] at the time still part of the Parthian Empire . Six of their major works were written in Syriac , and the seventh , dedicated to the Sasanian emperor Shapur I , was written in Middle Persian . [ 7 ] They died in Gundeshapur .
Etymology [ edit ]
Their name `` Mani '' is derived from a Persian word literally meaning `` eternity '' or `` one who lives forever '' . [ citation needed ]
Sources [ edit ]
In 1969 in Upper Egypt a Greek parchment codex dating to c. AD 400 was discovered . It is now designated Codex Manichaicus Coloniensis because it is conserved at the University of Cologne . Combining a hagiographic account of Mani 's career and spiritual development with information about Mani 's religious teachings , and containing fragments of their writings , it is now considered the most reliable source of information about the historical Mani .
All other medieval and pre-medieval accounts of their life are either legendary or hagiographical , such as the account in Fihrist by Ibn al-Nadim , purportedly by al-Biruni , or were anti-Manichaean polemics , such as the 4th-century Acta Archelai . Among these medieval accounts , Ibn al-Nadim 's account of Mani 's life and teachings is generally speaking the most reliable and exhaustive . Notably , the ( in other accounts prominent ) image of the `` Third Ambassador '' is only represented through a brief mention of the name bašīr , `` messenger of good news '' , and the topos of `` Mani the Painter '' ( which in other Islamic accounts almost completely replaces that of `` the founder of a religion '' ) is completely absent . [ 8 ]
Life [ edit ]
Mani 's Parents , a 14th/15th-century silk painting depicts Mani 's parents sitting in a palatial building . Detail of Mani 's Birth , showing the newborn emerged from the chest of their mother .
This work and other evidence discovered in the 20th century establishes Mani as a historical individual . [ 9 ]
Mani was born near Seleucia-Ctesiphon , perhaps in the town Mardinu in the Babylonian district of Nahr Kutha ; according to other accounts in the town Abrumya . Mani 's father Pātik ( Middle Persian Pattūg ; [ 10 ] Koine Greek : Παττικιος , Arabic : Futtuq‎ ) , a native of Ecbatana [ 11 ] ( now Hamadan , Iran ) , was a member of the Jewish Christian sect of the Elcesaites ( a subgroup of the Gnostic Ebionites ) . Their mother was of Parthian descent [ 12 ] [ 13 ] ( from `` the Armenian Arsacid family of Kamsarakan '' [ 14 ] ) ; their name is reported variously , among others Maryam .
At ages 12 and 24 , Mani had visionary experiences of a `` heavenly twin '' of his , calling them to leave their father 's sect and preach the true message of Jesus . In 240–41 , Mani travelled to India ( now the Sakhas in Afghanistan ) , where they studied Hinduism and its various extant philosophies . Al-Biruni says Mani traveled to India after being banished from Persia . [ 15 ] Returning in 242 , they joined the court of Shapur I , to whom they dedicated their only work written in Persian , known as the Shabuhragan . Shapur was not converted to Manichaeism and remained Zoroastrian . [ 16 ]
Shapur 's successor Hormizd I , who reigned only for one year , appears to have continued to patronize Mani , but their successor Bahram I , a follower of the Zoroastrian reformer Kartir , began to persecute the Manichaeans . They incarcerated Mani , who died in prison within a month , in 274 . [ 17 ]
Mani 's followers depicted Mani 's death as a crucifixion in a conscious analogy to the crucifixion of Jesus ; al-Biruni says that Bahram ordered the execution of Mani . They were flayed alive and their skin stuffed with straw , was nailed to a cross and suspended over the main gate of the great city of Gundeshapur as a terrifying spectacle for those who followed their teachings . Their corpse was decapitated and the head placed on a spike . Bahram also ordered the killing of many Manichaeans . [ 18 ]
Works [ edit ]
The canon of Mani included six works originally written in Syriac , and one in Persian , the Shapuragan . While none of their books have survived in complete form , there are numerous fragments and quotations of them , including a long Syriac quotation from one of their works , as well as a large amount of material in Middle Persian , Coptic , and numerous other languages . Examples of surviving portions of their works include : the Shabuhragan ( Middle Persian ) , the Book of Giants ( numerous fragments in many languages ) , the Fundamental Epistle ( quoted in length by Saint Augustine ) , a number of fragments of their Living Gospel ( or Great Gospel ) , a Syriac excerpt quoted by Theodore Bar Konai , and their Letter to Edessa contained in the Cologne Mani-Codex . Mani also wrote the book Arzhang , a holy book of Manichaeism unique in that it contained many drawings and paintings to express and explain the Manichaeist creation and history of the world .
Teaching [ edit ]
Mani 's Community Established , depicting seven lay people bring offerings to shrine with statue of Mani and three elects . Detail of , depicting seven lay people bring offerings to shrine with statue of Mani and three elects .
Mani 's teaching was intended to succeed and surpass the teachings of Christianity , Zoroastrianism and Buddhism . It is based on a rigid dualism of good and evil , locked in eternal struggle .
In their mid-twenties , Mani decided that salvation was possible through education , self-denial , fasting and chastity . Mani claimed to be the Paraclete promised in the New Testament , and the Last Prophet . [ 19 ]
While their religion was not strictly a movement of Christian Gnosticism in the earlier mode , Mani did declare themselves to be an `` apostle of Jesus Christ '' , and extant Manichaean poetry frequently extols Jesus and their mother , Mary , with the highest reverence . Manichaean tradition is also noted to have claimed that Mani was the reincarnation of different religious figures including Zoroaster , the historical Buddha , as well as Jesus .
Mani 's followers were organized in a church structure , divided into a class of `` elects '' ( electi ) and `` auditors '' ( auditores ) . Only the electi are required to follow the laws strictly , while the auditores care for them , hoping to become electi in their turn after reincarnation .
Christian and Islamic tradition [ edit ]
Late Antique Christian accounts in the West [ edit ]
The Western Christian tradition of Mani is based on Socrates of Constantinople , a historian writing in the 5th century . According to this account , one Scythianos , a Saracen , husband of an Egyptian woman , `` introduced the doctrine of Empedocles and Pythagoras into Christianity '' ; that they had a disciple , `` Buddas , formerly named Terebinthus , '' who travelled in Persia , where they alleged that they had been born of a virgin , and afterwards wrote four books , one of Mysteries , a second The Gospel , a third The Treasure , and a fourth Heads . While performing some mystic rites , they were hurled down a precipice by a daimon , and killed . A woman at whose house they lodged buried him , took over their property , and bought a boy of seven , named Cubricus . This boy they freed and educated , leaving them the property and books of Buddas-Terebinthus . Cubricus then travelled into Persia , where they took the name of Manes and gave forth the doctrines of Buddas Terebinthus as their own . The king of Persia , hearing that they worked miracles , sent for them to heal their sick son , and on the child 's dying put Manes in prison . Thence they escaped , flying into Mesopotamia , but was traced , captured , and flayed alive by the Persian king 's orders , the skin being then stuffed with chaff and hung up before the gate of the city .
For this narrative , Socrates gives as their authority `` The Disputation [ with Manes ] of Archelaus bishop of Caschar , '' a work either unknown to or disregarded by Eusebius , who in their History ( vii.31 ) briefly vilifies Manes without giving any of the above details . In the Chronicon of Eusebius the origin of the sect is placed in the second year of Probus , AD 277 . [ 20 ] According to Jerome , Archelaus wrote their account of their disputation with `` Manichæus '' in Syriac , whence it was translated into Greek . The Greek is lost , and the work , apart from extracts , subsists only in a Latin translation from the Greek , of doubtful age and fidelity , probably made after the 5th century . By Photius it is stated that Heraclean , bishop of Chalcedon , in their book against the Manichæans , said the Disputation of Archelaus was written by one Hegemonius , an author not otherwise traceable , and of unknown date .
In the Latin narrative , `` Manes '' is said to have come , after their flight from court , from Arabion , a frontier fortress , to Caschar or Carchar , a town said to be in Roman Mesopotamia , in the hope of converting an eminent Christian there , named Marcellus , to whom they had sent a letter beginning : `` Manichæus apostle of Jesus Christ , and all the saints and virgins with me , send peace to Marcellus . '' In their train they brought twenty-two ( or twelve ) youths and virgins . At the request of Marcellus , they debated on religion with bishop Archelaus , by whom they were vanquished ; whereupon they set out to return to Persia . On their way they proposed to debate with a priest at the town of Diodorides ; but Archelaus came to take the priest 's place , and again defeated him ; whereupon , fearing to be given up to the Persians by the Christians , they returned to Arabion .
At this stage Archelaus introduces in a discourse to the people their history of `` these Manes , '' very much to the effect of the recapitulation in Socrates . Among the further details are these : that Scythianus lived `` in the time of the Apostles '' ; that Terebinthus said the name of Buddas had been imposed on him ; that in the mountains they had been brought up by an angel ; that they had been convicted of imposture by a Persian prophet named Parcus , and by Labdacus , son of Mithra ; that in the disputation they taught concerning the sphere , the two luminaries , the transmigration of souls , and the war of the Principia against God ; that `` Corbicius '' or Corbicus , about the age of sixty , translated the books of Terebinthus ; that they made three chief disciples , Thomas , Addas , and Hermas , of whom they sent the first to Egypt , and the second to Scythia , keeping the third with him ; that the two former returned when they were in prison , and that they sent them to procure for them the books of the Christians , which they then studied . According to the Latin narrative , finally , Manes on their return to Arabion was seized and taken to the Persian king , by whose orders they were flayed , their body being left to the birds , and their skin , filled with air , hung at the city gate . [ 21 ]
Medieval Islamic accounts [ edit ]
Mani is described [ by whom ? ] as a painter who set up a sectarian movement in opposition to Zoroastrianism . They were persecuted by Shapur I and fled to Central Asia , where they made disciples and embellished with paintings a Tchighil ( or picturarum domus Chinensis ) and another temple called Ghalbita . Provisioning in advance a cave which had a spring , they told their disciples they were going to heaven , and would not return for a year , after which time they were to seek them in the cave in question . They then came back there after a year and found him , whereupon they showed them an illustrated book , called Ergenk , or Estenk Arzhang , which they said they had brought from heaven : whereafter they had many followers , with whom they returned to Persia at the death of Shapur . The new king , Hormisdas , joined and protected the sect ; and built Mani a castle . The next king , Bahram or Varanes , at first favoured Mani ; but , after getting them to debate with certain Zoroastrian teachers , caused them to be flayed alive , and the skin to be stuffed and hung up . Thereupon most of their followers fled to India and China . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
Sideshow and Iron Studios have released a batch of official promotional images for the Captain America & Ant-Man Legacy Replica polystone statue from Marvel 's superhero blockbuster Captain America : Civil War .
The limited edition collectible sees Steve Rogers ready for battle , with a miniature Scott Lang included on the stand , and is available to pre-order now ( priced at $ 600 ) ahead of its release in May-July 2017 ; check it out here…
SEE ALSO : Pre-order via Sideshow Collectibles
Sideshow and Iron Studios are proud to present the Captain America & Ant-Man Legacy Replica . This limited edition statue is crafted from high-quality polystone and is based on original references from the movie Captain America : Civil War !
The Captain America & Ant-Man statue is hand-painted and features a detailed likeness of Chris Evans as seen in the movie . Next to them is an approximately 2″ tall Ant-Man ready to battle . The diorama base can be displayed alongside the other Iron Studios Captain America : Civil War collection !
Marvel 's “ Captain America : Civil War ” finds Steve Rogers leading the newly formed team of Avengers in their continued efforts to safeguard humanity . But after another incident involving the Avengers results in collateral damage , political pressure mounts to install a system of accountability , headed by a governing body to oversee and direct the team . The new status quo fractures the Avengers , resulting in two camps—one led by Steve Rogers and their desire for the Avengers to remain free to defend humanity without government interference , and the other following Tony Stark 's surprising decision to support government oversight and accountability .
Captain America : Civil War sees Anthony and Joe Russo ( Captain America : The Winter Soldier ) directing a cast that includes Marvel Cinematic Universe veterans Chris Evans ( Steve Rogers/Captain America ) , Robert Downey Jr. ( Tony Stark/Iron Man ) , Anthony Mackie ( Sam Wilson/Falcon ) , Jeremy Renner ( Clint Barton/Hawkeye ) , Scarlett Johansson ( Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow ) , Sebastian Stan ( Bucky Barnes/The Winter Soldier ) , Elizabeth Olsen ( Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch ) , Paul Bettany ( The Vision ) , Don Cheadle ( James Rhondes/War Machine ) , Paul Rudd ( Scott Lang/Ant-Man ) , Emily VanCamp ( Sharon Carter ) , Frank Grillo ( Brock Rumlow/Crossbones ) and William Hurt ( General Thaddeus “ Thunderbolt ” Ross ) alongside new additions Chadwick Boseman ( Get on Up ) as T'Challa/Black Panther , Daniel Bruhl ( Rush ) as Baron Zemo , Tom Holland ( The Impossible ) as Peter Parker/Spider-Man and Martin Freeman ( Sherlock ) as Everett Ross .
Share Tweet reddit Email
Traveling through New Orleans this week , a team of anthropologists discovered a lost civilization living behind the dense vegetation of a pothole in Lakeview .
According to initial research , the anthropologists say the civilization dates back to about A.D. 1984 .
“ We 're not definite of how they came to inhabit the pothole , but evidence suggests their descendants were part of a pair of families that was traveling together to the 1984 World Exposition in Downtown New Orleans when their vehicle apparently plunged directly into the pothole and ship… eh , car-wrecked them to this desolate , remote world in which they have lived in ever since . Essentially , they disappeared without a trace and no one even knew it , ” said anthropologist Conner Schlitz from the Department of Geography & Anthropology at Louisiana State University .
As luck would have it , this unlikely discovery will preserve the civilization 's environment without further interference from the outside world . The city of New Orleans had reportedly been planning to fill the pothole soon but will now be put on hold indefinitely .
“ Oh . Yeah . We were totally going to fix it . Next week , or so. ” said Lt. Col. Henry James , director of the city 's Department of Public Works .
“ Fortunately , because of its cultural significance , we 've put in a request with UNESCO ( United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ) to deem all potholes in New Orleans as World Heritage Sites . This would mean no one can ever touch them ever again . Ever . ”
However , one local group says this is just another delay tactic by the city to skirt its responsibilities .
“ People living in a pothole ? Is the public really buying this obvious government cover-up ? ” said Jeff Paulsen , spokesperson for Fix My Streets , an organization determined to find a way to fix the potholes , craters and other issues plaguing roads in the Crescent City and surrounding communities .
“ We find it extremely convenient that the city was able to preserve potholes across the area instead of fixing them . But we 're in talks with Lee Zurik of Fox 8 to work some of their sphincter-tightening magic on city leaders to get the truth . ”
Schlitz , whose team has requested funding from the state to search other potholes for signs of life , believes this discovery may be the first of many to come .
“ Potholes are just the beginning . Have you seen that ginormous sinkhole on Canal ? We could be talking about entirely new , never-before-seen species living in that thing . ”
Every year , Nikon brings us some amazing microscope photos from its annual competition . This year 's winners include images of a dinosaur bone , a microchip , a mouse nerve and HeLa cells . We 're never disappointed with the photos from the Nikon Small World contest , and the top 20 judges picks contained in this gallery suggest that the photographers just keep getting better . These photos were selected from more than 2,000 , but if you disagree with the judges , you can still pick your favorite in the popular vote contest throughout October . Above : 1st Place Photomicrographer : Igor Siwanowicz , Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology , Germany
Specimen : Chrysopa sp . ( green lacewing ) larva ( 20x ) Technique : Confocal Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
2nd Place Photomicrographer : Donna Stolz , University of Pittsburgh , United States Specimen : Blade of grass ( 200x ) Technique : Confocal stack reconstruction , autofluorescence Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
3rd Place Photomicrographer : Frank Fox , Fachhochschule Trier , Germany Specimen : Melosira moniliformis , living specimen ( 320X ) Technique : Differential interference contrast Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
4th Place Photomicrographer : Robin Young , University of British Columbia , Canada Specimen : Intrinsic fluorescence in Lepidozia reptans ( liverwort ) ( 20X ) Technique : Live mount , confocal microscopy Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
5th Place Photomicrographer : Alfred Pasieka , Germany Specimen : Microchip surface , 3D reconstruction ( 500X ) Technique : Incident light , Normarski interference contrast Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
6th Place Photomicrographer : Dennis Callahan , California Institute of Technology , United States Specimen : Cracked gallium arsenide solar cell films ( 50X ) Technique : Brightfield Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
7th Place Photomicrographer : Gabriel Luna , University of California , Santa Barbara , United States Specimen : Retinal flatmount of mouse nerve fiber layer ( 40X ) Technique : Laser confocal scanning Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
8th Place Photomicrographer : Bernardo Cesare , Department of Geosciences , Padova , Italy Specimen : Graphite-bearing granulite from Kerala , India ( 2.5X ) Technique : Polarized light Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
9th Place Photomicrographer : Jan Michels , Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel , Germany Specimen : Temora longicornis ( marine copepod ) , ventral view ( 10X ) Technique : Confocal , autofluorescence and Congo red fluorescence Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
10th Place Photomicrographer : Joan Röhl , Institute for Biochemistry and Biology , Germany Specimen : Daphnia magna ( freshwater water flea ) ( 100X ) Technique : Differential interference contrast Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
11th Place Photomicrographer : Jan Michels , Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel , Germany Specimen : Ant head , frontal view ( 10X ) Technique : Confocal , autofluorescence Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
12th Place Photomicrographer : Thomas Deerinck
National Center for Microscopy and Imaging Research , United States Specimen : HeLa ( cancer ) cells ( 300X ) Technique : 2-Photon fluorescence Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
13th Place Photomicrographer : Dr. Stephen S. Nagy
Montana Diatoms , United States Specimen : Curare vine in cross-section , Chondrodendron tomentosum ( 45X ) Technique : Brightfield , digitally inverted Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
14th Place Photomicrographer : Yanping Wang , Beijing Planetarium , China Specimen : Sand ( 4X ) Technique : Reflected light Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
15th Place Photomicrographer : James H. Nicholson , Coral Culture and Collaborative Research Facility , United States Specimen : Porites lobata ( lobe coral ) , live specimen displaying tissue pigmentation response with red fluorescence ( 12X ) Technique : Epifluorescence with triple band ( U/B/G ) excitation Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
16th Place Photomicrographer : Christopher Guérin ,
VIB ( Flanders Institute of Biotechnology ) , Belgium Specimen : Cultured cells growing on a bio-polymer scaffold ( 63X ) Technique : Confocal Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
17th Place Photomicrographer : Dr. Witold Kilarski , EPFL-Laboratory of Lymphatic and Cancer Bioengineering , Switzerland Specimen : Litomosoides sigmodontis ( filaria worms ) inside lymphatic vessels of the mouse ear ( 150X ) Technique : Fluorescent confocal microscopy Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
18th Place Photomicrographer : Benjamin Blonder , David Elliott , University of Arizona , United States Specimen : Venation network of young Populus tremuloides ( quaking aspen ) leaf ( 4X ) Technique : Brightfield image of safranin-stained tissue Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
19th Place Photomicrographer : Donna Stolz , University of Pittsburgh , United States Specimen : Mammalian cell collage stained for various proteins and organelles , assembled into a wreath ( 200-2000X ) Technique : Single slice confocal cell mosaic Image : Courtesy of Nikon Small World
Montel Williams , a Naval Academy graduate diagnosed with multiple sclerosis ( MS ) in 1999 , recently announced the launch of a line of high-quality medical cannabis products under the brand name LenitivLabs by Lenitiv Scientific .
The former television host and wellness advocate has been particularly vocal when it comes to support the use of medical marijuana across the United States . Legislation allowing for medical marijuana use has been a hot topic in recent years — and is especially hot during election years .
Williams is considered one of the highest-profile advocates for medical cannabis in the country , and they have been using cannabis products — at the advice of their doctors — to help manage their MS symptoms .
.
“ I experience neuropathic pain 24 hours a day because of my MS , ” Williams said in a press release . “ My physicians recommended cannabis as part of my treatment seventeen years ago , and I 've used it ever since . Only someone suffering from a debilitating disease can understand cannabis 's therapeutic value . ”
Ever since that recommendation , Williams has strongly advocated for marijuana legalization , and specifically worked to pass medical cannabis laws in New York , New Jersey , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Connecticut . They also support change at the federal level , and argues for its legal use by U.S. veterans so they need not fear losing benefits .
They continue to raise awareness about the benefits that specific strains of marijuana can have on life quality for people dealing with chronic physical pain .
Williams ' efforts focus both on eliminating the stigma of marijuana use — essentially , opinions that users are simply looking to get high — and on demonstrating that the quality of the plant ( which can be natural or genetically modified ) should be taken into account by lawmakers deciding on whether to legalize medical marijuana .
Marijuana plants have a plethora of chemicals , known as cannabinoids . One of them , called THC ( tetrahydrocannabinol ) , is associated with the drug 's distinct feeling of euphoria , but also has effects that may treat medical problems . Recent research suggests that another chemical found in marijuana , called CBD ( cannabidiol ) , can be just as helpful and is non-psychoactive .
“ I 'm proud to announce the formation of Lenitiv Scientific and the development of the LenitivLabs product line , ” said Williams , the company 's founder . “ With the issue of full legalization dominating the conversation , it 's critical not to forget patients who have specific needs with respect to cannabis , including strains that might be less profitable in the marketplace . The mission of Lenitiv Scientific is to ensure that seriously ill individuals — like myself — have access to the medicine they need . ”
LenitivLabs will use advanced cannabis manufacturing technologies and research to offer patients products with the highest quality and consistency , and without harmful additives .
Lenitiv Scientific will offer its products only in U.S. states where the sale of medical cannabis is allowed . The company also plans to work closely with regulators , provide proper education on medical cannabis to the public , and to fund clinical research studies into medical cannabis to scientifically validate into benefits and risks .
Currently , 25 states and the District of Columbia allow the use of medical cannabis for pain relief , nausea control , appetite stimulation , among other medical conditions .
David Racz , a founding partner with operational experience in both the pharmaceutical and cannabis industries , will serve as Lenitiv Scientific 's chief executive , the L.A. Biz journal recently quoted Williams as saying . Marvin Washington , an 11-year NFL veteran and an advocate for athlete 's access to medical cannabis , has also joined the company , the journal said .
Share this article ! 54 Pinterest 0 StumbleUpon 0 Reddit 0 Linkedin Tumblr 0 Digg
With the rising popularity in natural hair , you would think it 's acceptable everywhere . Sadly , there 's one place where black women are n't necessarily able to sport their hair as it grows from their heads : the workplace .
In 1987 , Cheryl Tatum was fired from a Hyatt hotel for not complying when told to undo their braided hairstyle .
At least two women were denied employment in 2010 at Six Flags theme park because they wear locs ( dreadlocks ) .
In October 2012 , news anchor Rhonda Lee lost their job after responding to Facebook comments relating to their short natural . The news station claims they broke an “ unwritten ” social media rule about engaging with viewers .
These are just a few examples of how black hair is viewed in such a negative light that it 's deemed unacceptable for work unless it 's been manipulated to look like something else , i.e . straight hair .
Braids and locs are still viewed as “ extreme ” in some workplace dress codes . It 's no secret that these particular styles are worn much more often by black people than anyone else , so the hint of racism that hangs over these policies ca n't be ignored .
Is it fair that straight-haired people can go to work with their “ natural ” hair and no one says a thing about it , but when a black woman sports a short Afro , she 's viewed with suspicion ? Of course not . Yes , some hairdos can look unkempt or unprofessional , but this is irrespective of the wearer 's race or the hair texture . Some straight styles can look just as ghastly as some curly ones .
The only way to fight antiquated policies that embrace one hair texture while demonizing others is to be vocal and continue to fight with lawsuits if necessary . Not surprisingly , some employees have filed discrimination suits over their firings . With luck , there will come a day when braids , locs and Afros are just as acceptable in the office as straight hair .
Dianne
“ Changing attitudes about natural hair ” is what we do at Natural Haircare News . Through informative articles , podcasts and videos , we go beyond just sharing the latest advice and tips on kinky , curly , wavy haircare – We shake things up and focus on the realities of wearing our hair natural . Not sure of which products are right for your hair type ? Visit our solution oriented natural hair products store .
if ( function_exists ( 'nrelate_related ' ) ) nrelate_related ( ) ; ?
Standing as the perfect destination that brings together the serene beauty of beaches and a calming spirituality to anyone who visits Pondicherry . The tourist places in Pondicherry stand as testimony to a colourful history of the marriage of French and Indian culture across the ages . It is difficult to tell which culture has naturalized the other in the city space . Also , check out best beaches in Pondicherry and things to do in Pondicherry .
Pondicherry was a French colony till 1954 when it was handed over to India . It is a city located at sea level in coastal Tamil Nadu and is a standing monument of French town planning . The beautiful French style avenues , old bougainvillaea canopied colonial buildings , churches and ancient temples from the places in Pondicherry which lend to the city an aesthetic which exemplifies co-habitants of cultures most peacefully . Whether you go to the Pondicherry Beach , the Rock Beach , the Botanical gardens or anywhere else , you will not get the feeling that you are in India . And the best place to see in Pondicherry with that notion is the Sri Aurobindo Ashram and the Auroville , where residents from all corners of the world come to seek spirituality . As for the rest of the town , the old world charm of almost everything just gives it all a sense of serene calm .
Apart from the two already mentioned , beaches in Pondicherry also include the Serenity beach , which is a great surfing spot , and the Paradise beach which is a heaven for people wanting to devour some delicious street food . And talking about beaches takes us to the best thing in Pondicherry , right next to the beaches , literally . Beach resorts in Pondicherry is sure going to be the best way you spend your stays in Pondicherry . With the beaches just a short walk away and the kind of luxury and exclusive hospitality that you will be served in these resorts , nobody would even think of going away , let alone choose any other kind of stay over them . Imagine sipping on some cocktails while you are in a pool that overlooks the beach , and you can hear the waves as they lap against the shore making the luxurious feeling of staying in a beach resort all the way more tranquil .
And no , these are not the only things to do in Pondicherry , as this place will never ever cease to surprise you with its uniqueness . You can take a heritage walk down both the quarters of the city , or do the different thing and watch a sunrise on a beach . For a pinch of spirituality to change the taste of your life , you can visit the Ashram , or probably get adventurous and take to scuba diving here . The thing about Pondicherry is , once you are here , you will never be disappointed .
Danish Energy Agency : 100 % Renewable Denmark By 2050 Is Possible
May 27th , 2014 by Guest Contributor
Originally published on Renew Economy .
By Sophie Vorrath
A new report by the Danish Energy Agency has found it would be technically possible to construct a secure and reliable national energy system based on 100 per cent renewables by 2050 .
The report , Energy Scenarios for 2020 , 2035 and 2050 , compares the feasibility and cost of replacing coal , oil and natural gas with various different green energy scenarios , ranging from an electricity-based wind-power system to a fuel-based biomass system .
According to the report , all of the scenarios meet the vision of a fossil fuel independent energy system for Denmark by 2050 , as well as the government 's goal of fossil fuel independent electricity and heating by 2035 .
The costs of a fossil fuel independent energy supply in 2050 were calculated at around $ A26.8-31.4 billion ( DKK 136-159 billion ) – an amount , says the report , that includes investments , operating costs , fuel ( including distribution ) , CO2 , costs of energy savings , propulsion systems for all types of transport , energy-producing facilities in electricity , district heating , process and individual heating .
To meet the 2050 target , however , the report notes that a decision on the shape of Denmark 's energy future would need to be made shortly after 2020 .
In the wind scenario , the report finds estimated that wind power capacity would have to be expanded by around one 400MW offshore wind farm a year from 2020 to 2050 , while obsolete turbines would have to be replaced .
Despite this , the report finds that wind power has relatively low production costs per kWh in 2035 and 2050 – albeit slightly higher in total than the biomass scenario , due to derived costs of the expansion .
It would only take a 35 per cent increase in the price of biomass , however , for the wind and biomass scenarios to be equal . Similarly , a halving of the electricity grid costs would also make the wind and biomass scenarios equal .
In the hydrogen scenario , the report notes that expansion would have to take place at an even faster rate , while in the biomass scenario , the expansion rate would amount to one 400MW farm every three years .
All scenarios ( except the fossil scenario ) assume a total capacity of 2000MW photovoltaic solar modules in 2050 , which the report says provide a system-related advantage when combined with wind power , due to differing production profiles .
And all of the scenarios assume ‘ large ' energy savings , says the DEA . “ Extra-large energy savings will lead to an increase in total costs in the wind scenario . However , there is large uncertainty about the costs of savings . If these costs are one-third lower , the total system costs with large and extra-large savings , respectively , will be equal , ” says the report .
Consumption of natural gas was expected to fall dramatically from 2020 , as coal and natural gas were phased out and the country 's gas infrastructure was instead used to distribute renewable-energy gases like biogas .
Electricity storage is not included in the Danish scenarios , the DEA finding that use of the electricity market – including hydropower storage
facilities abroad – and flexible electricity consumption were cheaper solutions .
Welcome to Cheat Sheet , our brief breakdown-style reviews of festival films , VR previews , and other special event releases . We 're currently reporting from the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City .
One of the most fundamental problems with Dave Eggers ' future-thriller novel The Circle is that its protagonist , Mae Holland , is a cipher . Eggers ' book has a satirical agenda : their future society , where a Google-esque tech company attempts to eradicate privacy , is an extension of the current social media landscape , where people voluntarily document and publicize even the most mundane aspects of their lives . But its central character is n't a person so much as a plot function , a mouthpiece who forwards Eggers ' agenda without developing a personality that would explain it .
That problem extends into the film adaptation , a stripped-down , unemphatic version of the story that streamlines the book 's plot and alters the ending , but nonetheless preserves many of its biggest faults . In theory , having real human faces attached to some of The Circle 's more unlikely statements and beliefs should humanize the story , making it more grounded and real , and raising the stakes . In practice , the film version feels even more disconnected from reality than the book . Where the book feels deliberately arch , the film just feels vague and out of touch . The modern technological tug-of-war between privacy and security is a real and significant issue . The version of that conflict in the film version of The Circle is bland , neutered , and cartoony .
What 's the genre ?
Black Mirror-esque dystopian drama .
What 's it about ?
Mae ( Harry Potter and Beauty and the Beast star Emma Watson ) , an impressionable young woman in a dead-end cubicle job , gets hired as a customer service rep at The Circle , an immense Google-like company with seemingly utopian , progressive ideas about how technology can drive human connection . But those ideas rapidly morph into 1984-worthy slogans , with a philosophy to match . “ Secrets are lies ” is literally painted on the walls at The Circle 's sunny , modern glass-and-steel campus . “ Privacy is theft ” becomes another Circle rubric , with the idea being that it 's selfish and withholding for people to enjoy things without sharing them with others , either in person , via online sharing , or by taking along a live-streaming drone .
Initially , Mae struggles with The Circle 's culty culture , like the mandatory , heavily monitored social media participation . But when the company 's generous medical benefits make life easier for their parents ( Glenne Headly and the late Bill Paxton ) — especially their dad , who has MS — they start to buy into the cult , then represent it worldwide . They get some early warnings of impending catastrophe from a soft-spoken Circle employee ( The Force Awakens ' John Boyega ) who perpetually seems to be hanging around texting . But their avuncular bosses ( Tom Hanks and Patton Oswalt ) keep pushing them toward new ways to support The Circle by destroying personal privacy and personal choice .
What 's it really about ?
Like so many great science fiction stories , it 's a warning about a possible future , about how if present cultural trends are extended in a certain direction , they could morph into something more ominous . Like so many lousy science fiction stories , though , it 's also about how the world might go wrong if people were cartoonish , one-dimensional imbeciles .
Is it good ?
Director James Ponsoldt ( The Spectacular Now , The End of the Tour ) co-scripted the film adaptation of The Circle with Eggers , and one of their major changes was to limit the story 's scope considerably — to drop back from showing anything significant about how The Circle 's initiatives are changing the world . This was an immense mistake . The film feels like it takes place in a disconnected thought-experiment fantasy space . None of what the company does necessarily matters outside its campus , except to Mae 's parents and their halfheartedly sketched childhood friend Mercer ( Ellar Coltrane , star of Richard Linklater 's Boyhood ) . When Mae suggests that people should be legally required to use Circle services in ways that would permanently change democracy and citizenship , it 's meant to be a huge step toward dystopic horror . Instead , the idea feels delusional , because the film has made no effort to explore what kind of power the organization actually has in the world , and there 's no reason to believe that Mae 's suggestions could lead anywhere .
And “ the film has made no effort ” applies to just about everything within The Circle . So many of its ideas are thrown out haphazardly with no follow-up . Mercer is n't a character so much as a handful of loosely associated scenes . Mae 's best friend and Circle sponsor Annie ( Karen Gillan ) goes from inner-circle power-player to disintegrating mess in a similarly abrupt scattering of moments . The Circle 's social media obsession is introduced in one dryly funny scene where a pair of employees alternately scold Mae for their low engagement rate , and remind them that all Circle social activity is strictly optional . But that aspect of the world never comes up again . Toward the end , it 's suggested that The Circle 's top leaders are hypocrites given over to capital-E Evil in some vague way , but their actual intentions are never established .
As a result , virtually none of The Circle has any emotional or narrative impact . Watson 's performance is placid and poreless , a collection of minimalist smiles and forehead-beetling frowns that do nothing to emphasize the story 's stakes . The threat here is abstract and notional : to paraphrase Mallory Ortberg 's memorable takedown of Black Mirror , “ What if Google , but too much ? ” Hank stands out tremendously as a Steve Jobs / Elon Musk figure — their particular brand of beaming warmth is easy to read as convincing to a crowd , yet fundamentally insincere — but their character is as flat and frictionless as all the others .
About the only thing in The Circle that feels real is the online response when Mae “ goes transparent ” by wearing a camera and streaming their life to millions of fans . Ponsoldt uses the increasingly common visual conceit of having people 's internet comments appear on-screen in a cloud of digital pop-ups , as viewers react to Mae 's every movement with judgments , support , leers , and narcissistic , attention-seeking non sequiturs about cheese . ( Noticeably missing : people threatening to rape or murder her , or ordering them to kill herself . Apparently The Circle 's world is too transparent , or too mild-mannered , for trolls . ) The flood of information , which Mae is expected to take in and respond to , is more relatable than anything else in the movie . But it 's still a vanilla-pudding version of the more intense scenario in the book .
Ultimately , The Circle is a riff on George Orwell 's 1984 where Big Brother is the online world at large — the internet 's endless demand for validation and response , the fear of missing out , the fear of not having a presence . But the threats are abstract , toothless , and frequently silly . The idea of people living solely to maximize their online fandom has been done before , and done better . Eggers ' book pushes past satire into dark farce , where the story 's hyperbole feels more like a gag than a coherent warning about the future . The film version does n't even feel pointed enough to be satire .
What should it be rated ?
There 's a little traumatic violence and a split-second shot of a sexual act , but there 's no blood and little emotion associated with any of the proceedings . None of the emotions here connect in a way that seems like they might traumatize kids — or engage them . You could call it PG-13 for safety 's sake , except nothing here feels remotely unsafe .
How can I actually watch it ?
The Circle opens in theaters on April 28th .
BOX SCORE
OAKLAND -- Mark Canha hit a game-ending home run in the ninth inning to lead the Oakland Athletics past the Seattle Mariners 6-5 on Wednesday .
Canha 's fifth homer this season came on a 1-0 pitch from Shae Simmons ( 0-1 ) .
Oakland avoided a three-game sweep and snapped an eight-game losing streak against Seattle .
The 's improved to 15-10 in September , clinching their first winning month since April of 2016 . They won 15 games in a month for the first time since June 2015 .
Matt Joyce tied an A 's record with three doubles .
Blake Treinen ( 3-4 ) pitched a scoreless ninth , working around a one-out double by rookie Mike Marjama .
The 's led 5-3 going into the top of the eighth , when Robinson Cano hit a two-run homer off Chris Hatcher .
Cano 's 23rd homer was Seattle 's second game-tying home run on the day . The Mariners trailed 2-0 when Nelson Cruz hit their team-leading 38th homer , a two-run shot off Kendall Graveman in the top of the fourth .
Graveman left the game with a 5-3 lead and was in line to win their fourth straight decision . Oakland 's ace struck out four and gave up three runs on seven hits and one walk in six innings .
PROTESTING IN TEXAS
Asked whether they have concerns about catcher Bruce Maxwell taking a knee during the national anthem to protest racial injustice in this weekend 's road series against the Rangers , A 's manager Bob Melvin said he 'll have a better sense of the atmosphere once their team gets to Texas .
`` I do n't think it 'll bother him , put it that way , '' Melvin said . `` He 's pretty committed to what he 's doing and continues to do so and he 'll do it in Texas . ''
MARJAMA 'S MILESTONE
Marjama made their first career start . The 28-year-old was 2 for 4 , collecting their first major league hits .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mariners : OF Guillermo Heredia left the team and is expected to have surgery to repair a right shoulder injury he 's been playing with all year . Heredia , who bats and throws left-handed , will get a second opinion before having the procedure performed by a specialist in Miami , manager Scott Servais said .
UP NEXT
Mariners : LHP Marco Gonzales ( 1-1 , 5.51 ERA ) will pitch Friday 's series opener against the Angels in Los Angeles . The 24-year-old rookie is 1-0 with a 2.25 ERA in their last four starts .
Athletics : LHP Sean Manaea ( 11-10 , 4.56 ) will pitch Thursday 's series opener in Texas . Manaea missed their last start with upper back tightness . The 25-year-old is 1-1 with a 6.10 ERA in six career starts against the Rangers .
A mother has been told they must leave the country after their request for a visa was rejected - because their British husband of nine years does not earn enough .
American Katy James , 40 , and their British husband Dominic , 42 , moved back to the UK with their two-year-old daughter Madeleine last year .
But the family face being split up for up to a year after the Home Office rejected their visa application .
American Katy James , 40 , and their British husband Dominic , 42 , moved back to the UK with their two-year-old daughter Madeleine last year - but the family now face being split up
Under UK law , the British spouse must have available funds equivalent to a minimum gross annual income of £18,600 . This rises to £22,400 for families with a child .
The government says the minimum income rule is to prevent unqualified spouses coming to the UK and becoming dependent on the state .
Mr James , a musician , is earning below the threshold and so the family now face being split up .
They are planning to appeal the decision but the process could take up to a year .
Mrs James said : 'We are absolutely devastated and it has left us feeling terrible and rejected - it is completely unfair .
'We are a normal average couple who fell in love . We have been married for nearly ten years , we have a lovely young child , and we want to stay here with our extended family .
'We do not want to go back to America . We have little family support out there , and we desperately want to stay in this country .
'Our lives are on complete hold . I 'm not allowed to work , they have even taken my passport away . '
Mr James , a musician , is earning below the minimum threshold and so the family now face being split up
The couple first met online in 2005 .
Mr James went to America to spend three months with their girlfriend before the pair married in 2006 .
They lived in Edinburgh between 2006 and 2009 after Mrs James obtained a 'spousal visa ' but then they returned to Seattle .
Mrs James said : 'It was always intended to be temporary . We had no intention of spending the rest of our lives out there .
'Madeleine was born in 2013 and then in 2014 I had the chance to transfer my job as a project specialist with IT company Cisco from Seattle to Edinburgh .
' A month after the transfer , I was made redundant and under Home Office rules I had to leave the country in 90 days . '
As the family did not want to be separated , the couple and Madeleine returned to Seattle , but they always intended to settle permanently in the UK .
Having had a miserable time in the States , they moved to Eastbourne , in East Sussex [ where Mr James was born ] in August 2015 .
Mr James said : 'It just was n't working out there so we knew we had to come back . We did not want to be there . Our lives were empty . We never thought the Home Office would reject Katy 's application . It is cruel and heartless . '
They added : 'Our life has been on hold since we applied . Their verdict is a great blow to us and will impact the life of our close family , especially my daughter . '
Mr James has now set up an online petition calling on Prime Minister David Cameron to intervene and allow the family to stay together in the UK .
The 42-year-old said : 'My parents , sisters , nephews , and cousins have lived in Eastbourne for 30 years .
'We have a deep connection with the community and have many friends and a well-established life in the town .
Mr James , a musician , is earning below the threshold and so the family now face being split up
'We included 15 letters of support in our application , including personal messages from close friends , our doctor , our daughter 's nursery , our parish priest and bank manager .
'Katy has lived and worked in the UK before , never claiming benefits , paying their taxes and living a productive life in the UK .
'Our family wrote the stories of how my grandfathers fought and died in the wars for our country , to secure the freedom of their future generations . But it was all to no avail .
'This is not just my home , it is also the home of my daughter who has a wonderful life here with their grandparents , aunties and uncles , five cousins and their friends at nursery and community in Eastbourne .
'Katy has lived in Britain as my wife twice before , has never claimed benefits , speaks English as their first language and has many friends and close ties with our community and family in Eastbourne . '
They added : 'Our MP Caroline Ansell told my family that the law was never meant for genuinely married people like us .
'My wife has a degree , has an excellent work history and offers so much to this country with their skills and work ethic .
'We are not prepared to spend nearly a year separated , a requirement of the UK Family Immigration Law , while I earn the £18,600 for the six months and the visa processing time that would separate us .
'It is an immoral , brutal , law , which has no place in British life . '
The couple , with MP Caroline Ansell , who has arranged legal advice for them - they have said they will appeal
A Home Office spokesperson said : 'All applications are considered on their individual merits and in accordance with the immigration rules .
'This case is ongoing so it would be inappropriate to comment further . '
Caroline Ansell MP told MailOnline : 'Today I had a two-hour meeting with Katy and Dominic . During that time , I was able to arrange some legal advice for them and they have said they will appeal the decision .
' I will now speak to the immigration minister , James Brokenshire , on Monday . They have the discretion to change the decision , and I will be urging them to do so .
Investment-fund web : CIA , Cheney , Whole Foods , everybody
by Jon Rappoport
March 21 , 2014
www.nomorefakenews.com
First the bottom line : if you 're a publicly traded company , your shares are selling in the same web that predators control .
If you put your money in a huge investment fund , you 're in that web , too .
For example , take the Vanguard Group . It 's the world 's largest mutual fund company . Corporations , smaller funds , and individuals place their money into the pot , and Vanguard takes it wherever it wants to go .
With 14,000 employees in offices in the US , Europe , and Asia , Vanguard manages $ 2 trillion in assets .
At the moment , it 's the biggest shareholder in Monsanto , the biggest in Halliburton , the second biggest in Facebook , the third biggest in Whole Foods , the second biggest in Hain Celestial Foods , and the biggest shareholder in the largest defense corporation in America , Lockheed Martin .
Ready for a little head-spinning whiplash ? To get a more personal glimpse of the inter-connected spider web of investment funding , here are a few Dick Cheney connections that Maggie Burns , writing in The Progressive Populist ( 2003 ) , pointed out . Then I 'll add my own .
Dick Cheney headed up Halliburton from 1995 to 2000 . As US Vice President , they had to divest themselves of their stake in the company . The exact figure is hard to pin down , but they put somewhere between 18 and 87 million dollars in the Vanguard Fund . Well , it just so happened that Vanguard , in that general time period ( 2003 ) , was the 10th largest mutual-fund investor in Halliburton . So Cheney , indirectly , still had a stake in in their former company .
Cheney , of course , was a key figure in launching the war in Iraq . Their old outfit , Halliburton , scored an open-ended , no-bid $ 2 billion federal contract for work in Iraq .
In 2003 , the 8th largest shareholder in Halliburton was Deutsche Bank . Who had worked in a prominent position at Deutsche a few years earlier ? Alvin Buzzy Krongard , who would become the “ number three man at the CIA under Bush . ”
There is much to say about Krongard ( search articles re insider trading just before 9/11 ) . Here I would point out they were a moving force , along with CIA Director George Tenet and Norm Augustine ( Lockheed Martin ) , in creating In-Q-Tel , a CIA front company designed to fund new technologies in the private sector .
In-Q-Tel bankrolls the development of these technologies so the US intelligence community can turn around and utilize them .
How did a little start-up called Facebook get its bankroll ?
Jim Breyer , head of Accel , attached a $ 13 million rocket to it , and nothing has ever been the same .
Earlier that same year ( 2004 ) , a man named Gilman Louie joined the board of the National Venture Capital Association of America ( NVCA ) . The chairperson of NVCA ? Jim Breyer .
Gilman Louie happened to be the first CEO of In-Q-Tel .
That 's not the only connection between Jim Breyer and the CIA 's man , Gilman Louie . In 2004 , Louie went to work for BBN Technologies , headed up by Breyer . Dr. Anita Jones also joined BBN at that time . Jones had worked for In-Q-Tel and was an adviser to DARPA , the Pentagon 's technology department that helped develop the Internet .
Just to add another thread to the spider web , who is the 4th largest shareholder in Deutsche Bank today ? The Vanguard Group .
I could go on , but you get the idea . This is what “ they 're well-connected ” means .
In the world of investment funding and shareholding , it 's about connections .
Jon Rappoport
The author of two explosive collections , THE MATRIX REVEALED and EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California . They maintain a consulting practice for private clients , the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power . Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize , they have worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years , writing articles on politics , medicine , and health for CBS Healthwatch , LA Weekly , Spin Magazine , Stern , and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe . Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics , health , logic , and creative power to audiences around the world . You can sign up for their free emails at www.nomorefakenews.com
New rumors today imply that Nvidia is preparing to release a mainstream version of its Maxwell GPU in late January . Nvidia debuted Maxwell in three desktop GPUs in 2014 — the lower-end GTX 750 Ti in February , and the high-end GTX 980 and GTX 970 in September . The GTX 970 was the crown jewel of that arrangement , as far as the price-performance ratio is concerned . Now , the company is reportedly prepping a new card for the mainstream market — the GTX 960 .
Specs on the card , at present , are a bit of a muddle . Today 's report indicates that the chip will use a 128-bit memory bus , paired with a new GM206 GPU core and 2GB of RAM . Previous reports , however , had pointed to a larger chip , a 256-bit memory bus , and a 4GB memory buffer using a cut-down version of the same GM204 that powers the GTX 980 and 970 .
I suspect there 's truth to both rumors . Right now , the GTX 970 sells for $ 329 , with 1664 CUDA cores , an 8GB frame buffer , and a 256-bit memory bus . Nvidia could trim the die to create a GTX 960 ( or 960 Ti ) by disabling more cores , but the GTX 970 is already a fair bit smaller than the 980 , with 13 SMMs enabled ( 1664 cores ) as opposed to 16 ( 2048 cores ) on the full chip . Given that Nvidia typically targets both the $ 180- $ 200 and the $ 250- $ 280 market with separate SKUs , it makes sense to assume that the company will introduce products to address both these segments . The question is , how will it hit them ?
When we reviewed the GTX 750 Ti this past spring , we noted that while the card 's power efficiency and performance-per-watt was excellent , AMD ultimately had a stronger offering from its own hardware . The GTX 750 Ti 's 128-bit memory bus appeared to handicap it in 1080p gaming — there were several cases where the older GTX 650 Ti Boost was faster than the card that ostensibly replaced it .
This implies that the GTX 960 , when it does launch , will either offer a larger L2 cache than the GTX 750 Ti , draw on faster memory ( the GTX 750 Ti used 1350MHz GDDR5 , but GDDR5 clocked at 1750MHz is available on the market ) , or will simply use a wider memory bus . A 2GB frame buffer , possibly with a 4GB OEM option , probably makes the most sense for the current space — though given the RAM requirements on next-gen games , Nvidia could plausibly push the envelope on this front a bit .
How this plays out will depend on how much trouble Nvidia wants to make for AMD , and what kind of yields it 's getting on 28nm Maxwell hardware . After the GTX 980 launched , AMD responded with aggressive price cuts on the R9 290 and R9 290X . Combined with the R9 285 that it launched in August , Team Red currently has a solidly competitive lineup at the $ 329 price point and below . Maxwell 's major claim to fame , however , is its performance-per-watt — and that 's a gain that AMD 's current crop of GCN cards simply ca n't match . If Nvidia gets aggressive with pricing this new card , it could put significant pressure on AMD 's competitive structure in the important mainstream market .
Now read : Why are high-end graphics cards so big ?
( Recasts with departure of ship )
By Michael Georgy
JOHANNESBURG , April 18 ( Reuters ) - A ship carrying arms to Zimbabwe left South African waters on Friday after a court refused to allow the weapons to be transported across South Africa , SAPA news agency said .
The Yue Jiang , a Chinese ship , had been at anchor off Durban on South Africa 's Indian Ocean coast since Monday , turning into a flashpoint for trade unions and others critical of President Thabo Mbeki 's quiet diplomacy toward Zimbabwe .
The 300,000-strong South African Transport and Allied Workers Union ( SATAWU ) refused to unload the weapons because of concerns Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's government might use them against opponents in the post-election stalemate .
Several hours after Durban High Court Judge Kate Pillay gave their ruling the ship lifted anchor and left , SAPA said , citing sources that requested anonymity .
It was not clear where it was going .
Pillay issued their ruling after an Anglican bishop and another activist filed an application asking the court to block the arms in a politically charged case that has raised scrutiny of South Africa 's policy on Zimbabwe .
Zimbabwean officials have failed to issue results of the March 29 presidential election . Movement for Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai says they won the presidential poll and their party took a majority of the parliamentary seats .
Mugabe and their supporters are preparing for a run-off as well as challenging some of the parliamentary results .
`` We are concerned that the current standoff could mean the arms would fall into the hands of those who want to use military force against the people of Zimbabwe , '' SATAWU General Secretary Randall Howard told Reuters on Friday .
`` The South African government can not be seen as propping up a military regime , '' they said , adding that workers were refusing to handle four containers on the ship that contained ammunition and other arms .
A South African government spokesperson confirmed that weapons were aboard the ship but said the government would not interfere with what it regarded as a trade matter between China and Zimbabwe .
PRESSURE ON MBEKI
Zimbabwe 's deputy information minister , Bright Matonga , said on Friday that no party had the right to stop the shipment .
`` Every country has got a right to acquire arms . There is nothing wrong with that . If they are for Zimbabwe , they will definitely come to Zimbabwe , '' they told South Africa 's SAFM radio .
`` How they are used , when they are going to be used is none of anybody 's business . ''
The row over the ship has added to the pressure on Mbeki , who has been acting as a regional mediator between Mugabe and Zimbabwe 's opposition and has come under fire for taking a relatively soft line on Mugabe 's government .
Tsvangirai called on Thursday for Mbeki to be removed as a mediator .
For its part , China is trying to prevent the controversy from fuelling criticism over its human rights record and rule in Tibet ahead of hosting the Olympics in August .
Violent protests have followed the Olympic torch across the globe .
China 's Foreign Ministry said in a short faxed statement to Reuters that it had seen the reports about the ship , but `` did not understand the actual situation '' .
`` China and Zimbabwe maintain normal trade relations . What we want to stress is China has always had a prudent and responsible attitude towards arms sales , and one of the most important principles is not to interfere in the internal affairs of other countries , '' the statement said . ( Additional reporting by Phumza Macanda and Ben Blanchard in Beijing ; Editing by Paul Simao and Richard Balmforth )
The Detroit Lions added some veteran insurance to their secondary on Monday , agreeing to terms with free agent strong safety Sean Jones on a one-year deal .
Jones , 30 , visited with the Lions back in early May , but left without a contract offer .
A second-round pick in the 2004 NFL Draft , Jones spent their first five seasons with the Cleveland Browns before making a quick stop with the Philadelphia Eagles in 2009 and then jumping to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2010 . Since entering the league , they have racked up 513 total tackles , 17 interceptions and three forced fumbles while playing in 107 games ( 85 starts ) .
A starter for the Buccaneers over the past two seasons , Jones is coming off of one of the worst seasons of their eight-year NFL career . They were noticeably one of the weakest links in the Buccaneers ' league-worst scoring defense and failed to notch a single interception despite starting in all 16 regular season games . They did , however , tally 92 total tackles .
Jones will provide some veteran presence in the battle for the Lions ' starting strong safety spot . Although veterans Amari Spievey and Erik Coleman turned in valiant OTA performances , the coaches apparently felt it necessary to bring in some extra competition . Both are also coming off of injuries , so adding a player who has n't missed a game in the past two years should help bolster the Lions ' consistency .
Do n't , however , expect Jones to push either of the two asupervisorstioned players for the starting gig . Like many of the pre-training camp signings around the league , this should only work as a way of pushing the current starter to earn their job . Injuries could force Jones onto the field early , though .
Even though they were a full-time starter for the past two seasons with the Buccaneers , this could be Jones ' last chance at earning significant playing time in the NFL . Their level of play has been declining over the past couple of years , which led to them lasting as a free agent this long .
The Lions were looking for some veteran support at safety and they finally found it .
Update ( 4:15 pm CDT ) : In a corresponding move , the Lions waived undrafted rookie safety Sam Proctor , formerly of the University of Oklahoma .
Follow Gil Alcaraz IV on Twitter .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The tunnel had lighting , ventilation and a pulley system
US and Mexican police have discovered a tunnel used to smuggle drugs across the California-Mexico border and seized some 25 tonnes of marijuana .
The tunnel , equipped with ventilation , lighting and a pulley system , was 550m ( 1,800ft ) long but just waist high .
Police said it connected a warehouse on the US side with one in Tijuana , the main gateway for drugs into California .
Mexican cartels have dug scores of border tunnels , although many of those detected had not been finished .
The latest tunnel was discovered after US agents patrolling near the border crossing in the Otay Mesa area of San Diego pulled over a tractor trailer that had left a warehouse under surveillance .
Agents found some 10 tonnes of marijuana on the vehicle , while another 10 to 15 tonnes were seized in a subsequent raid on the building . A US citizen and their Mexican wife were arrested .
`` This was n't a mom-and-pop operation , or , in this case , a husband and wife operation , '' said John Morton , director of the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency ( ICE ) .
`` This is clearly organised crime at work . This was the cartels . ''
'Moved quickly '
At the warehouse , officers also found the entrance to the tunnel , which was just over a metre ( 4ft ) high . The tunnel had lighting , ventilation and rails , which agents believed were used for a pulley system to ferry packets of drugs across the border .
Image caption It was the second major drugs bust in Mexico in the past fortnight
The entrance to the tunnel on the Mexican side was found in an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of Tijuana .
`` The Mexicans moved as quickly as we did . It was an example of the co-ordination needed to be successful , '' said Mr Morton .
Authorities believe the tunnel had been in operation for less than a month .
Mexican soldiers confiscated some five tonnes of marijuana , a military spokesperson said .
The seizures came a fortnight after Mexican authorities made a major haul of cannabis in Tijuana of some 134 tonnes .
Police say drug traffickers are building the tunnels to bypass ever more stringent controls aimed at curtailing the cross-border trade in illegal drugs and guns .
About 75 tunnels have been found in the past four years , many of them still being dug out .
In 2006 , police discovered a 731m ( 2,400ft ) tunnel , the longest found so far , also linking Otay Mesa with Tijuana .
Some 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 when the government launched a crackdown on the gangs that control the routes for trafficking drugs into the US market .
45User Rating : 4 out of 5
Review title of FiveBrush783246 One of the better FPS games on the market .
Of course , before free DLC , you would be like `` Man , these 12 years old 's stealing credit cards to buy premium and then being like `` Hah BRO , I NEEEEEEEEEEED YYYYOOOOOOOUUURRR HELP TO GET ME ASSISTS FOR TWENTY KILLS , SO YOU COME HELP ME AND STUPID 7 YEAR OLD BROTHER CHEAT AND MMMMMMAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYBBBBBBBBBEEEEEEE I 'LL BUY YOU PREMIUM. `` and then they do n't say thank you after `` playing ( boring ) '' for TWO HOURS just because a level 1 never played Battlefield before , and everytime they kill you , they say `` I 'm naturally a PRO at this game '' then ragequits and never played the game again , due to dieing in a Public multiplayer game within 30 seconds of their first real game .
Sunset Point Residence by David Vandervort Architects
Seattle-based David Vandervort Architects have designed the Sunset Point Residence on
San Juan Island , Washington .
Description from the architects :
Perched on a San Juan Island shoreline , this 2,365 sqft home looks northwest over Sunset Bay , Haro Strait , and occasional whales passing by . In order to utilize this small , medium bank waterfront property to the best advantage , the home was designed with two mirroring curved glass walls that frame views , and let maximum light into the home . The architecture is composed of two pavilions arranged to embrace the site and the natural forces acting upon it .
.
Designed for a couple seeking comfort and security , the exterior materials allude to island appropriate but substantial design , with CMU block , naturally stained cedar siding , hot rolled steel and metal roof being the predominant elements .
.
These materials are brought inside as structure and accent , with the great room fireplace set in CMU and steel columns evident throughout . These columns support a nearly 2-story curved window wall and lofts overlook in the Great room .
.
The Kitchen and Dining areas complete this space and visually connect to outdoor entertaining patio , natural landscaping and the walk to the beach .
.
The main floor of the home also contains a full master suite , utility area and 2-car garages . Upstairs , a glass bridge adjacent to the loft connects to a Guest Suite and Exercise area . This space also has a curved glass wall mirroring the great room feature and looking out over Victoria and the Olympics .
.
.
.
Architects : David Vandervort Architects
Photographer : Michael Shopenn
What 's the difference between a cappuccino and a latte ? Is a macchiato really supposed to be filled with caramel and sugary syrup ? What the hell is a cortado , anyway ?
It 's easy to feel overwhelmed when you walk into a coffee shop , and sometimes the three-lattes-deep barista seems a little busy for a drip-by-drip breakdown of their drink offerings . Let 's face it : Good coffee is n't cheap ( nor should it be ) , so the last thing you want to leave with is order remorse .
We visited the friendly folks at Cultivar Coffee and asked them to give us a breakdown of what exactly is in the four core espresso drinks , and to show us how they 're made . Cultivar recently moved across Peavy Road to set up shop in Goodfriend Package , the new sandwich spot and bottle shop , which means this East Dallas coffee spot is now open 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily . That 's plenty of time for you to find the caffeinated beverage that 's right for you .
The mosques of the medieval Islamic world are artistic wonders and perhaps mathematical wonders as well . A study of patterns in 12th- to 17th-century mosaics suggests that Muslim scholars made a geometric breakthrough 500 years before mathematicians in the West .
Peter J. Lu , a physics graduate student at Harvard University , noticed a striking similarity between certain medieval mosque mosaics and a geometric pattern known as a quasi crystal—an infinite tiling pattern that does n't regularly repeat itself and has symmetries not found in normal crystals ( see video below ) . Lu teamed up with physicist Paul Steinhardt of Princeton University to test the similarity : If the patterns repeated when extended infinitely , they could n't be true quasi crystals .
Most of the patterns examined failed the test , but one passed : a pattern found in the Darb-i Imam shrine ( seen in the first video above ) , built in 1453 in Isfahan , Iran . Not only does it never repeat when infinitely extended , its pattern maps onto Penrose tiles—components for making quasi crystals discovered by Oxford University mathematician Roger Penrose in the 1970s—in a way that is consistent with the quasi crystal pattern .
Among the 3,700 tiles Lu and Steinhardt mapped , there are only 11 tiny flaws , tiles placed in the wrong orientation . Lu argues that these are accidents possibly introduced during centuries of repair . “ Art historians always suspected there must be something more to these patterns , ” says Tom Lentz , director of Harvard University Art Museums , but they were never examined with “ this kind of scientific rigor . ”
Go to the next story : 60 . Diamonds From Outer Space
Spokane Public Schools will continue to ask job applicants about their criminal history , despite a Spokane city ruling outlawing the practice .
“ We think there are a couple exemptions that would be applicable to the district , ” said Linda McDermott , the district 's interim chief human resources officer .
Specifically , there is a provision in the law that allows businesses hiring employees who will work with unsupervised children to continue to ask about criminal histories . And , there is a state law that requires school employees to complete a background check .
McDermott said the district considers the circumstances of an employee 's criminal history , and does not automatically reject an applicant simply because they have a conviction .
State law also allows private schools to “ require their employees with regularly unsupervised access to children be fingerprinted for a record check… ”
“ I do n't think that ( ban the box ) will impact us at all , said Jamie Tender the principal of Saint George 's School .
Michael Dougherty , the president of Gonzaga Prep , echoed Tender noting that the private Catholic school is required by law to run background checks . However , they said the school considers a person 's criminal history on a case-by-case basis .
“ As a Catholic organization we support efforts for the reconciliation for people who have made criminal offenses and their abilities to have livelihoods , ” they said .
The law passed Monday by the Spokane City Council includes similar exemptions for employers seeking applicants working with physical or mental disabilities and those requiring a legal guardian . That can include social workers , caretakers and other health professionals .
Those applying for law enforcement positions in the state are also exempted from the “ ban the box ” rule , which will be enforced beginning at the end of 2019 .
Reporter Kip Hill contributed to this report .
Employers added 227,000 workers to their payrolls in January , well above expectations and above the average monthly gain for 2016 ( 180,000 . ) The unemployment rate bumped up another tenth of one percent , to 4.8 % , but even this apparent negative was interpreted by many in the MSM as a positive , on the theory that it reflects more people looking for jobs—people who had previously been too discouraged to even look for work .
“ The labor market started 2017 on the front foot , ” said Carl R. Tannenbaum , chief economist at Northern Trust . “ This is a good , good number. ” [ U.S. Starts Year With Job Surge , but Pay Gains Are Weak , by Patricia Cohen , New York Times , February 3 , 2017 ]
We beg to disagree . Our analysis of the Survey of Households , which unlike the Employer Survey cited by the MSM reports the nativity of respondents , found a labor market in trouble . Not only did total employment decline , but the losses were entirely borne by native-born Americans .
In January :
Total employment fell by 30,000 , down by 0.02 %
Native-born American employment fell by 82,000 , down by 0.07 %
Foreign-born employment rose by 52,000 , up by 0.20 %
In summary : American workers have lost ground to their foreign-born competitors throughout the Obama years . This trend accelerated significantly over the past year—and it continues unabated in the transition month .
This is brought out in our New VDARE.com American Worker Displacement Index ( NVDAWDI ) graphic :
Ca n't render , error
Native-born American employment growth is represented by the black line , immigrant employment growth is in pink , and NVAWDI—the ratio of immigrant to native-born American job growth—is in yellow . The index starts at 100.0 in January 2009 for both immigrants and native-born Americans , and tracks their employment growth since then .
From January 2009 through January 2017 :
Immigrant employment rose by 4.340 million , or by 20.1 % . The immigrant employment index rose from 100.0 to 120.0 .
Native-born American employment rose by 5.520 million , up by 4.6 % . The native-Born American employment index rose from 100.0 to just 104.6 .
NVDAWDI ( the ratio of immigrant to native-born employment growth indexes ) rose from 100.0 to 114.7 . ( 100X ( 120.0/104.6 ) )
During the Obama years , immigrant employment has risen 4.2 times faster than American employment—20.1 % versus 4.6 % .
In many unskilled occupations , the gap is larger , owing to the disproportionate tendency for immigrant workers to displace native-born Americans there .
The key variable in the displacement story : the foreign-born share of total U.S. employment . This has risen steadily , albeit erratically , throughout the Obama years :
Ca n't render , error
In February 2009 , Barack Obama 's first full month in office , 14.972 % of all persons working in the U.S. were foreign-born .
In January 2017 17.087 % of workers were foreign-born—fourth highest among the 97 months of the Obama Era . ( February is the benchmark from which we will measure President Trump 's impact on worker displacement . )
The Obama Era high was set in August 2016 , when 17.216 % of persons working in this country were immigrants .
The foreign-born share of total employment in January was 2.115 percentage points above the level recorded in February 2009 . With total Household Survey employment now at 152.1 million , this implies that Obama-era immigration may have pushed as many as 3.22 million native-born Americans onto the unemployment rolls .
A detailed snapshot of American worker displacement over the past year is seen in the Employment Status of the Civilian Population by nativity table published in the monthly BLS Report . [ PDF ]
Employment Status by Nativity , Jan.2016-Jan.2017 ( numbers in the 1000s ; not seasonally adjusted ) Jan-16 Jan-17 Change % Change Foreign born , 16 years and older Civilian population 41,028 41,379 351 0.9 % Civilian labor force 26,681 27,144 463 1.7 % Participation rate ( % ) 65.0 65.6 0.6 % pts . 0.9 % Employed 25,328 25,721 393 1.6 % Employment/population % 61.7 62.2 0.5 % pts . 0.8 % Unemployed 1,353 1,423 70 5.2 % Unemployment rate ( % ) 5.1 5.2 0.1 % pts . 2.0 % Not in labor force 14,347 14,235 -112 -0.8 % Native born , 16 years and older Civilian population 211,369 212,703 1,334 0.6 % Civilian labor force 130,665 131,532 867 0.7 % Participation rate ( % ) 61.8 61.8 0.0 % pts . 0.0 % Employed 123,710 124,806 1,096 0.9 % Employment/population % 58.5 58.7 0.2 % pts . 0.3 % Unemployed 6,956 6,726 -230 -3.3 % Unemployment rate ( % ) 5.3 5.1 -0.2 % pts -3.8 % Not in labor force 80,704 81,171 467 0.6 % Source : BLS , The Employment Situation -December 2016 , Table A-7 , February 3 , 2017 . PDF
Foreign-born employment rose by 393,000 up 1.6 % , while native-born American employment rose 1.096 million , up by 0.9 % . Immigrant employment grew 78 % faster than native-born employment
The civilian labor force grew 1.7 % for immigrants and 0.7 % for Native-born Americans . Advantage immigrants
The labor force participation rate [ LPR ] , a sign of worker confidence , rose 0.9 % for foreign-born workers and was unchanged for native-born Americans . At 65.6 % , the immigrant LPR is well above the rate for native-born Americans ( 61.9 % . ) ( Advantage immigrants . )
) Remember : this is only the tip of the immigration iceberg . The true measure of post-1965 immigration impact on the labor market would include their U.S.-born children . My estimate : factoring in U.S.-born children virtually doubles ( + 80 % ) immigration 's depression of American wages .
Over the past 12 months : Looking for a Trump effect ? Try looking at those population numbers . The foreign-born population of working age ( legal and illegal ) rose a mere 313,000 year over year–a fraction of the projected 1 million average annual legal influxes . This is a dramatic reduction from recent rates
This may reflect the exodus of illegals in anticipation of a Trump crackdown .
The light at the end of the tunnel ? Stay tuned .
Edwin S. Rubenstein ( email him ) is President of ESR Research Economic Consultants .
Internet was sparse and it was fairly late in the day when I arrived at the München airport . A quick assessment of hotels revealed a notable price bump for Oktoberfest . Unfortunately , I 'd have to kill one night before making it to Jeanny 's place . The cheapest place I could find was 100 € ( ~ $ 140 ) – which is about double the most I 'd spent on a hotel so far this trip . It also turned out to be one of the worst hotels I would stay at . It was a 30 km ride from the airport and in the wrong direction . I rode hard to beat the sunset . The days off the bike helped a lot and I was able to keep the pace over 30 kph for much of it .
The next day , I had a 60 km ride to Tandern , a small village north north west of Munich . I lucked out with the weather as it was fairly warm and clear for the entirety of the ride . It was a fairly easy ride , but I was glad when it was over . The small hills towards Tandern were annoying as I was n't anticipating anything but flats .
I arrived to Jeanny awaiting my arrival on their porch . They lived in a home that their grandpa had lived in since before second world war ( as far as I understood ) . Them grandpa was pretty awesome . Their only experience with english was from the American soldiers at the end of WWII . Perhaps not the best of memories . They were hesitant to talk to me at first , but eventually tried practising the few words of english they remembered — about as many Deutsch words as I knew . From what I could gather , he 's going to be moving to Canada before long and setting up a ranch there . I believe they even offered me work on their ranch , but I ca n't be certain .
Tandern is in the district of Dachau ; notable as Dachau was the location of the first concentration camp . License plates here contain : your country , and your region . Apparently it 's not uncommon for cars exhibiting “ DAH ” – the abbreviation for Dachau – to be defaced or vandalized while traveling .
My first trip to Oktoberfest ( or Wiesn as they call it here ) was with Jeanny and their friends . Being locals , they were n't so enthused about checking out wiesn . Perhaps it had something to do with the hordes of tourists coming to their town to get wasted . The end of the night is surely the best time to experience all of the hooliganism . The festivities shutdown harshly at 11:30 pm sharp .
Even in a short visit to Oktoberfest , I was witness to : bierleichen ( “ beer corpses ” or people passed out randomly on the ground ) , people using invisible water closets everywhere around the grounds , and one fight . The fight was not staged well . Although the drunken flying leg kick was impressive , about 30 police officers were within 10 meters of where the fight broke out between 4 men . Needless to say , they were tackled and subdued in quick order .
Another town , another hockey game . München is home to the Red Bulls who play in the German league . The only NHL player name I recognized was Steven Reinprecht who was playing for the opposing team . However , the arena was littered with people wearing Blake Wheeler and Paul Stastny München jerseys – a side effect of the most recent NHL lockout .
The game was full of action . It started with two quick goals in the first 51 seconds . The home team was trailing the entire game and found themselves down 5-2 . They rallied and tied the game in the dying seconds but failed to complete the comeback , losing in shootout . The atmosphere was excellent , but in terms of crowds , the Kloten Flyers ' game remains the best I 've been to in Europe .
The plan was to meet up with Wade on the first for Oktoberfest ; however , they turned out to be a zipfelklatscher . After losing confidence in our meeting , I posted a random “ hey , who 's up for meeting up and checking out Oktoberfest ” message on CS . Without fail , I met up with two randoms : Wes and Gabriel .
We made our way quickly to a tent . The first task was to find 3 open seats . It was n't as challenging as I was told . After a quick walkthrough , we 'd already spotted a number of options . Naturally , we took the one with the most ladies in dirndls . Everyone was very friendly . Even to us – us in our non-lederhosen gear . It was 10 € for a Maß‎ ( 10 dL beer ) and 10 € for a roasted chicken .
My expectations were rather low . However , it turned out to be awesome . Nearly everyone we ended up sitting with was local . Everyone was super friendly and inviting . Anyone calling out cheers or prost on your table would cause a chain reaction where everyone would join in .
I made the mistake of ordering the daily special : sauerkraut , potatoes , and two sausages beyond description . Lesson learned : stick to the roasted chicken .
The next stop was back to Switzerland . A number of us were to meet up and go for a three day hike through the canton of Friboug . There were of course nine of us . Nine Companions to match the Nine Ringwraiths… The parallel was obvious , but I neglected to point it out . Surely everyone in the group was thinking the same .
I was less than prepared : chrome “ converse ” cycling shoes , shorts , a hoodie , and a cycling rain jacket would have to suffice . How hard could this hike be anyway ?
Our first goal was to reach the summit of Vanil Noir . It is the highest point in Fribourg . Roughly a 2000 m climb from the parking lot . Errands had set us back . Even with a 7:30 am departure in the morning , we were still running late . We had to stop in the famous town of Gruyères to pick up cheese for the fondue planned for that evening . It was looking like we might have to skip the summit and b-line it for the hut .
After about 4 hours of hiking we 'd made it to the crossroads ; by our best estimation : 2 hours to the hut or 3 hours to the hut via the summit . If we were lucky , there were 4 hours of daylight remaining . Looking up at the summit was daunting . A large cross was erected at the summit . It towered above us . Sharp steep inclines surrounded it on all sides . Is there some less steep way up on its back side ? I was tired and was pushing to skip the summit . It seemed we did n't have enough time to complete the hike anyway .
The group became divided . Andrea was doing the summit regardless , and Jeanny was heading to the hut . Both Marc and Andrea are very experienced alpine hikers . I asked for a coin . No one had one – summit it is . Damnit . Four of us headed up towards the summit : Andrea , Marc , Marina , and myself .
The gradient immediately became ridiculous . The sharp angle was painful in my converse shoes . The back of my heels were strained . I kept looking ahead for potential rest points . We ploughed on . It was a brutal climb . Marina and I tried to stop briefly for water . “ Please , just keep moving. ” There was panic in Marc 's voice . This was a lot coming from the easy-going mild mannered Marc that we were used to . It was getting late and we were only a quarter of the way up the slope .
A group of experienced hikers made their way down the slope towards us . They were likely in their 50s . They all had hiking sticks and hiking boots . Looking at my shoes they started to speak in French – we were in the French region of Switzerland . Marc relayed the message – they were concerned about my shoes and did not think it was safe to proceed . The path was muddy and slippery . “ Can I turn around ” I thought to myself . “ We have to keep going , it 's too late to turn around . We already made our decision , we knew it was dangerous. ” stated Marc . They were right though . There was n't enough time to climb back down and then hike up the other side of the ridge to the hut . I was committed for better or for worse .
It was n't only people mocking us . Mountain goats kept a watchful eye on us .
The path got worse . It went along a narrow ridge to the next mountain . Due to the pressure and panic , I was unable to stop for pictures along the scariest section of the ascent . I was anxious and legitimately afraid as we made our way towards the peak . There was no option but forward .
Here 's a photo of the path to the top . I stole this from the internet and have marked the path itself . You follow the ridge and then climb to the backside of the peak . There are sections of chains where the path is only wide enough for a single foot and the slope is ridiculously steep . Certain death lies below . The backside is still extremely steep , but scalable without chains .
Adrenaline was indeed pumping as we made the final ascent . There were a couple points where it felt like full on rock climbing . At one point I had to pull up my leg with one arm to get a proper hold so I could push myself up . I would n't dare let go of my grip with my other hand . I 've done rock climbing before , but there was n't much room for error here . The scariest part was in the absence of the chains . It was too steep to walk . You had to use the rocks to pull yourself up on top of the ridge .
Finally , after about two hours from the crossroads , we made it to the top :
Needless to say , the view was surreal . However , the hike was n't over . What remained was arguably the most dangerous part of the journey : the descent . With mud covering my shoes , my traction was compromised . In the very steep sections , it was not possible to go down on your ass . You needed to face the mountain and climb down the rockface . In parts there were chains to aid the descent ; however , in others , there was nothing .
Afterwards , Marc informed me it was a T5 hike . Which clearly I should have known from the white-blue-white markings :
Rate Terrain Requirements
T5
Demanding Alpine Hike Often trackless . Some easy climbing posts . If route marked : white-blue-white . Exposed , demanding terrain , steep parts . Glaciers and Firn with slippage danger . Hiking boots . Secure site assessment guidance and very good orientation . Good alpine experience and high-alpine terrain . Elementary knowledge in dealing with ice axe and rope .
Slippage danger ? Hiking boots ? Alpine experience ? Axe and rope ? Um , yeah , if I had of known this in advance , perhaps I would not have attempted it in my “ converse ” shoes .
Upon arriving at the hut , we learned that one of the ladies we saw on the descent had attempted the hike by herself . Afraid of getting back , they told them to start worrying about them if they did not return by 8 pm . They had not , but we were able to inform the hut that we had seen them taking a descent on the other side . Apparently once they reached the summit they had decided it was too dangerous to descend the same way she 'd gone up ( the way we descended ) . They met the other hikers and followed them down the other side .
Next week , I 'll be meeting up with Terry in Paris for the World Series of Poker Europe . We 'll be playing in the No-Limit Hold'em event on Saturday . Looking forward to this weekend , it should be intense ; maybe there will even be time to check out Paris .
Ciao .
In an attempt to stay fit and get a taste of European experience , Homegrown midfielder Wil Trapp is headed to Holland where they will train with PEC Zwolle of the Dutch Eredivisie . The first club of new Sporting Director and Head Coach Gregg Berhalter 's playing career , the arrangement with `` The Bluefingers '' culminated within the past week or so .
`` My agent and Gregg have been talking a lot about trying to get me overseas , just to get my feet wet a little bit , get some experience and learn a few things , '' Trapp said Thursday . `` It just formulated to this recently , I found out two days ago . I 'm excited. ``
After a busy 2013 in which they helped the United States qualify and play in the FIFA Under-20 World Cup in Turkey and starting the final 16 matches for the Crew upon their return , the Gahanna native is sacrificing vacation time for the experience with Zwolle . Just over a month removed from their rookie season , Trapp has started to become antsy without regular training sessions .
The 2013 U.S. Soccer Young Male Athlete of the Year looks forward to getting a feel for the soccer culture in Holland during the two-week training stint .
`` To me , I get restless when I 'm not playing , '' Trapp said . `` I 'm excited for this because I want to see what the level is like over there and hopefully bring some things I learn over there back for my sophomore season . ''
Aside from the soccer , Trapp is anxious to get a feel for the culture in Europe . After traveling the world for with different levels of the U.S . Youth National Team , the Akron product is ready to take in a bit of the European experience .
`` [ I look forward to ] the culture , just to see what it 's like because I 've traveled to Europe , but I 've never been sedentary there , '' they explained .
`` I 'm excited just to see what it 's like to live there and go to training every day . ''
The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra announces that local Cincinnati band Little Lights will be the opening act for the MusicNOW Festival on Friday , March 21 . The band will perform at from 7 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. in Music Hall 's Springer Auditorium . Comprised of Emmie Bishop , Scot Torres , and Gabriel Molnar , Little Lights features “ Dreampop soundscapes , lush guitar washes , and vintage beats accompany softly sung melodies. ” The full concert program begins at 8 p.m. with the CSO 's ensemble-in-residence eighth blackbird performing Bryce Dessner 's ( MusicNOW Founder and Artistic Director and guitarist with popular rock band The National ) Murder Ballades . The full CSO then performs Mr. Dessner 's St .
Carolyn by the Sea which features Bryce and their brother Aaron ( also of The National ) on electric guitar . The second half of the program consists of the world premiere of Nico Muhly 's Pleasure Ground , a portrait work commissioned by the Orchestra depicting the life of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmstead . The Orchestra brings the performance to a close with Scriabin 's The Poem of Ecstasy .
The CSO 's pioneering MusicNOW collaboration represents a spirit of experimentation permeating Louis Langrée 's inaugural season as CSO Music Director . The Festival will continue on Saturday , March 22 with works by Jonny Greenwood , Penderecki , Prokofiev and a world premiere by David Lang .
Both performances will take place at Cincinnati 's historic Music Hall . Tickets for each concert ( which include the opening act by Little Lights ) are still available and start at $ 12 . More information and tickets are available by calling the CSO Box Office at ( 513 ) 381-3300 or visiting www.cincinnatisymphony.org/musicnow .
Dave Smith Instruments today introduced the DSM03 Feedback Module , their third Eurorack synth module .
At the heart of the module is a tuned feedback line , with adjustable parameters for Amount and Tuning . It also features a newly-designed , resonant , low-pass filter for further signal processing .
A noise source is also provided with Trigger In as well as Attack and Decay envelope controls to allow Karplus-Strong-type plucked string synthesis .
“ We adapted the feedback feature originally found in our Evolver , Pro 2 , and Prophet 12 synths , ” notes Smith . “ The idea is that you have a tuned feedback loop that takes the audio output , runs it back through the filter , then through a delay line so you can perform Karplus-Strong synthesis—or just use it for mangling sounds . ”
The 4-pole , resonant , lowpass filter is a new digital design , based partially on classic analog filters of the past , but with over-sampling and numerous tweaks in the signal path . There was no attempt to copy or duplicate a specific , existing filter . We simply wanted to provide a great-sounding design that works well both in the feedback context and as a stand-alone tone-shaping tool . ”
The DSM03 module is a 10HP wide , standard Eurorack-format device with interconnections made using 3.5 mm phone jacks . A set of inputs allow individual voltage control of feedback amount , tuning , low-pass filter frequency , and filter resonance . The module provides one audio input and one audio output as well as an audio trigger input for the noise source . The digital filter 's signal path provides full 24-bit , 96 kHz resolution for superior audio fidelity .
“ When it comes to designing our modules , we like to provide things that are slightly esoteric , but still fundamental to the Dave Smith sound , ” notes Smith . “ Tuned feedback has been a part of the tonal palette of our synthesizers since the Evolver , so we wanted modular users to have access to it , too . It offers a lot of really fun , creative possibilities . ”
Pricing and Availability
The Dave Smith Instruments DSM03 module is available now with a MAP of $ 275 .
If you want to buy a Windows 10 Mobile phone , but do n't want to spend a lot , now 's your chance .
Microsoft says it will launch the Lumia 550 in “ select markets ” today for $ 139 without a contract . The phone is unlocked , and supports 4G LTE data speeds , though Microsoft has n't specified on which networks it will operate . The buy link has also yet to go live on Microsoft 's website as of this writing .
For tech specs , the Lumia 550 has a 4.7-inch 720 display , a 1.1 GHz quad-core Snapdragon processor , 1GB of RAM , 8GB of storage , a 5-megapixel rear camera and a 2-megapixel front camera . Microsoft promises up to 10 hours of Wi-Fi browsing or 14 hours of 3G talk time from the 2,100 mAh battery , which is removable . The spec sheet also mentions an exchangeable back cover , though Microsoft has only announced black and white options .
Keep in mind that as a low-end device , the Lumia 550 does n't support Continuum , which lets certain Windows 10 Mobile phones plug into a docking station for use with a mouse , keyboard , and desktop monitor . It also lacks the infrared sensor necessary for Windows Hello facial recognition .
On the higher end , Microsoft is selling the Lumia 950 through AT & T for $ 600 off-contract , and will soon sell the unlocked Lumia 950 XL for $ 650 , with a free Display Dock for a limited time . So far , Acer is the only other company to have announced a Windows 10 mobile phone , though Alcatel OneTouch will likely have its own cheap handset by year-end .
The impact on you at home : Why bother with the Lumia 550 ? Microsoft says it 's a solid way to experience the company 's own services , such as Cortana , OneDrive , and Office . These services are also available on iOS and Android , however , so it 's mostly just a cheap phone that will probably run smoother than your average budget Android handset .
Amid growing international condemnation , the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia now has come forward with a grand proposal that aims to build 200 mosques in German cities for Syrian refugees .
Germany Daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung , quoting a report in Lebanese newspaper Al Diyar , said that the Saudi monarchs , who have been criticised for doing nothing to help the Syrian refugees , have offered to build as many as 200 mosques in Germany for Muslims who have fled war-torn Syria .
KSA reportedly has proposed to build one mosque for every 100 refugees who entered Germany in extraordinary numbers last weekend . The proposal is still pending with the German authorities .
Even as the migrant crisis threatens Europe , the Saudi nation that boasts of being a cradle of Islam has shown little effort to help the desperate refugees .
According to Amnesty International , Bahrain , the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and Qatar , `` have offered zero resettlement places to Syrian refugees , '' France24 reported .
An estimated four million Syrians have fled their homes since the start of the conflict in 2011 . According to The Independent , the Saudis recently revealed that 500,000 Syrians have found homes in KSA , but as workers and not refugees .
But when it comes to actually helping the refugees , countries such as Turkey , Lebanon and Jordan have done way more than the wealthy Saudis .
Turkey has assisted 2 million Syrian refugees , while Lebanon took in 1.1 million and Jordan has aided 630,000 displaced Syrians . According to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , in contrast the Saudi government in 2014 helped 561 refugees and 100 asylum seekers , reported The Wall Street Journal .
Let It Burn : The conservative choice [ Weirddave ]
Anger . You 're angry .
I get that , because I 'm frickin furious . I mean , I-better-not-have-a-drink-to-calm-down-because-I-might-never-stop-drinking livid . The damage done to our country in the past two decades but really in the past seven years is mind numbing . Not only has TFG thumbed their nose at the founding principles of this nation while doing an in-your-face touchdown dance at conservatives , but “ our ” party , the Grand Old Pussies , have continually rolled over before them while begging for scraps of their magnificence for their table .
We 've done our part as citizens . We gave the GOP a majority in the House in 2010 so they could stop him , and when that was n't enough , we added the Senate in 2014 . We 've donated , politicked , canvassed and phone banked . We have made ourselves perfectly clear , chasing the dayglo Speaker of the House from their perch and electing patriots like Dave Brat in Virginia .
And what has the response been ? Disdain . Scorn . Anger . How dare we question our betters ? From colluding with Democrats to prop up the brittle bones of the senile Thad Cochran in Mississippi , to passing the cromnibuss pork spending bill after Boo Hoo Boehner resigned to the repeated attempts , such as the Rubio/Schumer Gang of 8 bills , to shove nation-killing amnesty down our throats , we have been ignored , insulted and reviled . Even today the DC establishment is pulling out all the stops to get Rubio elected so that they can serve their Chamber of Commerce masters .
Enough . If these people have forgotten that they work for us and are determined not to remember , then it is up to us to forcefully remind them .
Let
It
Burn .
That decision , it 's easy . What 's not so easy is , as Ghostbusters might put it , is choosing the form of the destructor .
Let 's survey the field . Kasich is a joke , a big government Republican pining for the days of Nelson Rockefeller . Ben Carson is a decent man who has been seduced into being a never ending , multimillion dollar bot compiling an email list for future fund-raising efforts . Jeb Bush is the last gasp of the Bush dynasty , running 10 years too late and Marco Rubio is the slickly packaged Madison Avenue pretty boy , America 's last , the best chance for amnesty . If Mexico is your vision of America 's future , then Marco is your guy .
That leaves Donald Trump and Ted Cruz .
Trump is sheer bravado , 1.21 jigawats of pure testosterone . If you want to stick your thumb in the eye of DC elites , well , Donald will stick their thumb , palm , wrist and forearm right into the skull of the Washington cartel . Balls to the wall , damn-the-torpedos , full speed ahead American arrogance , that 's Donald Trump .
Ted Cruz , on the other hand , is the slow knife , the knife that takes its time , the knife that waits years without forgetting , that slips quietly between the bones . That 's the knife that cuts deepest . He 's the smartest guy in any room , and their great sin is that he 's a class traitor . They went to Princeton and Harvard , checked all of the right boxes on their way up . The DC elite look at Ted Cruz and they see someone who is one of them , except they wo n't play ball . They have principles . They take the promises they made to the electorate seriously They actually seem to believe in that rah rah America crap the rubes in flyover country revere .
Those are the choices . Visceral brutality or the elegant intellectual . How to choose ? None of us really knows how either man would act as POTUS . Campaign promises are cheap and subject to change . Words are worthless next to deeds . I would like to look at this question through a different lens , one that I have n't heard talked about much .
Brand .
Every corporation , every organization , even every individual is always concerned with their brand . This is a fundamental human concept , we 're all concerned to some degree with how others perceive us . Politicians are ACUTELY aware of this , and will do anything to preserve their brand . With that in mind , lets look at how each of these might behave as president .
First of all Trump . What is their brand ? Bold ? Outspoken ? Crude ? All of those , certainly , but Trump 's brand is TRUMP . He 'll promise the moon , stars and planets , but when it comes down to decision time , they are always going to err on the side of glorifying Donald John Trump , it 's what they have done all their life . Trump Towers , Trump casinos , Trump golf courses , the list goes on . I 'll bet their seamstress rips the Fruit of the Loom tags out of their underwear and sews in Trump tags . This tendency worries me in a president . It 's certainly likely that they could tear great gaping holes in the Washington machine , but what will they replace it with ? We 've had 8 years of an administration treating the rule of law as toilet paper for their own ends , is continuing to rip it asunder for different ends really an improvement ? They say now that he 'll build a wall , but do you really think he 'll do it if the effect is to deprive Trump properties of cheap labor ( and thus damage the Trump brand ) ? I find that unlikely . Do you think he 'll negotiate hard against China if China grants preferential land rights to Trump casinos ? I doubt it . Equally likely IMO is that Democrats in DC will figure out how to manipulate them via their enormous ego . Suppose a bill to “ repeal ” Obamacare comes across their desk , a bill that replaces it with full single payer called “ Trumpcare ” . Does ANYONE doubt that he 's sign that puppy in a second ? Trump may very well do a great deal of damage to the establishment Washington , but I have no confidence that it will do anything but destroy the last vestiges of constitutional governance in this nation . We 'll still have elections , but they 'll be contests between Democrats and Republicans simply to put their guy or gal in charge so they can manipulate the raw levers of power for the benefit their donor groups . We citizens will simply be beasts of burden to fund the lavish lifestyles of the well connected . IOW , America will revert to the human norm , a vast underclass laboring to fund the lavish lifestyle of a small elite .
Fine . What about Cruz ? Cruz has built their entire public and political persona on fealty to the Constitution . That 's their identity . You can believe that their filibuster was a publicity stunt or a principled stand , but the fact is that fact is that they sold it as a principled stand , and for them to go back on that would do incalculable damage to their brand . Washington DC today operates far removed from the Constitution . Cruz has to attack that , and they have to attack it from the angle of returning to Constitutional governance . They Have to . To do otherwise would do tremendous harm to their brand . Do they mean it ? I tend to believe that they do , but it does n't really matter . That 's the box they have locked themselves into . Moving outside that box would finish them as surely as “ read-my-lips ” George H.W . Bush was finished by raising taxes .
So that 's the choice if you 're in the let it burn crowd . Raw destruction for destruction 's sake , or surgical destruction in the name of restoration . I know which I prefer . We 're angry because greedy , corrupt politicians have betrayed our birthright . We 're angry . What should we do with that anger ? Use it for short sighted revenge , or channel it in the direction that might start to recreate at least some of what we 've lost ?
Choose wisely .
The INSIDER Summary :
• A travel blogger claims someone is following them around the world , copying their photos , and posting them on their own Instagram account .
• The story has gone viral , but the pieces do n't all add up .
There 's a story making the rounds on news outlets and fashion sites alike about an Instagram star who allegedly discovered a copycat account .
This 23-year-old Australian Instagram star , originally from Lennox Head in northern NSW and famous for their travel photos , says another Instagrammer followed them around the world and mimicked every detail of their photos , from the angles to the outfits .
It 's a crazy story . Imagine the planning and expense that would go into following a travel blogger to multiple countries just to replicate their exact photos .
In fact , it 's such a crazy story that when we started digging into it , we found that it was all a little fishy . And then we found one particular piece of evidence that made us even more suspicious .
Here 's the story , in case you missed it : Travel blogger Lauren Bullen ( who goes by @ gypsea_lust on Instagram ) claimed in a November 11 blog post that they had discovered a copycat Instagrammer named @ diana_alexa who was allegedly following them around the world and imitating their pictures with impressive detail .
In the blog post , titled “ Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , ” Bullen shared screenshots of the alleged copycat photos and noted that “ Diana ” had made their Instagram account private . A few days later , Bullen updated the post to say that they had been in touch with Diana , and the two had reconciled in the wake of the media storm .
But that 's when things got weird . Bullen later took down their blog post ( she restored it on Nov. 17 ) and when INSIDER got in touch with her , they refused to put us in contact with Diana or to share any details of their conversation . We 've been unable to find Diana on our own .
And while it 's not impossible , it seems beyond reason that someone would go to the trouble and expense of recreating another person 's travel photos in such detail . This has led some to speculate that it was a stunt to gain Bullen more followers on social media .
Bullen , who currently has 778,000 Instagram followers , gets paid for their photos and posts . Diana does n't have much of a following , and would likely have to travel on their own dime .
Putting aside the expense and unlikelihood that Diana would have been able to book identical hotel rooms to the ones Bullen stayed in days before , here are some of the other red flags we ca n't get past :
Many of Bullen 's geotags only list cities , not exact locations . It would have taken an absurd amount of time , money , and effort for Diana to track down the exact fruit stands or market vendors that serve as Bullen 's backdrop .
Just look at these photos taken in Marrakesh , Morocco . What are the chances a stranger would have stumbled on the exact same doorway in a city of almost 1 million people ?
Diana also wears the exact same outfits as Bullen , and they look a lot smaller on Diana . This makes us think that the two were travelling together . Bullen could have been lending the much taller Diana their outfits , which would explain why Diana 's hemlines are so much higher . Some of the outfits , like the yellow t-shirt in the Moroccan doorway , would have been almost impossible to replicate .
We considered the possibility that Diana 's pictures were Photoshopped . Business Insider senior graphics editor Mike Nudelman took a look at the images and thought they were real ( or a really impressive Photoshop job ) . They said it seemed more likely that the photos were taken around the same time , but not one immediately after the other .
Then there 's what could be the smoking gun : when you Google “ diana_alexa ” and “ gypsea_lust , ” the results include a Twitter account from 2011 that appears to link “ Diana ” with Bullen 's email address . The message board sleuths who discovered it are citing it as evidence that Diana does n't exist and the whole thing is a hoax .
Diana Alexa 's Twitter account is private , but the Google search appears to show a cached version of the Twitter account 's information , from when it was still public .
At this point , we 're totally baffled . In an email to INSIDER , Bullen maintains that it 's no hoax — but we still ca n't find Diana .
Publicity stunt or not , the whole debacle has been a boon for Bullen : She 's gained nearly 200,000 Instagram followers in a week .
NOW WATCH : A pastry chef on Instagram makes cake decorating look easy
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox . Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , and Instagram .
Initial release of 1.2 was a little too buggy for my liking , and yours too , I 'm sure .
So here 's a bug fixing update , I might do this one more time before 1.3 , as there will be many changes in that version which should bring it 's own round of nastiness . So let 's get as many current bugs squashed as possible . Please post anything you feel needs to be fixed before 1.3 in the bug reports forum , and remember to post your save files if necessary , they go a loooooong way toward isolating these issues .
Change Log for 1.2.1 :
Merchant 's can now be killed by ( goblin ) arrows .
Castle gates will no longer ‘ revive ' their attackers .
Sconce lighting can not be built inside of the terrain while z-hiding .
There is now a notification if a unit dies after falling off a ladder .
The chance to fall off a ladder has also been lessened .
Crafters who are sitting will now stand up to create resources .
Units commanded to halt in water will now play the correct swimming animations .
Fixed an error with Adventurer levels being loaded incorrectly .
Multiple herders will no longer work on the same task .
Upon loading a game , animals will no longer transfer to levels above them .
Fixed an error where blocks surrounding chairs would become destroyed after loading .
Merchant arrival produces a notification again .
Archers are again more likely to shoot at enemies 2 blocks above & below them .
Toronto Police have launched an investigation into whether alleged hate speech was preached by two speakers at the Masjid Toronto mosque in 2016 .
“ With a complaint filed , there is now an investigation , ” Toronto Police spokesperson Mark Pugash confirmed Wednesday .
In addition to the police investigation , the Muslim Association of Canada ( MAC ) has also opened its own internal investigation .
Police are also investigating hate crime complaints against people protesting in front of the downtown mosque Friday .
But media allegations suggesting people could be spewing hate speech while protesting such things as Sharia Law , ISIS and beheadings , prompted former Israeli intelligence colonel Jonathan Halevi to dig up shocking translated sermons from two imams during 2016 's Ramadan observance .
The sermons included things such as the need to “ purify ” the Dome of Rock mosque in Jerusalem of the “ filth of the Jews ” and slaying non-believers , infidels and polytheists .
“ The double standard and hypocrisy was appalling , ” said Halevi , who alleges the hate was happening inside the mosque — not outside .
The mosque , and one of the speakers , has repeatedly apologized .
And MAC also temporarily suspended a mosque employee while the probes are underway .
“ We condemn all forms of discrimination and intolerance to any faith group , ” MAC spokesperson Memona Hossain told the Toronto Sun . “ We take this incident very seriously and we are working to rectify it and ensure it does n't happen at all in future . ”
Meanwhile , MAC is also investigating and said in a release “ we have also reached out to leaders in the Jewish community to express our sincere apology for this incident , and to continue the dialogue between our communities . ”
The Jewish Defence League ( JDL ) , which filed the police complaint , says it is not ready to accept an apology at this point and wants more information on what is behind these sermons .
“ We want police to conduct its investigation and look thoroughly into what is going on inside of the mosque ” and “ into its outside affiliations , ” said Meir Weinstein , JDL 's national co-ordinator , who turned over two videos and other evidence to a detective at 32 Division .
The JDL and B'nai Brith Canada has also asked Ryerson University to begin a probe of one of its teaching faculty , the suspended mosque employee who is a PhD student .
Ryerson has not yet returned calls .
“ There is no place for someone who describes Jews as ‘ filth ' as a teaching assistant at a Canadian university , especially when this anti-Semitism is disguised as pious religious expression , ” said Aidan Fishman , of B'nai Brith Canada . “ We have notified Ryerson about Mr. Ayman Elkasrawy 's comments and expect them to take swift action . ”
Meanwhile , the JDL has told MAC “ in the interest of diversity and Canadian values , the Jewish Defence League is asking that you postpone your open house scheduled for this Saturday , Feb. 25 , pending the police investigation . ”
But Hossain said as of Wednesday night , the open house was still on but there is a sincere effort underway to repair this situation and respond appropriately . “ We take this incident very seriously and we are working to rectify it and ensure it does n't happen at all in future . ”
As for the start of an investigation , they said , they work with police regularly and will “ co-operate as needed . ”
Pugash said a thorough investigation will now commence .
Armed attackers say they 're warriors for Mexico But paramilitaries may worsen the situation in violence-plagued nation
MEXICO CITY - They tout themselves as self-effacing saviors , spilling still more blood as patriotic tribute to their already-lacerated homeland .
`` We are the armed wing of the people and for the people , '' a ski-masked man intones in a videotaped declaration explaining their group 's recent murders of as many as 49 people in the Gulf Coast port of Veracruz . `` We are anonymous warriors … proudly Mexican . ''
The man condemns their victims as members of the brutal Zetas gang , which has branched out from drug running and assassination into extortion , kidnapping and other maladies . Their deaths will prove the first of many , the speaker suggests . Offering `` respect to the armed forces , which we understand can not act outside the law , '' the man says their brethren , the Zeta Killers , will inflict vengeance `` to the benefit of the Mexican nation . ''
But the Veracruz killings and other incidents raise the specter of social and political goals seeping into what until now has been purely a contest for illicit gain . That could herald an even deadlier phase in a country where violence has taken upward of 45,000 lives in the last five years .
`` This is a paramilitary group against another paramilitary group , '' said Samuel Gonzalez , a former senior federal law enforcement official who warns of a looming `` civil war '' for territory and markets . `` We have n't had this kind of clear evidence of their existence until now . ''
`` Paramilitary '' is a loaded word in Latin America , referring to conservative private militias operating with the connivance and often active cooperation of government officials and private enterprise .
Such groups surged a generation ago in Colombia - financed by drug lords , wealthy ranchers and business executives enraged at kidnapping and extortion by leftist guerrillas . They greatly spiked the body count in that country 's struggle with insurgents and gangsters .
`` If the Mexicans thought it could n't get any worse , this is obviously an extremely worrying development , '' said Michael Shifter , president of the Inter American Dialogue in Washington , D.C. , who is an authority on Colombia 's violent journey .
`` It starts as the defense of private interests that are not defended adequately by the government , '' Shifter says . `` Then it becomes a Frankenstein , out of control . ''
President Felipe Calderon 's spokesperson dismissed the killers as common gangsters , `` delinquents of a band trying to take over the criminal activities of another group . ''
`` Up until now , there 's no evidence to imply that this criminal group can be defined as paramilitary , '' spokesperson Alejandra Soto said .
Claiming to protect
In the Pacific resort of Zihuatanejo on Thursday , banners announced that the Knights Templar from Michoacan state had arrived in town to confront `` kidnapping and all kinds of extortion . '' Promoting a quasi-religious philosophy despite their criminal transgressions , the gangsters long have claimed to protect the communities in their home state .
As Mexico 's violence worsened in recent years , some rural towns set up self-defense brigades and suburban mayors their own spy networks . Neighborhood residents have taken to lynching suspected thieves and rapists . Some criminal bands long have promoted themselves as `` the good bad guys , '' smuggling drugs to the United States but leaving local citizens in peace .
`` It responds to the failure of the federal and state security forces to provide protection , '' said Bruce Bagley , a political scientist at the University of Miami who tracks organized crime in Colombia and Mexico . `` It 's rival groups acting outside the control of government of any sort . It becomes the source of still more violence . ''
The Zetas themselves set the Mexican standard for militarized crime . Founded by former soldiers , some of them special forces , the gang hired on as killers for the Gulf Cartel in the late 1990s , specializing in lightning raids on opponents . Other gangs geared up to take on the Zetas , buying better guns , hiring more mercenaries , training recruits .
Knights Templar , the Zetas rivals , soon took on aspects of militias , claiming to defend local towns from the gang . Mexico 's other cartels have carved up the country into zones of influence .
`` If you have economic power and military power , then by default you have political power , '' said Robert Bunker , one of the security analysts at the U.S. online publication Small Wars Journal who argues Mexico suffers a criminal insurgency . `` That is a politicized social perspective that insurgents would have or paramilitaries would have . ''
Saying they 're from a criminal band called the Jalisco Cartel-New Generation , the Zeta Killers warned in July they intended to take Veracruz away from the Zetas .
Victims shrugged off
The bodies dumped over several days last week around Veracruz seem a down payment on that promise . Veracruz Gov . Javier Duarte and other officials shrugged off the victims as criminals .
Just one of the 35 nude or scantily clothed victims left on a busy interchange had been shot , according to Mexican press accounts of the coroner 's report . The others died of suffocation from being crushed into an air-less space . Some evidenced burns from hot metal objects .
`` Our intention was to show the people of Veracruz that this scourge against society is not invincible , '' the masked Zeta Killer leader says in the group 's video .
dudley.althaus @ chron.com
As most K-pop fans are aware ( thanks in no small part to Leeteuk ‘ s months-long whinefest of a grand farewell ) , male celebrities in South Korea face a unique restriction on their careers : they must fulfill nearly two years of mandatory military service , and it must be completed during what many would consider to be the prime of their youth and popularity ( generally , at some point in their twenties ) . By virtue of their fame , many celebrities wind up having an easier go of it than do most soldiers ; serving chiefly as outreach/public relations officers , many celebrities wind up escaping the harsher tasks delegated to ordinary active duty soldiers ( like shoveling snow until the DMZ is clearly visible from a plane ) . Granted , not all celebrities opt to take what many would call “ the easy way out ” ; Hyun-bin , for example , went the extra mile and volunteered for the Marines , which is a notoriously difficult branch of service . However , their enlistment was exceptional largely because almost no celebrity in their right mind would choose to suffer more when they could spend their year and ten months acting in plays and performing to “ boost troop morale ” ( which , let 's be real — is a performance by some dude really going to do as much for the grand majority of the soldiers as would a performance from , say , KARA ? ) .
Which makes it completely baffling , at least to this writer , that soldiers whose jobs are already so unbelievably cushy wind up getting themselves into hot water with the South Korean public by breaking rules — or at least appearing to , which is enough to stir the pot and create media speculation that inevitably devolves into hysterical mudslinging . The latest culprit ? None other than the ninja assassin himself , Rain , who is currently under fire for abusing certain privileges extended to them as a celebrity .
Rain enlisted ( after delaying until pretty much the eleventh hour ) on October 11 , 2011 . Though they originally intended to serve as an active duty soldier , they were tapped in February to become an entertainment soldier , a role that carries with it a number of perks . Most obviously , designation as an entertainment soldier would exempt Rain from doing pretty much anything related to combat or defense maneuvers , but entertainment soldiers ( and any soldiers that are members of the Defense Media Agency of the Ministry of National Defense ) also have a unique set of privileges that allow them more time off base than other soldiers receive . Given that their duties in promoting the military all across the country may take them far from the base in Yongsan ( which is located in Seoul ) , overnight stays off-base are permitted , and many celebrities do indeed spend a good deal of time involved in activities away from base . However , Rain is under fire for potentially abusing this privilege , and the numbers do n't look spectacular . In 300 days as a member of the Defense Media Agency , Rain took 71 vacation days : 44 official overnight stays , 17 stand-down days , and 10 unofficial overnight stays . While serving as an active duty soldier , they took 25 vacation days , bringing their grand total up to 94 days away from base . If one were to average it out , they essentially took a vacation every 4.22 days .
As mentioned ( and in Rain 's defense ) , it is n't totally abnormal for celebrity soldiers to be out and about , but a closer look at the numbers sinks Rain 's case a bit : out of their 44 official overnight stays , 25 were in Seoul — and though it has been pointed out that they were using these days to practice choreography and record music , it has also been stated that they were unaccompanied by superiors on many of these outings and often failed to return to base when they were supposed to . The defense offered here is that studio use is expensive during the day , but I do n't buy this for a second ; surely the Ministry of Defense has enough cash to book a studio during business hours . All in all , Rain 's goings-about in Seoul have prompted enough suspicion for the Ministry of Defense to launch an investigation .
Complicating matters is the recent revelation that Rain is dating drama megastar Kim Tae-hee . Given that a large chunk of Rain 's official overnight stays off-base took place in Seoul , this has led to speculation that Rain abused their privileges in order to hang out with their ladyfriend — a particularly egregious offense , due principally to the fact that lots of young men in the military left behind girlfriends that they can only see a few times a year ( and given that soldiers are not permitted to have their own cellphone on base , communication with loved ones is n't exactly simple ) . To make matters even worse , they were photographed off base without their hat — and though this may seem like a trivial matter , as a public figure who is supposed to be promoting the military as a member of the PR squad , it does n't look good . Nor does it do them any favors as the South Korean public grows increasingly heated over their perceived indiscretions . Currently , it is being reported that a few online commenters have even suggested that they be made to repeat their military service as did Psy , who was similarly accused of using celebrity privilege to breeze through their military service .
As I mentioned in an earlier article about MC Mong , military service is simply not something to be screwed around with in South Korea — and for celebrities who do not toe the line , the public can be pretty unforgiving . Criticism of Rain 's actions is not necessarily the product of an unreasonable lynch mob — quite frankly , complaints that celebrities are getting off pretty easy in the military are legitimate . It is n't totally impossible to understand why South Korea would invest in a large PR arm of the military ; compulsory military service increasingly does not sit well with millions of young men who did not live through the horrors of the Korean War , have little to no connection or experience with North Korea , and who do not necessarily dream of reunification . Despite the rhetoric surrounding the military , enlistment is often regarded as a necessity rather than a patriotic act , something that all able-bodied males just have to put up with for two years of their prime . Making military service look appealing — and motivating soldiers to see their service as meaningful and for the good of the country — is no doubt critical . However , the PR squad is not an actor 's guild ; its members are still soldiers . There is no good reason why they should not be held to the same rules and restrictions as are other soldiers , and certainly no good reason why celebrities who find themselves in this branch of the service should make matters worse for themselves by giving anyone any reason to point the finger . Everyone knows that celebrities in the military do almost none of the tasks that make life in the military miserable for regular soldiers ; why call more attention to this undeniable fact ? In this regard , Rain 's actions have been foolish — and this remains true whether they are found guilty of any sort of violation or not .
Regardless of what becomes of Rain , things do n't look good for the rest of South Korea 's celebrity soldiers . The Ministry of Defense will almost certainly have to answer to an increasing number of citizens who are calling for a reduction in the amount of time that they are allowed off-base . Less coddling and more equitable treatment of celebrities in the military is something that probably ought to have been addressed a long time ago , but thanks to Rain , it looks as though it will get its due quite soon . Rain may be a beloved public figure , and they and other celebrities may be well-known , admired , and talented people , but gods they are not . Unfairly rewarding celebrities for being celebrities in an institution that is supposed to promote respect for the well-being of the unit above the individual is absurd . Celebrities often complain that they want to be able to live like an ordinary person — and if this is true , then they should learn that sometimes , being an ordinary person requires doing things that you do n't want to do — like joining the millions of other young men who are sacrificing some of their best years for their country , for example .
Readers , have your say . What do you think about Rain 's scandal ?
( South China Morning Post , The Wall Street Journal , Naver , Nate , ABC )
One in 12 properties bought in the UK is partly funded by a gift from a buyer 's friend or family member , a study has found .
Conveyancer My Home Move said that of 1.125m house purchases over the past year , 90,900 involved a deposit that had been given to the buyer by someone else .
This is an increase of 29.6pc from a year earlier , while general purchases have increased by just 3.6pc .
It also found that 17pc of first-time buyers relied on a gift from family or friends to buy a property .
Insurer Legal & General estimates that 'The Bank of Mum and Dad ' has lent £5.3bn to buyers this year , making it the UK 's tenth largest lender .
Doug Crawford , chief executive of My Home Move , said : `` With property prices racing ahead of earnings , we 're expecting to see the gifted deposit rate surpass the 10pc mark soon .
`` However , a large-scale reliance among first-time buyers on gifted deposits is unsustainable , so it is important that those without the luxury of a gift from family and friends can get on the ladder , if the market is to work for everyone . ''
Parents and grandparents have been encouraged to give away their money to millennial relatives who are struggling to buy , as earnings stagnate and house prices increase .
Over-55s in England now have £1.5 trillion of property wealth , according to research released in October .
The figures suggest that help from family and friends has been used more often than the Government 's Help to Buy Isa scheme this year .
Reader Service : Considering equity release to help a first-time buyer ? Find out more
While more than half a million of the Isa accounts have been opened , Government figures released this week show that the bonuses have been used for 38,595 transactions and in total have been worth around £2m .
Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin confirmed that tight end Ladarius Green was in the NFL 's concussion protocol after Week 15 . Green has n't played since . It is unclear when they will be able to return .
Continue for updates .
Green Out vs. Patriots
Sunday , Jan. 22
The Steelers announced Green will not play against the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship on Sunday .
Latest on Green 's Practice Status
Friday , Jan. 20
The Steelers announced that Green was limited in practice on Friday .
Concussion Issues Have Hampered Green
Green has a history of concussions , as they suffered two during an 11-day span in September 2015 . The 26-year-old opened training camp on the physically unable to perform list after undergoing offseason ankle surgery . They also suffered from recurring headaches in August .
That was hardly the most encouraging start for the dynamic tight end after they signed a four-year , $ 20 million deal with the Steelers in the spring , but they rehabilitated and eventually returned to the gridiron in Week 10 against the Dallas Cowboys and started to establish chemistry with quarterback Ben Roethlisberger .
A year after posting career highs of 37 catches for 429 yards and four touchdowns as a complement to Antonio Gates , Green hauled in 18 passes for 304 yards and one score through six games in the regular season . They mostly worked as a supplementary option behind Le'Veon Bell , Antonio Brown , Sammie Coates and Eli Rogers .
Tight end Jesse James has been thrust into a more significant role with Green on the shelf . James has generally been used as a blocking and red-zone specialist , but they have solid hands and is capable of filling in for Green at a mammoth 6 ' 7 '' and 261 pounds .
The faith-based film industry has both grown and matured over the last several years as filmmakers and investors see enthusiasm from audiences for these offerings . The new film The Case for Christ , based on the real-life conversion story of former Pulitzer-nominated journalist Lee Strobel and taken from their 1998 book of the same title , provides further evidence of this maturation .
In fact , the pursuit of evidence forms the core of the film 's narrative . In 1980 , Lee Strobel ( Mike Vogel ) finds their marriage and professional life turned upside-down when their wife Leslie ( Erika Christiansen ) converts from their shared atheism to Christianity . Convinced that their wife has been brainwashed by a cult — being just a couple of years removed from the Jonestown massacre — Strobel decides to apply their journalistic expertise to debunk the central core of the Christian faith : the resurrection of Jesus Christ . Can Strobel find an evidence-based argument to refute Christianity , or will they be forced to face their own biases and assumptions ?
Given that this is explicitly a conversion story ( and that Strobel 's book sold 14 million copies over the last two decades ) , that outcome is n't exactly a mystery , but the film is n't intended to be a mystery anyway . At its core , The Case for Christ is a love story on multiple levels rather than an exposition about evidentiary support for the Resurrection . The love Lee and Leslie have for each other becomes redemptive , but so too the terribly strained relationship that Lee has with their father , and that Lee also has with The Father .
The Case for Christ models a familiar tension for believers between faith and reason . People come to Christianity through both paths and generally find ways to accommodate both . Leslie 's conversion comes through an emotional tie to faith , but Lee clings to their vision of reason . That dichotomy plays out in their interactions , depicted realistically and very believably between Vogel and Christiansen on screen . For most of us , who struggle to blend the two , we will recognize ourselves in Lee and Leslie .
What sets this film apart from some others in this genre is the careful manner in which it depicts various characters and their own relation to faith . Lee 's atheistic friend provides them emotional support and comes across quite sympathetically , rather than someone to boo as might have been the case in less subtle hands . The religion editor who challenges Lee to see the truth is as sympathetic but loses their temper in frustration over Lee 's abrasive behavior . Two sources for their evidentiary trail are at the very least agnostic , but portrayed as sympathetically as the Catholic priest who helps Lee start their investigation . The closest the film comes to a bad guy is Lee himself , as they struggle with their wife 's faith as almost a form of infidelity and lashes out at their new friends .
The production values match those of higher-level independent films . The casting of Vogel and Christiansen is especially successful , as they present a very realistic depiction of a young married couple in serious trouble . Faye Dunaway and Frankie Faison have smaller but notable roles , and the ever-estimable Robert Forster portrays Lee 's estranged father . Eight is Enough 's Grant Goodeve has a cameo , but veteran character actor Mike Pniewski 's turn as the Chicago Tribune 's religion editor might be the most memorable outside of the featured cast . The direction and cinematography are straightforward and not at all overdone , with no “ shaky cam ” usage to generate a false sense of style . The film does an excellent job of recalling the 1980-81 period without making the mistake of falling back into kitsch , opting instead for a look as realistic and nuanced as the film itself .
It all adds up to a compelling and very human story about love , redemption , faith , reason , and finding peace with all of them . With the emergence of Risen and The Case for Christ , the faith-based segment of the film market has come into its own . On the Hot Air scale , I 'd give it a five :
5 – Full price ticket
4 – Matinee only
3 – Wait for Blu-Ray/DVD/PPV rental or purchase
2 – Watch it when it hits Netflix/cable
1 – Avoid at all costs
The Case for Christ is rated PG , in part because of “ medical descriptions of crucifixion , ” and also because it depicts people smoking in 1980-81 . There is little in this film to worry parents , even of young children , except perhaps for realistic depictions of marital strife — but for young children , most of this film will go over their heads anyway . Unless parents of preteens really ca n't find a babysitter , do n't bother bringing them to the theater .
Earlier this week , I had the opportunity to interview screenwriter and co-producer Brian Bird . If you missed it , you can see it here ( begins roughly at the 40-minute mark ) :
MOSCOW/CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela won easier debt terms from Russia and got a vote of confidence from China on Wednesday , as the oil-rich country said it had started making interest payments on bonds after a delay that had threatened to trigger a default .
A debt restructuring deal with Russia that allows Caracas to make “ minimal ” payments to Moscow in the next six years , together with a separate statement from the Chinese Foreign Ministry that Venezuela was capable of handing the debt issue “ appropriately , ” underlined the reserve of support its socialist government enjoys from both countries .
Venezuela has borrowed billions of dollars from Russia and China over the years , primarily through oil-for-loan deals that have crimped the country 's hard currency revenue by requiring oil shipments to be used to service those loans .
If backed by more debt forgiveness like that offered by Russia on Wednesday , the two countries could provide a lifeline to Venezuela as it seeks to keep its deeply depressed economy solvent , even as U.S. and European sanctions target the government of President Nicolas Maduro .
Critics led by the United States have slammed Maduro as a dictator and assailed them for clamping down on the country 's opposition , jailing dissenters and nullifying the powers of its democratically-elected National Assembly .
Venezuelan bond prices have been on a roller-coaster over the past 10 days , as Maduro called investors to debt restructuring talks , while pledging to keep honoring the country 's obligations . But S & P Global Ratings declared it in selective default on two of its sovereign bonds early this week after it failed to make the coupons within a 30-day grace period .
On Wednesday , the Economy Ministry said it had started transferring $ 200 million in interest payments on those bonds , which mature in 2019 and 2024 .
SPARSELY ATTENDED
The 2019 bonds edged up 0.25 points or about 1 percent , while the 2024 bonds surged 2.25 points , or almost 10 percent , according to Thomson Reuters Eikon data .
“ Our government keeps complying with its obligations and re-affirms the call to re-negotiate Venezuela 's foreign debt , ” the ministry said .
Separately , state oil company PDVSA [ PDVSA.UL ] said it had made interest payments on its 2027 bond and had “ successfully completed ” capital payments on its 2020 and 2017N bonds .
Derivatives industry group ISDA will hold a hearing on Thursday to discuss whether Venezuela and PDVSA have entered default due to the late payments , an ISDA spokesperson said in an email .
Maduro 's government has vowed to keep making payments responsibly . Creditors who attended a sparsely attended meeting on Monday in Caracas intended to kick off the debt restructuring talks said the government negotiators had offered no concrete proposals , however .
Under the deal with Russia announced earlier on Wednesday , Venezuela will pay it back a total of $ 3.15 billion over a 10-year period .
The Russian Finance Ministry said the agreement should free up more funds to allow Venezuela to develop its economy and “ will improve the debtor 's payment ability , increasing the chances of all creditors getting their loans back . ”
The ministry did not mention PDVSA debt to Rosneft , last estimated by the Russian oil company at $ 6 billion .
Asked whether PDVSA debt was part of Wednesday 's deal , Venezuelan Economy and Finance Minister Simon Zerpa told a briefing in Moscow that no corporate debt was included .
Money and betting account books are pictured on a bookmaker 's desk in La Rinconada Hippodrome in Caracas , Venezuela , September 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Venezuela has not requested any help from Russia beyond the agreed deal , a Kremlin spokesperson told reporters .
While China did not offer any debt relief , the Foreign Ministry 's statement that China 's cooperation with Venezuela in all areas was “ proceeding normally ” amounted to a vote of confidence from a country owed $ 23 billion by the OPEC member .
Venezuela and PDVSA have around $ 60 billion in outstanding bonds , according to Thomson Reuters data , while private estimates put total foreign debt between $ 120 billion and $ 140 billion .
by
car2go , the largest flexible one-way carsharing service in North America , announced this week plans to offer Mercedes-Benz vehicles in Austin and other cities .
The company , which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Daimler North America Corp , the parent company of Mercedes-Benz , announced that the majority of its 5,500 car fleet in North America will be comprised of Mercedes-Benz vehicles by the end of the year . The new fleet consists of car2go 's 2017 Mercedes-Benz CLA , a 4-door coupe and car2go 's 2017 Mercedes-Benz GLA , a sporty 5-door small SUV with added cargo capacity .
“ At Mercedes-Benz we see the four key pillars for future mobility as connectivity , autonomous driving , carsharing , and electrification , ” Dieter Zetsche , CEO of Daimler AG and Head of Mercedes-Benz Cars , said in a news release . “ Today we take another step toward that future by adding the new Mercedes-Benz CLA and GLA to car2go 's North American fleet . car2go is already the most popular carsharing service in the world . Now it will be even more attractive to small groups of friends and families who want to conveniently travel around cities in style , safety , and comfort . ”
car2go , which began with a pilot in Ulm , Germany in 2008 , has since become the largest one-way carsharing company in the world with more than 2.2 million members sharing cars on three continents . In 2016 , the company saw a 43 percent increase in members .
In addition to Austin , car2go members in Portland , Oregon , Seattle , and the Washington , D.C. area are the first to get the new Mercedes-Benze car2gos . Members in Toronto and Vancouver will get them in February .
An MC-12W Liberty takes off at Bagram Air Field , Afghanistan , Jan. 27 , 2014 . ( U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Kayla Newman/Released )
An advanced U.S. Army reconnaissance aircraft crash-landed in a field outside of Irbil in Iraqi Kurdistan on Saturday morning .
A statement from the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq confirmed the crash as an “ off-airport emergency landing in a field northwest of Irbil. ” None of the four passengers were injured , and the aircraft has been secured by U.S. and Kurdish forces . According to the statement , “ the cause of the crash is under investigation but initial reports rule out the prospect of hostile action . ”
Footage taken at the scene showed little damage to the twin-engine Beechcraft King Air , as it appears to have slid on its fuselage , warping the propellers and snapping one of the wings . Local reports from the Kurdish news organization Rudaw said the aircraft crashed near the town of Kawrgosk — roughly six miles from Irbil 's international airport . According to Rudaw , the crash site was secured by U.S. military personnel , and the passengers were evacuated by helicopter . Pictures posted to social media show the downed aircraft surrounded by what appears to be well-armed special operations forces .
Coalition passenger jet crash lands near # Erbil pic.twitter.com/RDgAoyBycv — Rudaw English ( @ RudawEnglish ) March 5 , 2016
The same images show that the aircraft has the tail number N6351V . According to an online FAA registry , the number is registered to the U.S. Army . Users on Twitter also traced the tail number to a document posted online showing that the tail number , and subsequently the aircraft , is based out of Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah , Ga. , and is outfitted with the Enhanced Medium Altitude Reconnaissance and Surveillance System , or EMARSS .
The Army flies a small fleet of fixed-wing aircraft that is broken down into three categories : Special Electronic Mission Aircraft , or SEMA , transport aircraft and mission support aircraft . EMARSS-equipped aircraft fall under SEMA .
First tested in 2013 , the Army began widely outfitting the Beechcraft prop planes–known by their military designation as MC-12s–with the EMARSS in 2015 , according to a report from IHS Janes . The four-person crew is comprised of the pilot , mission commander , sensor operator and a systems operator . While there are different variants of the EMARSS , including one specifically designed for countering improvised roadside bombs , the system 's primary role is to rapidly track and identify ground targets regardless of weather condition and time of day . The aircraft can also gather signals intelligence .
From the Janes report :
The EMARSS system consists of a King Air 350ER aircraft equipped with an electro-optic/infra-red ( EO/IR ) sensor , communications intelligence collection system , an aerial precision geolocation system , line-of-site tactical and beyond line-of-site communications suites , two Distributed Common Ground System-Army ( DCGS-A ) workstations and a self-protection suite .
It is unclear what the EMARSS-equipped aircraft was doing before the crash . However , northern Iraq is littered with U.S. special operation units , including the Expeditionary Targeting Force , an elite commando unit dispatched to the region to capture and kill Islamic State fighters . While unable to stay in the air as long as drones , manned surveillance aircraft like the MC-12 are integral for missions , such as special operations raids , that require rapid intelligence gathering .
H/T Abraxas Spa , The Aviationist , Harry Boone , Joseph Trevithick
One patch ago when you pressed tab , this is what you saw in the game :
It sucks not having a scoreboard . Traditionally , a scoreboard gave you a good overview of who 's on the server , and how well they were doing . This basic template carried over from the days of Quake where it was important for you to see your ping , your win / loss ratio , and gave you a sense of how you were doing . It 's also a place to be noticed , especially if you are dominating the server .
The reason it took us so long to implement a legit scoreboard was because we generally like to measure twice , cut once . As soon as we pass the design off to Biohazard , he 'll crank it out into something game-playable , and it would really suck to have to go back and change a whole bunch of things . In this situation it 's better to deliver a solid , well thought out design first before we even touch implementation .
In designing a scoreboard for Blade Symphony I had many considerations .
You need to see your ping , and other people 's ping . This was arguably the most important in an online fighting game .
You should be able to see your place in the arena queue , in order to know if your turn for duel is coming up . And since we had three arenas per map… The scoreboard really needs to be split into three scoreboards .
You should be able to see spectators . The use-case being that if you were to find your friend on the server , and they did n't also show up , it would be really confusing for the both of you .
It * could * act as a UI for selecting arenas , since we do n't currently have something that explicitly lets you see all arenas at once . If we split the scoreboard up per arena , we can actually do this , making the scoreboard act as a kind of lobby .
It needs to be designed for 16:9 but also fit in 4:3 aspect ratio .
These conclusions were drawn from the various brainstorms and mockups the team threw together , which I 'll walk through .
My very first version of the layout looked something like this . Keep in mind this was simply a sketch to show what pieces of data needed to be displayed , and how it was to be laid out , not the actual look and feel of the final piece .
This was the super dead simple layout , it showed who was fighting in which arenas , their wins losses and ping , and highlighted you as a player ( in this case Laguana ) , and dog-piled all the spectators at the bottom .
There were plenty of problems with this . For instance you would n't be able to see who was queued in which arena , and poorly uses screen width .
Fedio pitched this idea for a layout that served as a lobby system which expands on this idea of splitting up arenas for a user interface . In this design you can select whether to spectate or join the arena , and see the queue for each arena . While this design was n't intended to serve as a scoreboard itself and acts as a lobby , the final scoreboard design draws heavily from this .
Termi pitched this one which was very similar to what you 'd expect from a traditional scoreboard . You see the players participating in each arena and the relevant information tabulated . This design also brought up the discussion of showing server-wide info , such as map name , message of the day for server operators , map time left , and total player count .
Termi also pitched this design for a lobby to easily allow you to see who was fighting where , and how long the wait might be before you get to play again . Like Fedio 's design , it also adds a very clear “ GO HERE ” button , perhaps context sensitive to whether you want to queue or spectate that particular arena .
Twincannon pitched this one which I ended up deciding to borrow the layout from . I like how you can see a preview of the arena at the top to get an idea of what “ Arena 1″ is . The use of space is also much better , since splitting the scoreboard up into columns like Fedio 's lobby mockup allowed us a lot more vertical space for adding players and player data .
The final mockup looks like this :
This design synthesizes the advantages of having a lobby screen without actually having a lobby screen . Here we can activate the user 's mouse when tab is held and allow the buttons at the top to be clickable . The top two players of each arena are shown in color since they are dueling and the text color uses their custom character color they picked from the customization screen .
In addition we narrowed down exactly what data we wanted to display , and in what order .
Rank seems really important , you want to know at a glance how good this opponent is , and wins/loss on a server is n't necessarily going to do that .
We thought about how important wins-losses were in our game and in a server session they were n't really . What we actually want is a ‘ metric ' of determining how fun a player would be to play with , and this had to be peer-driven . What better time to copy Reddit 's upvote system ? Each player is thus treated as a “ thread ” on reddit , and you can only upvote ( or downvote ) another player once . This system is still in the works and not ready to go yet , but I wanted to give this a mention to give you a better understanding of our thought process .
Finally , the win-loss ratio is displayed as a short hand in a single column and the ping on the far right .
I 've also made the decision to place the data underneath each players ' name as a countermeasure for players possibly having insanely long names which could happen and screw up our scoreboard layout .
The spectators would be dogpiled at the end of each arena 's own scoreboard . One problem with this is that you would n't be able to see your own ping if you were in spectator . I argued that this was fine so long as we provided another UI somewhere else that gave you such information , such as your own load-out and your ping . At least it would prevent the scoreboard HUD from being overly lengthy .
Finally , there were concerns about maps with greater than three arenas . Officially we 'll only support three , but it 's definitely possible for someone to build a map with four or more . In this scenario we would have to provide some kind of horizontal or vertical scrollbar for managing this .
Biohazard also did a killer job on the implementation . Originally I had only spec 'd this for image thumbnails . They went ahead and added picture-in-picture live feeds of each arena . Hats off ! !
I hope you enjoyed this article , if you want to play Blade Symphony find out more here .
Producer Scott Rudin announced today that the legendary two-time Tony Award-winning Bernadette Peters , capping a 60-years-long career of triumph after triumph as `` the most accomplished musical comedy star of their generation '' ( The Washington Post ) , will take on the title role in the most successful and beloved Broadway production of the year : Hello , Dolly !
As reported earlier today , Peters is set to star opposite Victor Garber as Horace Vandergelder .
Ms. Peters will begin performances Saturday evening , January 20 , 2018 , prior to a Thursday , February 22 opening night . A new block of tickets goes on sale , via Telecharge.com and Shubert Theatre box office , Saturday , September 9 , at 10:00 A.M. ( ET ) .
Bette Midler , who received universal raves and every Broadway acting honor for their performance as Dolly Gallagher Levi in Hello , Dolly ! , including the Tony for Best Actress in a Musical , will play their final performance on Sunday , January 14 .
In a statement , Ms. Peters said , `` I 'm absolutely thrilled to continue in the tradition of the incomparable Bette Midler , Carol Channing , and all of the other wonderful actores who have played Dolly Levi , and I look forward to joining this wonderful company at the Shubert . ''
Ms. Midler said , `` I can not imagine leaving Dolly Levi in better hands than those of Bernadette Peters . They have created more historic roles in more legendary musicals than any living Broadway star , and most of the dead ones , too . I can not wait to see them in the show from my very expensive premium seat in Row G which I know I will have to pay for . They are joining the greatest group of people I have ever worked with , and when my run in this amazing show - and in this amazing part - is over , I will miss all of them more than I can express . I know they will take care of them the way they have taken care of me - with the heart and generosity they have shown me since day one of rehearsal . ''
Ms. Peters has been heralded by The Washington Post as `` a theater goddess . '' Frank Rich , in The New York Times , proclaimed , `` She has no peer in the musical theater . '' Scott Simon of National Public Radio says , `` she has stopped more shows on Broadway than the stagehands ' union . '' They have been honored with two Tony Awards , three Drama Desk Awards , an Outer Critics Circle Award , and the Drama League Award .
This production of Michael Stewart and Jerry Herman 's Hello , Dolly ! instantly became the most coveted ticket of the year when it broke the record for best first day of ticket sales in Broadway history . By the time it began previews , it had the largest pre-­­performance advance sale in Broadway history . In addition to the Tony for Ms. Midler , it won three additional Tonys , including Best Revival of a Musical , Best Featured Actor in a Musical ( Gavin Creel ) , and Best Costume Design of a Musical ( Santo Loquasto ) , and has continued to break the Shubert Theatre house record over and over and over and over again .
Directed by four-time Tony Award winner Jerry Zaks and choreographed by Tony Award winner Warren Carlyle , Hello , Dolly ! began performances on Broadway on March 15 , 2017 , and officially opened on Thursday , April 20 , 2017 .
This Hello , Dolly ! , the first new production of the classic musical ( based on Thornton Wilder 's The Matchmaker ) to appear on Broadway since it opened more than fifty years ago , pays tribute to the work of its original director/ choreographer Gower Champion , which has been hailed both then and now as one of the greatest stagings in musical theater history .
Bernadette Peters ( Dolly Gallagher Levi ) is one of Broadway 's most critically acclaimed and well-loved stars , having won two Tony Awards , a Golden Globe Award , four Grammy Award nominations , and three Emmy Award nominations . They received their first Tony in 1986 for Andrew Lloyd Webber 's Song and Dance , and their second for the 1999 revival of Annie Get Your Gun . In 2012 , they received the Isabelle Stevenson Tony Award , in recognition of their years of service to charitable organizations . Ms. Peters made their stage debut at the age of nine , and first came to the attention of New York theatergoers with their back to back acclaimed performances in both Dames at Sea ( Drama Desk ) and George M ! ( Theater World Award ) . They gave landmark performances in two historic Stephen Sondheim musicals : the Pulitzer Prize-winning Sunday in the Park with George , for which they received Tony and Drama Desk nominations , and Into the Woods , for which they received a Drama Desk nomination . On Broadway , they originated the title role in Jerry Herman 's Mack and Mabel ( Tony and Drama Desk nominations ) , and also starred in On the Town ( Tony nomination ) , The Goodbye Girl ( Tony nomination ) , Sam Mendes 's revival of Gypsy ( Tony and Drama Desk nominations ) , A Little Night Music , and Follies ( Drama Desk nomination ) . While best known for their work in the theater , Ms. Peters stars on television in `` Mozart in the Jungle '' and `` The Good Fight , '' with notable guest appearances on `` Smash , '' `` Grey 's Anatomy , '' and `` Ugly Betty . '' Them film credits include Pennies from Heaven ( Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy ) , The Jerk , The Longest Yard , Silent Movie ( Golden Globe nomination ) , Annie , Pink Cadillac , Slaves of New York , Alice , Impromptu , It Runs in the Family , and Coming Up Roses . Them solo albums I 'll Be Your Baby Tonight ( 1997 ) ; Sondheim , Etc . : Bernadette Peters Live at Carnegie Hall ( 1998 ) ; and Bernadette Peters Loves Rodgers & Hammerstein ( 2003 ) have all been nominated for Grammys . They have also been featured on numerous Original Broadway Cast recordings and received their fourth Grammy nomination in 2002 for Follies . Ms. Peters devotes their time and talent to numerous events that benefit Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS . In addition , together with Mary Tyler Moore , Ms. Peters co-founded Broadway Barks , an annual pet adoption event that benefits shelter animals throughout the New York City area . The proceeds of their three New York Times best-selling children 's books , Broadway Barks , Stella is a Star , and Stella and Charlie : Friends Forever all benefit Broadway Barks . Ms. Peters resides in New York with their rescue dogs Charlie and Rosalia .
Photo Credit : Walter McBride
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R-Va. ) sought on Sunday to quickly and clearly distance the Republican Party from a GOP candidate whose past participation in Nazi re-enactments surfaced this weekend .
In an appearance on `` Fox News Sunday , '' Cantor ( the lone Jewish Republican in the House ) said they `` would absolutely repudiate '' Rich Iott , the Republican nominee for Ohio 's 9th District who apparently had an affinity for donning a German Waffen SS uniform .
`` What we have got now is a new crop of young leaders energized to go to Washington for the right reasons , '' said Cantor . `` Now Debbie [ Wasserman Schultz , Cantor 's co-panelist ] went and launched into their attacks as to some of the reports about candidates that are running , particular the one in Ohio having to do with Nazi re-enactment . They know that I would absolutely repudiate that and do not support an individual who would do something like that . ''
At this point Wasserman Schultz urged Cantor to actually articulate their repudiation . `` I 'm doing it right here , '' they replied . `` I 'm doing it right here Debbie . You know good well that I do n't support anything like that . ''
Iott 's past involvement in Nazi re-enactments , first reported by The Atlantic , may well constitute the largest discomfiture for the Republican Party in a cycle in which a number of candidates have done or said discomforting things . The Ohio Republican has defended themselves by insisting their participation in the events was done for `` purely historical interest in World War II . '' But the defense has done little to assuage GOP leadership . Once listed on the Republican Party 's site of `` Contenders '' ( a ranking/prioritization of candidates that was just below the `` Young Guns '' ) , Iott 's name was removed altogether once the photos of them surfaced .
Welcom to the Sans x Papyrus Fanclub !
Rules :
This box is mainly made for all the people who visit this group but do not ship the pairing .
We totally understand that you dislike this pair , even that you dislike incest . But does that really mean you have to put hate on this pair or hate on the shippers ? Heck , some of us really dislike some of the popular Undertale ships , but that does n't mean we will start bashing on YOUR art or YOUR groups or even worse YOU .
First of all , hate the SHIP not the SHIPPER . They might have a very good reason for adoring this pairing and because they ship Incest , does n't mean they think Incest is okay in real life !
Maybe they ship them in an Alternative Universe in which they 're NOT brothers ( like I , myself do ) .
Secondly , do n't tell us we ca n't ship it or try to let us stop shipping it because we wo n't !
If you try to shove another ship into our throats we will most likely just end up , disliking that ship even more instead of shipping it . We do not mind influance , but shoving it down our throats is just simply disrespectful ( also to the people who ship that pair and ARE polite ) .
You can not tell someone what and what not to ship . Shipping goes somewhat automatically .
Do n't tell us what to do . And also do n't tell us 'But everyone dislikes this pair . ' or 'This is wrong to ship . ' or 'You can not ship this . '
Yes , we CAN ship this .
Not EVERYONE dislikes this pair .
And it is NOT wrong as long as we do not shove this pair down other people 's throats either . Ship and let ship . Why waste your time when you can spend it , looking at the pics of the pair you love ? Or the things you love ?
The pair is disgusting ? No , not to us , it 's disgusting in your eyes . Which we can understand and respect . But please , do n't bash us about it . Is n't this why so many people leave fandoms ? Or get sad ? Or start to hate certain fandoms ?
This is one of the reasons why fandoms wars start . Why people begin to dislike things , etc .
I heard tons of people say : They just ship it because they want yaoi to happen .
No we ship them because we love them together and their relationship . Either platonic or romantic ( I for example ship them in an AU in which they 're not brothers ... I am not a huge fan of the pair in the canon universe as I do not like incest that much , but I do NOT mind other people shipping them as incest ) .
Or : Why chose to ship these two when there are tons of other guys to ship them with ?
Like I said before , because we love them together , think they go wel together , etc !
Please , by all means , read this journal as well : jackxangelicaforever.deviantar…
If you want to leave a comment , please be polite . We all want to have fun .
The amount of respect you give , is the amount of respect we give back .
The Rise Of Women : `` 41 % Of Harvard Computer Scence Majors Are Women '' ( Infographic )
In historically male-dominated fields , women are rising to the challenge .
By Angie Chang ( Co-Founder & Editor-in-Chief , Women 2.0 )
This week , we celebrate the rise of women – “ Of the computer science majors graduating in 2013 from Harvard , women make up 41 % . And although only 25 % of science , tech , engineering and math ( STEM ) jobs are currently held by women , the numbers are beginning to shift . Between January of 2011 and 2012 , the number of women in the IT field jumped by more than 28 % , ” boasts MBA Online .
In historically male-dominated fields , women are rising to the challenge .
See the full infographic below :
Women 2.0 readers : What 's your * favorite * part of the women in tech infographic by MBA Online ? Let us know in the comments !
About the writer : Angie Chang is Editor-in-Chief and Co-Founder of Women 2.0 , a media company offering content , community and conferences for aspiring and current women innovators in technology . Our mission is to increase the number of female founders of technology startups . Previously , Angie held roles in product management and web UI design . Angie holds a B.A . in English and Social Welfare from UC Berkeley . Follow them on Twitter at @ thisgirlangie .
Buzz Lightyear uses a toy to plan a daring rescue of their pal Woody in Disney/Pixar 's new computer animated comedy adventure film `` Toy Story 2 . '' REUTERS/HO Old
LAS VEGAS ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Walt Disney Studios will release Pixar Animation Studios ' “ Toy Story ” and “ Toy Story 2 ” as a digital 3-D double feature for a two-week engagement starting October 2 .
On Tuesday at ShoWest , the film exhibition industry 's conference , the studio also presented a preview of “ Up ” — which looks poised to be another big hit for Pixar on the heels of its Oscar for “ WALL-E ” — and an enthusiastically received new 3-D conversion of 1991 classic “ Beauty and the Beast , ” the only animated feature to receive an Academy Award nomination for best picture .
The 3-D “ Toy Story ” double feature will include an extra-dimensional trailer for the new “ Toy Story 3 , ” which opens June 18 , 2010 . The 1995 “ Toy Story ” — the first computer-animated feature — and its 1999 sequel have been remastered for the format .
Opening May 29 , “ Up ” is Pixar 's 10th animated feature and the first to be released in 3-D. Director Pete Docter introduced a 47-minute preview of the film , which features elderly Carl Fredricksen , voiced by Ed Asner , who ties thousands of helium balloons to their house in order to lift it into the air and journey to South America for retirement . What they do n't anticipate is that a young Wilderness Explorer named Russell ends up on the trip .
During the presentation , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Group president Mark Zoradi revealed that Tim Burton 's “ Alice in Wonderland , ” starring Johnny Depp and Anne Hathaway , will be released in Imax 3-D , as well as standard digital 3-D , when it opens in March 2010 . It 's the third film from a previously announced five-picture deal between Disney and Imax .
Burton 's retelling of the Disney classic will combine motion capture , live action and animation .
As has been widely reported , the economic crisis has stalled the exhibition industry 's transition to digital cinema , which enables 3-D screenings . But Zoradi said that scenario has not altered their company 's plans to produce movies in the format .
“ We are nearly at a critical mass , ” they said . “ We hope we soon will be able to have a 3-D-only ( wide ) release . ”
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said Sunday that rival Hillary Clinton is attacking them on guns because they are `` nervous '' and `` panicky , '' according to the Des Moines Register .
Sanders was speaking to voters in Iowa where a new poll out Sunday showed them in a virtual tie with Clinton . The NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist survey showed that among likely Iowa Democratic caucus-goers , Clinton edges out the Vermont senator by just three points , 48 percent to 45 percent -- a lead within the poll 's margin of error of 4.8 percentage points .
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders deadlocked in key states
Clinton attempted to brush off the bad numbers in an interview on CBS ' `` Face the Nation '' Sunday .
`` These polls go up , they go down . I stay pretty focused as I think we all should on what we have to do to build on the progress of the Obama administration but go even further , '' they said .
But Sanders is using the poll to undercut Clinton 's argument that they are the only candidate running for the Democratic nomination who will be electable at a national level and capable of beating the Republican candidate .
`` She is wrong . And the facts tell us they are wrong , '' Sanders said . `` It does n't sound to me like here in Iowa , a battleground state , that they are the most electable candidate . ''
Sanders also defended themselves against Clinton 's attacks on gun issues . They have been criticizing their vote in favor of 2005 law that absolved gun manufacturers of any legal liability when someone uses their products during the commission of a crime , a vote they have defended by pointing to the fact that they represent a state with a strong hunting tradition where as recently as 2010 over half of adults owned guns .
Hillary Clinton says rival Bernie Sanders is trying to `` avoid responsibility '' for gun vote
`` I think that the excuses and efforts by Senator Sanders to avoid responsibility for this vote , which the NRA hailed as the most important in 20 years , points up a clear difference , '' Clinton said in the `` Face the Nation '' interview .
Sanders said at their campaign rally Sunday that Clinton has n't always had the most pure record on guns , and noted that in 2008 , then-Sen. Barack Obama called them `` Annie Oakley '' after they voiced support for gun rights and reminisced about learning to shoot during family vacations in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
`` You remember that ? '' Sanders told the audience . `` She was criticizing them [ because ] they were too strong on guns . So I think we 've seen some vacillation there . ''
Updated 9:55 PM EST
DENVER - Police have moved into an encampment of Occupy Wall Street supporters and are arresting demonstrators who have ignored orders to leave .
The police action this evening comes just hours after a standoff between protesters and authorities near the steps of the Colorado Capitol erupted into a clash that resulted in a surge of demonstrators being met with police force that included reports of pepper spray and rubber bullets .
The situation downtown escalated when some supporters of the Occupy Wall Street movement marching in a group of about 2,000 tried to advance up the Capitol steps .
About eight officers scuffled with a group of protesters , according to The Denver Post , and police confirmed to the newspaper that they used pepper spray and either rubber bullets or pepper balls to break up the crowd .
Denver police spokesperson Matt Murray said protesters knocked an officer off their motorcycle and other officers were kicked by demonstrators .
Murray said seven protesters were arrested , including two for assault and one for disobedience . They said some demonstrators had received medical treatment on the scene , but no one had been taken to a hospital .
Mike Korzen , 25 , said they were among the protesters whom police dispersed with rubber bullets and pepper spray .
`` I was standing there with my hands behind my back , '' Korzen said , using a water bottle to wash pepper spray from their eyes .
Democratic Rep. Ed Perlmutter of the Denver suburbs visited the protest site Saturday afternoon to try to calm protesters .
After the clash several protesters moved across the street to a park where a small encampment has been established . A city street between the park and the Capitol was blocked by police cars and a Denver bus .
In other `` Occupy '' developments :
NASHVILLE : State troopers for the second straight night arrested anti-Wall Street protesters for defying a new nighttime curfew imposed by the Republican governor , in an effort to disband an encampment near the state Capitol in Nashville .
And also , for a second time , a Nashville night judge dismissed the arrest warrants .
The Tennessean newspaper reported early Saturday morning that Magistrate Tom Nelson told troopers delivering the protesters to jail that they could `` find no authority anywhere for anyone to authorize a curfew anywhere on Legislative Plaza . ''
Occupy Nashville protesters - including many of the 29 arrested in a pre-dawn raid on Friday - returned to the Legislative Plaza that evening and remained through the 10 p.m. curfew .
There was no noticeable law enforcement presence for nearly two hours after the curfew went into effect on Friday night , while adjacent theaters let out and patrons filtered back through the plaza to their cars without being challenged for violating the restrictions .
`` Nothing was done to them , they were not arrested , '' said protester Michael Custer , 46 . `` But we are arrested while we are expressing our constitutional right to free speech . ''
Once the theater traffic cleared , dozens of state troopers descended on the plaza and began arresting protesters and a journalist for the Nashville Scene , an alternative weekly newspaper .
Troopers arrested 26 people this time . All were charged with trespassing ; two were also charged with public intoxication ; and one was also charged with criminal impersonation , Department of Safety spokesperson Jennifer Donnals said . The judicial commissioner refused to issue warrants for any of the charges .
Officials said 72 troopers were involved in the curfew enforcement .
`` To see it from the other side is even more infuriating , '' said Chip Allen , one of the protesters arrested in the first raid . `` When you 're in it , it 's almost surreal . This takes on a whole 'nother flavor . ''
Protesters remaining at the scene vowed to return Saturday , even if it means more arrests .
The arrests came after a week of police crackdowns around the country on Occupy Wall Street activists , who have been protesting economic inequality and what they call corporate greed .
Occupy-ers : This is our `` Valley Forge moment ''
Protesters take `` hate mail '' to N.Y.C . banks
NEW YORK : Six weeks after the Occupy protest began , authorities are trying to turn up the heat , as Mother Nature turns on the cold . On Friday authorities took away gas cans and six power generators , calling them safety hazards .
Protester Marsha Spencer , a grandmother of five who 's worried about many issues , including how their grandchildren will pay for college , has a more immediate concern : Helping fellow Occupy Wall Street protesters stay warm . Spencer has knitted 40 hats , scarves , and sets of mittens and donated them to the Occupy comfort station . Mittens are the most asked-for . `` I 'm going to make as many as I can to help as many people as I can , '' they said . CBS
Protester Marsha Spencer ( left ) , a grandmother of five who 's worried about many issues , including how their grandchildren will pay for college , has a more immediate concern : Helping fellow Occupy-ers stay warm .
`` My feet are starting to get a little bit cold here , '' they told CBS News correspondent Elaine Quijano .
Spencer has knitted 40 hats , scarves , and sets of mittens and donated them to the Occupy comfort station . `` People are asking for the mittens - I make more than anything else right now . So I 'm going to make as many as I can to help as many people as I can , '' they said .
Others are gearing up by putting up tents and finding ways to shield themselves from the cold in Zuccotti Park .
Robert Ellis described the order of layering : `` Pallets first , then cardboard because it keeps you off the concrete , which is freezing , and then you put tarps over that , and then put your sleeping bag on that . ''
One refuge for cold protesters is an atrium on Wall Street itself - the irony is that it 's owned by a major investment bank . But because of a real estate deal with the city , the area is required to remain open to the public .
Protesters meet there to discuss everything from the wealth gap to the environment . But back at Zuccotti Park , Michigan-born Spencer prefers to brave the elements : `` There 's definitely a resolve and a dedication in the people I 've met here to keep this going until something is accomplished , '' they said .
Oakland , Calif. : Filmmaker Michael Moore told anti-Wall Street protesters that the Occupy movement - which has spread to cities across America and overseas - in inspiring millions who are angry about corporate excess , income inequality and the failure of politicians to address issues facing the majority of Americans .
`` We 've killed despair across the country and we 've killed apathy , '' they said .
The director of the documentary films `` Fahrenheit 9/11 '' and `` Bowling for Columbine '' said people throughout the U.S. were `` disgusted '' and `` horrified '' when police fired tear gas and bean bags and took other aggressive actions against protesters Tuesday night . Iraq war veteran Scott Olsen , 24 , remains hospitalized in fair condition with a fractured skull suffered from a projectile fired during a sweep of Frank Ogawa Plaza by police in riot gear . Their condition has become a rallying cry at Occupy protests around the world .
Although police cleared protesters and their tents from the plaza Tuesday morning , the protesters and their tents returned the next day , and held a candlelight vigil for Olsen .
Addressing about 1,000 Occupy Oakland protesters in front of City Hall Friday , Moore said the week 's events in Oakland will go down as a `` watershed moment '' in the Occupy Wall Street movement . `` Millions have seen this and are inspired by you because you came back the next night , '' said Moore .
Michael Moore : Occupy movement `` killed apathy ''
Bangor , Me . : Maine groups aligned with the Occupy Wall Street movement plan to rally Saturday . Occupy Bangor said a rally at downtown Bangor 's Peirce Park will be followed by a march . The group said participants are organizing to show solidarity for what it calls a `` feeling of mass injustice and inequality in America . ''
In Portland , Occupy Maine said it will also rally Saturday with speakers , music and a march from Monument Square , despite a weather forecast for 6 inches of snow Saturday evening .
Albuquerque , N.M. : Organizers plan a Saturday march at the site where about two dozen protesters were arrested earlier this week . The `` 1st Amendment Solidarity March '' starts at University of New Mexico 's Yale Park .
Protesters were arrested after school officials ordered the four-week-old protest site closed over safety concerns . New Mexico State Police raided the spot late Tuesday and have prevented protesters from returning .
Organizers are pressing city officials to allow them to relocate to Robinson Park . Albuquerque protesters met Thursday with Mayor Richard Berry , but Berry did not make a decision . They told protesters they wanted to seek a balance between free speech and public safety .
Burlington , Vt. : More than 100 social activists planned to stay the night in City Hall Park in Burlington as they worked to expand into a 24-hour operation . The Burlington protests began last Sunday , but Friday 's effort marked the first time the Vermont movement was going to try to go full time .
City rules do n't allow the park to be used between midnight and 6 a.m . But city officials ruled Friday the protesters could stay , as long as no laws were broken and there were no threats to public safety . The city vowed to take a wait-and-see approach to enforcement of the camping ban .
Traverse City , Mich. : Participants in the Occupy protest in this Michigan city plan to collect food , clothing and blankets for the needy .
Donations are expected to be given to area nonprofits .
London , England : A part-time chaplain at St. Paul 's Cathedral has become the second churchman to resign over the church 's attitude to the protest outside the building . Fraser Dyer said they were `` embarrassed '' by the decision to take legal action to try to evict the anti-capitalist protesters .
Senior clergyman Giles Fraser resigned earlier , saying they feared moves to evict the protesters could end in violence .
Church and local government authorities are separately going to court to try to evict the protesters , though officials have acknowledged it could take weeks or months to get an order to remove the tent city .
As the iconic church reopened after a weeklong closure triggered by the protest , the City of London Corporation said it was launching legal action on the grounds that the protest is an `` unreasonable user of the highway . '' Scores of tents are pitched on the pedestrianized square in front of the cathedral and near a footpath alongside the building .
Isaac Cordal is an artist , sculptor and photographer . Originally from Spain , they travel around the world and creates sprawling art installations in urban areas , parks and other locations . Their work critiques different aspects of the places they visit : the country 's politics , climate change , and in some cases , just whether or not people will stop and notice art when they are n't looking at it in a museum .
Cordal 's series `` Cement Eclipses '' picked up traction on Tumblr , where a post ( which has since been taken down ) featuring their work had more than 40,000 notes . `` Cement Eclipses '' was an installation in Chiapas , Mexico that featured miniature skeletons embedded in locations around the city .
Fusion caught up with Cordal over email .
`` American Dream '' by Isaac Cordal . All images courtesy of Isaac Cordal .
FUSION : Where are you located now ?
CORDAL : I 'm in Galicia , Spain .
FUSION : Why the tiny skeletons in Chiapas ? And the more realistic figures in St. Petersburg ?
Advertisement
CORDAL : In Chiapas I wanted to do something related to popular culture . It is very interesting to explore the symbolism of Mexico 's Day of the Dead , as well as the culture 's relationship with death . I really like the imagery and beauty of Mexican handicrafts . The Mask of Tezcatlipoca is perhaps one of my favorite pieces , as well as the artwork of José Guadalupe Posadas .
My primary idea for `` Cement Eclipses '' was to create small sculptures depicting contemporary human beings converted into part of the urban landscape , as if they were fossils in the city . In St. Petersburg , I worked with some of my characters from my `` Follow the Leaders '' series . They represent business people in different situations as a metaphor for the collapse of capitalism .
Advertisement
`` Border '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : Do you make the statues ? What materials do you use ?
CORDAL : I make them , normally in cement . This material has powerful symbolism : it is one of humanity 's footprints against nature .
Advertisement
From `` Cement Eclipses '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : We harvest cement from nature but turn it into buildings and roads for our cities . Is that juxtaposition part of why you use that material ?
Advertisement
CORDAL : I think it 's interesting when people build their own monuments . That is like the real skin of the city . When you see all of this in the streets , even just little messages that people paint on the walls , you can feel that the city is alive . When cities are completely clean , it comes to my mind that is artificial . It 's more natural that the city speaks through its walls .
Part of Isaac Cordal 's `` Cement Eclipses '' series
FUSION : What makes you choose these cities and specific locations for your installations ?
Advertisement
CORDAL : Usually I do my work in places that I have a chance to travel to . The locations are very important : more than my artwork , I look for interesting places lost in the cities or in the countryside . Sometimes I can walk for hours looking for a good spot and not find one interesting place .
`` Freedom of Thought '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : Are there legal risks in your work ? Do you ever ask for permission to install your artwork ?
Advertisement
CORDAL : I never ask for permission ; I 've never had any problems yet . I do n't know , someone could say they do n't like it , but it 's very easy to remove . I think it 's not legal , but I 'm not sure it is illegal .
From Isaac Cordal 's series on climate change
FUSION : How does your work explore the effects of climate change ?
CORDAL : I have made ​​several pieces about the issue of climate change , as well as our relationship with nature in general . There are many problems that are intertwined with each other when it comes to society and how we treat our environment .
Advertisement
`` Waiting for climate change '' was a project made for a park called Beaufort04 on the Belgian coast . It is a series of sculptures rising to poles in front of the sea . This installation represents citizens who are prepared for a possible disaster but completely submerged in their smartphones .
`` Desordes Creativas '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : Why do you choose to do this free-range outdoor installation instead of more traditional gallery work ?
Advertisement
CORDAL : I like being involved in street art in a very natural way . Nothing is planned . The street is a good place to create art , because it is open 24 hours a day and you can find everything you need .
From `` Cement Eclipses '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : Tell me about the name `` Cement Eclipses . '' Your site says it 's a `` critical definition of our behavior as a social mass '' - what does that mean ?
Advertisement
CORDAL : By that , I mean mass social behavior is a result of the interaction of individuals , but also an autonomous body : it 's a kind of public transportation that seems to minimize the acts produced by the collective . Control of mass psychology has created a new world dominated by elites . Individuals become infected with mass behavior and simply accept everything without question , including climate change and poor leadership . Our society is more enslaved by a collective consciousness and financial markets are our new spiritual guides .
Cement Eclipses is a reflection on the progress and side effects in our society . Progress has been globalized for the benefit of a few , and time has accelerated , so what was previously a diversity of cultures seems to be forced to exist in the same date and time now .
Advertisement
From `` Cement Eclipses '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : What future installations do you have planned ?
CORDAL : I have a project about modern slavery .
Advertisement
`` Survivors '' by Isaac Cordal
FUSION : What do you want people to get out of your artwork ?
CORDAL : I do not know really . First I hope they can find it somewhere . My intention is to reflect on the world through these small sculptures . With small gestures maybe we could change the overall inertia .
Advertisement
`` The Office '' by Isaac Cordal
Andy Dubbin contributed to this reporting . This interview has been lightly edited .
There is likely to be a vote this afternoon on the FISA bill proposal in the House . If you have not contacted your Representative about this issue recently , please do so : no telecom immunity , stand up for the rule of law and the Fourth Amendment . While you are at it , please take the time to vote in our poll on which Blue Dog will get pressure for not standing up on this .
As Glenn points out , the House Dems have reviewed the documents given to them by the WH regarding their claim of need for telecom immunity and enhanced unilateral executive powers . And , what do you know , the House ( unlike the Senate Intel Committee ) calls the justifications for what they are : utter bunk .
We have concluded that the Administration has not established a valid and credible case justifying the extraordinary action of Congress enacting blanket retroactive immunity as set forth in the Senate bill… . In our view , the arguments for blanket retroactive immunity – that a decision not to enact it will irreparably harm the relevant carriers and that it will endanger our national security – have not been substantiated , either in a public or a classified setting….the relevant carriers are significant companies that appear capable of dealing with the lawsuits and accusations brought against them . We have seen no indication that in the event these actions were allowed to proceed , either their reputations or their financial viability would be meaningfully impaired . As a matter of fact , it could just as easily be asserted that the carriers could be best served by clearing their names , or that their reputations would suffer greater harm as a result of a legislative enactment of blanket retroactive immunity… . While the information we have seen does not justify retroactive legal immunity , we do believe another option is available that would protect the legitimate interests of carriers in light of the legal framework that already exists . Under current law , carriers that cooperate with government surveillance activities are already entitled to immunity from lawsuit under many circumstances . For example , one statute provides that “ no cause of action shall lie in any court ” against a telecom company that provides the content of telecommunications to the federal government when the company has received a court order or “ a certification in writing ” by the Attorney General or a designee stating “ that no warrant or court order is required by law , that all statutory requirements have been met , and that the specified assistance is required. ” However , based on both unclassified and classified information , we have concluded that carriers may be unable to demonstrate their claims to immunity in court under current law because of the state secrets doctrine and related constraints concerning classified information… .
This is not , nor has it ever been , about providing protection for the telecom companies . This has always been an effort to keep the American public from knowing what illegal overreaches the Bush Administration has been involved in all along , since well before 9/11 . The sole thing that is preventing the telecom carriers from fully litigating their case in court is the Bush Administration assertion of state secrets to keep the public from knowing just how far they have taken this domestic spying . It 's a CYA shell game…again and again .
There is a reason John Poindexter was brought back on board for the Bush Administration , given their Total Information Awareness background — and with Dick Cheney 's knowledge of the inner-workings of government and the shifting of its budgetary devices to black ops budget parameters , the public would never have known for certain that the NSA was being used to illegally spy on the American public in contravention of the Fourth Amendment…except that we found out about it .
Just like we found out about the PR gaming and lies that were the foundation for promoting invasion of Iraq . The truth has a funny way of wiggling out from underneath the lies when you least expect it .
Ars Technica has some great analysis of how this has unfolded , including this bit :
The bottom line is that the press will not do politicians ' jobs for them . When a politician fails to clearly explain what 's wrong with their opponent 's position , few journalists will take it upon themselves to craft their own critiques . Only by drawing clear contrasts with the president , and backing up their strong words with strong actions , will Democrats shift the national security conversation to their advantage . They did that last month and reaped a bountiful harvest of favorable press . That success can continue , but only if House Democrats do n't lose their nerve in the coming weeks of negotiations .
The press is n't going to dig in an do the work on this ( with a few notable exceptions — see Lichtblau 's FBI overreach story today ) , but we are more than willing to help pick up the slack and keep this issue front and center for elected representatives . Just like we have been doing since these illegal domestic spying intrusions were revealed back in 2005 . This has been a long-term fight for liberty , and we will keep this going as long as it takes .
Please call your Representative today — and make sure they know that we are watching how they vote , just like the NSA is watching all of us . As always , it 's up to us — being a patriot is something that you do . Now let 's get to work .
PS — For those of you who will be attending Take Back America next week , I 'll be on a panel with Rep. John Conyers and Prof. David Cole of Georgetown Law entitled `` The Republic Against The Rogue Presidency '' at 10:30 am ET on Tuesday morning . Hope to see you there !
( YouTube — The Police `` Every Breath You Take . '' )
UPDATE : For those of you who just missed the brief statement from President Petulant on this , I 'll sum it up : `` You must respect my AUTHORITAY . If you do n't I 'll veto the bill . '' My response : `` Good , we get the FISA law as is and you still do n't get a pass for breaking the law . Sweet . ''
UPDATE # 2 : More here on potential bill votes today…
On March 1st , the New Brunswick Commission on Electoral Reform released its final recommendations for improving democracy and inclusivity in one of Canada 's more eastern provinces . The initiative started as a campaign promise in 2014 by Premier Brian Gallant 's government and in the fall of 2016 the provincial government formed an independent and nonpartisan commission to examine several proposed electoral reforms . Through input from citizens and experts alike , the commission ultimately recommended 24 potential reforms to improve democratic processes in New Brunswick .
Chief among these recommendations was the adoption of the preferential ballot , also known as ranked choice voting ( RCV ) , and a move away from the current winner-take-all system . The government also recommended lowering the voting age to 16 as well as giving permanent residents who are not yet citizens the right to vote in provincial elections , among other suggestions . Like the United States , Canada primarily uses winner-take-all elections , and has grappled with many of the systems ' drawbacks .
National Context :
The New Brunswick Citizen 's Commission is the most recent of Canada 's provincial efforts for voting reform , many of which have also flirted with adopting RCV or other related mechanisms .
New Brunswick 's commission took place amongst a larger , nationwide interest in voting reform . For the past year , Canada has also been looking at voting reform ( including RCV ) at the federal level . During the last campaign cycle , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau made voting reform and a switch to RCV a cornerstone of their campaign . At first , Trudeau acted upon their campaign promises after their unlikely ascent to the PM post , and formed an all-party parliamentary commission to investigate RCV and other measures . However , in a controversial move Trudeau halted the process in February 2016 , citing lack of consensus among both political parties and constituents . Despite this setback , in a federated democracy like Canada and the US , states and provinces can act as mini laboratories for reform . If New Brunswick were to adopt RCV , their experience could help create nationwide consensus about RCV and its benefits .
Citizen 's Commission Review :
New Brunswick decided to look at voting system reform to increase trust in government and promote voter participation . It also came about out of an acknowledgement that a voter 's expression of candidate preferences are limited in current winner-take-all systems .
While weighing the potential of RCV and receiving input from citizens and experts , the Commission 's report acknowledged that discussions on electoral system reform revolved around three types of systems : winner-take-all , RCV , and mixed-member proportional representation ( MMP ) .
The committee chose to recommend RCV over a winner-take-all system because it allows voters to register more preferences ( and provide more information about who they would like to see in office ) , ensures a majority winner , and encourages civility between candidates . As commission member Bev Harrison pointed out , `` [ RCV ] is an opportunity for candidates to be more civilized in their approach , because you are trying to get second and third ballot support in case you do n't make it the first time . '' Furthermore , the committee called RCV a “ modest , pragmatic choice for reform that does not create its own series of problems , as a wholesale change to another electoral system would . It also keeps things simple and easy , so that everyone can understand how to vote and that their vote really counts ” .
As a “ stepping stone in a continued evolutionary path of New Brunswick 's democratic institutions ” and a “ small change ” , the committee favored a move to RCV over a more dramatic shift to MMP . The committee , which was not initially asked to evaluate an adoption of a PR-type system like MMP , considered the merit of a PR type-system after it was continually brought up in committee meetings . However , the committee felt that voters were most likely not ready to adopt a PR-style system , citing the repeated defeat of PR referenda across Canada . They did , however , see the adoption of RCV as a reform that would help voters become more comfortable with the concepts of PR . They also recommended that reforms like MMP should be further explored and considered in the future .
New Brunswick Premier , Brian Gallant , said that New Brunswick would put the adoption of RCV to voters , wanting a clear referendum on the measure . Gallant said that , “ to change the way people vote , we think , is a fundamental change ” , and therefore the leadership wants to make sure the adoption of RCV is widely supported by voters . There is potential , however , for RCV to be used in New Brunswick 's next election cycle , which is in 2018 .
Conclusion :
Voting systems are complicated , and it is hard to determine how specific constituencies and parties would fare in a different system using the parameters of the current system . However , one of the benefits of a federal system , like in Canada and the United States , is the ability of provinces and states to experiment . If New Brunswick were to adopt ranked choice voting , it would provide a great opportunity for the rest of the country to see how RCV works in practice . In a country with two main political parties , two strong minor parties adoption of RCV allows voters to show more preferences when voting , which will translate into better representation . It also provides incentives for a more civil politics , since , as the New Brunswick report noted , candidates can win close races off of second and third choice rankings . Indeed , changes at local and provincial levels can help Canada in general become ready to make the leap from a winner-take-all system to a more representative type system .
Image Source : By Skeezix1000 ( Own work ) [ CC BY-SA 3.0 ( http : //creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0 ) ] , via Wikimedia Commons
Still No Explanation for Outage that began 2 PM Friday 5/27 , to 7 AM Saturday 5/28
Update : Cricket Wireless has still offered no explanation for the nationwide cell phone outage that began 2 PM on Friday , May 27 and lasted until 7 a.m. PST on Saturday , May 28 , 2016 . However , they are offering a credit of $ 5 per line to each customer . You do have to call 611 from your phone and ask for it , and then wait on hold while some dude in Costa Rica processes the refund . That $ 5 per line , so in my case , it was $ 25 .
It was an unprecedented national cell phone outage that began at 2 PM PST Friday and lasted for 17 hours . Subscribers of AT & T and Cricket Wireless were suddenly unable to use the internet , nor to make nor receive phone calls . People from San Diego to New York City , from Tampa to Tacoma , from Louisiana to South Dakota left us comments to say their cell service remained out , even as midnight came and Saturday dawned .
Update : Saturday 11 PM PST : Cricket sends the following text message to subscribers : `` Cricket Wireless here thanking you for your patience while we resolved issues that may have affected some of your services Friday night . We apologize . We know you depend on your service and we failed to meet those expectations last night . We commit to working harder to keep you connected . ''
AT & T and Cricket Wireless customers were both affected , which makes sense since they share the same network . The outage seemed to be affecting outgoing calls as well as incoming . Verizon and T Mobile appear to be operating normally in most regions .
As Friday afternoon turned into evening and then night , affected readers could not access Uber , Lyft , Waze or banking apps , and could not call friends or relatives to drive them home from work . Modern life runs on smartphone apps , and in the words of Joni Mitchell , you do n't know what you 've got till it 's gone . Businesses lost money , unable to receive calls from customers . Social events were missed , including weddings and funerals .
Please share this story on social networks such as Facebook , as that may pressure the carriers to come forward with more information .
The outage occurred around 2 PM in California , and the company first tweeted about it at 4 PM PST : `` We are aware of a service issue affecting some customers & are working quickly to resolve it . We apologize for this inconvenience . '' Calling Cricket Wireless ' customer service 1800 Cricket number , yielded only a fast busy signal .
Given the lack of information coming from the carriers , many are speculating wildly about what -- or who -- could cause such a wide scale , long lasting outage . The outage was barely mentioned in national media , which added to conspiracy theorizing .
Our Readers Tell Us
One of SMOBSERVED.COM 's Colorado readers reports their Cricket cell phone service is out in Denver . Readers in Portland , Oregon , Vancouver , Washington and in Arkansas also report their Cricket Wireless is out . So the outage appears to be national . One reader in Chicago , IL reports no service for 2 hours . `` Out here East of Dallas '' a Texas reader posted . `` I have data , but phone and text are n't working . 19:00CST ''
In comments , our California readers reported service outages in Los Angeles , San Jose , Oakland , Sacramento , San Luis Obispo , Santa Rosa and San Diego . Readers across the United States told us of cell phone outages including Seattle , WA , Aurora , IN , Raleigh NC , Indianapolis , Albuquerque , Akron OH , Orlando FL , Nashville , TN , Pittsburg , PA , Atlanta , GA , Dallas , TX , Sedona , AZ ; Dallas , Houston and San Antonio , TX ; Las Vegas , St. Louis , Philadelphia , Chicago , New York City , and Washington D.C .
`` I 'm in Utah and Cricket phone service seems to be out across the State . I 've been searching online and it pretty much looks like it 's out across the country as well , '' writes one of our readers . `` I 'm in Wichita , KS and service seems to be out across the state . This is so exasperating ! '' writes Alyssa . `` It would be nice to know why this is happening and more importantly , when/if It 's going to be fixed ... ''
`` The same here in Arizona , '' wrote `` Margedarlin '' at 5:15 PM PST . `` I went into a cricket store they say it 's happening all over . I was told there is a tower down & it knocked the service out . I was told it would be back on by Saturday if not sooner . ''
A Texas reader also heard about the downed tower from their local store : `` Outage here in San Antonio Texas too since about 4:30pm ! ! Called store was notified towers were done and they were n't sure when it was coming back up . Would be nice if they gave an approximate time . The fact that they do n't know when is concerning . Were they hacked ? ? ! ! ''
Quiped Don Doolin : `` In Omaha no service since 4:30pm . I guess if I want to hear a cricket I 'll have to go outside . Come on Cricket get it together huh ? '' Other comments saw a lighter side to the story , too . `` Maybe there will be a baby boom in 9 months . A 21st century blackout . Put down the phone people ! Candy Crush and Instagram can wait till tomorrow . Life is happening if you just look away from your phone screen . ''
`` In Santa Rosa , CA . Service Flickers out Around 3:10 PM PST . Service is unavailable currently despite this phone displaying 2-3 bars and the cricket service indicator in the top left corner . Still a busy signal at customer support . The time is 5:25 . Thank you and good luck ! ''
Switchgod writes : `` Having worked Network Operations for Cricket for 8 years before the AT & T M & A , this is an absolute embarrassment for AT & T . Incredibly , this is the only article I 've been able to locate on the net regarding this outage . I 'm currently in Morgantown . WV and my wife 's Cricket service is out . When manually forcing the phone to search for the AT & T network , the error message Network not available pops up . Luckily I now work for another wireless carrier . AT & T SUCKS ! ! ! ''
Poignantly , one woman wrote : `` I live in Michigan and no service . Really upset because my mom is in the hospital and ended up coding ( dying ) today and I could n't call any family or friends for support . I 've been sitting at the hospital alone trying to come to my senses . Very unhappy with the situation ..... I 'm so over today . '' An expectant grandmother in Chicago could n't contact either of their two pregnant daughters .
Some readers say Verizon is also affected , but we have not been able to confirm this assertion . Apple suffered a serious outage of their online services such as iCloud and iTunes on Thursday , but there is no evidence indicating the Apple outage and the AT & T outage today are somehow connected .
Update 7AM PST Saturday from the Atlanta Journal Constitution : “ Service has been fully restored for Cricket customers , ” Ann Elsas , spokesperson for Cricket Wireless parent company AT & T , said in a statement Saturday . “ Technicians worked around the clock to resolve the issue and service is currently running normally . We apologize for this inconvenience . ”
Update : Saturday 6:53 AM PST : # CricketNation tweeted , `` Service has been fully restored . Technicians worked around the clock to resolve the issue . We sincerely apologize . ''
About Cricket Wireless
Cricket Wireless is a prepaid wireless service provider in the United States . Cricket Wireless offers voice , text , and data and is a wholly owned subsidiary of AT & T Inc. As of 2011 , it provided prepaid wireless services to approximately 5 million subscribers in the United States .
Cricket Wireless was founded in 1999 by Leap Wireless International , Inc. On July 12 , 2013 , AT & T Inc. agreed to acquire Cricket 's parent company Leap Wireless International for $ 1.2 billion . The merger was approved by the Federal Communications Commission on March 13 , 2014 , and later that same day , Leap Wireless announced the completion of its acquisition by AT & T .
Disclosure : The writer and their family pay for service through Cricket Wireless .
AI-powered translation piped through wireless earbuds is another big step towards the removal of the language barrier
Alongside the new Pixel 2 smartphones Google unveiled on Wednesday night , the company also launched a set of Bluetooth earbuds called the Pixel Buds with one standout feature : instant translation between 40 different languages using a Pixel smartphone .
In a live demo on stage , the Pixel Buds were shown translating short phrases back and forth between English and Swedish using Google Translate running on a Pixel 2 smartphone .
“ It 's like you 've got your own personal translator with you everywhere you go . Say you 're in Little Italy , and you want to order your pasta like a pro . All you have to do is hold down on the right earbud and say , ‘ Help me speak Italian ' , ” wrote Adam Champy , Google 's product manager for the Pixel Buds , on the company 's blog .
While the demonstration was impressive , this is n't the first time Google has rolled out the ability to do near real-time translation back and forth between different languages , and it is n't the first firm to put that capability into a set of earbuds .
The Google Translate app on Android and Apple 's iPhone can already perform the same trick . After activating the live mic it will listen for your sentence in English and translate and speak the same sentence in your choice of 40 languages . It will then listen out for the reply and perform the same trick into English . Some elements rely on a good data connection , but with the abolition of roaming charges within Europe at least it does n't cost the earth while on holiday from the UK .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Bragi Dash Pro wireless earbuds put AI in your ear with motion commands , smart controls and Babel Fish-like translation via the iTranslate app . Photograph : BRAGI ( handout )
For those who would prefer to have the translator in your ear , not shouting aloud , Bragi 's truly wireless Dash Pro earbuds have been able to perform the same trick since May , again between 40 languages , using the iTranslate app on an iPhone .
Meanwhile Microsoft 's Skype Translator can do real-time translation between eight languages over a voice or video call or between 50 languages for text chat , making conference calling between nations and languages possible .
In many ways , the machine-learning and artificial intelligence expansion has pushed what we thought was possible out of the realms of science fiction into reality .
None of the currently available technologies and gadgets are quite the true Babel fish in your ear , but with the Pixel Buds and the Bragi Dash Pro , the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy dream of a seamless removal of language barriers is closer than ever .
This article contains affiliate links , which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase . All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative .
The links are powered by Skimlinks . By clicking on an affiliate link , you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set . More information .
Francis , who grew in popularity during the Diablo 3 error fiasco , has done it once again and has released a highly entertaining video showing how enraged they are at rumors mentioning the possibility of always-online Xbox 720 .
We covered that news here and according to that a creative director at Microsoft had tweeted that always-online is what they expect in most of their electronic devices and told people to deal with it .
They got nailed by the media and their account has been set to private . So now , Francis , has decided to smash their Xbox 360 in retaliation to that , and you can check out the video which shows them struggling .
“ HEY , ADAM ORTH ? WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU THINKING . I CA N'T BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING . ALWAYS ONLINE CONNECTION TO USE MY NO XBOX . NO , FUCK THAT . PLAYSTATION JUST WON , ” their comment read .
Tell us what you think in the comments section below .
Researchers have advanced the field of affective computing ( AC ) -- the creation of computer systems that recognize , express and process human emotions -- by proposing a new way to recognize emotion in text . Their development has significant potential for business applications .
In a world full of blog posts , tweets and emails , the implications for businesses able to identify emotions contained in written communications are clear : a greater understanding of their customers ' behaviours , motivations and satisfaction . By making use of AC in their 'enterprise systems ' , businesses that pay attention to 'affective ' factors and build relationships with their customers may also obtain a competitive advantage . The current trend of 'emotional marketing ' already acknowledges the important role emotions play in our decision-making processes . The research may also have implications for the analysis of human factors in other business functions and processes , such as supply chains .
Writing in the journal Enterprise Information Systems , Changqin Quan and Fuji Ren describe their approach -- 'multi-label textual emotion recognition ' . It differs from other approaches to emotion recognition by taking into account the full emotional context of a sentence , rather than being purely 'lexical ' . Uniquely , Quan and Ren 's method allows its users to recognize indirect emotions , emotional ambiguity or multiple emotions in the subject text .
As they explain : 'Our model generates an emotion vector for each emotional word in a sentence by analysing semantic , syntactic and contextual features . The emotion vector records basic emotions contained in the word . ' Each word is given an 'emotional state ' represented by eight binary digits , each corresponding to one , or more , of eight key emotions : expectation , joy , love , surprise , anxiety , sorrow , anger and hate . The final 'result ' is based on 'the state of combined expressions of emotions ' in the sentence as a whole .
This article is a fascinating insight into an expanding area of research . It also lays a path for future research into the subject , including how speech and facial emotion analysis might also be thrown into the analytical mix . Marketing and customer service may never be the same again .
This is a documentary film on the role of Joseph Stalin during World War II . The film combines narrative-led documentary segments , interwoven by dramatic re-enactments , with actors representing main political figures of the period .
The documentary carries information newly available to the public , from the Soviet archives , following the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
British historian Laurence Rees did the research compilation and lead writing for the series .
Joseph Stalin – the supreme leader of the Soviet Union – was a tyrant responsible for the death of millions . Yet they also had some unlikely relationships during the Second World War .
Not just with leaders of the great democracies like Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt , but also with Hitler and the Nazis .
For the first time , this ambitious series from award-winning filmmaker Laurence Rees uses exclusive evidence gained from the actual conversations and secret meetings Stalin conducted with Roosevelt , Churchill and Hitler , to dramatically reveal the true natures of the three leaders and how the meetings they had – and the decisions they made – shaped the world today .
191 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Impeller Studios ' crowdfunding goal of $ 150,000 was reached with around 40 hours to go , meaning the Starfighter Inc. project has the resources to complete in a timely manner . Stretch goals are now being hit , starting with new pilot and ship skins .
Update ( 4/14/17 , 5:04PM ) : At one stage it looked like it could be another close call , but pledges accelerated over the last few days , hitting the $ 150,000 target comfortably with about 40 hours to go . Lead Designer David Wessman posted their appreciation , saying “ We made it thanks to the amazing support of over 2700 backers ! From everyone at Impeller Studios , know that we are extremely happy and very , very grateful ! We ca n't wait to deliver the game to you , and you can count on regular updates on our progress . Now , let 's see if we ca n't hit a stretch goal or two ! ” And with 21 hours remaining , the first stretch goals are indeed being hit , starting with alternate pilot and ship skins , followed by potential new weapons and ships . The major milestone of $ 200,000 , which would introduce a new game mode and add several other features , is still some way off . The successful campaign means that the development team can complete the game faster – their aim is to deliver the game in April 2018 . Creative Director Jack Mamais also posted their thoughts in the Kickstarter comments section , saying “ We are all super stoked here ( design meetings happening all day ) and ca n't wait to show you all what 's coming next . We will continue to read and answer these comments…and we will have lots more information coming on our website as the campaign wraps up . We will keep this development very transparent for you guys , you all deserve it and we love to hear the great feedback and responses . ”
Original Article ( 4/6/17 ) : Starfighter Inc. has passed the halfway mark on its crowdfunding campaign , now with 9 days remaining . The game concentrates on multiplayer dogfighting based on a hard sci-fi foundation , promising to be the most realistic space combat simulator ever created .
Lead by industry veteran David Wessman , famous for their work on the classic X-Wing series , developer Impeller Studios has been working on this passion project since 2013 . Seen as the spiritual successor to X-Wing vs . TIE Fighter , the game is attempting to deliver fun tactical combat using a realistic physics system , simulating frictionless flight and component-based damage . Offering a comprehensive VR implementation ( the HTC Vive , Oculus Rift , and OSVR are planned for support ) , this should pique the interest of many cockpit-based space sim fans .
Starfighter Inc. Kickstarter
This is the studio 's second shot at a successful Kickstarter campaign , having just missed their original goal in 2015 . The funding tracker Kicktraq shows the rate of new pledges has steadied after the promising start , suggesting it might be a close call again . Impeller promise to continue their work even if the goal is n't reached , but those who 'd like to see Starfighter Inc. anytime soon may want to consider backing the project .
Perhaps this is why some are undecided—the $ 150,000 goal is an unusually low figure , not representative of the development costs of such an ambitious game . As noted on the campaign page , “ Starfighter Inc. is where it 's at right now as the result of more than four years of hard work paid for out of our own pockets and a whole lot of sweat equity . We 're not trying to recoup that investment ; we 're asking for your help to complete the basic game faster . ”
The Republican class war continues in the form of a new Higher Education Act reauthorization bill introduced by North Carolina Rep. Virginia Foxx . This bill has a number of changes to how ( and if ) Americans can access higher education , but one of the most notable changes has to do with the elimination of several student loan forgiveness programs . The Washington Post reports :
House Republicans are also envisioning the end of loan forgiveness for college graduates who pursue careers in the public sector . The plan , much like the White House budget , would do away with Public Service Loan Forgiveness , a program that wipes away federal student debt for people in the public sector after they have made 10 years ' worth of payments . The program , enacted in 2007 under President George W. Bush , was designed to encourage college graduates to pursue careers as social workers , teachers , public defenders or doctors in rural areas .
In the 10 years of its existence , more than 500,000 Americans have registered for public service student loan forgiveness . If the bill passes , anyone who enters the program after June 2018 will no longer be eligible .
The bill is sickeningly titled the Promoting Real Opportunity , Success , and Prosperity through Education Reform ( PROSPER ) Act .
EUGENE -- Top-seeded Oregon might be the team to beat in this week 's Women 's College World Series but winning its opener will require beating the nation 's best player .
Even against the backdrop of an eight-team tournament of NCAA softball 's elites , Oregon 's opener against eighth-seeded Florida State on Thursday is shaping up to be a showdown of superlatives . In one corner is the top-ranked Ducks , whose 54 victories tie a school record and whose offense has shattered UO 's single-season records for batting average , slugging percentage , hits , runs and RBIs .
In the other corner is Florida State right-hander Lacey Waldrop , the
2014 USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year who has the arm to potentially neutralize Oregon 's offense .
Waldrop earned the honor Tuesday night at a banquet at Oklahoma City after their 38-5 record and 1.01 ERA in 257 1/3 innings . Other finalists included Michigan shortstop Sierra Romero and UCLA pitcher Ally Carda . Waldrop was previously named this season 's top pitcher in the Atlantic Coast Conference .
Though Oregon has n't faced Waldrop before , it is taking solace in its track record of success against other elite pitchers this season . They include Dallas Escobedo of Arizona State ( 10.1 strikeouts per seven innings , seventh-best in NCAA ) and Jailyn Ford of James Madison ( 1.26 ERA , also seventh-best ) . Oregon beat James Madison , 5-1 , and scored a combined five earned runs off Escobedo in a three-game series in early May .
`` I think we 've seen a variety of pitching in the Pac-12 , '' head coach Mike White said . `` Ally Carda ( UCLA ) gets it up there , Dallas Escobedo throws as hard as anybody in the country and has great movement , so we 've seen a little bit of everything . ''
A key for Waldrop and Florida State ( 55-7 ) could be in how hard they throw . As a high school recruit they threw their fastball 65 miles per hour , added a 60-mph screw ball and rounded out their arsenal with an off speed pitch , a backhand change-up , a drop ball and a rise ball . White considers 67-70 to be the upper edge of the pitching Oregon has faced this season , and the most recent power pitcher UO faced was Minnesota 's Nikki Anderson in last weekend 's NCAA super regional .
That experience led them to say `` hitting a higher-velocity pitcher '' is Oregon 's top area of improvement entering this week .
`` When Anderson came in throwing about 68 to 70 miles an hour it kind of took us by surprise a little bit , '' White said . `` Of course you 're going to see kids down there ( Oklahoma City ) like Alabama 's Jaclyn Traina will throw up there in the velocity . ( Whitne ) Canion of Baylor will if Baylor beats Florida . So we 've got to adjust to the speed a little quicker than what we 've done in the past . ''
Oregon and Florida State 's game will be broadcast Thursday on ESPN . The winner of that game plays the winner of Baylor vs. Florida Friday at 4 p.m. ; the loser plays at 9 a.m. Saturday . The WCWS is a double-elimination format .
-- Andrew Greif |
5 Galleries : Newark Mayor Cory Booker , leaders , attend ribbon cutting of city 's newest supermarket in South Ward
NEWARK — When it comes to buying groceries , nothing is more important to Lois Washington than fresh products .
That 's why the 81-year-old resident of Newark 's South Ward and their daughter used to ride the bus to neighboring Irvington to shop at Supremo Food Market .
Those days are over .
`` Now we just have to walk two blocks over and one down and it 's right here , '' Evangel Showell , Washington 's daughter , said today while shopping at Key Food on Springfield Avenue .
As the two women browsed the aisles , Newark Mayor Cory Booker and other local officials touted the opening of the city 's newest supermarket as the latest progress in banishing food deserts from pockets of Newark that lack easy access to grocery stores but have plenty of expensive convenience stores or fast food joints .
About a year ago , local officials lauded the opening of the Central Ward 's Food Depot , the city 's first new full-scale supermarket in more than 20 years .
`` This is a mission of mine to end food deserts in Newark , '' Booker said today , before stocking up on some items for himself . In their basket : apples , baby carrots , cherry tomatoes , pre-cut pineapple and yams .
Booker was joined by members of the Newark City Council at today 's ceremonial ribbon cutting of Key Food , which opened to shoppers on Dec. 21 . City leaders say the 13,000-square-foot store 's offerings of fresh produce , meats and dairy as well as a full deli counter and seafood section will give residents healthier options than what 's available at nearby bodegas or fast food chains .
Having access to fresh food helps fight issues like obesity , diabetes and high blood pressure , which are rampant in urban areas , South Ward Councilman Ras Baraka said .
STAY CONNECTED 24/7 Download our free NJ.com mobile and tablet apps to keep up with the latest New Jersey news , sports and entertainment .
And it 's not just a health issue — it 's about economic growth as well , officials noted .
Formerly a shuttered auto parts store , Key Food employs 40 people , 30 of whom are Newark residents like Charles Carter , 31 , who works in dairy and frozen foods . The $ 3 million store is part of a franchise operation that has other locations in Queens and Brooklyn , said Shihadeh Musleh , president of the Newark store .
`` Stuff is much cheaper , it 's much better , '' said Showell , 43 . `` It 's clean ( and ) it makes you want to come back . ''
With help from the Brick City Development Corp. , the city has pushed for grant funding to expand options at corner stores and now has renovated or opened a new supermarket in each ward , said Lyneir Richardson , the agency 's CEO .
`` We are completely elated , '' Baraka said of the supermarket . `` I just got my Key Food savings card . ''
Follow @ EuniceLeeSL
On 2 November 2016 , during the PlayStation®4 Pro event 'JOIN THE FUTURE OF PLAY ' , Gran Turismo series Producer Kazunori Yamauchi gave a tech presentation titled `` Technical Vision for Gran Turismo on PS4 ( Pro ) '' .
In this article , with the help of actual slides used during the presentation , we will introduce the techniques used to achieve this new era of visual enhancements for the next PlayStation®4-exclusive title ‘ Gran Turismo Sport ' , to be released in 2017 .
4K , 60fps
HDR
SDR : Current TV , Target : 100 nits
HDR : Movies , Target : 1000 nits
HDR : Gran Turismo , Target : 10000 nits
SDR : Current TV , HDR : Movies , HDR : Gran Turismo
Wide Colour
The colour space recognizable to human eyes
sRGB
Movies : DCI-P3
Gran Turismo : BT.2020
sRGB , Movies : DCI-P3 , Gran Turismo : BT.2020
・Resolution : 1800p checkerboard・Framerate : 60fps・Data capture using a bespoke camera developed by PDI.・Brightness range 100 times higher than the current camera standard.・Gran Turismo will support current HDR TV 's as well as future HDR devices reaching brightnesses up to 10000 nits . ( HDR10・ST.2084 ) ・GT Tonemap enabling complete compatibility between Standard Dynamic Range ( SDR ) and HDR TVs.・Colour space increased by 64 % from sRGB.・10nm scale spectroscopic measurement . ( Measurement of the spectral base . ) ・Full wide colour space workflow using BT.2020 at all stages of production , from data capture , materials creation , rendering to output.Please look forward to experiencing the next level of visual enhancements which will be achieved by the PlayStation®4-exclusive title ‘ Gran Turismo Sport ' once it 's released in 2017 .
Canine parvovirus is a devastating diagnosis for any dog . While it can not spread to humans , it is easily spread from dog to dog , and often the disease quickly turns fatal . While there is a vaccine that can help prevent a dog from contracting the deadly illness , there are still thousands of cases of parvo every year and many dogs that do not survive it .
In shelters , parvovirus is especially challenging . Infected dogs shed the virus through their bodily fluids and waste , making it very easy for the illness to spread from kennel to kennel , from dog to dog . The virus is tough to kill , and can live for months or even sometimes years on surfaces . Puppies and dogs who have not yet been vaccinated are particularly vulnerable to infection .
And what 's frustrating for shelters is the cost of treating the illness ; to treat the symptoms of parvo , including fever , bloody diarrhea , vomiting , and dehydration , it can cost between $ 500 to $ 2,000 per dose . Often that high cost is insurmountable , meaning infected dogs and puppies either die of the virus or are euthanized .
In many places around the country , cases of canine parvovirus are on the rise . In Los Angeles County , California , for example , officials say the rate of infection is high and on the rise . Between January and April 2014 , 162 cases of the virus were logged in the county , and half of those infections sprung up in April alone .
“ It 's springtime , you get a lot of newborns during that time and there 's an increase in susceptible hosts , ” County of Los Angeles Department of Animal Care and Control head veterinarian Dr. Maria Sabio-Solacito tells the Los Angeles Times . “ Out there , once you have a stray dog in the desert you do n't know what can happen . ”
But a North Dakota company has stumbled upon a drug that could be a major breakthrough in not only treating canine parvovirus — but actually curing the disease .
Grand Forks , North Dakota , company Avianax was formed after the outbreak of a mysterious illness that was killing large populations of geese across the region . The illness turned out to be West Nile virus . Avianax discovered and developed special antibody technology to fight the disease .
Now , that same technology just might save a lot of puppies . Early tests of the company 's new parvoONE antibody-based treatment , harvested from the yolks of goose eggs , showed a 90 percent cure rate — a potential breakthrough in animal care .
“ We went to the Mayo Clinic and they looked at all our work , ” Avianax Chief Operating Officer Richard Glynn tells the Associated Press . “ They called it a game-changing technology . ”
“ I think there will be a lot of puppy owners who will be very happy , ” adds Glynn .
Puppy caretakers at of the eight parvoONE test sites , the Kansas City Pet Project in Kansas City , Missouri , are certainly very happy .
“ When the box arrived we were yelling , ‘ Woo , the geese antibodies are here ! ' ” Kansas City Pet Project spokesperson Tori Fugate remembers . “ Just the fact that someone is caring out there is pretty remarkable . A lot of open admission shelters choose not to treat parvo because it 's considered too much of a resource . ”
The Avianax parvoONE trials will continue to run through this November at sites in Missouri , North Dakota , Minnesota , Iowa , Texas , North Carolina , and Arizona . But should the U.S. Department of Agriculture give the go-ahead , Avianax plans to start selling parvoONE for $ 75 per dose next spring .
Sources : Associated Press , Los Angeles Times
Sarah Palin made their `` comedy debut '' on The Tonight Show . ( Apparently the running joke of their candidacy does n't count . Ba-dum-ching ! ) This allowed us to witness a pair of millionaires chuckling on a Hollywood stage about how they are bloggers ' victims .
Asked about media criticism of their family , Palin brought up Family Guy and complained that mainstream media did n't provide adequate platforms for them to attack the show . ( Recall that they are already a career talking head and capable of commanding interviews in any newspaper , TV show , or radio program in America . The only bigger platform would be to attach a megaphone to the moon and blanket the entire planet with their voice . ) They lean in and tells Jay they know what it 's like to get made fun of after `` these last weeks . '' They cut to commercial .
Then , to improve that pesky `` no platform '' problem , Leno invites Palin to audition for their job by performing a mock monologue . The funniest joke came before they started , when Palin said they would forgo cue cards because they knew their jokes `` like the front of my hand . '' The monologue consisted of weird political metaphors and gee-shucks moments about eating moose . At the end , they throw in another chuckle about how Jay is their brother in media martyrdom .
Irate about blog chatter and convinced that the antidotes are Fox News and Jay Leno—is it possible Palin just does n't know what `` mainstream media '' means ?
More clips from Palin 's Leno appearance at Gawker.TV
Jeff Hazelton is the President and Chief Technology Officer of BioLucid , a company at the intersection of digital health and the digital arts . Their story starts as a pre-med gone bad , followed by an artistically inspired sailing journey around the world 20 years ago , during which they envisioned how artists could use powerful new digital tools to affect patients ' understanding of their health . By making healthcare visual , patients can now become more active participants in the prevention and treatment of disease . The advancement of that idea , and building the 3D technology to make it all possible , is what BioLucid continues to pursue today . BioLucid provides immersive healthcare visualization products to help healthcare providers around the world better communicate with patients , families , and each other . We had a chance to ask Jeff a few questions about their company and the creative work that it does .
Tom Fowler , Medgadget : How does one transition from sailing around the world to leading a company ? Any skills carry over ?
Jeff Hazelton : First just let me say thank you for this MedGadget interview , I really appreciate it . So the sailing trip was 20 years ago but many of the resulting ideas stick with me to this day . If I look back at my journal I can see how the initial seed that was planted in 1994 still drives a lot of what we are doing now . On the journey I recognized my lifelong aspiration to blend art , technology , and science to help patients . The truly exciting thing is that the technology to make this possible is now readily available . Digital health , combined with our evolved digital artists tool set , and ever more capable computers make this idea a reality . In my journal I mentioned using virtual reality to help improve human health , so while we are primarily mobile immersive right now , I am excited to see that virtual reality will make even more powerful experiences in the coming years . Actually I just came back from the 1st annual SVVR Conference ( Silicon Valley Virtual Reality ) and there is an amazing buzz all around this technology . We have been working with Oculus Rift for the better part of a year now and it just keeps getting better by leaps and bounds . Virtual reality is the ultimate medical device , since total immersion can have profound effects on the human psyche .
Medgadget : Please describe the company culture and structure at BioLucid . What is the ratio of artists to technicians or scientists ?
Jeff Hazelton : The company culture is built around innovation and the pursuit of building products that will help improve people 's lives , we always want to do really cool cutting edge work that is also highly relevant . We have four guiding principles we constantly strive to embody . They are to win with class , be cool , to have focus , and to have passion for what you do . We are comprised mostly of digital artists , and the remainder of the team is split between programmers and scientists . I include our physicians in the science group since they are the ones guiding our knowledge of disease , anatomy , and also much of the pre visualization and concept creation . The reason for the heavy dose of art is because it takes a lot of effort by the art team to reach the aesthetic bar we have set for the visuals . In the end it is the art that also has the most powerful impact . The artistic and technological approach we take is unique . The programmers are the ones who make the magic happen , coding the immersive user experience , and innovative software programming which is also a lot of effort . So to break our production process down we are about 50 % art , 25 % programming , and 25 % science . The team is constantly communicating and collaborating on all aspects of the product .
Medgadget : Your bio includes a Steve Jobs reference of the “ intersection of biology and technology ” that will define innovation in the 21st century . How does BioLucid 's work fit into this movement ?
Jeff Hazelton : It 's a great quote by a great visionary . I ran across it while reading their biography and echoed it in my TED talk , because we are currently standing at this crucial intersection of biology and technology , and witnessing an unprecedented convergence of the two . The quote declared that the greatest innovations of the 21st century would take place at the intersection of biology and technology . We are just seeing the beginning of that now , with wearable biosensors , personalized medicine , genomics , and the concept of the quantified self , all just emerging for the consumer market . As technology improves these are the elements that are creating vast opportunities for innovation . Where BioLucid plays a key role is in the visualization and connection of all these innovations , with our development team constantly enhancing our platform for visual communication . Without a deeper visual understanding , it is much more difficult for these amazing advances to be understood and integrated for the mainstream . If people can not understand the meaning of the data , or their own personal health story , then the behavioral and psychological transition is much more difficult . Let 's face it , we communicate best visually .
Medgadget : Do you work with medical device companies often ? How would your services benefit a medical device startup ?
Jeff Hazelton : We believe that best way for a medical device , medication , or disease to be explained , is through a visual story . We work with companies that are interested in visually integrating their product , technology , or therapy to both physicians and consumers . We are providing tools for health care professionals , and even patients themselves , to communicate visually about health . We 've been in the medical animation field for a very long time , since the beginning , so we are always looking for ways to make this powerful visual medium more accessible . It has always been a challenge for it to break into the mainstream . Using it with funding startups and education has historically presented financial challenges , because of the amount of development effort involved . We are working hard to change that dynamic , and make very high end interactive visual graphics more accessible to all people , as well as companies . So your medical device startup could benefit in this regard from the products we are building now .
Medgadget : Have you encountered medical conditions too complicated to visualize for a patient ?
Jeff Hazelton : We 've been all through the human body and there definitely have been some challenges . The key is that visualization is the great uncomplicator ( if that is a word ) , if done well . A lot of the time it is a visualization that brings complex data into the realm of understanding . When it comes to patient understanding , it really just depends on what level of information they are comfortable digesting . Most of the time we will develop highly detailed environments and applications for physicians . As we get down further and further into the cellular and molecular worlds , and start representing the mechanism of action , molecular pathways , and more complex science , we may have a tendency to lose those without knowledge and training in these areas . Of course the human body and disease is a vast and complex subject , but across the board you can simplify the story with a visual experience .
Medgadget : What tips do you have for the not so artistically inclined physicians and medical device entrepreneurs out there ?
Jeff Hazelton : I would just suggest ( and request ) that they be open minded about the use of personalized health technology in medicine , there are many benefits to its adoption . It is still early , so there can be bad experiences at times with products that have not been well designed or executed , but please keep trying new ones that come along if this happens . There is an exciting frontier just emerging with blending the digital arts and digital health . I , for one , look forward to helping grow the possibilities with this merger of art , science , and technology… with the ultimate goal of improving patient health .
Link : BioLucid Website…
A couple of weeks ago , I went to visit Chuck Close at their beach house on Long Island . The drive there always reminds me of an escape to the Hamptons in reverse . From the aristocratic brownstones of Park Slope , you work your way steadily down the socioeconomic ladder , past the towering Soviet-­style apartment complexes of Coney Island , through strips of pawn shops and gimcrack hotels that give way to rowhouses fronted with plaster statuary , until at last the journey comes to an end at the sun-­beaten waterfront of Long Beach , a haven for cops and firefighters looking to blow off summer steam , where you pay for access to the sand amid a throng of rented umbrellas and creatine-­engorged pectorals , all of which vanish at sundown into a surfeit of bwomp-­bwomping nightclubs along the strip .
If all this sounds like an odd place to find one of the world 's most celebrated painters , a master of the modern portrait whose work is displayed in the great museums , all I can tell you is that pretty much every close friend and relative of Close 's feels the same way . After 30 years of splitting their time between the tony enclaves of Manhattan and Bridgehampton , they have recently set about leaving much of their old life behind : filing for divorce from their wife , Leslie , after 43 years of marriage , disappearing for the winter to live virtually alone in a new apartment on Miami Beach and retreating from their summer friends to the crowded isolation of Long Beach . Even when Close ventures into the city for a gallery opening these days , they will often turn up in some outlandish costume , in fabrics printed with giant starfish and sunflowers , with lipstick smeared across their face and billowing , extravagant scarves .
Over the past year , I have been stopping off to see Close in various homes and apartments up and down the Eastern Seaboard , trying to get a handle on the changes in their life and their connection to their work . On my most recent visit to their beach house , I arrived a few minutes early , and one of their assistants let me in , gesturing toward a staircase that leads to their bedroom and studio . I found Close waiting at the top with a gentle smile . At 76 , it must be said , they are starting to look run-down . Apart from the obvious fact of theirs being restricted to a wheelchair since 1988 , when an arterial collapse left them mostly paralyzed from the neck down , they are also entering that awkward phase in life when bodies degenerate unevenly , so that even as he 's become a little corpulent at the middle , their cheeks are starting to hollow out and their powerful neck to narrow , giving the impression that their shiny bald head and tufted white goatee are elongating with time . What has n't changed , and mercifully so , is that smile . It is the most hopeful , eager , childlike smile a person can imagine . It would not be going too far to say that it can fill and break your heart at once . Another element of lingering beauty about them is the contour of their wrists and hands . Thirty years of muscular atrophy have left them as stretched and sinewy as fine silverwork , and with only the slightest motor control , they tend to hold them perfectly flat , gesturing this way and that with all five fingers at once . The effect is vaguely regal . When they need to pick something up , they will pinch it between the outer edges of their palms , which gives the impression of a man cupping water from a stream .
On this particular morning , they wore a paint-­splattered smock over a white T-shirt and blue pants , swishing a small glass of cappuccino with both hands . After a quick hug and hello , we went outside to a balcony overlooking the water . The morning sun raked over the dune grass , and the beach was just filling with tourists . Close leaned back in their chair to let the light pour onto their face . They looked tan and rested , healthier than I 'd seen them in months , and had been working all morning in the studio behind us on a large self-­portrait that I knew they were excited about .
Following its record annual revenue of more than one billion dollars , Red Hat has announced that it is making a donation of $ 100,000 ( £62,400 ) to `` the future of open source '' . In a post on Red Hat 's opensource.com community site , President and CEO Jim Whitehurst says that the `` a billion dollar milestone is not only a win for Red Hat – it is a victory for open source advocates everywhere , '' adding that the company wanted to give back to honour the open source community .
The donation will be split between four projects which do not benefit , normally , from Red hat 's work : Creative Commons ( CC ) , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , the Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) and UNICEF Innovation Labs . The $ 100,000 award is 0.7 per cent of the company 's annual net profit of $ 146.6 million . Much of Red Hat 's development work is available as open source anyway though , a contribution potentially worth millions of dollars to the community .
See also :
Red Hat 's billion dollar milestone , a feature from The H .
( crve )
The Rio Grande Valley FC Toros were defeated at home by Real Monarchs SLC . Jose Escalante scored the goal for the Toros . Daniel Haber and Chandler Hoffman scored for the Monarchs .
The Toros conceded a goal early in the match . Daniel Haber put Real Monarchs SLC ahead in the 8th minute . Reagan Dunk assisted in the play that found Haber open for the goal . The Toros had an opportunity to find the equalizer in the 15th minute . Jose Escalante was fouled inside the box after dribbling the ball since half field . Unfortunately for the RGV , Connor Sparrow stopped Eric Bird 's penalty shot .
Eric Bird would find another opportunity to score in the 32nd minute . Their volley shot after a cleared free kick , bounced safely into the hands of the goalkeeper . Haber almost doubled the lead in the 40th minute but their shot from a distance hit the crossbar . RGV FC Toros almost pulled one back right before the first half ended . Kyle Murphy headed the ball towards goal but was denied by Sparrow .
Rio Grande Valley started the second half hungry for a goal . Eric Bird enabled TJ Casner inside the box but Real Monarchs SLC 's defense was able to clear the ball . RGV 's Victor Garza denied Haber in the 57th minute , clearing the ball in the line . The Toros were able to tie the game in the 58th minute . Kyle Murphy crossed the ball to Jose Escalante outside the box . Escalante shot the ball first touch and put it past Sparrow .
Francisco Pungo almost scored a goal in their home debut . Pungo found space in front of them and went one-on-one after Eric Bird 's perfectly placed through ball . Max Lachowecki was able to catch up to them and slide to clear the ball as Pungo was taking their shot .
Real Monarchs scored their second goal off a penalty kick in the 78th minute . Chandler Hoffman got the best Marco Carducci and sent them the other way when they took their shot . The Toros almost found an equalizer late in the dying minutes of the game . Bird was not able to get a concrete contact with the ball and their shot rolled right into Sparrow .
The RGV FC Toros outshot Real Monarchs SLC 18 to 9 . Seven of those shots were on target for Rio Grande Valley . The Toros will now go a on a three-game Pacific Northwest trip . They next face Portland Timbers 2 on Saturday , July 29 .
# SOMOS TOROS #
Congress is trying to censor the Internet , again . Only months after SOPA , the Stop Online Piracy Act , was defeated by an online popular uprising , a new bill is quietly working its way through Congress ; a bill that threatens the future of the Internet , a bill that threatens everyone 's digital rights .
CISPA , the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act ( H.R . 3523 ) , is a draconian measure that would allow the feds and other corporate interests to monitor and even censor online activity without due process or even probable cause .
If passed , the legislation would give companies and the government new powers to monitor and censor communications , all in the name of “ cybersecurity. ” In particular , the legislation could be used to silence whistleblower websites like WikiLeaks .
CISPA , H.R . 3523 , is meant “ to provide for the sharing of certain cyber threat intelligence and cyber threat information between the intelligence community and cybersecurity entities , and for other purposes . ”
According to a press release issued last week , the bill already has over 100 congressional co-sponsors . CISPA is currently enjoying wide bi-partisan support , as did SOPA , the Stop Online Piracy Act , and PIPA , the Protect IP Act , which came before .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation , an online advocacy group , reports :
“ ( CISPA ) would let companies spy on users and share private information with the federal government and other companies with near-total immunity from civil and criminal liability . It effectively creates a ‘ cybersecurity ' exemption to all existing laws . ”
Indeed , critics complain the legislation is so broad and vague that almost anything might be monitored and censored in the name of “ cybersecurity. ” Under CISPA , Internet service providers and other companies could be forced to share user data with government agencies and others with apparently no restriction on what can be collected and how it can be used , provided the action is motivated by “ cybersecurity . ”
Such entities as Google , Facebook , Twitter and others would be allowed to intercept your emails and text messages , send copies to one another and to the government , and modify those communications or prevent them from reaching their destination , all in the nebulous name of “ cybersecurity . ”
Here 's the video :
Congress wants to use the threat of “ cybersecurity ” to undermine our digital rights . Tell your lawmakers that we wo n't stand for dangerous , unsupervised information sharing in this bill or any bill like it . Take action . Follow the link to the Electronic Frontier Foundation , and let your Representatives know : Do n't Let Congress Use “ Cybersecurity ” Fears to Erode Digital Rights .
For more political news , information and humor check out Left Coast Lucy on Facebook .
Construction issues have delayed the opening of Mercedes-Benz Stadium for a third time .
Steve Cannon , CEO of Atlanta Falcons parent company AMB Group , said Tuesday that the opening will be pushed back from July 30 , when an Atlanta United soccer match was to have been played in the new stadium , to Aug. 26 , when a Falcons pre-season game is scheduled to be played there .
Stadium delays anger Atlanta United fans
Cannon also confirmed that “ decommissioning ” and demolition of the Georgia Dome have been put on hold “ until we are 100 percent certain of achieving our certificate of occupancy . ”
“ This really does represent an insurance policy , ” they said . “ We do not expect to use the Georgia Dome whatsoever . ”
The $ 1.5 billion retractable-roof stadium was originally scheduled to open on March 1 . That was pushed back to June 1 and then pushed back again to July 30 .
Cannon said the latest delay disclosed Tuesday was driven by “ steel work that is taking longer than we anticipated ” in the roof and an analysis of the construction timeline from this point forward .
They said AMB Group 's expectation is that the roof will be fully operable when the stadium opens .
But Cannon acknowledged that the eight roof petals have required some extra work to make them fit .
“ You install a shim that closes a gap or addresses a gap , ” they said . “ So yes , there was a shimming process that took place , normal seal work on a project of this size and complexity . We have completed all of that work . … It went very well . And now we 're moving on . ”
They said the roof is currently about three-fourths installed and that later Tuesday or Wednesday the plan is to move the petals to the open position and begin installing the “ tips . ”
Cannon said the plan now calls for the stadium to open with Falcons ' pre-season games vs. Arizona on Aug. 26 and vs. Jacksonville on Aug. 31 .
They said the Chick-fil-A Kickoff college-football games Sept. 2 and 4 are still scheduled for the new stadium .
Under the latest revised schedule , Atlanta United 's match previously scheduled for July 30 at Mercedes-Benz Stadium will be played at Georgia Tech 's Bobby Stadium on July 29 . Two Atlanta United games that had been scheduled for Mercedes-Benz Stadium in August will be rescheduled by Major League Soccer for later dates in the new stadium , Cannon said .
Please click here for full story on MyAJC.com .
SEMMES , Alabama -- Minutes before they made the now-controversial strut down the parade route on Wulff Road on Saturday , the Prancing Elites , an all-male dance team from Mobile , stretched and lined up with the other parading groups before they marched .
As the parade began , Kentrell Collins , the group 's leader , recalls an older man who was directing the procession offer what seemed to be last-minute encouragement : `` 'If anybody says anything to you , do n't stop moving , keep going , ' `` Collins said , recalling the event afterward .
Dressed in red and white Santa sweaters and snug white shorts , the four young men performed a routine that entailed a combination of sharp thrusts , swaying and elaborate hip movements . Each member also sported pristine make-up .
Within hours , members of the community in Semmes called parade organizers and posted on social media , most of them in shock . At least one woman demanded an apology , saying they had `` never been so insulted '' in their life . Others wrote that they were disgusted and children should not have been exposed to the dancers .
`` It felt like a regular event , '' said Collins , 26 . `` We were taking a risk , but we always do . ''
The group dances in a style called J-Setting , a hip-hop-style dance characterized by cheerleading-style sharp movements that originated at Jackson State University in Jackson , Miss . The dance style was historically performed by women since the 1970s , but some men started taking part in the style in the mid-1990s .
The Prancing Elites , who recently danced their way into viral fame , first started in 2004 , with Collins filling the role as the group 's captain in 2006 . They started out as a 10-member ensemble with rigorous practices and performance schedules . Today there are only five members -- Collins , Adrian Clemons , 23 , Jerel Maddox , 23 , Kareem Davis , 22 , and Timothy Smith , 22 -- all from Mobile and Baldwin counties .
Three of them played instruments and one was a drum major in their high school bands . They wanted to join the dance squads , but said they were never allowed .
In July , they appeared on `` The Real , '' a daytime talk show hosted by Tamar Braxton , Loni Love , Adrienne Bailon , Jeannie Mai and Tamera Mowry-Housley . They were also invited to speak on the Tom Joyner Morning Show . And in November they auditioned for America 's Got Talent .
All this fame was precipitated by a tweet in June from basketball star Shaquille O'Neal , who saw a video of them dancing on YouTube . The video went viral in two days , garnering about 200,000 views .
The parade route , a 1.7-mile stretch along Wulff and Moffett Roads in west Mobile County , was filled with quiet outrage . Organizers were equally taken aback .
`` I had no idea that they would be dressed the way they were and that they would think it 's appropriate for a community Christmas parade , '' said Karen McDuffie , who accepted applications for the event . `` Their costumes and the style of dancing were inappropriate . ''
McDuffie , who is on the board of directors of the Friends of Semmes , the group that created the parade , said the Prancing Elites ' moves were `` vulgar '' and `` not appropriate for a children 's Christmas parade , '' before apologizing on behalf of the organization .
They said they received calls from dismayed parents , warning them that they would not attend next year if the group performed again .
Jack Tillman , another board member and organizer , said they noticed the men strip down from their sweatsuits during the parade lineup .
`` Once they got in , it would have been a mess trying to get them removed -- so I just let them go , '' Tillman said . `` To tell you the truth , I did n't think much about it . I did n't particularly like it , but there was n't much I could do . ''
Collins , the dance group 's leader , said the response exposes a double standard .
`` We are no different than any team out there dancing . We want people to stop looking at gender and focus on the talent , '' they said . `` It 's OK for a woman to put on tights and play football , but when a man wants to put on a leotard and tights , it 's a problem . ''
The group is slated to perform in several upcoming Mardi Gras parades in Mobile , and there is talk of appearing on a reality show in the near future .
Suzanne Massingill , a talent agent in Mobile who advises the Prancing Elites , said the group was excited when parade organizers asked them to be in the parade . `` They thought that they knew who they were and had seen them on YouTube , '' Massingill said , referring to McDuffie of the Friends of Semmes .
Sitting on a bench at the University of South Alabama after the parade , group member Kareem Davis admitted they felt a bit uncomfortable when they first got to Semmes and they noticed people staring . Davis , 23 , and their teammates were waiting for dance extras to come audition for Mardi Gras events later Saturday evening .
`` I was trying to ( have ) tunnel vision , '' Davis said . `` It takes a lot to do what we do . ''
( Reporter Michael Finch II contributed to the story . )
Programming with PerlQt
PerlQt is a very fast and easy way to create great looking GUI programs using the Qt drag and drop form designer and Perl . PerlQt is powerful enough for advanced developers and easy for beginners as well .
This Wiki site is intended for people of all skill levels that want a quick way to get started programing with PerlQt . Please contact us and let us know how we can make this site help you better .
Radados.org developers have created a PerlQt project manager that makes it very easy to learn the starting steps of computer programming by reducing the complex steps of project creation to a few simple buttons . This tool does not teach anyone how to program in Perl or C++ with Qt but it does enable users to explore their possibilities with out feeling intimidated by the complexities that PerlQt is handling for them automatically in the background .
This Wiki site was setup to help you learn how to program in PerlQt .
New to programming then start here
New to Perl then start here
Installing the PerlQt project manager from Radados.org
Overview of the PerlQt project manager from Radados.org
PerlQt Forms what are they and how to design them
Signals and Slots how to use them to connect events to actions
Download working examples of projects
New Stuff
Watch the video tutorial on installing and programming with PerlQt on Linux Mint
For a detailed list of what 's new please see Recent changes .
Example projects are now hosted on http : //PerlQt.wikidot.com for
faster bandwidth and better access for everyone . Database connections to MySQL and PostgreSQL have a new example program . VeSql !
Take a look at the Database connections section .
Links
Alternatives to PerlQt
PyQt Python with Qt
QtRuby Ruby with Qt
wxPerl Perl with wxWidgets
Perl/Tk Perl with Tk/Tcl
Perl Curses for terminal user interfaces
Interesting Links
Perl - The Swiss-Army chainsaw of programming .
The Tel Aviv-based firm Toledano + architects designed the Duplex Penthouse complete with a surrounding roof terrace . The project scope called for a complete renovation where the focus was to create a sense of privacy between the parent 's and children 's areas , while designing the living spaces to be large and spacious . Places for gatherings and bringing the sunlight inside was also key .
The design incorporated modular ideas , like sliding doors , a hidden bar within a bookcase , a folding metal table , and a front entrance opening in two different ways , allowing each space to serve different functions .
To create a cohesive , modern interior , the designers used wood , concrete , and black metal throughout .
The ever-changing natural light creates graphic shadows from the hanging metal stairs and the crossed metal “ strings ” that help support it .
The playful kids room looks just like every child 's dream with a loft-like house , an integrated desk , a blackboard , bookshelves , and cool beds .
The strings from the stairs create a strong visual element within the kitchen area . They remind us a bit of this staircase .
Just off the kitchen area is a large terrace that extends the living space to the outdoors , since Tel Aviv has warm weather for about 9-10 months out of the year .
Photos by Oded Smadar .
For the latest installment of the Slate podcast Lexicon Valley , I take a look at the peculiar history of the word pumpernickel — a kind of German bread with an origin that turns out to be downright devilish .
Pumpernickel , the name of a dark rye bread from the Westphalia region of Germany , has attracted more than its fair share of folk etymologies . One popular story involves Napoleon and their horse . Supposedly , when Napoleon was in Westphalia while invading Germany , they were served the local brown bread , and responded that the bread was only good for their horse Nicol ( short for `` Nicholas '' ) . One version has them exclaiming `` C'est du pain pour Nicol ! '' ( `` That is bread for Nicol ! `` ) , while in another variant of the tale , they shout , `` C'est bon pour Nicol ! '' ( `` That is good for Nicol ! '' )
The story that the bread was only good for a horse named Nicol actually predates Napoleon . In fact , the very first English-language appearance of pumpernickel in 1738 ( before Napoleon was even born ) gives the bon pour Nicol derivation . Thomas Lediard describes the bread in The German Spy , a book presented as a series of letters `` written by a Gentleman on their Travels to their Friend in England . '' Lediard had spent their early career in Hamburg and was well-versed in German culture , though they play with the epistolary form to embellish on their experiences . In the first letter , the `` gentleman '' recounts staying the night in a dirt-poor village in Westphalia :
During our Supper , having heard of a Sort of Bread , which is their chief Food in this Country , called Pompernickel , I had the Curiosity to call for a Slice of it , which being hewed with a Hatchet , from a large Loaf of at least a Bushel , was accordingly served , on a wooden Trencher , with great Form : But I had enough of the Looks of it , not to be tempted to taste it . The Colour of it is a dark brown , pretty near approaching to Black , and by the Hew , one would take it to be a Compound of some very filthy Materials . Upon Enquiry , I found it was made of Rye , coarsely ground , with all the Bran left in it , and that there had not been the greatest Care taken , to sever it from the Pieces of Straw , Hair , and other Nastiness , which had been swept with the Corn from the threshing Floor .
After that less-than-appetizing description comes the folk-etymological explanation :
I was curious to know the Etymology of the strange Name they gave it ; but my Enquiry out-reached the Sphere of our Landlord 's Knowledge , and I had remained in Ignorance of this important Secret , had not a Fellow , who took Care to inform us they were the School-master of the Village , laid down their Inch of Pipe , and solv 'd the Matter , in the following Manner : `` A Frenchman ( said he ) travelling thro ' this Country , and asking for Bread , had a Slice of this ( for we have no other ) Sort , presented him ; Upon which they cried out ca est bon pour Nicol ( or , as our Parish-Priest interprets it , that is good for Nicholas ) a Name , it seems , they had given their Horse ; which Words , in Imitation of our Betters , we have engrafted into our Language , and thence produced the barbarous Word Pompernickel . ''
The bon pour Nicol story evidently originated as a seventeenth-century German joke that got taken seriously somewhere along the way . But back then , pumpernickel had a range of other meanings in German before getting attached to the Westphalian bread . As the eminent etymologist Anatoly Liberman explains on OUPblog , Pumpernickel was a name given to a man or child who was short and fat , and it was also a mischievous figure in German folklore . As Liberman puts it , Pumpernickel `` emerges as a vulgar clown , a prankster , the hero of drunks and whores , a figure typical of low popular culture . ''
And it turns out the true origin of pumpernickel is even more colorful than the story of Napoleon 's horse . Pumpern is a German verb meaning `` to fart , '' and Nickel , like Old Nick in English , was a name for the devil , so it actually breaks down as `` farting devil . '' The metal nickel shares in this diabolical genealogy , since it was originally called kupfernickel ( `` copper devil '' ) by a mineralogist who was having a devil of a time extracting copper ore before realizing they were dealing with a new metallic element .
The bread likely began to be called pumpernickel , according to Liberman , towards the end of the harsh Thirty Years ' War by German soldiers who had to eat this peasant bread from Westphalia as part of their rations . The indigestion that they suffered would make the `` farting devil '' appellation all too appropriate . Fortunately , though the name stuck , pumpernickel bread evolved into something much more palatable !
Sony is n't doing all that well in the smartphone market these days . The company has issues turning profit in that sector while it is doing just fine , if not great , in other parts of the industry . Sony had to cut costs multiple times by now and it is still constantly losing money . This Japanese tech giant said a while ago that it will focus on high-end smartphones and that it will leave Chinese market , it is obvious that Sony 's relatively high prices for their low-mid range models are simply not selling as they should . I 'm not saying their prices are extremely high , but they 're somewhat higher than the competition and it seems Sony will try a different approach . We all know that the Xperia Z series is Sony 's crown jewel as far as smartphones go , the company has released the Xperia Z3 only a few months ago and we 've already seen some leaks of the Xperia Z4 , more on that later .
This time around we have some fresh new info regarding an alleged Xperia Z4 's component , coming straight from China . If you take a look at the image below this article you 'll notice a document mentioning IMX189AEG CMOS image sensor and its specifications . According to the report this sensor might be used in Sony 's upcoming Xperia Z4 handset . According to the document , this will be world 's first high-speed and high-sensitivity CMOS image sensor with active pixel color sampling . This sensor will support 2K video imaging ( 2048 x 1080 , 16,000 frame/s ) and a high-speed 4K video mode ( 6144 x 2160 , 240 frame/s ) . Check out its full specifications in the image down below the article .
There 's no way we can actually confirm any of this , but if the leak is legit , this could be a rather significant addition to the Z4 smartphone . Previous leak ( from October ) said that the Xperia Z4 will feature Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 810 64-bit octa-core processor , a Quad HD display and amplified stereo speakers , while 4GB of RAM was also mentioned . It 's a bit early to tell , but if this ends up being true , Sony Xperia Z4 will be a real beast of a device . Thoughts ?
On Wednesday afternoon , an enraged Adam Schiff went on television to lash out at fellow House Intelligence Committee member Devin Nunes , for their handling of the committee 's investigation into Russia 's involvement in the 2016 election . ( Earlier that day , Nunes had presented Donald Trump with related information without first briefing other members of the committee . ) “ There is more than circumstantial evidence now ” that the Trump campaign colluded with Russians , Schiff told MSNBC .
We may have a hint of what that non-circumstantial evidence is . On Wednesday evening , CNN published a bombshell—a vague bombshell but a bombshell nonetheless—alleging that the FBI has evidence suggesting coordination between members of the Trump campaign and Russian officials in the release of “ information damaging to Hillary Clinton 's campaign . ”
While this is a very big deal indeed , the report is thin on actual details and heavily caveated . It is not clear which Trump campaign officials were allegedly speaking to Russian officials ( Carter Page , Paul Manafort , Roger Stone , and Michael Flynn are all being investigated ) . We do n't know the roles the Russian officials held , or even what the damaging information was , though it is presumably the information leaked by Guccifer 2.0 , the entity that hacked the Democratic National Committee . It 's also unclear if Trump campaign officials knew they were speaking to Russian officials , or if the campaign was unwittingly infiltrated .
Still , this report looks bad . It suggests that evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials may exist , something that Trump lackeys have been denying for months . And collusion is serious enough that it could bring down this administration . Even a vague report like this is a very bad omen for the future of the Trump presidency .
At the very least , it 's hard not to see this leak as being retaliation for Nunes 's weird and unethical freelancing earlier in the day . Russia is , as Nunes put it , “ a big gray cloud ” over the administration . This report only makes that cloud bigger and grayer .
Blackwater gunboats will protect ships from pirates BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The American security company Blackwater is planning to cash in on the rising threat of piracy on the high seas by launching a flotilla of gunboats for hire by the shipping companies . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/blackwater-gunboats-will-protect-ships-from-pirates-28455027.html
Email
The American security company Blackwater is planning to cash in on the rising threat of piracy on the high seas by launching a flotilla of gunboats for hire by the shipping companies .
The firm , which gained international notoriety when its staff killed civilians in Iraq , has already equipped one vessel , called The McArthur , which will carry up to 40 armed guards and have a landing pad for an attack helicopter .
The McArthur , a former survey ship , arrives in the Gulf of Aden , the scene of the recent high-profile hijackings and shootouts with Somali pirates , at the end of the year . It is to be joined by three or four similar vessels over next year to form the company 's private navy .
Blackwater , which has strong ties with the Republican administration in Washington , was the subject of investigations by the US Congress and the Iraqi government after its guards shot dead 17 people in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square last year , a massacre which led directly to changes in law regarding security contractors in Iraq .
Several security companies are rushing to the region despite the presence of British , American , Russian and Indian naval warships , among others , sent to protect ships . For fees ranging from £8,000 to £12,000 for transits of three and five days , companies are offering teams of unarmed guards , `` non-lethal deck security personnel '' .
With more than 60 ships attacked in the Gulf and ship-owners paying an estimated £75m in ransom for the return of crew and cargo , the security companies foresee a lucrative business .
One US company , Hollowpoint Protective Services , says it is offering a comprehensive service of hostage negotiations backed by armed rescue operations if the talks fail . Eos , a British concern , says it favours a `` non-lethal '' approach with the use of sophisticated laser , microwave and acoustical devices . But Blackwater plans to have the largest and most heavily armed presence among the security contractors . The company believes that the presence of escorting gunboats will have a deterrent effect , with criminal gangs being forced to switch to more vulnerable targets .
A Blackwater spokesperson , Anne Tyrrell , said there have already been about 15 inquiries about its anti-piracy service . The company refused to reveal how much it will charge . Its executive vice-president , Bill Matthews , said the US Navy and the Royal Navy do not have the resources in the region to provide total security , opening up a role for companies such as his . They added : `` While there are temporary needs that perhaps outpaces the limited resources of the Department of Defence [ Washington ] and the Ministry of Defence [ London ] , the private sector is available to fill those gaps .
`` We have been contacted by ship-owners who say they need our help in making sure goods get to their destination . The McArthur can help us accomplish that . We have not sought to enter the space until recently . It was not part of our business plan . But as the world changes , so does our business plan . ''
Nick Davis , a former British Army pilot who runs a company in Poole called Anti-Piracy Maritime Security Solutions , said : `` It frightens me that Blackwater is going down there . Their background is not in deterrence . Their background is in weapons . To me , the best people to be armed are the military . Pirates might approach McArthur without knowing it 's a Blackwater boat and try to hijack it . ''
Chris Austen , chief executive of Maritime & Underwater Security Consultants , in London , said ship-owners should be cautious about armed guards . `` There are some flags that prohibit the carriage of arms or the use of violence . There are some insurers that will not accept it , and your insurance will be void . ''
Guns for hire : The violent option
The massacre on Baghdad 's `` Bloody Sunday '' became a lethal symbol of the aggression with which Blackwater 's private army carried out its mission in Iraq . I saw the deadly result of panicked security guards opening fire at a crowded Nisoor Square in the city centre . Round after round mowed down terrified men , women and children . At the end of the shooting spree , 17 people were dead and 20 injured . The killings sparked one of the most bitter and public disputes between the Iraqi government and its American patrons , and brought into focus the often violent conduct of the Western security companies – and that of Blackwater in particular . Operating in Iraq since the 2003 invasion , they were immune from scrutiny or prosecution . This was the seventh shooting of civilians involving Blackwater . The company 's reputation in Iraq was particularly controversial . After Nisoor Square , the Iraqi government threatened to expel Blackwater . But it was forced to let the company operate again under pressure from Washington .
Kim Sengupta
Belfast Telegraph
“ Barbaric Proclivity ” is the seventh track on the first Skinless album in eight years . Re-arrange those three digits , and you get 187 , numbers which denote , of course , homicide . Coincidence ? ! ? ! Probably . But it certainly seems appropriate : the band 's new album is called Only the Ruthless Remain , but calling this song “ ruthless ” does n't even do it justice . This track is straight-up BLOODTHIRSTY.If you played it for one of rage-zombies in the movie 28 Days Later , they 'd be like , “ Whoa , too harsh , bruh ! Chill ! ” It will grab you by your waist and squeeze your innards out of your mouth like so much toothpaste . It is all the proof anyone ought to need that the nearly-decade-long wait for a new Skinless album was worth the wait .
Which is why we 're so stoked to be debuting it on MetalSucks today ! You can bang it below . Make sure you play it for someone really special in your life , too — y'know , the person you really would kill if you knew you could get away with it . It 'll really get those intimate feelings across !
Only the Ruthless Remain comes out June 2 on Relapse . Pre-order it here .
Smarter Smart Windows
Researchers from the Institute for Research in Electronics and Applied Physics , University of Maryland designed smart windows that can harness solar energy as well as adjust to either allow or block light using a switch . The solar smart window not only uses the solar energy to power itself up but can also store energy for powering other devices .
The technology uses a polymer matrix imbued with microdroplets of liquid crystals and an amorphous silicon layer like those in solar cells . These are then sandwiched in between glass panes .
When turned off , the liquid crystals disperse light , making the window opaque as the silicon absorbs solar energy—which it will later use for powering itself up . These liquid crystals adjust when turned on , allowing light to pass through .
Privacy Control and Energy Efficiency
The ingenious thing is that even when turned on , the window remains opaque when viewed from certain angles . This means that some light is still absorbed and the window is partially charging while simultaneously allowing light in , maximizing the window 's energy absorption and efficiency .
New York imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin were shot in the back of the head Saturday as they left mosque .
Trump was blamed .
Police later released a sketch of the suspected killer – a tall Hispanic man wearing a dark blue shirt and shorts .
The Independent reported :
The attack happened in broad daylight shortly before 2pm , one block away from the mosque . Police said on Sunday the gunman remained at large .
Police say the man had dark hair and a medium complexion . They were been bearded and was wearing glasses at the time of the attack .
No motive for the killings has yet been established by investigators , but worshippers and community members in Queens said the killings were hate crimes…
…City Hall issued a statement : “ While it is too early to tell what led to these murders , it is certain that the NYPD will stop at nothing to ensure justice is served . ”
Another local said the rhetoric of the Republican nominee , Donald Trump , was responsible for the attack . “ That 's not what America is about , ” Khairul Islam , 33 , told New York Daily News . “ We blame Donald Trump for this… Trump and their drama have created Islamophobia . ”
SNc Channels :
Search
About Salem-News.com
Dec-21-2009 11:07 TweetFollow @ OregonNews Michigan Leading the Way for Veterans and Medical Cannabis The very serious problem for veteran patients who qualify for the MI State Medical Marijuana Program , is that they are caught in a `` Catch-22 '' trap .
Courtesy : michiganmedicalmarijuana.org
( DETROIT , Mich. ) - Michigan citizens demonstrated overwhelming support for medical cannabis in the November election in 2008 . Since then , three VA Medical Center directors , with the determination by the VA Regional General Counsel , have made the use of medical cannabis an acceptable adjunct therapy . These are three VA Directors that we all need to thank ... out of the approximately 150 VA medical center directors in the U.S. , only Michigan VA has done this . Michigan 's veteran patients are very grateful to our VA Directors for their compassionate , rational decision to allow the responsible use of medical cannabis . Over the past 10 years I have been discussing the medical value of cannabis with many VA doctors in several states , and most of them say they support it , and they wish they could prescribe it to some of their own veteran patients . Unfortunately , the DEA recently advised the Veterans Administration that a physician who acts with the specific intent to provide the means by which his/her patient may obtain marijuana does so in violation of the Controlled Substances Act and is subject to its enforcement provisions . As a service connected disabled veteran , I have used cannabis medically , on and off , for various conditions I live with , such as some of the symptoms of chronic Post Traumatic Stress Disorder , commonly referred to as PTSD . Over the past several years , while I was the executive director of Veterans for Medical Marijuana Access ( VMMA ) , hundreds of veteran patients have thanked me for my work helping them get the VA directors in Michigan to change the rules for us . This has brought a tremendous positive effect on the quality of our lives here in Michigan . According to the U.S. Census , there are more than 5,000 veterans here in Kalamazoo County alone , and approximately 900,000 veterans in the state of Michigan . All of these veterans deserve the right to use medical cannabis as patients in Michigan 's VA medical centers , just as thousands of non-veterans are allowed to use it in our state . Why would any level of government want to deny veterans the same opportunities as everyone else ? Yes , it is controversial at this time , and opposed by some , but I say `` so what ? '' If it helps some of us , and it does , allow us to have it . The science community continues to do research around the world showing the positive effects cannabis can have as a medicine . Now , if the politicians and doctors would only catch up with the science , we could resolve many questions more easily , and get on with the research in the United States . I simply can not understand , this day , and at this time , what it is about the irrational fear that overtakes their sometimes rational minds . I am very grateful for those who have had the courage to open their minds , and change their opposition to support . At this point in time we veterans would like to express our thanks to our U.S. member of congress , Fred Upton , for finally seeing the medical value of cannabis and stating in two letters to me that they will now support it in the U.S. Congress . The very serious problem for veteran patients who qualify for the MI State Medical Marijuana Program , is that they are caught in a `` Catch-22 '' trap . The VA doctors are prevented from signing the MI State forms for their veteran patients by the DEA . At the same time , here in Kalamazoo and Portage , there is not ONE doctor who will sign veterans MI State forms , even though they are totally protected by the law . The doctors apparently are not at all patriotic , and have no interest in helping us veterans . They seriously need to think about their irrational fear , or ignorance of the law . It also appears they need a lesson on compassion , beyond their self interests . Why did they become doctors ? And did they all forget “ do no harm ” ? You are harming veterans , by not helping them . Martin H. Chilcutt , founder of the VMMA , and now on their Advisory Board .
Marijuana | Medical marijuana | Most Commented on
Articles for December 20 , 2009 | Articles for December 21 , 2009 | Articles for December 22 , 2009
It 's in a quiet residential street off Oodgeroo Avenue . Players will normally come in through the back gate , but they 're still doing a bit of work in the yard when we visit , so we meet Krajacic and Mount in the cool , tiled living room , where a black bookcase is filled with row upon row of board games and thriller novels . Jesse Mount and Chris Krajacic in the Riddle Room Credit : Jamila Toderas They start with a quick briefing - showing us how all the different combination locks work in the game , telling us what 's off limits in the room ( do n't break things ) , and warning us to communicate and follow the clues in order . Krajacic and Mount also tell us how to signal that you need to stop the game . Although you 're locked in , there 's still an emergency exit and you 'll be able to get out if you really , really need to . You 'll just fail the game . Then we 're blindfolded and led into the Riddle Room , clutching each other by the hand so we do n't fall over . One of us is wearing a blindfold with two green lolcat ears on it ( okay , it 's me ) . It is very , very dark . We lose Tristan . Jamila and I stand in a corner with our blindfolds on , while a booming voice tells us the ( fictional ) `` backstory '' of the room . The idea is that we 're in a young woman 's subconscious and we have to find our way through their nightmares - Inception crossed with a Victorian horror novel . The voice fades , we pull off our blindfolds and the clock starts ticking .
We 're in a small dark study , its walls lined with creepy photographs . We can hear Tristan calling us from behind a door where he 's locked in another room . On the desk is our first clue . Tips on surviving the Riddle Room in Canberra Jamila and I start looking through the desk and exploring the room , getting up close and personal with some books , some dark , funny shaped ornaments , and the door where Tristan is imprisoned . It takes way too long to free Tristan from their prison but once he 's out we can start pulling the rest of the clues together , finding more keys to open locked drawers and cabinets , where we find more clues . We unlock one box and are rewarded with a set of torches - which I use to examine the photographs on the wall more closely . Bad move - they 're too eerie , ghostly faces slyly peeking out at the back of family portraits , a group shot of formally dressed people wearing gas masks . `` This one 's a famous photo , '' Jamila says , shining their torch on it . `` I 've seen it before . '' Tristan shines their torch down one end of the room and discovers a new clue . You really need to bring your brain to the Riddle Room . The clues combine wordplay , codes , and number puzzles . Break a code and you might get the combination key to a lock which in turn provides you with another puzzle . Luckily , the disembodied voice calls out cryptic hints , nudging us towards the answers when we take a wrong turn .
And we make so many wrong turns , some of which lead to chaos . Something happens which leaves all three of us - Jamila , Tristan and I - standing in the dark screaming . Another time , I find myself shining a blue light torch onto a piece of cloth , making a very inappropriate CSI joke . And inevitably , there comes a point when Jamila and I say , `` I 'm not putting my hand in there . '' There is really no OH & S training that can ever prepare you for an escape room . Finally , we pop out of the room and into freedom , which in this case is the glowing , red-lit control room where Krajacic and Mount supervise the players and track their progress through the game . Because we had such a slow start we do n't make it out within the hour . With great kindness , Krajacic and Mount assure us that we 're not the slowest people to go through the Riddle Room in testing . `` The fastest person did it in under an hour - but they own an escape room in Sydney , '' Mount says with a smile . They take us through the puzzle step by step ( `` so there was one bit where you had the answer , but then you got distracted '' ) . And while we were screaming , they were giggling on the other side of a wall . With the overhead lights switched on , it becomes pretty clear that the Riddle Room is a masterpiece of ingenuity . Let 's remind ourselves - this is something two guys built by themselves in a garage in north Canberra . `` It 's a labour of love , '' Krajacic says . But there are huge moving parts , switches and triggers that only work if every bit of a puzzle is in exactly the right order , elaborate set pieces that utilise sound , vision and more . The Riddle Room is a challenge . But it is also extremely fun . Take your friends . The Riddle Room . $ 35- $ 39 . See riddleroom.com.au
The state government has changed its plans for INS Viraat , the aircraft carrier the Indian Navy decommissioned earlier this year . It now wants a part of it to be converted in to a naval museum that will be located at Vasai creek near Mumbai and use the rest of the warship for events . The state has sent a letter to the defence ministry for permission to implement decision .
The state tourism department is working on the idea to turn this plan in to a reality . The state is also planning to promote e-vehicles at the tourist destinations in the state .
As per the old plans , the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation ( MTDC ) , wanted to tow the warship to Konkan coast and sink it and turn it into an underwater destination . All over the world , ‘ wreck diving ' is a major attraction for scuba divers .
State tourism minister Jaykumar Rawal said people are emotionally attached with the aircraft carrier and so the idea of sinking it would not go down well . “ Considering this , we now want it to be used for multiple purposes . We want part of the warship to be converted in to a naval museum and use the rest for organising big tourism events , ” Rawal told HT .
Like other states such as Andhra Pradesh and Kerala , Maharashtra too wants INS Viraat , the majestic aircraft carrier , to be converted in to a museum . The state wants it to park at Vasai creek close to Mumbai .
“ Parking INS Viraat in Mumbai would have been very expensive for the state . So it will be placed at Vasai creek as it is close to the city , where there is sea coast to help us develop it as a major tourist attraction , ” the tourism minister said .
About e-vehicles , Rawal said designated zones will be developed where no other private vehicle except e-vehicles will be allowed to ply . “ This will enable the government to preserve nature in its original form and protect environment , ” they said . Currently , Matheran does not allow any vehicles . Only bicycles and horses are used for transport there .
First Published : Sep 28 , 2017 00:32 IST
Fox News uses misleading statistics to push an authoritarian agenda Police officer deaths tragically rose this year — mostly because of accidents , not violence . Fox omitted that fact
Fox News ran a headline on Wednesday that seemed to imply that violence against law enforcement was growing throughout the country . `` Police Officer Deaths on Duty Have Jumped Nearly 20 Percent in 2017 , '' the headline read . `` The figures suggest a grim trend ; 2016 was the deadliest year for police in 5 years , '' Fox News wrote , then quoted the national spokesperson of pro-police activist group Blue Lives Matter as suggesting that there was `` growing violence against law enforcement . ''
The problem with this narrative ? It 's not true .
Advertisement :
While police deaths are incredibly tragic and preventable , the statistics that violent attacks on police have risen in the past few years does n't square with statistics . Misusing statistics , to suggest that violence against police is rising , furthers Fox News ' authoritarian , fearmongering , and subtly racist conservative narrative . Moreover , the number of police officer deaths per capita — a more relevant statistic , as it considers population changes — declined by 70 % from 1980 to 2013 , according to a BBC report .
In their article , Fox News cites The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund ( NLEOMF ) , which measured all officer fatalities from January 1 , 2016 to July 6 , 2016 and compared them to the period between January 1 , 2017 and July 7 , 2017 . True , total fatalities have risen by 10 , from 57 in 2016 to 67 this year .
However , Fox omitted that the increase in police deaths is largely a result of non-violent tragic accidents . There was a 17 percent increase in `` traffic-related '' deaths ( four more officers died this year than last ) , and a 33 percent increase in deaths from `` other causes . '' In the NLEOMF list , `` other causes '' includes `` aircraft crash , drowning , electrocution , fall , fire-related incident , job related illness , and poison . ''
Yet Blue Lives Matter spokesperson Randy Sutton told Fox News unequivocally that this increase was due to violent rampages against police officers .
`` People now are more willing to engage the police in combat , '' Sutton told Fox News . `` Part of the war on cops [ is ] the failure of police leadership to step up to the place and not acquiesce to political considerations when it comes to the safety of police officers . ''
`` The other part of the war on cops is the failure of the media to post anything positive about police . All they do is put up damaging stories and spin much of that into a narrative that is false and perpetuates a distorted narrative , '' they continued .
Advertisement :
Yet only two more cops were killed by firearms this year than last year , the stats show . The rise — from 22 to 24 — represents a 9 percent increase . With that small of a sample size , the number is n't necessarily statistically significant nor hints at a trend .
University of Southern California law professor and former police officer Seth Stoughton warned of those who try to warp statistics to infer an increase in violence against police . Quoted in the BBC , Stoughton said :
`` There 's a widespread perception in the American public , and particularly within law enforcement , that officers are more threatened , more endangered , more often assaulted , and more often killed than they have been historically . . . . I think it 's a very strong perception . People truly believe it . But factually , looking at the numbers , it 's not accurate . ''
The Fox report was topical to the tragic murder on Wednesday of New York City police officer Miosotis Familia . But to twist it into a narrative that violence against law enforcement is growing is dangerous , especially given the post–Bush era increase in police militarization , and the growing crackdown against protestors . Last year , private security firms like TigerSwan conducted widespread surveillance and used counterterrorism tactics against Dakota Access Pipeline protesters .
While the 66 officers that were shot and killed in 2016 is a five-year high , the numbers often fluctuate . CNN reported that 2015 was one of the safest years for officers on record . And in 2007 , 70 officers were shot and killed . In 2011 , 73 were killed , according to the NLEOMF . Using statistics from 2007 up to this point in 2017 , roughly 561 officers have been tragically killed as a result of firearms over that 10-year period .
Advertisement :
This pales in comparison to deaths at the hands of police : American police are currently on track to kill 1,000 people in 2017 , for the third year in a row . And blacks are still 2.5 times more likely than whites to be killed by police . Highlighting police deaths is n't mutually exclusive to highlighting victims of police violence : both are tragedies .
First True Fire Emblem `` sequel '' ( from Path of Radiance )
This game is the 10th installment of the Fire Emblem series . The Fire Emblem series is well known as one of the best turn based strategy series . Only four of the ten games have been released in the United State . What makes this game different from the other Fire Emblem games is that it is the first true sequel . All the other games kept the same basic game play but had a different storyline and characters . In Radiant Dawn , it is a continuation of Fire Emblem : Path of Radiance . This game keeps the same general game play . You take a select amount of characters onto a battle field . You move them over a grid to combat your opponents . You use the terrain to your advantage as well as support between characters such as healing or rescuing . There are also many talents that can be assigned to characters in between levels that give them randomly activated skills during combat . There is one way Radiant Dawn strays from the usual set up . Instead of controlling one group , your characters are split between two armies . After a certain point in the game the armies combine and allow you to divide them into three groups . Overall , the game play can be very challenging on certain levels . The story in Radiant Dawn can be very captivating . It 's highly recommended that you play Path of Radiance for the Gamecube before playing the Wii game . Although you can learn the game you will not have an understanding of many of the characters . This game tells you little about the characters and their background because you are expected to have played the other . However , you do n't have to have played Path of Radiance to understand the basic story . Overall this game is one of the best for the Wii right now . It is perfect for anyone that loves strategy games . It also offers a challenge to anyone looking for a fun game.Read full review
Though season three saw the loss of Allison ( Crystal Reed ) , the show 's female lead , fans can expect to see a whole lot more of Hennig 's Malia and Cho 's Kira in season four . `` One of the things that I really like in season four is the friendship developing between Kira , Malia and Lydia ( Roden ) , '' execitive producer Jeff Davis recently told us . `` We have this trio of girls who are becoming a very powerful part of the show , which is just awesome . ''
And while Daniel Sharman also exited the series , asking to be written off to pursue other opportunities ( he 's set to join The Originals next season , which we exclusively reported ) , expect to fall in love with Sprayberry 's Liam , a cocky new lacrosse player at Beacon Hills High .
`` Tyler [ Posey ] and Dylan [ O'Brien ] are in love with [ Sprayberry ] , '' Davis gushed . `` They have some really great scenes together , so I 'm really hopeful that fans like them as much as we like him . He 's such a good kid and he 's a great actor . ''
Teen Wolf returns for its fourth season on June 23 on MTV .
If you look carefully at the Google I/O 2009 sessions page , you 'll see this session listed :
Offline processing on App Engine : a look ahead App Engine was designed to run request-driven web applications , although this will change in the coming year with the release of a number of offline computing components . In this session , we 'll explore the task queue/executor model of computation and some of the more interesting applications .
While I am under NDA with the App Engine team for some things , this was quite an unexpected thing to look forward to !
A lot of applications can benefit from offline processing components ; from message queue processing to game simulation .
In other words : Games , Instant messaging , and Micro messaging types of applications will be possible with App Engine sometime during this year ( which is not to say necessarily launching at Google I/O ) . 2009′s going to be very interesting .
Technorati Tags : Google App Engine , Google I/O , message queues , instant messaging , micro messaging
The next time your bartender seems too serious , remember that they have nothing on the 18th-century British artist and satirist William Hogarth , for whom beer and gin were symbols of life and death . Consider Hogarth 's engravings “ Beer Street ” and “ Gin Lane. ” In the former , well-fed men hoist mugs of what an accompanying poem calls the “ happy Produce of our Isle. ” The latter , a streetscape strewn with corpses , seems to prefigure the 2009 novel “ Pride and Prejudice and Zombies . ”
Of course , Hogarth probably did n't know that beer historically has had a lot in common with the drink that “ Gin Lane ” calls a “ cursed Fiend ” : Early beer styles , such as British gruits and Scandinavian sahtis , relied on botanicals including heather and juniper . And they could n't have known that beer and gin , centuries after their death , would converge yet again . Craft brewers , empowered by the rise of barrel-aged gins and inspired by ancient ales , have been blurring the lines between beer and spirit , whether by aging beer in gin barrels or incorporating characteristic botanicals . Some recipes are powerfully ginlike ; others are merely suggestive , with traces of herbs or citrus . If they are fiendish at all , they are fiendishly creative — or fiendishly good .
“ We were just shocked at the aroma profile of these barrels , ” says Alex Ganum , owner and brewer at Oregon 's Upright Brewing , which released an apricot ale aged in Ransom Old Tom Gin barrels as its first-anniversary beer , in 2010 . “ Bright , complex , just layer after layer . The spirit notes and the oak on top of it : It was kind of like a dream . ”
Ganum liked the result so much that they decided to release it annually , and they have also experimented with botanicals and ginlike flavors in other beers , such as Special Herbs , a gruit laced with lemon grass , orange peel , hyssop and Sichuan peppercorns and aged in gin and wine barrels . ( To temper the oily mouth feel and spirit notes of gin-barrel beers , they often blend them with wine-barrel versions . ) In part due to Upright 's efforts — and because Ransom Spirits , perhaps the best-known distiller making barrel-aged gin , is based outside Portland — Oregon has become the epicenter of the gin-barrel-aging trend , with the Commons Brewery , Gigantic Brewing and De Garde Brewing , among others , trying the technique .
But as distilleries have spread throughout the country , so have barrel-aged gins — and the beers that follow . Darek Bell , co-owner of the Tennessee- and Kentucky-based Corsair Distillery , whose gin barrels have been used by Half Acre Beer of Chicago , points out that brewers ' and distillers ' camaraderie , and a mutual desire to push the limits of their crafts , drive the phenomenon .
Corsair 's founders “ started off as home-brewers , and so we became interested in making ancient beers and then distilling them and tasting what ancient whiskeys might have tasted like , ” Bell says . “ A lot of craft brewers and craft distillers are sort of brothers in arms , and a lot of people became interested : people wanting to not just barrel-age with a typical barrel . ”
In the District , this spirit of mingled historical inquiry and experimentation has found a home at Right Proper Brewing , whose head brewer , Nathan Zeender , recently teamed up with New Columbia Distillers to age their flagship farmhouse ale in barrels that previously held “ ginavit , ” a hybrid of gin and aquavit . ( The beer debuted in March ; a second version , fermented in the same barrels with souring bacteria and Brettanomyces yeast , is forthcoming . ) Zeender has also collaborated with Megan Parisi , the former head brewer at the Navy Yard brewery Bluejacket , on Gotland , a riff on the mostly forgotten Swedish Gotlandsdricka style , brewed with cherry- and mesquite-smoked malt and fresh juniper branches .
“ With a gin barrel , you 're referencing , maybe , some of these old beers , because the gin would have that strong juniper flavor , ” Zeender says . With future Right Proper beers , they add , “ I 'll work my way through the whole botany textbook . ”
There 's a good chance that other D.C. breweries will eventually put out gin-influenced beers : Will Durgin dabbled in gin-barrel-aged beers prior to co-founding Atlas Brew Works , and Greg Engert , who oversees the brewing team at Bluejacket , says they hope to obtain gin barrels from Smooth Ambler Spirits , in West Virginia . “ But that 's the thing about gin-barrel beers : 99.99 percent of gins are n't barrel-aged , so it 's very hard to find those kinds of barrels , ” Engert says .
In the meantime , Bluejacket is putting out beers that , while not explicitly gin-related , contain similar notes of citrus , herbs and spice : a strong Belgian-style witbier perfumed with lavender , lemon zest and basil , and a Belgian-style tripel brewed with a whole lemon bergamot bush .
And if the barrels finally arrive ? Maybe Engert will concoct something as inspirational as the Bitter & Twisted blond ale they once tasted from the Scottish brewery Harviestoun , aged in gin barrels by its importer , B . United International . “ It was a perfect integration of that botanical gin flavor , ” they say . “ It was delicious . ”
Fromson is the author of the e-book “ Finding Shakespeare , ” published by the Atavist , and a Web copy editor at the New Yorker .
A Nampa couple who discovered a stranger moved into their vacant property without their permission is now forced to allow the woman to continue living there after a judge denied their attempt for an expedited eviction based on alleged drug paraphernalia found in the home .
Renea and Brian Prindle moved out of their Nampa home in late 2015 in order to make renovations and list the property for sale . In mid-March , they stopped by to check on their vacant home and found a woman identified as Debbra Smith living inside their property who claimed they had signed a lease .
Smith told the Prindles and law enforcement they signed the lease with a man named Daniel Brink , who represented themselves as the owner of the property . They say they met the man at the home on S. Westwood Street , paid them 1550 dollars in deposits and rent , and received a set of keys .
The prosecutor 's office informed the Nampa Police Department that the issue is a `` civil matter '' rather than a `` criminal '' case , forcing the true homeowners to take on the role of `` landlords '' and take Smith to court for eviction .
The homeowners say they entered the property after asking the woman to move out , and found two small plastic bags that smelled like marijuana , and a small metal pipe in the laundry room .
The couple hired an attorney and filed for an expedited eviction hearing based on a clause in Idaho Code that allows for swift removal of a tenant based on drug use , sale , production or distribution in the home .
Monday a judge denied the homeowners ' attempt to evict Smith , saying the plaintiffs did n't meet the burden of proving the items they allegedly found were in the home and drug related .
Now the Prindles ' attorney must amend their paperwork to a regular eviction , which would allow Smith 20 days to respond from the date she 's served .
If Smith responds within 20 days , the process could be elongated even further with pre-trail and court proceedings stretching up to 30-90 days .
Smith denied an interview following the hearing , but expressed to the judge they are also a victim in this situation , claiming they were scammed by a man who said they owned the property .
The Prindles are surprised and frustrated by the entire situation , now concerned their cash buyer from California will back out of the sale .
Stick with 6 On Your Side for the latest on this developing story .
Government corruption often leads back to the Gartner Group
Summary : “ Last week , the city denied the request , saying that the calculations are part of the trade secrets from Gartner , ” says a report
THE popularity of Free/open source software in Europe is undeniable , based on new figures . It is a quiet transition .
The Gartner Group , however , has been fighting against it , as we showed over the years .
“ It is corrupt on every level and this behaviour ought n't be tolerated. ” Gartner uses excuses for censorship of opinions ; it wants journalists to not mention the name “ Gartner ” unless it can control what the publicity is saying , and so on . It is corrupt on every level and this behaviour ought n't be tolerated .
Following some recent protests from the FSFE , calls for transparency in Helsinki became louder and louder , so consequently , the EU Web site covered it as follows : “ Advocates of free and open source software in Helsinki are pressing the city 's IT department to make public the cost calculations they used to argue that a switch to a vendor-independent office suite is too expensive . A member of the city council is considering a demand that the IT department divulges the details .
“ I am disappointed on this decision by the IT department to keep the cost details under wraps ” , comments Green League city council member Johanna Sumuvuori . The council member has been advocating the use of open source by the city administration since October 2010 . Following their council resolution the city started a ten-month pilot with using Open Office in February 2011 . ”
“ Microsoft has been using OOXML to impede the use of OpenOffice.org. ” Here is the interesting part : “ The Finnish chapter of the Free Software Foundation Europe ( FSFE ) in April used the Freedom of Information act to request that the calculations be made public . Last week , the city denied the request , saying that the calculations are part of the trade secrets from Gartner , an IT consultancy . ”
There are already complaints about this , but Gartner always gets away with such misbehaviour . Considering the fact that some Finnish cities manage to move to FOSS ( according to this new report ) , it seems like the reason for secrecy may be misconduct . To give as an example those who do it right :
The IT department of the Finnish city of Tampere will try out OpenOffice , a free and open source office suite . The free suite of office productivity tools will be installed alongside the proprietary office suite currently used by the city staff . The IT department warns against high expectations .
Microsoft has been using OOXML to impede the use of OpenOffice.org . Gartner helped OOXML . Bill Gates and Microsoft also funnel money into Gartner , which in turn does a lot to derail Free/open source software adoption . We shall see how well this deployment in Finland goes . In any event , transparent is a must ; there is public money at stake . If Gartner requires secrecy , it must never be hired . I discussed such issue with Richard Stallman yesterday . I will soon public the audio and transcript ( the latter process takes a lot of time ) . █
Share this post : These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
NASA 's Dawn spacecraft has become the first mission to achieve orbit around a dwarf planet . The spacecraft was approximately 38,000 miles ( 61,000 kilometers ) from Ceres when it was captured by the dwarf planet 's gravity at about 4:39 a.m. PST ( 7:39 a.m. EST ) Friday .
Mission controllers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California received a signal from the spacecraft at 5:36 a.m. PST ( 8:36 a.m. EST ) that Dawn was healthy and thrusting with its ion engine , the indicator Dawn had entered orbit as planned .
`` Since its discovery in 1801 , Ceres was known as a planet , then an asteroid and later a dwarf planet , '' said Marc Rayman , Dawn chief engineer and mission director at JPL . `` Now , after a journey of 3.1 billion miles ( 4.9 billion kilometers ) and 7.5 years , Dawn calls Ceres , home . ''
In addition to being the first spacecraft to visit a dwarf planet , Dawn also has the distinction of being the first mission to orbit two extraterrestrial targets . From 2011 to 2012 , the space-craft explored the giant asteroid Vesta , delivering new insights and thousands of images from that distant world . Ceres and Vesta are the two most massive residents of our solar system 's main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter .
The most recent images received from the spacecraft , taken on March 1 , show Ceres as a crescent , mostly in shadow because the spacecraft 's trajectory put it on a side of Ceres that faces away from the sun until mid-April . When Dawn emerges from Ceres ' dark side , it will deliver ever-sharper images as it spirals to lower orbits around the planet .
`` We feel exhilarated , '' said Chris Russell , principal investigator of the Dawn mission at the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) . `` We have much to do over the next year and a half , but we are now on station with ample reserves , and a robust plan to obtain our science objectives . ''
Dawn 's mission is managed by JPL for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington . Dawn is a project of the directorate 's Discovery Program , managed by NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama . UCLA is responsible for overall Dawn mission science . Orbital ATK Inc. , in Dulles , Virginia , designed and built the spacecraft . The German Aerospace Center , Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research , Italian Space Agency and Italian National Astrophysical Institute are international partners on the mission team .
For a complete list of mission participants , visit :
http : //dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission
For more information about Dawn , visit :
http : //www.nasa.gov/dawn
News Media Contact
Elizabeth LandauJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-6425elizabeth.landau @ jpl.nasa.govDwayne BrownNASA Headquarters , Washington202-358-1726dwayne.c.brown @ nasa.gov2015-080
UPDATE : Police have arrested two men and a 17-year-old girl in the death of three adults in a Fullerton house , authorities announced Sunday afternoon . They said state law prevents them from identifying the girl , but Katlynn Goodwill Yost , the daughter of the dead couple , knew the suspects . The victims were identified as Christopher and Jennifer Yost , Katlynn 's parents , and Arthur William Boucher . Arrested were Josh Acosta , 21 , of Fort Irwin , and Frank Felix , 25 , of Sun Valley . More to come .
———————-
FULLERTON – A young girl 's call to 911 on Saturday morning was the first sign of trouble at the modest Fullerton home on Gilbert Street .
They told the operator that their parents had died .
When officers arrived at 401 S. Gilbert , they found three people – two men and a woman – dead inside . Two girls were inside , too , though unharmed , Fullerton police Sgt . Jon Radus said in a statement .
Now police are trying to piece together what happened and are investigating the deaths as a triple homicide after ruling out a murder-suicide late Saturday .
All of the bodies had obvious signs of trauma , Radus said , but they did not know yet what caused it .
“ Any time someone loses their lives , it 's a tragedy , ” Radus told The Associated Press . “ It 's even more of a tragedy when children are involved . ”
Saturday night , the Fullerton police asked for the public 's help in finding a third girl – 17-year-old Katlynn Goodwill Yost – who also lives at the house . Investigators have n't been able to find them after searching all day , Radus said .
They are neither a victim nor a suspect at this point , Radus said , describing Yost as a “ missing/at-risk person . ”
Radus said they may be a family member of one or a few of the victims , but they could n't confirm it because the coroner has not yet identified the victims .
“ We are concerned for their safety and we are asking the public 's help in locating her , ” Radus said .
Around 4 p.m. , Fullerton detectives , armed with a search warrant , finally went inside the home to begin examining the bodies and collecting evidence .
“ This is obviously a tragic event , ” Radus said . “ The Fullerton Police Department has committed all its resources to identify who is responsible for committing this act . ”
The crime scene drew several neighbors , who gathered behind the yellow tape . Police set up a tarp in front of the small beige house , which had a “ Welcome ” sign above its front door .
Neighbor Donna Trice , 45 , said they had known the family for about three years , and it had a husband , wife and three children , one 17 and the others 7 and 8 or 9 .
“ It 's sad for the children ; they 're now without parents , ” they said . “ The two little girls found the bodies , and that tears me up . ”
Virginia Wheeler , 67 , stood behind the tape , hoping that the woman dead inside was not their friend of 18 years .
They said their heart goes out to the woman 's daughters . Wheeler said the woman 's husband was a really good dad who loved playing with the girls . They added that the man was a mechanic who had fixed their car on several occasions .
“ Oh , man . I 'm in shock , ” they said , softly crying .
Trice said they last saw the couple about three weeks ago at a local 7-Eleven . They added that some neighbors reported hearing gunshots Friday night .
Just before 3 p.m. , a woman showed up , ducked under the crime scene tape and began crying as they talked with an officer , who put their arm around them After a few minutes , they got into a Fullerton patrol car and was driven away .
Staff writer Tomoya Shimura contributed to this report .
It has baffled humans for millennia : how did life begin on planet Earth ? Now , new research from a Texas Tech University paleontologist suggests it may have rained from the skies and started in the bowels of hell .
Sankar Chatterjee , Horn Professor of Geosciences and curator of paleontology at the Museum of Texas Tech University believes they have found the answer by connecting theories on chemical evolution with evidence related to our planet 's early geology .
“ This is bigger than finding any dinosaur , ” Chatterjee said . “ This is what we 've all searched for – the Holy Grail of science . ”
Thanks to regular and heavy comet and meteorite bombardment of Earth 's surface during its formative years 4 billion years ago , the large craters left behind not only contained water and the basic chemical building blocks for life , but also became the perfect crucible to concentrate and cook these chemicals to create the first simple organisms .
They presented their findings Oct. 30 during the 125th Anniversary Annual Meeting of the Geological Society of America in Denver .
As well as discovering how ancient animals flew , Chatterjee discovered the Shiva Meteorite Crater which was created by a 25-mile-wide meteorite that struck off the coast of India . This research concluded this giant meteorite wreaked havoc simultaneously with the Chicxulub meteorite strike near Mexico , finishing the dinosaurs 65 million years ago .
Ironically , Chatterjee 's latest research suggests meteorites can be givers of life as well as takers . They said that meteor and comet strikes likely brought the ingredients and created the right conditions for life on our planet . By studying three sites containing the world 's oldest fossils , they believe they know how the first single-celled organisms formed in hydrothermal crater basins .
“ When the Earth formed some 4.5 billion years ago , it was a sterile planet inhospitable to living organisms , ” Chatterjee said . “ It was a seething cauldron of erupting volcanoes , raining meteors and hot , noxious gasses . One billion years later , it was a placid , watery planet teeming with microbial life – the ancestors to all living things . ”
Recipe for Living
“ For may years , the debate on the origins of life centered on the chemical evolution of living cells from organic molecules by natural processes . Chatterjee said life began in four steps of increasing complexity – cosmic , geological , chemical and biological .
In the cosmic stage , a still-forming Earth and our solar system took a daily pounding from rocky asteroids and icy comets between 4.1 to 3.8 billion years ago . Plate tectonics , wind and water have hidden evidence of this early onslaught on our planet , but ancient craters on the surfaces of Mars , Venus , Mercury and our moon show just how heavy the meteorite showers once were .
Larger meteorites that created impact basins of about 350 miles in diameter inadvertently became the perfect crucibles , they said . These meteorites also punched through the Earth 's crust , creating volcanically driven geothermal vents . Also , they brought the basic building blocks of life that could be concentrated and polymerized in the crater basins .
After studying the environments of the oldest fossil-containing rocks on Earth in Greenland , Australia and South Africa , Chatterjee said these could be remnants of ancient craters and may be the very spots where life began in deep , dark and hot environments .
Because of Earth 's perfect proximity to the Sun , the comets that crashed here melted into water and filled these basins with water and more ingredients . This gave rise to the geological stage . As these basins filled , geothermal venting heated the water and created convection , causing the water to move constantly and create a thick primordial soup .
“ The geological stage provides special dark , hot , and isolated environments of the crater basins with the hydrothermal vent systems that served as incubators for life , ” they said . “ Segregation and concentration of organic molecules by convective currents took place here , something like the kinds we find on the ocean floor , but still very different . It was a bizarre and isolated world that would seem like a vision of hell with the foul smells of hydrogen sulfide , methane , nitric oxide and steam that provided life-sustaining energy . ”
Then began the chemical stage , Chatterjee said . The heat churning the water inside the craters mixed chemicals together and caused simple compounds to grow into larger , more complex ones .
Protecting Important Information
Most likely , pores and crevices on the crater basins acted as scaffolds for concentrations of simple RNA and protein molecules , they said . Unlike a popular theory that believes RNA came first and proteins followed , Chatterjee believes RNA and proteins emerged simultaneously and were encapsulated and protected from the environment .
“ The dual origin of the ‘ RNA/protein ' world is more plausible in the vent environments than the popular ‘ RNA world , ' ” they said . “ RNA molecules are very unstable . In vent environments , they would decompose quickly . Some catalysts , such as simple proteins , were necessary for primitive RNA to replicate and metabolize . On the other hand , amino acids , from which proteins are made , are easier to make than RNA components . ”
The question remains how loose RNA and protein material floating in this soup protected itself in a membrane . Chatterjee believes University of California professor David Deamer 's hypothesis that membranous material existed in the primordial soup . Deamer isolated fatty acid vesicles from the Murchison meteorite that fell in 1969 in Australia . The cosmic fatty bubbles extracted from the meteorite mimic cell membranes .
“ Meteorites brought this fatty lipid material to early Earth , ” Chatterjee said . “ This fatty lipid material floated on top of the water surface of crater basins but moved to the bottom by convection currents . At some point in this process during the course of millions of years , this fatty membrane could have encapsulated simple RNA and proteins together like a soap bubble . The RNA and protein molecules begin interacting and communicating . Eventually RNA gave way to DNA – a much more stable compound – and with the development of the genetic code , the first cells divided . ”
The final stage – the biological stage – represents the origin of replicating cells as they began to store , process and transmit genetic information to their daughter cells , Chatterjee said . Infinite combinations took place , and countless numbers must have failed to function before the secret of replication was broken and the proper selection occurred .
“ These self-sustaining first cells were capable of Darwinian evolution , ” they said . “ The emergence of the first cells on the early Earth was the culmination of a long history of prior chemical , geological and cosmic processes . ”
Chatterjee also believes that modern RNA-viruses and protein-rich prions that cause deadly diseases probably represent the evolutionary legacy of primitive RNA and protein molecules . They may be the oldest cellular particles that predated the first cellular life . Once cellular life evolved , RNA-viruses and prions became redundant , but survived as parasites on the living cells .
The problem with theories on the origins of life is that they do n't propose any experiments that lead to the emergence of cells , Chatterjee said . However , they suggested an experiment to recreate the ancient prebiotic world and support or refute their theory .
“ If future experiments with membrane-bound RNA viruses and prions result in the creation of a synthetic protocell , it may reflect the plausible pathways for the emergence of life on early Earth , ” they said .
Publication of press-releases or other out-sourced content does not signify endorsement or affiliation of any kind .
Ruprecht Polenz , the German government 's special envoy to Namibia over the issue , said they were “ not surprised ” by the lawsuit , but that it would not affect the talks .
“ From the German government 's point of view , the question of how to deal with the crimes that were committed between 1904 and 1908 is a political and moral question , but not a legal one , ” they told the broadcaster Deutsche Welle .
“ We are negotiating with the Namibian goverment about the political and moral consequences . ”
It is not clear whether the US courts will rule that they have the necessary jursidiction to hear the case .
The Herero and Nama leaders are suing under the Alien Tort Statute , a 1789 law that is frequently invoked in human rights cases . But the law is contorversial and the US Supreme Court acted to restrict the scope of claims under it in 2013 .
The genocide in Namibia began as an operation to suppress a revolt against German colonial rule by the Herero and Nama . But systematic killings continued long after the uprising had been put down .
General Lothar von Trotha , the commander of German forces in Namibia , wrote in 1904 of the Herero : “ I believe that the nation as such should be annihilated , or , if this is not possible by tactical measures , expelled from the country ” .
An order they issued the same year stated : “ Any Herero found within the German border , with or without a rifle , with or without cattle , is to be shot . I do not accept women or children either : drive them back to their people or shoot them ” .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( Reuters ) - Kentucky 's new governor on Tuesday ordered county clerks ' names removed from state marriage license forms at the center of a controversy involving Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis , who was jailed after refusing to issue licenses to gay couples .
Kentucky Republican senatorial candidate Matt Bevin talks with their campaign supporters at their campaign headquarters in Louisville , Kentucky , May 19 , 2014 . REUTERS/John Sommers II
Governor Matt Bevin had said shortly after their election in November as only the second Republican governor of Kentucky since 1971 that they would change the forms that had drawn objections from Davis and some other clerks .
“ To ensure that the sincerely held religious beliefs of all Kentuckians are honored , I took action to revise the clerk marriage license form , ” Bevin said in a statement .
It was unclear what effect Bevin 's executive order would have on the case of Davis , who made Kentucky a focal point in the debate over gay marriage in the United States when they refused to issue any marriage licenses even after the U.S. Supreme Court in June made gay marriage legal across the United States .
The jailing for five days in September of Davis , who cited their Apostolic Christian beliefs in refusing to issue the licenses , drew international attention and demonstrators .
Davis also briefly met Pope Francis in September in Washington during their visit to the United States .
Lawyers representing two same-sex couples and two opposite-sex couples challenged their action . U.S. District Judge David Bunning ordered Davis , 50 , to issue the licenses and then jailed them after they refused .
Officials with the American Civil Liberties Union , which represents the couples who sued Davis , said Bevin 's action had “ added to the cloud of uncertainty that hangs over marriage licenses in Kentucky ” as clerk names are required by state law on the licenses .
Davis took steps to remove their name and office from the forms after they were released and a deputy clerk has issued licenses since they were jailed in early September .
Davis repeatedly urged then Governor Steve Beshear , a Democrat , to remove clerk names from the form or provide other relief so they would not violate religious beliefs .
They have also appealed Bunning 's orders to the Sixth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . Bunning and the appeals court have repeatedly denied their stays in the case .
Davis and their attorney could not immediately be reached to comment .
Beshear had said they had no authority to relieve county clerks of their statutory duties by executive order and that the state legislature could address the issue .
Bevin also rescinded Beshear 's recent order restoring voting rights to most felons in the state .
BRENTWOOD , N.Y. — These days , Evelyn Rodriguez always carries their blue clipboard , jotting down notes when inspiration or anxiety strikes . It has been their constant companion in the 10 months since their 16-year-old daughter , Kayla Cuevas , was killed by members of the transnational MS-13 gang .
They plan to carry it with her , too , on Friday , when they meet with President Trump , who is coming to Suffolk Community College in this working-class Long Island town after the recent arrests of MS-13 members for the murders of four young Latino boys . Authorities say that the wave of gang violence resulting in 17 murders in the county since 2016 has been fueled in part by illegal immigration of young people ; many of the victims have also been immigrants or the children of immigrants .
Some politicians and activists have denounced Mr. Trump 's visit , saying that it will encourage the targeting of undocumented immigrants . But Ms. Rodriguez , a fierce wisp of a woman who grew up in Puerto Rico and the South Bronx , sees an opportunity .
“ I 'm going to break it down for him , ” they said . “ ‘ Look , I 'm not here to tell you how to do your job ; I 'm not here to talk about immigration . ' ” Ms. Rodriguez wholeheartedly agrees with the president that immigrants who are criminals should not be coming into the country , nor should they be allowed to enroll in the local schools .
As the Toronto Police continue to investigate the beer throwing incident at Tuesday night 's wild card game , Major League Baseball wants the Blue Jays to ban beer cans from the Rogers Centre .
As the Associated Press reports , a Blue Jays spokesperson said banning beer cans at the ballpark is one option that 's currently on the table .
`` I do n't think there is another ballpark where beer is served in cans , '' said MLB commissioner Rob Manfred in discussing this heavily scrutinized rare beer-throwing event .
This is n't the first time Jays fans have thrown beer into the stadium . Last year , for instance , the Rogers Centre stopped selling beer cans in the 500 level after spray from a falling can hit a baby during the ALDS against the Texas Rangers .
Let 's hope we keep calm , cool and collected as we head into this year 's Division Series .
Photo by globetrekimages via the blogTO Flickr pool .
The Flyers will get their first look Sunday night at hockey 's newest phenom , a 27-year-old rookie whose known as the Hamburglar .
Ottawa Senators goalie Andrew Hammond is on a historic run since being called up from the AHL after the All-Star break .
Hammond has started 10 of Senators ' last 12 games , allowing two or fewer goals in all of them .
Their numbers are incredible : 9-0-1 record , 1.44 goals-against average , .954 save percentage .
`` He 's just playing out of their mind , '' Sens center Kyle Turris told the Ottawa Sun . `` He 's given us the backbone to start a run . He 's making saves to keep us in games . We 're trying to take advantage of those opportunities . ''
This out-of-nowhere run has carried the Senators back into a chase for the Eastern Conference 's last wild card spot .
The Sens , who are 12-2-2 in their last 16 games , trail Boston by seven points with a game in hand heading into Sunday 's tilt against the Flyers , who are 10 points off the pace .
Hammond was called up from the AHL on Jan. 29 when All-Star goalie Craig Anderson suffered a bruised hand .
Hammond wound sitting seven games in a row , then allowed two goals on five shots over 20:46 in a shaky season debut against Carolina on Feb. 16 , one in which they entered after backup goalie Robin Lehner suffered a concussion .
From there , Hammond has been lights out in their 10 starts , as they have two shutouts , allowed one goal three times and two goals five times .
Hammond is getting all kinds of attention in Canada for their great play , but says their only concern is helping the Sens win that wild card spot .
`` We 're in the playoff hunt , '' they told the Sun . `` We 're not going away and we 're showing a lot of resilience . Boston is the team we 're chasing . We ca n't control what they 're doing . All we can control is our approach . ''
This is the second of three Flyers-Senators ' meetings this season . The Flyers won 2-1 in a shootout at home on Jan. 6 .
Senators star winger Bobby Ryan , a native of South Jersey , will look to end a four-game point drought against their hometown team . Ryan , who is second on the Sens with 49 points and tied for third with 17 goals , has a goal and four points in nine career games against the Flyers .
Here is everything that you need to know about how you can watch the game :
Matchup : Flyers at Ottawa Senators
When : Sunday , 8 p.m .
Where : Canadian Tire Centre ; Ottawa
TV : Comcast SportsNet ( Jim Jackson , Bill Clement , Chris Therien )
Radio : 97.5 FM the Fanatic ( Tim Saunders , Steve Coates ) .
Here are the projected lineups :
FLYERS
Forward lines
10 Brayden Schenn , 28 Claude Giroux , 93 Jakub Voracek
24 Matt Read 14 Sean Couturier , 17 Wayne Simmonds
36 Zac Rinaldo , 12 Michael Raffl , 25 Ryan White
76 Chris VandeVelde 78 Pierre-Edouard Bellemare , 40 Vincent Lecavalier
Defense pairs
55 Nick Schultz , 32 Mark Streit
5 Nicklas Grossmann , 47 Andrew MacDonald
26 Carlo Colaiacovo , 22 Luke Schenn
Goaltender
29 Ray Emery
OTTAWA SENATORS
Forward lines
68 Mike Hoffman , 93 Mike Zibanejad , 6 Bobby Ryan
9 Milan Michalek , 7 Kyle Turris , 61 Mark Stone
27 Curtis Lazar , 44 Jean-Gabriel Pageau , 22 Erik Condra
26 Matt Puempel , 17 David Legwand , 90 Alex Chiasson
Defense pairs
3 Marc Methot , 65 Erik Karlsson
46 Patrick Wiercioch , 5 Cody Ceci
2 Jared Cowen , 74 Mark Borowiecki
Goaltender
30 Andrew Hammond
Here are 3 stories you need to read before the opening faceoff :
1 . New motto works for Flyers , who rebound from horrific stretch by hammering Detroit Red Wings
2 . Flyers ' Steve Mason gets a lot of goal support for change , greatly enjoys blowout win
3 . Brayden Schenn loses hat trick , but Flyers blitz Detroit Red Wings
Randy Miller may be reached at rmiller @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ RandyJMiller . Find NJ.com Philadelphia Sports on Facebook .
There 's something oddly poignant about an audience member drunkenly shouting `` 'LAY LADY LAY ! ' '' before Bob Dylan and their gypsy band rip into the then-recently released 'Oh , Sister . '
`` Hard Rain '' is the first official document of the 1975-76 Rolling Thunder Revue , released thirty years before the ominous `` Bootleg Series Volume 5 . '' Despite being one of the most legendary tours in rock history , `` Hard Rain '' received lukewarm reviews upon release , probably because the performances were taken from near the end of the tour , and has since become slightly obscured by the wealth of recordings offered by the fifth installment of Dylan 's `` Bootleg Series . ''
But what `` Hard Rain '' has that its successor does n't is grit . The lack of polish in recording and performance seems to be more fitting for the Rolling Thunder Revue , and for the song selection in particular . 'Maggie 's Farm , ' 'Stuck Inside of Mobile With the Memphis Blues Again , ' and 'Shelter From the Storm ' are all treated like rental cars , with reckless abandon , and more delicate treatment is not given to more balladic songs like 'Lay Lady Lay , ' ' I Threw It All Away , ' and 'Oh , Sister , ' the version here actually topping the version found on `` The Bootleg Series . ''
BUNDI : Babaji Ka Bada , a Majara ( vicinity ) of Naath and Suwalaka communities , with a population of about 300 people in around 40 houses , most of them of concrete RCC , meters behind the Ideal Police Station of Hindoli town along Kota-Jaipur national highway well sings the tale of materialistic prosperity with around 30 four-wheelers and other luxurious facility but at the same time hollow sensibility at personal hygiene and sanitation.Only 16 houses were found equipped with toilets for about two years but most of those who have constructed toilets have not received award money of Rs 15,000.Ghasi Lal Nath , 70 , head of a 10 member family owns a spacious concrete house with tiles on floor and luxurious facilities but the family members including women feel no hesitation for defecation in open. “ I have not enough money to construct a toilet but will soon plan for it , ” they said . When explained them of the compensation amount by the government for construction of toilet , they disappointedly said those who have constructed toilets have not yet received the amount.Pushkar Suwalaka and Chittar Lal Suwalka , Nathuji Maharaj of the vicinity of have constructed the toilets but have not received the aid so far . ‘ I have submitted certificate and prescribed form twice . Once it was ‘ lost ' in the panchyat samiti office , while second time , I have still been waiting for last two years , ” Puskhkar Suwalaka said.Dhanna Nath Yogi said , a toilets construction costs around Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000 and the aid of Rs 15,000 is not sufficient and moreover takes a long time to get the amount.Babul al Yogi , who has recently purchased a SUV for family besides having six other vehicles has not toilet and the family of 10 members use open defecation . On asking for toilet , they says ‘ All the vehicles are on loan instalments ' and promises to have a toilet soon.Babulal Nath of the vicinity is claimed to own 15 vehicles but no toilets at home.Dwarika and Seema , both Class X drop out from Ghanshyam Yogi 's house in the village are now happy as they 're soon going to get a toilet , currently undergoing construction . We feel very shame and fear in defecation in open and we also have to squabble for place for it in Jungle , said Seema showing their toilet under construction.A group of teachers that include Suman Sharma , Nasera Bano , Rajeshwari Lathi , Jugdish Prasad from government girls senior secondary school , Hindoli last months regularly visited the Babaji Ka Bada Majara to motivate for construction of toilets . The villagers are complaining aid money for toilet Rs . 15000 is not sufficient and are avoiding construction , said Suman Sharma adding ‘ but we are encouraging and motivating them for toilets by explaining the benefits and safety measures for women .
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama—Yvonne Trosclair does n't know who 's behind America First Action—which keeps running pro-Roy Moore ads here on television and on Facebook ahead of the U.S. Senate election on Tuesday—but they know they 're not from Alabama .
“ The ad campaign is ridiculous by itself , but there 's nothing that makes my skin crawl more than hearing ‘ Alabamans ' instead of ‘ Alabamians , ' ” Trosclair told The Daily Beast . “ It 's the first thing they say . ”
Trosclair took to America First Action 's nascent Facebook page to vent their frustrations , just as several others have done over the past week after they were bombarded with targeted content from the pro-Donald Trump PAC 's $ 1 million ad buy . At press time , the group had a 1.7-star rating on Facebook out of 5 .
What Trosclair did n't find was much identifying information from America First Action , including where the PAC is based . That sort of pivotal disclosure is one of the several promises Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg made in their highly publicized address three months ago aimed at fixing veiled political advertising on the platform , which was said to have helped Trump win .
In response to the social media giant 's failure to prevent anonymous foreign actors from targeting U.S.-based elections , Zuckerberg laid out several promises aimed at stopping external forces from disproportionately affecting American elections .
Russia 's “ troll farm ” in St. Petersburg was able to target millions of Americans with just hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad money to push pro-Trump messages in an attempt to swing districts in the run-up to the 2016 election .
Former Trump campaign digital director Brad Parscale—who is working with America First Action 's parent organization—told 60 Minutes in October that Facebook was “ how they won. ” Campaign officials used “ embedded ” Facebook staff to micro-target potential voters . Unofficial campaign groups also flooded Facebook with ads of dubious origin without clearly explaining where they came from or who paid for them .
With polls set to open in a pivotal nail-biter of a Senate race on Tuesday in Alabama , none of Zuckerberg 's promised policies have taken effect .
So it 's hard for ordinary Alabama voters to know where exactly these ads on their feed are coming from .
America First Action 's headquarters are difficult to pin down on the web , let alone on Facebook . The organization does n't provide a location on Facebook or its website . FEC documents show that the group is based out of 1400 Crystal Drive in Arlington , Virginia .
America First Action , the super PAC arm of pro-Trump dark money group America First Policies , was founded this year by top Trump operatives , including Rick Gates , the since-indicted former campaign aide , and Nick Ayers , now vice president Mike Pence 's chief of staff . Now run by Republican consultant Brian Walsh , the group 's only reported income this year has come from Ronald Weiser , the chairperson of the Michigan Republican Party and a top RNC fundraiser in 2016 .
In addition to location disclosure , Zuckerberg and Facebook 's vice presidents of advertising and public policy pledged a suite of new features that would force more disclosures from political advertisers and result in greater transparency for users .
“ Y ou still do n't know if you 're seeing the same messages as everyone else . So we 're going to bring Facebook to an even higher standard of transparency , ” Zuckerberg said in a Facebook Live video that received international press attention in September . “ Not only will you have to disclose which page paid for an ad , but we will also make it so you can visit an advertiser 's page and see the ads they 're currently running to any audience on Facebook . ”
The Facebook CEO promised to “ roll this out over the coming months , and we will work with others to create a new standard for transparency in online political ads . ”
None of those features are currently accessible to Alabamians being served ads by both pro-Roy Moore PACs , like America First Action , and , ostensibly , groups backing Democratic candidate Doug Jones , such as one called Alabama Values .
A Facebook spokesperson pointed The Daily Beast to an Oct. 27 blog post by Facebook vice president of advertising Rob Goldman that said the changes were n't scheduled to be rolled out in the U.S. until next summer but are being tested elsewhere .
“ We will start this test in Canada and roll it out to the US by this summer , ahead of the US midterm elections in November , as well as broadly to all other countries around the same time , ” Goldman wrote on Oct. 27 .
America First Action 's ads focus less on Alabama-related themes and more on divisive national issues pushed by the GOP such as abortion restrictions ; and those championed by President Trump , like NFL players who kneel during the national anthem .
“ In ALABAMA we honor our Vets every time we play the Nation Anthem , ” one ad reads , misspelling “ national anthem . ”
Another shows Jones tethered to strings like a marionette beneath a hand with the words “ Nancy Pelosi ” on its wrist . “ PELOSI PUPPET , ” it reads beneath a picture of Jones , who is also identified with a lapel pin .
America First Action poured more than $ 1 million into the state for the final stretch of the campaign just last week .
While outside dark-money groups have spent millions to support and tear down both candidates in the race , only Jones is actively campaigning in the run-up to Election Day . Moore has not appeared in public since last Tuesday and will hold their final campaign rally on Monday night in rural southeastern Alabama . Neither party has deployed its campaign apparatus to the fullest extent to aid their respective candidates in a race that could shift the balance of the Senate—and have lasting effects on Trump 's legislative agenda .
Trosclair has just a couple more days of hearing the ads that they say she 's “ heard a billion times , blastin ' on my TV. ” They hope their Facebook post on America First Action 's page , complete with an eye-roll emoji and the hashtag # YouDontKnowUs , will get the group to take the hint—or at least change its ad copy .
“ They 're clearly not from the state if they 're not saying Alabamians , ” they said .
UPDATE : This story has ben updated to provide more information about America First Action and its backers .
Yoan Moncada stole the show at last year 's All-Star Futures Game by winning the MVP award .
This time around he 'll try to do the same thing , but donning a different uniform .
MLB 's No . 1 prospect who was the key piece that came over to the White Sox from the Red Sox in last offseason 's blockbuster Chris Sale trade , was one of three White Sox prospects named to the 2017 Futures Game which takes place in Miami on July 9 .
Moncada will play for the World Team , while pitcher Michael Kopech ( another player in the Sale deal ) and catcher Zack Collins are on the United States roster .
[ VIVID SEATS : Get your White Sox tickets here ]
Moncada , who was also named to the International League All-Star Team earlier Thursday morning , is third in the IL in runs ( 50 ) , and tied for fourth in stolen bases ( 15 ) . They are slashing .280/.377/.455 with 10 home runs and 29 RBI in their first season in the White Sox organization .
The 21-year-old Kopech has started 14 games with the Birmingham Barons this season and has a 3.38 ERA with 94 strikeouts in 72 innings .
Collins , the No . 10 overall pick out of Miami in the 2016 MLB Draft , has belted 10 home runs and has 29 RBI in 69 games with Winston-Salem in 2017 . Collins also leads the Carolina League with 56 walks this season .
The White Sox are tied with the Milwaukee Brewers and Houston Astros for having the most representatives ( 3 ) in this year 's Futures Game .
In the midst of economic turmoil in Europe , more Italians are turning to bikes as their preferred mode of transportation . Such is the bicycle 's popularity in Italy that purchases of the pedal-powered two wheelers have eclipsed automobile sales for the first time since World War II.According to The Christian Science Monitor , last year 1.75 million bikes were sold in Italy , compared to 1.748 million motor vehicles . Contributing to this trend are rising fuel prices and hefty costs associated with keeping a car on the road . Gas prices recently hit €2 a liter ( $ 9.50 a gallon ) , and the average cost of ownership is estimated at around €7,0000 ( $ 9,000 ) a year.There is also the sheer congestion associated with driving in many parts of Italy . Narrow roads and a high level of automobile ownership ( 6 in 10 own cars , one of the highest rates in the world ) , have made for cramped streets in many Italian cities . The author of the report notes that a several-mile journey in the heart of Rome is quicker by bike than taxi . Fiat boss Sergio Marchionne is among those feeling the heat from this trend , admitting `` Anyone operating in the automotive sector in Europe today is experiencing varying degrees of unhappiness . The European car market is a disaster . '' Fiat released industry figures that showed September auto sales down 25 percent compared to the same period in 2011.Antonio Della Venezia , president of the Italian Federation of Bike Lovers told Italian paper La Republica , `` People who have only ever driven cars are changing their thinking . I do n't think Italy will go back to the levels of car sales that we saw before 2008 . `` He may be right . Many families are downsizing to just one car , participating in carpool groups , and purchasing bicycles as alternatives to the rising costs of automobile ownership . It is estimated that around 200,000 old bikes have been restored for regular use . The inexpensive and convenient mode of transportation has once again caught on in Italy – just ask Monica Bellucci .
Fit Family Fig Bars ( v + gf )
Very delicious recipe , the credit of the original recipe goes to Chocolate Covered Katie . Thank goodness for Katie and their awesome chocolate-covered recipes !
Nutrition : ( makes 32 bars ) 72 calories , 2 g. fat , 8 g. sugar , 1.5 g. protein per bar
1 can chickpeas ( garbanzo beans ) rinsed and drained
2/3 cups dark brown sugar
¼ cup coconut oil
¼ cup ground flaxseed ( the nutritious addition that provides the gluten-free structure of the cookie + useful in so many recipes )
2 tsp . pure vanilla extract
¾ tsp . baking powder
1/4 tsp . baking soda
¼ tsp . salt
Dash or two cinnamon
11 oz dried figs
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F .
Throw all the ingredients through cinnamon into a food processor and whir away for a minute or two . Take a rubber spatula and scrape down the sides of the processor bowl to make sure everything gets pureed , and whir again for another minute .
Prepare a 9 x 9 ” pan lined with wax paper ( 8 x 8 ” pan will do as well . ) Scoop the cookie dough out of the food processor , scraping down the sides to get out as much as possible , and transfer it to a separate bowl .
Process the dried figs in the same food processor – you wo n't need to wash it first as long as you scraped out the cookie dough thoroughly – and process the figs to a thick paste . It will most likely end up looking like a giant purple baseball . And yes , this is okay .
Take out the giant purple baseball and transfer it to the wax paper-lined pan . Spread it out into a thin , even layer of fig , and gently lift the wax paper up by the edges to lift out the layer of fig . Set aside .
Spray the pan with cooking spray and transfer half the cookie dough to the pan . Spread it evenly on the bottom . Carefully turn the layer of fig out onto the cookie dough and spread the remaining cookie dough on top .
Bake about 40-50 minutes ( start with 40 and add more time as needed , ) or until the edges are golden-brown and the center is no longer overly mushy . The bars will still be very soft , even after they are finished , so it may be difficult to tell if they are done . The best way to tell is to cut a square or two out and check to see if the interior of the cookie dough is solid or still too moist .
A taste-test is often in order at this point , and I 'm always quite happy to do this step !
Allow the rest of the pan to cool about 20 minutes before cutting into it – also , unfortunately , a necessary step if you do n't want it to get all crumbly , but one I sometimes find myself not following…
These keep well at room temperature in a sealed container at least 3 days , but will last a good week or two if need be in the refrigerator , and likely a month or more ( well-wrapped ) in the freezer , if need be !
These are great hot , cold , room temperature , or under a dollop of ice cream for dessert . Fantastic in lunchboxes – there was one in mine today !
There is much gnashing of teeth and rending of garments over the horrible GOP repeal of Obamacare .
One newly formed progressive super PAC is planning to cart caskets to Republican lawmakers ' districts and hold mock funerals for their constituents . Another activist is encouraging protesters to ship their own ashes — should they die without health care —to GOP lawmakers . And other progressive groups are planning graphic `` die-in '' protests as they work to derail GOP plans to repeal Obamacare .
People are righteously upset over this setback .
It 's so important to defeat the Obamacare repeal that even Bernie Sanders agreed to put off the Medicare-for-all bill in order to unite in defense of Obamacare .
Just listen to how this Democratic President denounced the legislation .
Former President Bill Clinton steamrolled President Obama 's signature healthcare law at a rally , calling it “ the craziest thing in the world . ”
Hmmm . OK. How did that quote get in there ?
Wrong president . Let 's listen to President Obama explain why Obamacare needs to be defended .
The point is , now is not the time to move backwards on health care reform . Now is the time to move forward . The problems that may have arisen from the Affordable Care Act is [ sic ] not because government is too involved in the process . The problem is , is that we have not reached everybody and pulled them in . And think about it . When one of these companies comes out with a new smartphone and it had a few bugs , what do they do ? They fix it . They upgrade—unless it catches fire , and they just—then they pull it off the market . But you do n't go back to using a rotary phone . You do n't say , well , we 're repealing smartphones—we 're just going to do the dial-up thing . That 's not what you do .
Yes . Very well put .
We need to defend Obamacare because it only sometimes catches fire .
Wait a sec . What ?
We 're getting off-track here . The important thing is that Trump is breaking Obamacare !
Health insurers are asking for sharp increases in the cost of their Obamacare plans next year , thanks to instability in the law 's coverage markets that 's been compounded by the Trump administration .
In Maryland , Virginia and Connecticut -- the first states to make filings public -- premiums for Affordable Care Act plans will rise more than 20 percent on average , according to data compiled by ACASignups.net and Bloomberg ...
The increases can be blamed in part on uncertainty among insurers about the strength of the law 's requirement that people carry insurance . The Trump administration has raised doubts about whether it will enforce what is considered by some insurers to be an already insufficient penalty .
Yes . Exactly . It 's Trump 's fault for the premiums going up .
Before Trump everything was fine .
As concerns about the survival of the Affordable Care Act 's markets intensify , the role of nonprofit “ co-op ” health insurers -- meant to broaden choices under the law -- has gained prominence . Most of the original 23 co-ops have failed , dumping more than 800,000 members back onto the ACA markets over the last two years .
OK , well not `` fine '' , but certainly not a death spiral .
One of the biggest industry critics has been Aetna Inc . Earlier in the day , CEO Mark Bertolini said the markets were “ in a death spiral , ” predicting that more health insurers will quit in 2018 , following Humana Inc. 's decision this week to exit entirely next year .
All right , that 's just one insurer 's opinion . It is n't shared by anyone else .
The head of the largest insurer in the Mid-Atlantic region warned Thursday that the Affordable Care Act marketplaces were in the early stages of a death spiral , a statement that came as the company announced its request for massive , double-digit premium increases for next year .
Hold on just one minute . At least people will be insured under Obamacare as long as Trump does n't repeal it .
At least 40,000 people in the Knoxville area may have no health plans to pick from in the Affordable Care Act 's markets after insurer Humana Inc. opted to pull out from all 11 states where it still sells plans in 2018 .
You did n't let me finish . I meant to say at least people will be insured under Obamacare as long as Trump does n't repeal it AND they do n't live in Tennessee .
The vast majority of counties in Iowa could have zero insurers on the ObamaCare exchanges next year after another company announced it may not participate in 2018 .
Medica said in a statement Wednesday it would pull out of the exchanges if Congress does not move quickly to stabilize the markets .
Or Iowa . I meant Tennessee OR Iowa , obviously .
To summarize , we must unite to defend health insurance legislation that is “ the craziest thing in the world ” , and that sometimes `` catches fire '' , that its premiums rise more than 20 percent on average every year , that is in a `` death spiral '' , and that is vanishing in large parts of America .
We must use all our resources to defend the status-quo , and that 's why we ca n't have Medicare-for-all .
It makes perfect sense .
BMTC
ZipGo
Ola
Ola Shuttle
Voters react as Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a rally at the Hibernia Building in San Francisco on May 26 . ( Melina Mara/The Washington Post )
California Gov . Jerry Brown issued a less-than-enthusiastic endorsement of Hillary Clinton on Tuesday , calling them the best chance to defeat what they said would be a disastrous victory by Donald Trump .
Brown waited until a week before their state 's June 7 Democratic primary , a vote that could embarrass Clinton on the day they are widely expected to clinch the presidential nomination .
“ I have decided to cast my vote for Hillary Clinton because I believe this is the only path forward to win the presidency and stop the dangerous candidacy of Donald Trump , ” Brown wrote in what they called an open letter to state Democrats . They spelled out their reasons , including Trump 's opposition to global agreements on climate change , but did not urge Democrats to follow their lead .
Clinton has effectively already won , and it is time to focus on defeating Trump , Brown wrote .
“ This is no time for Democrats to keep fighting each other . The general election has already begun , ” they wrote . “ Hillary Clinton , with their long experience , especially as secretary of state , has a firm grasp of the issues and will be prepared to lead our country on Day One . ”
Clinton 's campaign emailed a copy of the letter to reporters without comment Tuesday .
Brown praised Clinton rival Bernie Sanders on their way to calling Clinton qualified and capable . Sanders is riding a late surge of support in the nation 's most diverse state and hopes a victory in California would strengthen their argument that they are the better and more deserving candidate .
Despite winning more pledged delegates overall and never trailing Sanders throughout the long primary fight , Clinton has failed to excite many of their party 's most liberal voters , and suffers a debilitating lack of support from young voters .
Brown 's support follows decades of sometimes acid criticism of both Hillary Clinton and former president Bill Clinton . One of the longest-running feuds in Democratic politics began when Brown ran against Bill Clinton in the Democratic primary in 1992 and won five states .
Brown did something akin to what Sanders is vowing this time . Having lost the nomination to Clinton , Brown pushed to deliver a speech on the floor of the Democratic National Convention . They were denied , but still spoke in support of their own nomination and their campaign themes that included a pledge to battle the `` growing concentration of wealth . '' Sound familiar ?
On Tuesday , Brown gave an admiring nod to Sanders 's ability to make that message a central theme in the campaign .
“ I have closely watched the primaries and am deeply impressed with how well Bernie Sanders has done . They have driven home the message that the top one percent has unfairly captured way too much of America 's wealth , leaving the majority of people far behind , ” they wrote . “ In 1992 , I attempted a similar campaign . ”
They added : “ For their part , Hillary Clinton has convincingly made the case that they know how to get things done and has the tenacity and skill to advance the Democratic agenda . Voters have responded by giving them approximately 3 million more votes – and hundreds more delegates – than Sanders . ''
The dozen or so marijuana activists at the 43rd Hash Bash held on the University of Michigan 's Diag Saturday spoke to a crowd of around 8,000 about their higher aims and purposes . They talked about freedom , politics and the police state and rallied for the decriminalization and legalization of marijuana . There was only one arrest , according to University of Michigan police , despite a crowd more than double last year 's 3,000 . The rally was kicked off by 1960s counterculture icon John Sinclair who reminisced about being at the Hash Bash in 1972 . The goals now are the same as the goals then , they said . “ It 's all about getting high , playing music , making art and getting your head where the powers that be do n't want ( it ) to be … up their ass , ” they said . Speakers like Iraq War veteran Dakota Serna , of Lansing , also took to the steps of the Hatcher Graduate Library to talk about the benefits of cannabis . Serna joined the Marines straight out of high school in 2003 and in a year was on the front line of a military operation in the Al Abar region of Iraq . They were injured twice by friendly fire , but those wounds were n't as painful as the mental scars they brought home with him . “ I definitely saw a lot of gruesome things and watched a lot of good friends die , ” said the veteran who now sports a bushy beard and bandana . “ Reliving that every night just got too much for me . I had to find something. ” The antipsychotics and antidepressants they gave them at the veterans hospital for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder made them sick and suicidal . “ It got to a point where I needed to try something else , ” they said . Around 2009 , a friend handed them a joint . “ I felt so much better after and I never looked back , ” they said . “ I 'm living proof . It saved my life . Serna helped score a victory for fellow sufferers of PTSD a month ago when it was added to the list of ailments doctors can prescribe medical marijuana . Serna said they testified in front of the state medical board to advocate for it . The crowd Serna and others addressed was just as colorful as other Hash Bashes . Marijuana smoke puffed up from the groups of people as they passed joints , despite being warned by organizers they could be ticketed . They carried signs that read , “ Free the weed ” and “ Legalize it. ” Ralph Worick , of Kalamazoo , was flying a green and white flag with a marijuana leaf where the stars would be on the American flag . Worick , who said he 's been smoking since they were 11 , said it 's their flag for the “ United States of Euphoria. ” Worick has been coming to the Hash Bash since 1976 . “ I have an accounting degree from Western . I have kids , but it 's my life . I have to be honest about it , ” they said about their marijuana advocacy . “ Free the plant . And free everyone in jail . And get rid of their records. ” The crowd was filled with plenty of younger people like Max Madigan , of Farmington Hills , who has come four years in a row now . “ I just come to listen to the speakers . It 's a chill event with cool people , ” they said . “ There 's nothing bad about it. ” Courtney Marks , from Corunna , said this their third time coming out . “ It 's a great environment to be in , ” they said , adding that what they like most about the event is “ being able to walk around and smoke your cigaweed and being to be around everyone else who enjoys it as well. ” Politicians were also on hand to talk about various marijuana legislation . Ann Arbor city councilperson and mayor hopeful Sabra Briere was on hand to talk about how the city has been a leader in reforming marijuana laws . “ What got me engaged in this was n't medical marijuana , it 's fairness , ” they said . “ It 's equity . I want rules that make sense , that are easy to follow and that are fair to everybody. ” State Rep. Jeff Irwin ( D-Ann Arbor ) talked about a bill making it 's way through Lansing that would make all of Michigan like Ann Arbor where anyone with an ounce or less of marijuana would get a $ 25 ticket . “ Make it statewide , ” they said . “ Make sure we stop wasting hundreds of millions of dollars a year on … arresting and incarcerating marijuana users , and redirect those resources to fixing our schools and fixing our roads and building our economy. ” State Rep. Mike Callton ( R-Nashville ) has a different bill passed in the House by 95-14 that would establish medical marijuana on the state law books . The bill heads to the Senate where , if it passes , it would need to be signed by Gov . Rick Snyder . “ I hear the governor is from Ann Arbor . Maybe that will help , ” they said .
John Counts covers crime and breaking news for The Ann Arbor News . They can be reached at johncounts @ mlive.com or you can follow them on Twitter . Find all Washtenaw County crime stories here .
EXCLUSIVE / The European Commission will launch a sanctions procedure against Spain and Portugal or the first time , as the college concluded on Tuesday ( 10 May ) that the two countries have not made “ sufficient effort ” to cut their deficits , euractiv.com has learned .
The college held an orientation debate on how to deal with the most difficult cases under EU fiscal rules and the country-specific recommendations for member states .
The Commission will unveil a package of fiscal and structural reforms recommendations on 18 May .
During the orientation debate , there was a “ broad acknowledgement ” that Spain and Portugal are cases for stepping up the procedure , an EU source told EURACTIV .
Sanctions loom over Spain for breaching fiscal rules The fourth largest economy in the eurozone is about to become the first country to be punished for breaking the EU 's Stability and Growth Pact , EURACTIV.com has learned .
In recent weeks , Spain has tried to persuade the executive not only about its efforts to cut the deficit from 9 % of GDP to 5 % of GDP , but postpone making a decision about its deficit given the exceptional political situation in the country .
Spain will go to the polls again on 26 June , after the Socialists failed to form a coalition government , following the inconclusive elections held on 20 December .
But EU sources explained that the “ data is very clear ” and shows that neither Madrid nor Lisbon made the structural efforts required to cut their deficit below the mandatory 3 % of GDP .
Moreover , Commissioner for the Euro , Valdis Dombrovskis , wants a single approach in order to avoid complaints from Portugal about favourable treatment given to larger member states like Spain .
Once the executive adopts its decision next week , the recommendation for stepping up the procedure will pass to the Ecofin Council .
Before next week 's presentation , Dombrovskis , and Commissioner for Economic Affairs Pierre Moscovici , will determine which additional intrusive measures are to be taken in order to guarantee that Spain and Portugal will fulfil the fiscal rules .
Both Commissioners should agree on the new calendar given to the capitals and whether to impose a fine for breaching the rules .
Only when the member states endorse the Commission 's recommendation , will the institution decide on how to enforce the decision and the size of the potential fine .
According to EU rules , the fine could be up to 0.2 % of GDP , but EU sources reiterated that it could be reduced .
In May 2015 , Spain was also the first country to be sanctioned for “ serious negligence ” in handling statistical data in the Valencia region . Even though the punishment could have amounted to 0.2 % of GDP , the executive took into account various mitigating factors and finally hit Spain with a €19 million fine .
In regards to the calendar for Spain , Dombrovskis and Moscovici disagree on how much time the country would need to meet the fiscal targets .
While the former prime minister of Latvia wants only one year , the French politician prefers granting an extra two years to the Spanish government .
Italy
Both Commissioners are to discuss the Italian situation further . Although the country also represents another difficult case for the Commission , as it is of a different nature given that the Italian economy is not under the excessive deficit procedure .
However , the executive is considering whether to launch a new procedure against the country , given its failure to reduce its high level of public debt ( 132.7 % ) .
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is fighting tooth and nail to get additional flexibility from Brussels to rein in its debt in light of the additional costs brought on by the refugee crisis .
The Juncker Commission is reluctant to grant more flexibility , given that this would not be the first time and “ some numbers do n't add up ” , EU sources explained .
Political uncertainty
The first sanctions to be imposed under the fiscal rules will come against the backdrop of the most difficult period since the EU was founded more than six decades ago .
The United Kingdom 's membership referendum on 23 June , the refugee crisis and the unraveling of Schengen , the terrorist threat , the sluggish economic recovery , the rise of populist forces and tensions with Russia all threaten the European project .
The week when Europe was hit by a perfect storm The result of the Dutch referendum was the latest in a series of serious setbacks for the European project . The second week of April could be remembered as the moment when all the fronts in Europe 's multifaceted crisis started to converge , writes Jorge Valero .
Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told Commissioners on Tuesday ( 10 May ) that the political consequences of any decision about Spain , Portugal and Italy should be factored in before making any final recommendations to the Council .
Speaking on condition of anonymity , another European source emphasised that this is a “ highly political ” issue , and that the debate held in the college was therefore “ very important ” .
The State of Vermont insists that it needs to have oversight of Entergy 's Vermont Yankee Decommissioning fund . They have often asked for a `` seat at the table '' when fund disbursements are planned . The state recently petitioned the NRC , asking the NRC to investigate Entergy 's finances , and whether or not Entergy would have sufficient funds to decommission Vermont Yankee . NRC turned down that petition , but the state is back at it.On Friday , November 6 , groups within the state government ( the Attorney General , the Department of Public Service ) along with Green Mountain Power , brought a new petition . This new petition to the NRC attempts to limit usage of the Vermont Yankee Decommissioning Fund.While the earlier petition pretty much asked for an investigation , this new petition can best be described as insulting . Here 's a quote from the petition , according to VTDigger 's State Ramps Up Pressure on NRC to Review Yankee Spending Wow . `` Entergydivert . '' Crystal ball time ! Actually , what Entergydo is that Entergyfollow all the rules and the guidelines of the NRC . But the state does n't like that . The state could write : `` Hey , NRC , we do n't like your guidelines and rules . '' Instead , the state leads off with an insult directed at Entergy . ( Vermont Business Magazine also has a lengthy article on this new petition . ) I found this `` [ Entergy ] will divert millions of dollars '' funny , because I have a sick sense of humor sometimes.Let 's say I was required to rank Vermont 's ability to oversee projects : say I had to rank Vermont 's project oversight on a scale from one to ten . I would give the state a negative-five rating.wants to oversee how Entergy spends its funds ? Is this a joke ? You do n't have to dig very deep to come up with huge examples of inadequate project oversight by the state of Vermont . I will give a short list , along with one or two links for each example . Each of these situations has a long and well-documented history . I could be here for two days , inserting links.This is the big one . The Shumlin administration wanted to bring single-payer to Vermont , and so it did n't sign up with the federal government for an Affordable Care website . Other states obtained and customized the federal website , and got their Affordable Care websites going fairly quickly , and at reasonable cost . Vermont decided to build its own software , which did n't work and cost over $ 200 million . At this point , we are trapped because , after all , who else can maintain this custom software ? Costs go to $ 200 Million . VTDigger . Trapped in Expensive Quicksand . John McClaughry of Ethan Allen Institute.This is big , also . Basically , Vermont Gas Systems ( part of Gaz Metro ) proposed a pipeline that was supposed to cost $ 80 million dollars . Pipeline technology is comparatively straight-forward : this is not a first-of-a-kind project . The estimated costs have now risen to $ 150 million , to be paid by Vermont ratepayers . This cost increase would have put the state Public Service Board ( which approved the project ) in a bind where they might have to take some action . Instead , the administration and Gaz Metro did a de facto end run around the Public Service Board , signing a Memorandum of Understanding and getting the Public Service Board off the hook . AARP is very upset about the effect on ratepayers . AARP accuses Vermont of End Run in MOU with state . VTDiggerThis is not so big , but somewhat indicative . In its agreement with the state concerning the last months of Vermont Yankee 's operation , Entergy promised to send the state $ 2 million per year , for five years ( total $ 10 million ) for Windham County economic development . The state has received $ 4 million of these funds , and I believe is due to receive another $ 2 million sometime in the next two months.The state is sitting on most of these funds . So far , it has awarded around $ 800,000 . The Governor makes the final decision on all awards . The Governor says they did n't award the money because the proposals just were n't good enough . If I lived in Windham County , I might find this insulting.Inadequate project management by the state ? Or inadequate proposals ? Or the state being comfortable by keeping an extra few million in the bank for a while ? Whatever reason the state has for not-releasing those funds , the funds are currently not-growing the economy of Windham County . State Reboots Application Process for Entergy Money . Times Argus -- -- -I have years of experience and interest in project management . I managed small projects at Acurex , back in the late 70s . In the early 80s , I joined the Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) , where my title was `` Project Manager . '' At EPRI , first I managed projects in the renewable division , and later in the nuclear division . I left EPRI to go into business with a friend . The name of the business was Crescent Project Management . I think it is still going , but my friend and I went our separate ways , business-wise . Then I started Fourth Floor Databases , Inc. As president of that company , I competed for , won , and managed many projects for utilities . I closed the company after eleven years . Meeting a payroll in a small business is very stressful.More recently , I have been very interested in the author Nevil Shute . They were a working engineer , a business owner , and an author . In September of this year , I gave a talk at the Nevil Shute Society conference in Oxford . All the talks at the Conference are posted here , and here is a direct link to the audio for my talk : Nevil Shute for Project Managers
Commanders ,
The sun wo n't shine much this weekend . It will be blotted out by shells !
From Saturday 17 May at 07:10 until Tuesday 20 May at 07:00 CEST ( UTC +2 ) you will be able to benefit from the following in-game bonuses :
Double Crew Experience for every battle
Train your crews at double the rate !
50 % Credit Income Bonus on all standard SPGs , tier II – V
Strike fear and shells into the hearts of the enemy and enjoy great profits !
30 % Discount on all standard SPGs , tier VI – VII
Get yourself an SPG and feel like a thundergod !
50 % Discount on crew ( Re- ) Training
Train new crews or assign them to new vehicles at half the price , whether you use gold or credits .
Missions
Stormy May Day Reward 50,000 Requirements
SPGs tier IV or above only
Random and Team battles only Conditions Earn a total of 5,000 XP over any number of battles
Maximum : 3 times per day
Be in the top 10 players on your team by base experience earned ( bonuses for the first victory , premium account , etc. , will not be counted to determine the rankings ) .
It 's Clearing Up Reward 100,000 Requirements Tier IV or above only
Random and Team Battles only Conditions Destroy a total of 5 enemy SPGs over any number of battles
Maximum : 3 times per day
Team Assist Reward 3 x Large Repair Kit Requirements Random and Team Battles only Conditions Earn a total of 5,000 damage assist points through spotting over any number of battles
Maximum : 3 times per day
Commanders , watch the sky and do n't get thunderstruck !
National Infrastructure Commission says UK is being held back by poor mobile connectivity and calls for end to ‘ digital deserts '
Britain 's 4G mobile phone coverage is worse than that in Albania , Panama , Peru and Romania , with users able to connect barely half the time , a government infrastructure watchdog has found .
In a major new report , the National Infrastructure Commission said the UK is being held back by poor mobile phone connectivity , as it called for an end to “ digital deserts ” in places that should have adequate signals such as rail routes , roads and city centres .
Countries including the US and Japan already have data volumes four to five higher than the UK , the report found .
The commission , chaired by Andrew Adonis , the crossbench peer and former Labour minister , said the government must now ensure that the next generation of 5G spectrum does not have the failures that dog 4G coverage .
“ Britain is 54th in the world for 4G coverage , and the typical user can only access 4G barely half the time , ” Adonis said . “ Our 4G network is worse than Romania and Albania , Panama and Peru . Our roads and railways can feel like digital deserts and even our city centres are plagued by not spots where connectivity is impossible .
“ That is n't just frustrating , it is increasingly holding British business back as more and more of our economy requires a connected workforce . ”
In a list of recommendations , it argued there should be a new dedicated cabinet minister in charge of the UK 's digital future , ensuring mobile connectivity is competitive with the rest of the world .
On top of that , it called for ministers and Ofcom , the media regulator , to work together to ensure a set of standards known as a universal service obligation no later than 2025 .
The crucial priorities for coverage are key rail routes , major roads such as motorways and all towns and cities , Adonis said .
“ 5G is the future – ultra-fast and ultra-reliable , it has the potential to change our lives and our economy in ways we can not even imagine today . But the UK is currently languishing in the digital slow lane , ” they added .
“ 5G offers us a chance to start again and get ahead . If government acts now we can ensure our major transport networks and urban centres are 5G ready in time to give British industry every chance to lead the world in exploiting its applications .
“ But none of this will matter unless we bring our mobile network up to speed . The existing system does not provide the level of coverage we will need in our connected future . We need a new universal service obligation which ensures that the mobile essentials – like text , talk and data – are available to us wherever we need them . ”
Grant Shapps , the former Tory chairperson who now leads the British Infrastructure Group of MPs , said the report should be a wakeup call for the government , as they accused them of being too willing to listen to the excuses of mobile phone operators about poor signal .
“ This confirms what we have been saying for a long time . Over the years , ministers have been far too easy on the glib promises given by the telecoms providers and I think that has been combined with ineffective and weak regulation from Ofcom , ” Shapps said .
“ Britain can not afford to repeat the outcome of the 5G network that we have had with the 4G network and so the British Infrastructure is calling on the prime minister to appoint a cabinet minister to oversee the recommendations of this report and make sure this person is accountable for delivering 5G throughout the UK .
UK 4G coverage is worse than in Peru . We need a minister for the internet | Charles Arthur Read more
“ Unfortunately there has been a very long history of believing what the telecoms companies say rather than questioning it . The fact the report was commissioned is a good thing but Britain should be all about infrastructure in this post-Brexit world and here is a real wake-up call to make sure it actually happens this time . ”
The National Infrastructure Commission was established last year by George Osborne , the then chancellor , to advise the government on critical challenges related to the UK 's networks such as transport , telecommunications , energy and utilities .
5G networks are not expected to become available until 2020 but Ofcom has already begun preparations for auctioning off the spectrum .
The round of 4G auctions raised less than Osborne had hoped for in 2012 and much of the UK is still plagued with “ not spots ” of poor signal .
In a recent report backed by 90 MPs from all parties , the British Infrastructure Group proposed an amendment to the government 's digital economy bill to allow Ofcom to fine mobile operators that did not meet the targets of a 2014 agreement .
That deal gave the four large network operators ( MNOs ) another chance to fix mobile “ not spots ” after they said they would pump £5bn into improving coverage across the UK by December 2017 in return for the government not pursuing a system of national roaming .
BIG said it found little evidence to suggest that the mobile sector would meet the targets of this agreement to provide coverage to 90 % of the UK 's geographic area , and called for a progress update to be published by the end of 2016 .
In what other industry would you have confidence enough to let the people with the most to gain act without regulation ? Would car companies be so concerned with passenger safety without regulation ? Would you want doctors to practice unregulated- no assurance they 'd act with YOUR best interest in mind ? Lawyers ? Accountants ? Toy Manufacturers ? Food processors ? I 'm not suggesting there 's nothing good about a free-market economy , nor am I suggesting every insurance company or investment firm is run by greedy executives , but there have been snake-oil salespersons preying upon the unwary since before the dawn of history as nearly as I can determine .
In case you wonder if deregulation is the pivotal policy that led to the collapse onWall Street , here 's a quick , easily-grasped explanation that should help you grasp why that lofty `` ideal '' has failed in our never-quite-ideal real world . Are you surprised that some have tried to use the crisis for their own political or financial gain ? We left foxes guarding the chicken coop . It 's time for a carefully considered change .
• END Golden Parachutes -- Taxpayer dollars should not be used to reward the irresponsible , greedy Wall Street executives who lobbied for deregulation and engineered this disaster . Those who have earned millions must return their salaries as a starting point ... imagine if that money might be used to PAY those loans down .
• TAXPAYERS , Not Just Wall Street -- Any bailout plan must include a payback strategy for taxpayers who are footing the bill and aid to innocent homeowners who are facing foreclosure .
• Bipartisan Oversight -- $ 700,000,000,000 is a staggering amount of money involved , and since it 's coming from taxes the source MANDATES bipartisan expert oversight to ensure accountability .
A 51-year-old Catholic priest from Govandi , recently arrested for sexually abusing a teenage boy , is also being investigated by a three-member committee instituted by the Archdiocese.The Catholic community will be paying close attention to the legal and ecclesiastic proceedings—this is the first case to come to light after the Catholic Bishop Conference of India ( CBCI ) set a protocol to deal with child sexual abuse by the clergy , that was then approved by the Vatican.The Shivaji Nagar police arrested Fr Lawrence Johnson on Nov 27 for allegedly abusing a 13-year-old boy at a church . Johnson , now in judicial custody , was arrested under Section 377 ( Unnatural sex ) and several sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act. “ The charges are grave and we have taken the allegations seriously , ” said Fr Nigel Barrett , spokesperson for the Archdiocese . As per the recently formulated protocol , the three-member committee appointed by the diocese will conduct a thorough investigation and submit a report to the cardinal . That report will be sent onward to Rome , and if the Vatican decides there is due cause , another line of investigation may be ordered . Based on final findings , the accused could be suspended or defrocked. “ The cardinal set up the investigation committee even before the priest was taken into custody , ” said Barrett . The church 's investigation will only rule on Johnson 's fitness as a spiritual leader , and it will in no way interfere with the criminal proceedings . Johnson has served in the clergy for 15 years , at four churches in the city.The Catholic community 's heightened interest in what transpires has much to do with Their Holiness Pope Francis , who been very vocal about not sweeping sexual abuse under the vestaments . “ Pope Francis has clearly outlined a zero tolerance policy towards sex abuse . Hence the Archdiocese of Bombay must follow to ensure that the set call is implemented , ” said Dolphy D'souza , former president of Bombay Catholic Sabha . “ It has to be handled sensitively and it should also set an example. ” Anil Joseph , another member of the community , also embraced the change , saying , “ Such incidents of sexual crimes and paedophilia by priests , not just among the catholic clergy but other religions too , were often brushed under the carpet in the past . The community will not allow this to continue. ” Senior police inspector Balasaheb Jadhav said that the medical examination of the boy has confirmed injury due to sexual assault . “ The case is still under investigation . The statement of the boy will be recorded before the magistrate next week . We have sent samples to the Forensic Science Laboratory and are awaiting conclusive reports . ”
Enter your current altitude , orbital velocity , and periapsis distance into the calculator at right . The calculator will give the time in ( d , h , m , s ) till atmospheric entry , max drag , v = 250 m/s , and landing , or atmospheric exit ( where applicable ) .
The calculator assumes that your ship is headed down toward periapsis . To use this calculator when your ship is headed up toward apoapsis , add twice the 'time to apoapsis ' from the game to the results .
How to Use the Solution
This calculator is primarily meant for use with mods like RemoteTech where craft can not be controlled instantly ; rather , burns and actions must be pre-programmed .
Program the ship it to retract fragile solar panels , antennas , etc before atmospheric entry , and to deploy parachutes after slowing to ~250 m/s . Remember to wait longer before opening solar panels , else they may break when the chutes fully open .
If your goal is an aerocapture , program the ship to circularize its orbit at the appropriate time .
Suggestions for Best Results
The calculator will probably not work for ships with lift surfaces , because the lift force depends on the craft 's orientation in the atmosphere . Lift forces are not considered .
Sometimes , when coming out of timewarp , the periapsis will jump around a bit , potentially messing up the re-entry maneuver ...
How it Works
Given a current altitude , orbital velocity , and periapsis , we have enough information to resolve the orbit of the ship ( there are some ambiguities in orientation , but they do not matter for this problem ) . The point of intersection of this orbit with the atmosphere and the velocity of the ship at that point are calculated . Using these data , the trajectory in the atmosphere is determined using numerical methods . If the ship reaches the ground , the time and altitude of maximum drag and of reaching 250 m/s ( in the Orbital frame , not the Surface frame ) will be given , and the time of landing/impact ( assuming no parachutes ) will be given . If the ship escapes , the velocity at which the ship escapes the atmosphere is found , and used to compute the new orbit .
Q & A
MANILA ( Reuters ) - Philippine security forces killed 54 Islamist militants linked to the Jemaah Islamiah group in a week-long air and ground offensive in the country 's south , an army spokesperson said on Monday.The fighting took place near the stronghold of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which signed a peace deal with the government in 2014 to end 45 years of conflict that killed 120,000 people and stunted growth in the resource-rich areas .
Major Filemon Tan said two soldiers were killed and nine wounded after air force planes dropped bombs on the militants ' positions and ground troops pounded them with artillery fire , in the town of Butig in Lanao del Sur , from Tuesday .
“ The artillery fire did more damage than the bombs , ” Tan added . “ Our troops saw the enemies fall and , based on estimates , we killed 54 . They beheaded two sawmill workers and toppled a power line in the area . ”
The fighting has displaced about 2,000 people from five villages in Butig , regional officials said .
About a decade ago , the MILF had expelled Jemaah Islamiah members from the area in preparation for peace talks brokered by Malaysia , and avoid getting a “ terrorist ” tag from the U.S. State Department .
The military said Jemaah Islamiah-linked militants returned to the area when a law to grant autonomy to Muslim areas , under the government deal with the MILF , failed to pass in Congress .
President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has promised to pursue peace with Muslim rebels , proposing a new federal scheme to grant more political and economic powers to Muslim-dominated areas in the south .
I think most of us have a family member who is kind of similar to Donald Trump . This family member has probably had some amount of success in business or some other personal endeavor , and feels that this makes them qualified to opine loudly on every item of world affairs that comes down the pike .
Generally , this person will opine loudly and confidently that the solution to basically every problem can be shoehorned into some paradigm that has served them well in their professional endeavors , and that if only the idiots in Washington did this one simple thing ( that only they in their infinite wisdom have ever come up with , everything would be fine ) .
The polite thing to do with such people is to smile and nod along because generally speaking , to disagree is to point out that they are fundamentally ignorant of so many facts that to point them out would be embarrassing and impolite . After all , what does it hurt to let your cantankerous drunken uncle believe that they have a Cassandra Complex ?
Unfortunately for America , one of those people is running for President and has at least a reasonable shot of securing one of the two major parties ' nominations . The last two weeks have been a basically unending exposé of Trump 's failure to understand basic facts about how the world works .
Most recently , our loudmouth uncle was confidently blathering on about how they could fix our national deficit by negotiating better trade deals . Unfortunately , what this entire exchange shows was that Trump does n't even understand that “ national deficit ” and “ trade deficit ” are not the same thing – and in fact are not even related to one another . We could have trade surpluses with every nation on the planet and still have a massive national deficit .
Before that , Trump was opining that it would be a matter of complete indifference to America if Japan and North Korea started launching nukes at one another ( a facially insane claim on its face just based on the effect such an event would have on the global economy , just for starters ) , but even more nonsensically they claimed that Japan 's mighty military could take care of the problem . As you might be aware if you know your rectal canal from a hole in the ground , Japan has been constitutionally prohibited from having a standing army since World War 2 .
But let 's not stop there – how about the incalculable damage Trump did to the pro-life movement last week by not knowing what to say about whether a woman should be punished for having an abortion . They finished off their week of unending disaster by declaring that abortion laws should n't be changed at all , even though they believe abortion is murder . It 's just one kind of murder that should be legal , I guess .
Every time you think Trump has hit rock bottom in terms of showing that they really has no clue what they are talking about and is completely out of their depth in opining about literally any matter involving public policy , they break out a shovel . The only question right now is how low they will go and who all they will take down with him .
Scrap metal is a miscellaneous item in Fallout 3 and Fallout : New Vegas .
Contents show ]
Fallout 3 Edit
The ammo press in The Pitt can be used to melt scrap metal down into ammunition . The ammunition returned by the press is greater than the scrap metal input . For example , the press will return one thousand shotgun shells in exchange for five hundred pieces of scrap metal .
Repeatable quests Edit
Locations Edit
67 pieces of scrap metal can be found throughout the Capital Wasteland in fixed locations without add-ons . It is usually either found in toolboxes or sold through specific random encounter merchants .
List of locations
20 on shelves in the bunk area of Meresti Metro station .
11 spread throughout RobCo facility 's factory floor .
13 in the robot repair center .
Tinker Joe can have up to 10 pieces for one bottle cap apiece . They can be found outside in the parking lot of the RobCo facility at certain times of the day .
Random encounters
Toolboxes have high scrap metal probability .
All varieties of robots will usually have scrap metal in their inventory upon death .
Crazy Wolfgang , scavengers and traders who deal in miscellaneous goods .
Fallout : New Vegas Edit
Much like in Fallout 3 , scrap metal in Fallout : New Vegas can be turned in to various non-player characters for unmarked quests . It is also a useful alternative to a higher Repair skill when trying to repair certain objects . It is a necessary component in the crafting of the weapon repair kit . It can also be broken down into 200 units of lead , which is used in the crafting of ammunition at a reloading bench . However , lead is the easiest component of ammunition to get ; the primer , powder and casings are all less commonplace .
Related quests Edit
Locations Edit
Scrap metal can be found throughout the Mojave Wasteland .
Crafting Edit
With the addition of the Honest Hearts add-on , player characters are given two options to craft scrap metal from commonly available items . Both recipes are available immediately upon installation of the add-on and can be accessed from any workbench so long as the player character has a Repair skill of 25 or above .
The `` Meals-to-Metal '' recipe calls for the non-metallic variant of the butter knife , rather than the less common metal version .
Behind the scenes Edit
Scrap metal was originally called `` spare parts '' and was designed to function just like alien epoxy ( which was added to Fallout 3 with the Mothership Zeta add-on ) , but this idea was dropped during pre-production . Evidence of this still remains in the item 's internal EditorID : `` SpareParts . '' In The Outcast Collection Agent quest , the speech choice to give scrap metal to Casdin refers them as `` spare parts . ''
CTVNews.ca Staff
A former top Mountie says the RCMP has `` strong grounds '' to lay criminal charges in connection with the Senate expense scandal , based on what 's alleged in media reports .
Speaking on CTV 's Question Period Sunday , former RCMP superintendent Garry Clement said they believe investigators can consider laying fraud or , `` more appropriately , '' breach of trust charges under the Criminal Code .
`` If you look at the allegations and you look at the Senate Act and the ways it 's described as housing goes , then I think that 's probably the approach they 'll take , '' Clement said . `` From my read of the Act and from what 's been alleged through the media I think they have pretty strong grounds . ''
The RCMP 's sensitive and international investigations unit is looking at the expense claims of Senators Mike Duffy , Mac Harb and Patrick Brazeau .
An external audit has ordered Harb and Brazeau to repay tens of thousands of dollars in invalid expense claims . Duffy paid back just over $ 90,000 before the audit was released .
Last week , the Mounties asked for Senate documents related to claim policies , saying they are needed `` to make a determination on whether there are grounds to commence a criminal investigation . ''
CTV 's Ottawa Bureau Chief Robert Fife reported last week that Nigel Wright , Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's chief of staff , helped Duffy pay back the $ 90,172 by writing them a personal cheque .
Clement said that as an RCMP investigator , they would want to know the circumstances surrounding the transaction between Wright and Duffy .
Wright resigned amid the growing scandal , saying in a statement that they believed repaying the funds that Duffy had improperly claimed was `` in the public interest . ''
They said they accept sole responsibility on the matter , but questions were immediately raised about Harper 's knowledge of the situation .
Harper has said that they were unaware of Wright 's decision to give Duffy the $ 90,000 .
`` Mr. Wright is a lawyer so I would think or hope that they dotted their i 's and crossed their t 's , '' Clement said .
Clement said investigators probing the transaction would be looking for any documentation that may shed light on the circumstances of the loan or handout .
However , the existence of a legal document outlining the terms of any secret deal between Wright and Duffy does n't necessarily indicate the transaction was lawful , Clement added .
`` The fact it was drafted by legal counsel does n't necessarily mean it can not be construed to having breached some law , '' they said .
Last week , New Democrats asked Senate Ethics Officer Lyse Ricard to launch an investigation in the matter , claiming the $ 90,000 cheque from Wright violated ethics rules that prohibit senators from accepting gifts .
Under the Senate Conflict of Interest Code , all gifts over $ 500 must be reported within 30 days .
CTV News also revealed last week that the final version of Duffy 's audit report was whitewashed to remove some damning language that accused them of breaking the Senate 's residency rules .
Clement said such allegations call into question the full authenticity of the report .
`` If I was investigating or directing the investigation , I 'm going to be going back to the auditors , looking for all of the initial reports , including all drafts , and looking for who directed the change to take place , '' Clement said .
OC 334/2017 - Labour Relations Board Membership Changes ( Minister of Labour Relations and Workplace Safety ) - Publications Centre
OC 334/2017 - Labour Relations Board Membership Changes ( Minister of Labour Relations and Workplace Safety )
Description : Title : Labour Relations Board Membership Changes
Minister : Minister of Labour Relations and Workplace Safety
Summary : Further to Your Honour 's Order 352/2016 , dated August 18 , 2016 , orders the following changes to the Labour Relations Board :
Person Address Term Cancel Gloria M. Cymbalisty Regina expired Duane Siemens Saskatoon expired Appoint Shelley Boutin-Gervais Battleford 3 years from OC date Reappoint Don W. Ewart Saskatoon 3 years from OC date Jim Holmes Regina 3 years from OC date John McCormick Regina 3 years from OC date Bert Ottenson Regina 3 years from OC date Michael Wainwright Fort Qu'Appelle 3 years from OC date Confirm Ken Love , Chairperson Regina March 6 , 2018 Graeme Mitchell , Q.C. ,
Vice-Chairperson Regina March 1 , 2021 Ken Ahl Regina August 18 , 2019 Shawna Colpitts Saskatoon August 18 , 2019 Bettyann Cox Regina August 18 , 2019 Brenda Cuthbert Saskatoon August 18 , 2019 Kent Kornelsen Saskatoon August 18 , 2019 Gary Mearns Saskatoon August 18 , 2019 Allan Parenteau Regina August 18 , 2019 Steven Seiferling Regina August 18 , 2019 Laura Sommervill Saskatoon August 18 , 2019 Hugh Wagner Regina August 18 , 2019 Maurice Werezak Wakaw August 18 , 2019 Joan White Saskatoon August 18 , 2019 Brian Barber Regina Beach August 18 , 2019 Shelley Boutin-Gervais Battleford 3 years from OC date Don W. Ewart Saskatoon 3 years from OC date Jim Holmes Regina 3 years from OC date John McCormick Regina 3 years from OC date Bert Ottenson Regina 3 years from OC date Michael Wainwright Fort Qu'Appelle 3 years from OC date
See : The Saskatchewan Employment Act , section 6-93
Related Products
These publications are related to the currently selected product as determined by the agency cataloguing the document :
May We Suggest ...
The following are some but certainly not all products related to the currently displayed product :
Cruel beyond words : The disabled dog 'buried alive by school caretakers annoyed by its barking '
Traumatised and just minutes from death , a disabled stray was rescued after allegedly being buried alive by school caretakers .
Police think the unwanted pet had annoyed the men by barking and they callously vowed to bury them alive in the school playing field as punishment .
Horrified witnesses spotted the disabled stray , now named Warrior after their ordeal , yelping for mercy as they were buried in the Cape Town township of Khayelitsh .
No mercy : Warrior , as they have now been named by rescue workers , was found buried five feet under the ground , covered in dirt
They called animal welfare officers who managed to get the school before Warrior suffocated in their makeshift grave .
Two men , who are caretakers at the Luhlaza Secondary School , were arrested by police who confirmed they had been charged with animal cruelty .
Rescuers said the desperate animal was close to death when officials arrived later to dig it out .
Shocking pictures of the rescue show it gasping for air as it was pulled out from the sand .
Stray : Police said the caretakers buried the unwanted pet after their barking got in their nerves
Haunted : Warrior , just after being rescued , is making a slow and steady recovery
Animal welfare boss Christina Pretorius said the dog was saved by a local vet and their assistant who received an anonymous tip off about its live burial at 8.30am yesterday .
They said : 'They rushed to the school and apprehended two caretakers on the school field . The men initially claimed the dog was dead , but on further questioning admitted the animal was still alive when they buried it .
'They said one of the school 's senior supervisors had told them to get rid of the dog as it was being a nuisance by hanging around the classrooms . ' The dog was discovered at the bottom of a pit which had been dug five foot deep .
It was rescued by officials and taken to a local veterinarian practice for an examination .
Experts said the animal was disabled , although it is believed that it could have been injured during a previous road traffic accident .
Lucky : Rescue workers had to dig for five feet below ground in cape Town to find the stray dog , luckily the stray was still alive when they were found
Police spokesperson Frederick van Wyk today confirmed two 59-year-old men had been arrested and would be charged .
They said : 'The two men were arrested on Thursday afternoon and they remain in custody . They will be charged with animal cruelty under the Animal Act . '
Officials said they believed the suspects buried the dog on the orders of a senior caretaker who had become tired of it hanging around the state-run school .
Cape Town 's provincial government last night launched an investigation into the incident .
Department of education spokesperson Bronagh Casey said : 'We are horrified by this incident and our district office is investigating . '
Warrior was today receiving medical assistance at Khayelitsha 's Mdzananda Animal Clinic , which is backed by the International Fund for Animal Welfare .
Centre manager Jane Levinson said : 'This story is tragic and , as awful as this story is , without access to animal welfare these are the kinds of desperate measures people resort to when they have nowhere to turn for help .
A pictorial history of Houston as it transformed , over and over again , between the 1930s and the 1990s .
More than 200 images by Houston 's Bob Bailey Studios , collected in Houston on the Move : A Photographic History ( excerpted here ) , cover its growth from a sleepy town to an oil-and-space industry colossus — a place always imagining its future . A commercial photographer often hired by Houston businesses and industries , Bailey photographed the city from a startlingly white point of view ; few of their images reflect the town 's diversity , an absence that seems , in and of itself , a 20th century relic .
But the studio 's work , archived at the Dolph Briscoe Center for American History , spans such a vast period of time — from the 1930s to 1991 — that the images create a pictorial history of Houston as it transformed over and over again . Captured in the book are multiple iterations of Houston — as an infant city with a handful of skyscrapers , in ruins after the 1947 Texas City Disaster , resplendent with Madison Avenue-like storefront displays , gritty and streamlined in the '80s . Until this book , its introduction points out , many Houstonians “ thought that their memories were the only record left of demolished buildings and city landmarks . ”
Re : Where 's Bill ?
From : brentbbi @ webtv.net To : john.podesta @ gmail.com Date : 2015-09-08 13:56 Subject : Re : Where 's Bill ?
Sen. Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulThe Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE ( R-Ky. ) , in their first interview since returning to the Senate , said Monday there is `` no justification '' for the reported assault that left them with six broken ribs and a damaged lung .
“ From my perspective , I 'm not really too concerned about what someone 's motive is . I 'm just concerned that I was attacked from the back and somebody broke six of my ribs and gave me a damaged lung where , at least for now , I have trouble speaking and breathing and now I 've hurt for 10 days , ” Paul told Paul Bedard , a columnist for The Washington Examiner .
“ There is no motive that would justify hitting somebody from behind and breaking their ribs and damaging their lungs , so no , there is no justification for something like that , ” the former Republican presidential candidate added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Paul was allegedly attacked from behind by their neighbor as they were doing yard work earlier this month .
The suspect , Rene Boucher , was charged with fourth-degree assault and released over the weekend on $ 7,500 bond .
Paul said the two men have not had any interaction in a decade .
“ My first encounter was basically being hit in the back , ” they told the Examiner . “ We 've never had words over anything , we 've never had a dispute or discussion or words . ”
The Kentucky senator , whose injuries could take months to heal , said “ there is going to be a criminal prosecution . ”
Boucher , who shares property line with Paul in Bowling Green , Ky. , pleaded not guilty to the misdemeanor assault charge during a court appearance last week .
The motives for the mysterious incident are not yet known . Boucher 's lawyer has denied that the attack was politically motivated .
The Examiner report also highlights that Boucher has criticized President Trump and Republicans on social media .
Paul returned to Capitol Hill on Monday during an important week for Republicans as they move forward with their tax-reform efforts .
Despite “ Spring Breakers ” becoming a surprise indie hit earlier this year , Selena Gomez has yet to convert their Disney cachet into major box office coin . Them Labor Day weekend actioner “ Getaway ” is poised to putter past the starting line with a projected debut well under $ 10 million .
Gomez 's most ardent fans could push the Warner Bros.-Dark Castle film toward $ 6 million- $ 8 million over four days , making it the young star 's lowest-grossing wide opening to date . Most teens will be preoccupied this weekend with Sony 's music doc “ One Direction : This Is Us , ” which looks to win the weekend with $ 20 million-plus through the Monday holiday .
Attempting to satisfy more sophisticated palates , Focus Features ' adult thriller “ Closed Circuit ” bowed Wednesday , but will only gross $ 5 million , at best , in six days . The film started with a paltry nearly $ 250,000 opening day gross .
SEE ALSO : Selena Gomez , Ethan Hawke in ‘ Stuntman 's Dream Come True '
Not surprisingly , “ One Direction ” led advanced ticket sales Thursday , according to one online ticketer , with the Weinstein Co. 's “ Lee Daniels ' The Butler ” trailing in pre-sales .
Related Broadway Review : 'True West ' With Ethan Hawke , Paul Dano Hitmaker of the Month : How Geffen 's Neil Jacobson Took 'Taki Taki ' to the Finish Line
After spending two weekends at No . 1 , “ The Butler ” should drop to second place , likely grossing around $ 12 million in four days . Pic 's totaled nearly $ 56 million so far domestically .
With auds spending much of Labor Day weekend outdoors , the four-day frame typically is one of the slowest at the box office . Genre films targeted at younger auds sometimes overperformed though : last year , Lionsgate 's scarer “ The Possession ” earned the second-highest Labor Day gross , with $ 21 million in four days .
SEE ALSO : Selena Gomez Scores First No . 1 Album With ‘ Stars Dance '
“ One Direction , ” which bows at 2,735 Stateside locations , represents a low-risk project for Sony , budgeted for approximately $ 10 million . The music doc is dominating in social media , and there 's not likely to be much cannibalization from the “ Getaway ” aud given the thriller 's 0 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes .
The $ 18 million-budgeted thriller , co-starring Ethan Hawke , who had a hit earlier this summer with “ The Purge , ” is depending on Gomez to help broaden its appeal to younger auds . The former Disney star 's online profile was heightened this week reacting to Miley Cyrus ' controversial performance at the VMAs , which Gomez attended .
Still , Gomez 's highest-grossing live-action film , Fox 's “ Ramona and Beezus , ” topped out at just $ 26 million in 2010 . March release “ Spring Breakers ” — which starred another Disney alum Vanessa Hudgens — managed to tap into the youthful demo , reaching $ 14 million domestic .
SEE ALSO : Selena Gomez , Bella Thorne To Be Honored at Young Hollywood Awards
Hoping to attract Hispanic adults this weekend , Lionsgate-Pantelion bows family comedy “ Instructions Not Included , ” starring Eugenio Derbez , at 347 theaters .
The Weinstein Co. 's martial arts pic , “ The Grandmaster , ” expands Friday to nearly 750 Stateside locations . The film got off to a solid last weekend at seven runs , averaging almost $ 19,000 per theater . “ Grandmaster ” has grossed $ 181,710 million domestically through Thursday .
Sad news : After suffering threats and harassment a North Carolina teen has been forced to abandon their efforts to form a chapter of the Secular Student Alliance at their public high school .
15-year-old Kalei Wilson waged a brave and determined battle against school administrators at Pisgah High School to form the group . Indeed , the decision to allow the atheist club was made only after significant pressure was brought to bear by the Secular Student Alliance ( SSA ) , the Freedom From Religion Foundation and the American Civil Liberties Union .
However , fearing for the safety of their family , last night Wilson announced that they are bowing out . The following excerpts from posts to Wilson 's GoFundMe page help tell the story :
I 'm nervous about the first meeting this week . This morning I brought some flyers to hang up at school but I do n't think they will remain on the walls long . We have permission to post them but if the people who continue to message me with horrible stuff sees them , I bet they tear them down . This morning I was called “ Satan ” by one Christian girl who first called me a “ dumb c & ^t b * & ^h ! ” I know what I 'm doing is right but it 's scary…
And then last night this post appeared :
It saddens us to report that due to the numerous threats and the verbal attacks on Kalei along with the vindictive witch-hunt to hurt the reputations of affiliated local groups and our own family , Kalei will not be continuing with the group . We have contacted GoFundMe and requested they return your generous donations . They have assured us that your funds will show back up in your respective accounts within 3 to 5 days . Your love and support are priceless and we apologize in letting you down . It was our single goal to support Kalei in their efforts to start the much needed SSA club . However , we never expected our family and friends to be sought out and demonized . Please know that we recognize the importance of the club but we can not justify our involvement with the risk of our families safety and well being .
No one — atheists , Christians , anyone — should have to deal with this sort of retaliation from other people because of who they are or what they believe .
Hemant Mehta at Friendly Atheist sums it up well :
The whole episode is a sad and painful reminder of the formal and informal persecution , intimidation and harassment that atheists , agnostics and other freethinkers often must face .
It is also a stinging indictment of the hypocrisy , the arrogance , and the cruelty of the Christian community at large . One can only wonder , where were the so-called “ good Christians ” while this teen was being threatened and harassed ?
Update : NC school retaliates against atheist teen for trying to start secular club
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
It was difficult to see a foul at all as referee Ricardo Salazar ejected Joaquín Velázquez in the 40th minute last night for an challenge on Galaxy midfielder Colin Clark .
It was the main talking point in a 1-1 draw at the Home Depot Center .
Under MLS rules , a pool reporter is allowed to submit a written question ( and one follow-up , if necessary ) to a referee . The response will arrive in writing from the referee under the league guidelines . ( It 's a tool that media use more frequently these days , but still probably not enough . )
Salazar wrote :
“ The foul committed by Joaquín Velázquez was deemed by the referee as serious foul play ; therefore the referee shown them the card and sent them off . ”
Only , that 's not what happened .
Salazar clearly shows a yellow card , then shows a red card .
So … was the original foul a challenge that warranted ejection on its own ? Or did Velazquez say or do something subsequently that got them sent off .
It appeared that the Chivas USA defender may have said something ; if that was the case , why did n't Salazar just explain to it that way ?
( Thanks , by the way , to LA Galaxy blogger Adam Serrano for Tweeted out a picture of Salazar 's hand-written note . )
Either way , Chivas USA manager José Luis Sánchez Solá was clearly unimpressed . And he 'll probably get a fine for suggesting favoritism – although the league has certainly been guilty of uneven application of guidelines against referee criticism . David Beckham regularly got away with it .
What Sanchez Sola said :
Donald Trump has been arguing for over a year now that the mainstream media is biased and corrupt . Whether they are talking about CNN , MSNBC , or anyone else , the assertion is applicable for everyone trying to unfairly help Hillary win this election .
Last night , the moderator , Lester Holt , proved to millions of voters that they helped rig the election in favor of Hillary Clinton . That is not a wild claim or theory , we have statistics and analysis to prove how unfairly they treated Donald Trump . We also have another major development , too .
Sources are now reporting that Hillary Clinton was given the debate questions a week in advance .
Reports are arguing that an NBC Intern was seen delivering a package to Clinton 's campaign headquarters in New York . Given Hillary 's troubles with emails , it makes perfect sense that they would deliver their information by hand to avoid hacking or getting caught .
It is being reported that the Intern walked into the headquarters , and went directly into the personal office of Clinton campaign manager Robert Mook . The Intern was spotted wearing a FedEx outfit , but a reporter working with Fox News recognized them and immediately reported what they saw .
When the Fox News reporter raised questions , Clinton 's staff called them “ ignorant ” and ushered them out of the office and away from their building . The Fox News reporter argues that they stuck around and did not see a FedEx truck anywhere in sight the entire time .
This story appears to be true given how calmly they acted last night . It was almost as if they had a week to prepare for the questions , and that is why they sounded so robotic with all of them answers .
Hillary had the facts and numbers memorized for very specific questions , and that raises another red flag . Of course the mainstream media will brush this story off , just like they have about Hillary 's emails , their server , Benghazi , and how the DNC rigged the primaries in favor of Clinton , but we can see the truth .
While Hillary was fed the questions , they also got help from Lester Holt , the impartial moderator , that more than likely leaked the questions to them in the first place .
Holt interrupted Trump a record 41 times , either to “ fact-check ” them or to ask a follow-up question . Conversely , Clinton was only interrupted 7 times during the course of the 90-minute debate .
Additionally , Holt interrupted Trump the most during a particularly heated exchange about Trump 's stance on the Iraq War . Moderators are to remain impartial and unbiased , yet Holt made it their mission to argue Trump was lying when they claimed they were against the Iraq War .
Holt interrupted Trump 10 times during the exchange , and demanded at least 5 times why Trump thought that they had better judgment than Clinton . How is that fair or impartial ?
https : //twitter.com/mrwalsh8/status/780601272982319104
Why is it that Hillary can never do anything in accordance with the rules ? Whether it is a presidential debate , their emails , server , or anything else , they are always lying or cheating . The American people continue to see how the mainstream media promotes Clinton every chance they get , and last night was another clear example of that .
Not only is it possible that they gave Hillary the debate questions a week early , Holt deliberately attacked Trump disproportionately . The facts do not lie , and they all ganged up on Trump to promote Clinton .
We need to share this story so that answers are given . The media can not be allowed to get away with journalistic malpractice any longer . Donald Trump is going to win this election , but we still need to expose the media for their lies and corruption .
If the media are siding with Hillary Clinton , then We The People must side with Donald Trump and help them win this election . Our country needs them now more than ever .
Evidence for Dragon Ball Z Kinect just keeps growing ! On February 27 , 2012 , the Australian Government gave Dragon Ball Z Kinect a classification ( or rating ) of PG ( parental guidance ) for mild violence . That is pretty much an equivalent of North America 's ESRB rating of T for Teen .
The publisher is the expected Namco Bandai Australia and like all video games in Australia , Dragon Ball Z Kinect is listed as a computer game . You may note it says “ Multi Platform ” , but after doing a bit of research all video games have that notation listed , even when they are for a single platform . We expect this game to be a Microsoft Xbox 360 exclusive .
Rumblings of Dragon Ball Z Kinect first began with the Korea 's Game Rating Board back on February 17th . A few days later , the British Board of Film Classification listed the game with a June 15th release date . Take all this information with caution for now . There has n't been any confirmation from Namco Bandai Games so nothing is official at this point in time , but the evidence for the game so far is certainly raising our hopes !
The Republic | azcentral.com Thu Oct 31 , 2013 10:41 AM
An Arizona utility regulator , troubled by a bitter public battle over solar subsidies , is demanding to know how much money power companies and rooftop-solar supporters are pumping into competing marketing campaigns .
Arizona Corporation Commission member Bob Burns says they are upset by the campaigns , which they said could intimidate the five elected commissioners on a decision that might shape the future of residential solar use across the country .
Read Bob Burns ' letter > > >
Burns expressed concern that ratepayer money might be funding these campaigns .
Television advertisements blasting the solar industry and , conversely , Arizona Public Service Co. have proliferated as both sides square off over the utility 's plan to cut solar subsidies .
Burns ' request , which was filed with the commission on Wednesday , comes less than two weeks after The Arizona Republic reported that APS sent money to at least two non-profits that spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads .
APS is seeking to increase the bills of new solar customers an estimated $ 50 to $ 100 per month to cover their cost of using the power grid . The commission , which regulates utilities in the state , is expected to discuss APS ' proposal at its Nov. 13-14 meeting .
Burns said the magnitude of the ad campaigns and the misleading information in them have left them with questions about where money is coming from to finance the battle .
“ The pressure is coming to bear on this commission , ” Burns said Wednesday . “ The PR campaign , this street fight , has misled voters . ... My problem is , who is paying for this ? ”
Burns is casting a statewide net in their quest for answers . They want APS , Tucson Electric Power , Unisource Energy and the state 's electric cooperatives to detail by Nov. 6 how much they 've spent on political campaigns and lobbying on the issue , and how many staff hours of salaried employees have been spent on the matter .
They also asked solar-industry officials to provide the same information .
The Corporation Commission ca n't force the solar companies to disclose their spending . But if utilities do n't respond , the commission could exercise its subpoena power to force them to turn over financial documents .
APS and solar-industry officials have been asked by The Republic to disclose how much they are spending on their campaigns , but have so far refused .
Quick response
Although Burns is the lone commissioner to ask for the information , APS and solar-industry officials said Wednesday that they will comply with their request .
“ We will respond first to the commissioner , ” APS spokesperson Jim McDonald said Wednesday . “ After that , we will share our response with the public . We will answer theirs questions . ”
Jason Rose , a spokesperson for solar-industry group TUSK , Tell Utilities Solar Wo n't be Killed , said that they were surprised by the commissioner 's request , and welcomes it .
“ I think it is appropriate , ” Rose said . “ A monopoly is routing money through shady third-party organizations . ... It is good that Commissioner Burns did this investigation . ”
Debate over APS ' proposed changes to net metering has escalated steadily since July , when APS submitted its request to the commission . Net metering is a system in which solar customers get credit for electricity they send to the grid .
The utility said current credits are so high that solar customers , many of them living in more-affluent areas , do n't pay their share for upkeep of the power grid . That , APS officials say , pushes that cost to non-solar households , making their bills less affordable .
But if solar customers ' bills are increased , as APS suggests , residential-solar companies say the higher prices will kill demand for their panels .
SolarCity and Sunrun of California , two of the biggest national solar-panel installation companies operating in Arizona , helped form TUSK to fight the proposed cuts in solar credits . They began running ads attacking APS .
Shortly after TUSK launched , a Washington , D.C. , non-profit called 60 Plus began criticizing SolarCity and Sunrun , comparing them with Solyndra , the California solar company that took more than $ 500 million in federal assistance and then filed for bankruptcy .
Prosper , an Arizona-based non-profit , joined the debate on APS ' side . It is spending up to $ 100,000 on a television ad that is running for three weeks through Nov. 14 . The spot features a man who steals ice-cream toppings from an ice-cream truck , forcing other customers to pay more . The man is compared to solar customers who use the power grid without paying for it .
APS initially denied that it was funding the non-profits . In July , APS officials suggested it was coincidental that 60 Plus and Prosper were siding with the utility on net metering . APS now acknowledges funneling money to the non-profits through consultant Sean Noble .
Burns ' concerns
APS officials said the company was not using ratepayer funds to finance its political campaign but is using profits that otherwise would go to stockholders .
Burns said they want to ensure that ratepayer money is n't in play .
“ I am concerned that ratepayer money might be funding these campaigns , whether through expenditures that the utilities will seek to recover in future rate cases or through person-hours worked by individuals whose salaries are paid by ratepayers , ” they said in the letter .
“ I am also interested in learning how much money the solar providers have expended on their campaigns . ”
Burns ' inquiry could reveal whether other utilities in the state contributed to the anti-solar campaign .
The commissioner said they will soon make a second demand for the same financial information for campaigns on the issue of electric deregulation . They said they believed powerful interests lobbied against the effort and might have influenced the commissioners ' decision to drop the matter .
The commissioners this year were exploring the possibility of opening up electric utilities to retail competition , which would allow customers to choose their power provider . They abruptly canceled the hearings in September with a 4-1 vote after the commission 's legal counsel raised concerns .
Burns , who sided with the majority , said they intended to continue discussions about deregulation . They said in an interview that campaigns against it could have “ had influence on members of the commission to shut it down . ”
In 2009 , the Corporation Commission was the focus of a plan pitched to APS by Lincoln Strategy Group , a high-profile consulting firm . The plan , obtained by The Republic , proposed funneling money through non-profits to influence debate on controversial issues and to alter the makeup of the commission .
Don Brandt , APS chief executive , said they immediately rejected the plan . Another APS official called it “ absurd . ”
After the report was presented , however , APS hired one of the two Lincoln Strategy employees who pitched the report to Brandt . They now serves as the utility 's top lobbyist . The other executive who pitched the report also left Lincoln Strategy and is being paid by APS as an outside consultant .
Burns said they understand why utilities would launch campaigns to protect their image . They said their inquiry is aimed at protecting the public .
“ My job is looking out for the ratepayer , ” they said . “ That is what I am trying to do . ”
Reach the reporters at robert.anglen @ arizonarepublic.com or ryan.randazzo @ arizonarepublic .com .
Heavy snow has stalled the search for a hiker who failed to return Saturday from hiking Missouri Mountain , a fourteener in Chaffee County , sheriff John Spezze said .
“ The weather has us shut down today , ” Spezze said Monday morning .
Silverthorne resident Shuei Kato , 36 , was reported missing on Saturday . They planned to summit the peak in the morning and return home that afternoon . Kato was originally identified as Shuei Pako .
Chaffee County Sheriff 's deputies found Kato 's vehicle at the trailhead , and notified Chaffee County Search and Rescue .
On Sunday , more than 45 searchers looked for Kato , aided by three helicopters , but did n't find him .
The search was suspended at nightfall and was scheduled to continue on Monday , but snow is falling heavily in the Collegiate Peaks Range .
Spezze said no more volunteers are needed for the search . “ We do n't need volunteers or family members coming in here and searching for them on their own , ” they said .
The safety of unrequested volunteers can become a problem for the professional search and rescue members conducting a search .
Chaffee County SAR North and South , Summit SAR , Lake County SAR , as well as air support from Flight for Life , Reach Air Ambulance and the Air National Guard have so far been involved in the search .
Updated Oct. 10 at 2:02 p.m . The following corrected information has been added to this article : The sheriff 's office originally misidentified Shuei Kato .
The following changes are in the “ 1.35.4.7rc ” CS : GO Beta depot .
[ Gameplay ]
– The first-person camera of players , spectators , and demo-viewers is no longer allowed to rise higher than their third-person head . This should prevent first-person players from being able to see from perspectives where their third-person head is not also exposed .
– When a player 's first-person camera is adjusted , bullets fired from both their client and server-side locations are also adjusted to emit from the corrected position .
– If for any reason the third-person player animation lowers a player 's head beneath the client 's first-person camera , the client 's first-person camera is lowered to stay at or under the height of their third-person head . This means that the third-person motion of the player is now represented more accurately from the first-person perspective .
– Third-person landing recovery animations are now weighted based on altitude traversed and duration in-air . Players landing from small jumps or falling from lesser heights will play more subtle landing animations .
– The anti-crouch-spam system has been changed to use degrading speed , instead of logging keypress-count . As before , the more often players crouch , the slower they will rise or lower . But this should now prevent bugs where players would instantly stand , or lose their crouch-spam penalty by moving a tiny amount . If players crouch even more , eventually they will just stay standing up .
– First-person and third-person crouch speed is now more closely related . The third-person player lowers more quickly to match the first-person representation .
– Players landing in crouch positions play a more subtle landing animation that raises their third-person head less noticeably .
[ Misc ]
– Lag compensation system will now reliably restore pose parameters responsible for animation layering which makes server-side hitboxes for lag compensated players better match client-side rendered models . ( Thanks , /u/Spurks )
– Fixed a bug where player body pitch could improperly rotate the entire player entity inside lag compensation processing .
The artist behind the comic Questionable Content has fallen in the crosshairs—or should we say `` the horsehairs '' — of retail behemoth Walmart . The mega-retailer is demanding that Jeph Jacques `` discontinue any and all use '' of the walmart.horse domain , which renders at a tumblr and displays a horse in front of a Walmart store .
Here 's a snippet from Walmart 's cease-and-desist letter Sunday :
Your use of a Domain Name that incorporates the famous Walmart mark constitutes trademark infringement and dilution of Walmart 's trademark rights and unfair competition . Your use of our mark in the Domain Name is diluting use because it weakens the ability of the Walmart mark and domain name to identify a single source , namely Walmart . Further , your registration and use of the Domain Name misleads consumers into believing that some association exists between Walmart and you , which tarnishes the goodwill and reputation of Walmarts products , services , and trademarks .
The 34-year-old Massachusetts cartoonist said in an e-mail to Ars that the site is satire at its finest .
The idea behind the site started out as a conversation with a friend of mine—we were extremely amused by the new .horse TLD and decided to register a bunch of ridiculous domain names with it . As for its meaning , it 's a piece of postmodern Dadaism—nonsense-art using found objects , in this case publicly available images and the name of an megacorporation . Its purpose is to provoke exactly the kind of response it has received , and in doing so to parody the Walmart corporation and its actions . Claiming that walmart.horse defames the Walmart brand somehow is the highest possible satire , and the fact that this accusation came from Walmart itself is a most delicious piece of irony .
Walmart is n't laughing , however , and is demanding that Jacques stop using the domain within two weeks . Jacques responded to Walmart , saying that the domain is `` an obvious parody and therefore falls under fair use . Publicly available images of a horse , a Walmart store , and comical music make it clear that the site is meant to be a joke . I would be happy to provide a disclaimer on the website explicitly stating this . If you have any requests for other animals you would like to see added to the image on the website , I would happily comply ! ''
So , what does the law say about this ? A fair use defense is available to both copyright and trademark infringement claims , and they 're decided on a case-by-case basis .
The Supreme Court ruled in 2004 that the party asserting a trademark fair use defense `` need not entirely negate the likelihood that the consumers will be confused about the origin of the goods or services affected . '' ( PDF ) That said , when it comes to Internet domains , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) routinely sides with trademark holders challenging a domain registration .
Walmart did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May : `` From what I have seen of this account , I think it 's Brussels gossip ''
Theresa May has dismissed as `` Brussels gossip '' an account of a dinner with EC President Jean-Claude Juncker , published in a German newspaper .
The pair reportedly clashed over Mrs May 's desire to make Brexit `` a success '' and whether the issue of protecting the rights of expat UK and EU nationals could be agreed as early as June .
The Frankfurter Allgemeine claims Mr Juncker said : `` I leave ... 10 times more sceptical than I was before . ''
But Mrs May said it was `` constructive '' .
And they told the BBC 's Ben Wright : `` I have to say from what I 've seen of this account I think it 's Brussels gossip . ''
Speaking during an election campaign event in Lancashire , they added : `` Just look at what the European Commission themselves said immediately after the dinner took place , which was that the talks had been constructive . ''
The article said that , after last week 's dinner , Mr Juncker was shocked at Mrs May 's suggestion that a deal on citizens ' rights could be achieved so quickly .
The German newspaper report also suggested Mr Juncker said there would be no trade deal between the UK and the rest of the EU if the UK failed to pay the `` divorce '' bill which it is expected to be asked for .
After bringing out paper copies of Croatia 's deal to join the EU and the free trade deal recently signed with Canada to make their point , they said Brexit would be `` very complex '' .
After the PM said they wanted to `` make Brexit a success '' , the newspaper reported that Mr Juncker 's response was : `` Brexit can not be a success . The more I hear , the more sceptical I become . ''
And when they said the UK owes no money to the EU , the president informed them that they were not leaving a `` golf club '' .
The newspaper 's Thomas Gutschker , who wrote the article , told BBC Radio 4 's PM programme that EU officials `` have an interest in conveying their sense of desperation after this dinner '' .
They added : `` I do n't think they have an interest in these talks collapsing . But they want to save the talks and they basically want to send a wake-up call to Downing Street . ''
'Different universes '
Jeremy Cliffe , the Berlin bureau chief for the Economist , raised the article on Twitter , posting 30 tweets outlining the dinner 's highlights .
Speaking to BBC Radio 4 's World at One , they said people should take the article `` with a pinch of salt '' as it had reportedly been leaked by only one side of the talks .
But they added that the Europeans and the British are `` in totally different universes '' when it comes to their expectations of Brexit negotiations .
`` EU nationals ... was the first example of several in which the expectations of the two sides seem to be utterly at odds , '' they said .
'Times will be tough '
The day after the meeting , Mr Juncker reportedly told German chancellor Angela Merkel that Mrs May was `` deluding herself '' and `` living in another galaxy '' when it came to the issue of Brexit talks .
Mrs May was asked about that quote during their interview on Sunday 's Andrew Marr Show , and responded : `` I 'm not in a different galaxy . I think what this shows and what some of the other comments we 've seen coming from other European leaders show is that there are going to be times when these negotiations are going to be tough .
`` That 's why you need strong and stable leadership in order to conduct those negotiations and get the best deal for Britain . ''
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Things went downhill after a warm welcome , according to the leaks
The accounts of the dinner - which appear to have come from sources within the European Commission - have been seized upon by opposition parties in the UK .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said : `` These reports have blown a massive hole in the Conservative Party 's arguments . It 's clear this government has no clue and is taking the country towards a disastrous hard Brexit .
`` This election offers us a chance to change the direction of our country , keep Britain in the single market and give the people the final say over what happens next . ''
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said of Mrs May : `` She seems to be sending rather mixed messages .
`` To start negotiations by threatening to walk away with no deal and set up a low tax economy on the shores of Europe is not a very sensible way of approaching people with whom half of our trade is done at the present time . ''
Analysis : By BBC Europe correspondent Kevin Connolly
Image copyright EPA
The EU set out tough terms for the Brexit negotiations at the weekend - and has followed up with a steady drumbeat of briefing suggesting that the UK is unprepared for the talks to come and harbouring delusions about the possible outcomes .
Officials in Brussels naturally have a vested interest in stressing that leaving the EU is difficult and dangerous - but there 's enough detail in the descriptions of a difficult dinner in Downing Street last week to suggest that there are real problems alongside the tactical manoeuvrings .
The President of the European Commission , Jean-Claude Juncker , who was a guest of Theresa May , apparently told their host that the more they heard about the British position the more sceptical they were about the prospects of a deal .
British perceptions of the meal have not been leaked in the same level of detail but there 's no doubt the European briefings will be seen in the UK as provocative - and designed to stir up fears among British voters about what Brexit is going to mean .
Read more from Kevin Connolly here .
Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
Death Grips , from left : Zach Hill , Stefan Burnett , and Andy Morin
Death Grips : `` Hacker '' ( via SoundCloud )
When I call Zach Hill , drummer for Sacramento 's riotous , shit-starting Death Grips , they are resting their side from a recent band-practice injury . Their voice is scratchy from `` yelling into a tunnel all night '' ( I never get clarity on why ) . And they are applying a paint scraper to the screen of their laptop . Which recently caught fire . And was covered in spray paint . `` It still works , '' they tell me happily . `` I 'm writing all the numbers back in with a Sharpie . ''
If I had tried to invent a more metaphorically tidy activity for Hill to be engaged in when I called , I would have failed . He 's done their Tasmanian Devil thing behind the kit for innumerable highly-technical rock concerns -- Hella , Marnie Stern , El Grupo Nuevo De Omar Rodriguez-Lopez -- before Death Grips became their sole focus . The trio ( Hill on drums , working in tandem with producer Andy Morin , and lead bellower Stefan Burnett ) approach rap-rock -- a musical idea with a contentious history and dubious historical baggage -- and gleefully deface it , using an approach Hill refers to repeatedly as `` future primitivism . ''
`` There 's a third-world aspect to the way we approach our music , '' Hill says . `` We make it with whatever we have to make it with , usually iPhones , cameras -- we 're not like , 'Oh , we do n't have the right mic to do this . ' '' On major-label debut The Money Store , they collect dirty , twisted-up sounds from all kinds of unlikely places -- Youtube clips , real-life conversations -- and smash them together to create something compellingly depraved . It 's hacked-up , corroded , and sick -- in every available definition of that word . I would not have been surprised to learn the album was mastered on Hill 's flame-scarred , half-melted laptop .
`` L.A. Reid compared our music to Whitney Houston ,
right after their passing . I took it as a massive compliment . ''
Pitchfork : The Money Store is definitely an extreme experience -- it 's hard to listen to it , shrug your shoulders , and say `` meh . ''
Zach Hill : Thanks , we do n't want to make anything that supports indifference . We always talk about the middle of the road , and how it 's the worst place to be artistically .
Pitchfork : Which makes it kind of surprising coming from a major label -- what did Epic Chairman/CEO L.A. Reid say to you when you came into their office ?
ZH : They did n't say a word , we just started playing music . They were air drumming the whole fucking time -- they were going hella hard . We had already met with a lot of people working up to that signing , and we went into that meeting hyper-skeptical as well . But the dude just connected with what we were doing . It was undeniable , and it 's been totally undeniable since , too . They did n't mention anything as far as the abrasiveness . They were into it .
We had an amazing moment when we were finalizing the record . We had signed the contract , and they compared our music to Whitney Houston . We were tripping out ; it was actually a heavy deal . They were talking about the emotional pull -- the feeling , not the literal sound -- the true fucking shit that you strike on . That was one of the most amazing things I 'd ever heard . I took it as a massive compliment because the dude is on this primal level right there with us . They were able to go beyond these stigmas and attachments and they knew we would n't be threatened by something like that -- that we would know what they were talking about when they said that right after their passing . It was a really crazy experience .
Death Grips : `` Lost Boys '' ( via SoundCloud )
Pitchfork : How do you view Death Grips compared to your other projects ?
ZH : This group has been an exercise in whittling away all outside things and focusing my energies . This is it ; I 'm not doing anything else for the time being . I 've been playing in the Boredoms for the last four years and they 're one of my favorite bands in the world . But I 'm even taking a hiatus from that . They understand . We recorded the first Hella record when I was like 20 years old , you know ? I had just dropped out of high school and it was all exciting and great . I 'm proud of those records , and I get a connection by physically performing it , but that 's not the music I listen to . The music I 'm making with Death Grips is way more along the lines of what I would listen to than anything I 've ever made .
And Death Grips signifies a way for me to kill my own drum ego -- there are no physical drums on a lot of these songs , and some of them are just done with my fingers or hands . We kept saying , `` How can we make this connect harder ? '' and my answer kept being , `` I need to play simpler . '' That 's a big change because I 've been known as the `` tech drummer guy '' for over a decade . I 'm proud of that , but I wanted to have my own band again .
Pitchfork : The mix on this record makes it sound like everything 's collapsing in on itself constantly . How did you make some of these sounds ?
ZH : Our processes are crazy . We 'll set out to achieve a certain sound , but set it up to fail , and then rebuild the track out of that failure . For example , in the song `` System Blower '' , there 's this part that goes , `` WA-WA-WA-WA-WA , '' and the drop is the sound of Venus Williams screaming when they hit a tennis ball . It was in a video we found on YouTube . The only things we sampled were things like that , things from everyday life . We all carry around camcorders ; we 'll record sounds with digital cameras and use those sounds on our records , with a real disregard for sound quality . We 'll build something around something that 's just fucked -- like , you just should n't use it . But there 's a majestic quality to that rawness . When people talk about how our music is like rap music , but punk , I think they 're talking about our use of instrumentation like that .
Pitchfork : Did any other batshit sounds make their way onto the record ?
ZH : Yeah . The line `` I 've Seen Footage '' was from a conversation I had with this street-person dude in Sacramento named Snake Eyes . A friend of ours recorded them on the porch in a conversation -- they did n't know they were being recorded . They were all fucked up on drugs and shit , just rattling off all this crazy information . They were talking about structures on the moon . I mean , I talk about those things , too . So we were talking about moon structures , and Snake Eyes says , `` I 've seen footage ! I 've seen footage of it ! '' And I was like , `` That 's good ! ''
These songs were conceptualized in all these weird , random ways . We approach music almost like musique concrète : We 're sampling our day-to-day along with the filthiest things off of YouTube and trying to build powerful music out of all this stuff that 's usually seen as trash .
Embedded content is unavailable .
Pitchfork : This record also has a similar corroded , grimy feel to a lot of 1980s hip-hop : Hank Shocklee , the Bomb Squad , N.W.A-era Dr. Dre . Were those sounds in your mind at all ?
ZH : Totally , but not in a nostalgic way . If the band is anti-anything , it 's resting on some retro aesthetic . We live as futurists . But that music has totally inspired our energy level and our sound palette ; those are straight-up classic sounds .
With that said , there 's not a lot of talk about other music when we 're making things . We all listen to a lot of modern rap and punk , but it does n't happen like that in the creative process . The only song on this record we did sample -- and then decided not to use because we 're on a major label now and getting clearance would 've pushed back the release of the record -- was a Geto Boys song . But we were n't consciously trying to capture a certain era of rap music . If it 's in there , it 's natural .
And , honestly , I 'm underwhelmed with rap music lately . There are a lot of things about it that just are n't that adventurous or exciting to me , whether it 's musically , content-wise -- everything about it seems too comfortable . I sense danger every day of my life , all around me , on all these different levels , so if I 'm not getting that feeling through the music , I just do n't connect with it .
Death Grips : `` Get ''
Pitchfork : All those 80s rap records also share a real riot-music feel .
ZH : For sure . There was a challenge and extremity in that music , which was polarizing -- and that 's a word that gets thrown around with Death Grips . If you feel unrest in your life , that kind of energy and sound makes you want to change whatever that problem is , and you 're gon na fucking change it . We want our music to make people feel empowered , and that 's where I could say it 's like rap or punk . The ideology behind the genesis of those genres comes from a place of not being satisfied with an aspect of life and basically expressing that , and then the music creates an energy that 's positive .
Photo by Jonny Magowan
Pitchfork : Lead vocalist Stefan Burnett declined to be interviewed for this piece and they seem like a reclusive guy , which is interesting considering their extroverted onstage behavior and the function they serve in the band .
ZH : He 's just one of those people that 's super private . Among friends , he 's really lively and funny with tons of energy and charisma . And he 's a really serious painter . When I first walked into their apartment , it was stacked floor-to-ceiling with painting and writing . He 's been doing it for years .
But , as far as press and all of that goes , we 're a new group . At some point , they definitely will start talking to people about this music that we 're making . I think they really likes to have control over their life in a media world . They do n't want to blow our whole thing out when it 's just getting started .
Embedded content is unavailable .
Pitchfork : Death Grips feel extremely mission-oriented . Do you have any mantras or animating principles as a group ?
ZH : Yeah : `` No Representation Is Better Than Misrepresentation . '' Another is the idea of acceleration -- that word seems to apply to every aspect of our band . I mean acceleration in a broad , universal sense , the way you feel the pace of everything moving forward so quickly . Things are becoming archaic at a faster rate than ever before , and there 's this close-mindedness that can exist even within the creative realm , like accelerating towards these old notions of what 's acceptable . One of the things we do when we 're able to play bigger rooms is modified the field of space with visual effects , so you get the sense of acceleration from all corners of the room -- almost like how Star Tours does it .
Pitchfork : Is your music supposed to embody that acceleration , or is it a reaction to it ?
ZH : It 's more of an embracing of it . We 'd like our music to make you feel like you are accelerating physically and mentally . I do n't mean that in an alienating sense , like we 're some political band pushing our agendas on people . We 're not . That 's why I use more ambiguous words like `` energy '' and `` feeling . ''
We 're real hesitant , because we want to keep things on a day-to-day level where we can talk about being out of your mind on drugs and all those other , less-heady things that are totally real to our lives and just as relevant as the more abstract aspects . So it 's weird to be like , `` Our band is like the internet ! '' But actually it kind of is : You have all the lowest-level activity side-by-side with the highest intellect also happening within the same realm .
Pitchfork : That 's easily the most fascinating thing about the internet to me -- you 're the same two seconds away from watching TED lectures or some porn .
ZH : Totally . And people are doing both those things at once . We want our music to work the same way : all at once .
The British driver is likely to miss out on graduating to F1 after a difficult GP2 campaign in which they have won twice but lies ninth in the points with one round remaining .
With Williams lining up European Formula 3 champion Lance Stroll to replace Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas set to stay on , Lynn - who has already ruled out a third season in GP2 - is exploring alternatives .
Having missed out on a Jaguar Formula E seat to Mitch Evans , Lynn will complete the World Endurance Championship season as part of Manor 's LMP2 driver line-up .
They currently drive for Jean-Paul Driot 's DAMS team in GP2 and the Frenchman hinted they could be part of their FE team 's driver line-up in the future .
Driot , Renault e.dams senior team manager , told Autosport : `` I have been discussing [ options ] with him . We 're waiting to know their 2017 programme . ''
Asked if Lynn 's role would comprise test and development duties for the team , Driot replied : `` To start with . ''
Lynn 's Jaguar test was their first experience of a Formula E car and their performance impressed several teams in the paddock .
They told Autosport it had also increased their interest in the electric single-seater series .
`` It 's a great championship and it 's obviously going places , '' they said .
`` As drivers , we 're always interested in racing for manufacturer teams and big car companies .
`` It 's going one way and that 's a big lure - it 's definitely on my radar . ''
Renault 's current FE line-up comprises defending champion Sebastien Buemi , who won the 2016/17 season 's Hong Kong opener , and Nicolas Prost , the son of e.dams co-founder Alain .
Lynn would be in contention to join the line-up as early as this season if Buemi misses the New York double-header .
But Driot said they were not making contingency plans for that round because they expected a solution to be found .
LMP1/GTE AMONG LYNN 'S TARGETS
Lynn made their LMP2 debut in Japan last weekend , driving alongside Tor Graves and Shinji Nakano in the second Manor ORECA .
The trio finished 33 laps down after a starter motor problem , but Lynn set the fastest LMP2 race lap and said they enjoyed the experience after avoiding setting expectations .
`` I was n't expecting a result but I went there wanting to do a good job personally , '' they said .
`` For my first sportscar race I was really happy and hopefully for Shanghai and Bahrain we can get the car problems sorted . ''
The 23-year-old , whose management team includes ex-Toyota LMP1 ace Alexander Wurz , said a full programme in the WEC was also something they were keen on .
`` I thought it was important to get some sportscar experience for my career choices for next year , '' they added .
`` GTE Pro and LMP1 are definitely what I 'd be interested in . The manufacturers racing in those classes are very exciting . ''
Source : Roy Morgan Single Source ( Australia ) comparing Unemployment & Under-employment in August – October 2015 ( 13 , 232 interviews ) and August - October 2016 ( 12,773 interviews ) of Australians 14+ .
Special analysis of Roy Morgan Research real employment estimates in each State over the past three months shows unemployment and under-employment are a growing problem in Australia 's four smallest States of Queensland , Western Australia , South Australia and Tasmania – all four of which now have total unemployment and under-employment above the national average .
In contrast , Australia 's two largest States have clearly the healthiest labour markets and New South Wales – with total unemployment and under-employment of 15.2 % ( down 2.1 % from a year ago ) is the clear standout . In Victoria 16.0 % of the workforce is now unemployed or under-employed – up 1.4 % from a year ago but still well below Australia 's national average of 17.6 % ( up 1.0 % ) .
Australian Unemployment & Under-employment by State
Source : Roy Morgan Single Source ( Australia ) comparing Unemployment & Under-employment in August – October 2015 ( 13 , 232 interviews ) and August - October 2016 ( 12,773 interviews ) of Australians 14+ .
The end of the mining boom has clearly had a big impact on Western Australia – now at 19.6 % ( up 3.7 % ) unemployment and under-employment and Queensland 20.3 % ( up 3.3 % ) while Australia 's smallest State of Tasmania continues to have a substantial problem with total unemployment and under-employment of 22.5 % ( up 1.8 % ) . The closure of several large manufacturing plants in South Australia – including the ceasing of Holden Cruze production at its Elizabeth plant in early October has clearly had an impact and South Australia now has the highest unemployment and under-employment in the nation at 23 % ( up 5 % in a year ) .
Gary Morgan , Executive Chairman , Roy Morgan Research , says :
“ Analysing employment trends around Australia reveals a shocking picture with the return of the ‘ two-speed ' economy – however , the ‘ boot ' is now on the other foot . Unemployment and under-employment is now clearly below the national average in Australia 's two largest States of New South Wales and Victoria and above the national average in the four smaller States of Queensland , Western Australia , South Australia and Tasmania . “ It 's been well known for decades that inward migration and foreign investment is concentrated in Australia 's two largest States – and their capital cities of Sydney and Melbourne in particular – and today 's analysis of Australia 's employment trends over the past twelve months reveals this problem has returned . “ In the three months to October Australia 's real unemployment is 9.4 % ( up 0.6 % in a year ) and under-employment 8.2 % ( up 0.4 % ) totalled 17.6 % ( 2.269 million Australians ) . Both New South Wales ( 8.9 % unemployment & 6.3 % under-employment – total of 15.2 % ) and Victoria ( 8.5 % unemployment & 7.5 % under-employment – total of 16.0 % ) come in comfortably below the national average . “ These two States comprise around 57 % of Australia 's population and clearly attract the majority of inward migration which propels booming real estate markets in both capital cities . The surge in real estate prices in recent years has provided a revenue boom for both State Governments through soaring stamp duty collections . Even so , over the past twelve months New South Wales was clearly the better performer and the only State to experience a drop in overall unemployment and under-employment . “ In contrast , States that had previously benefited from the long-running mining boom – in particular Western Australia ( 9.8 % unemployment & 9.8 % under-employment – total of 19.6 % ) and Queensland ( 9.9 % unemployment & 10.4 % under-employment – total of 20.3 % ) have now seen their economies slow as greater numbers of people lose their jobs and join the ranks of the unemployed and under-employed . “ In addition Australia 's smallest States of Tasmania ( 10.6 % unemployment & 11.9 % under-employment – total of 22.5 % ) and South Australia ( 12.1 % unemployment & 10.9 % under-employment – total of 23 % ) have clearly the highest jobless rates in the nation . Both Tasmania and South Australia have historically suffered from intrastate migration outflows due to the small size of their economies and today 's estimates show that this trend could well return in the next few years as those looking for work migrate to the larger States . “ One clear political impact of the worsening employment situation is the rise of regional parties around Australia . In particular we have the rise of the Nick Xenophon Team ( NXT ) in South Australia ( three Senators and one Lower House MP ) , the return of One Nation – primarily in Queensland , but also very strong in Western Australia and regional New South Wales ( four Senators around Australia ) , the popularity of Senator Jacqui Lambie and the Jacqui Lambie Network in Tasmania and even the election of Senator Derryn Hinch in Victoria . “ To overcome the popularity of regional parties Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and the L-NP Government must concentrate more on the regional problems of high and rising unemployment and under-employment with policies prioritising job creation and a growing economy . ”
For further information :
Contact Office Mobile Gary Morgan : +61 3 9224 5213 +61 411 129 094 Michele Levine : +61 3 9224 5215 +61 411 129 093
Unemployment Data Tables
Roy Morgan Research Employment Estimates ( 2001-2016 )
Roy Morgan Research Unemployment & Under-employment Estimates ( 2007-2016 )
Roy Morgan Research vs ABS Employment Estimates ( 1992-2016 )
ABS Employment Estimates ( 1992-2016 )
ROY MORGAN MEASURES REAL UNEMPLOYMENT IN AUSTRALIA
NOT THE ‘ PERCEPTION ' OF UNEMPLOYMENT – JUNE 8 , 2012
http : //www.roymorgan.com/~/media/Files/Papers/2012/20120603.pdf
The Roy Morgan Unemployment estimate is obtained by surveying an Australia-wide cross-section by face-to-face interviews . A person is classified as unemployed if they are looking for work , no matter when .
The results are not seasonally adjusted and provide an accurate measure of monthly unemployment estimates in Australia .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics Unemployment estimates are obtained by mostly telephone interviews . Households selected for the ABS Survey are interviewed each month for eight months , with one-eighth of the sample being replaced each month . The first interview is conducted face-to-face . Subsequent interviews are then conducted by telephone .
The ABS classifies a person as unemployed if , when surveyed , they have been actively looking for work in the four weeks up to the end of the reference week and if they were available for work in the reference week .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics Unemployment estimates are also seasonally adjusted .
For these reasons the Australian Bureau of Statistics Unemployment estimates are different from the Roy Morgan Unemployment estimate . Gary Morgan 's concerns regarding the ABS Unemployment estimate is clearly outlined in their letter to the Australian Financial Review , which was not published .
Margin of Error
The margin of error to be allowed for in any estimate depends mainly on the number of interviews on which it is based . The following table gives indications of the likely range within which estimates would be 95 % likely to fall , expressed as the number of percentage points above or below the actual estimate . The figures are approximate and for general guidance only , and assume a simple random sample . Allowance for design effects ( such as stratification and weighting ) should be made as appropriate .
The Blockchain is Important and so is Bitcoin
Nick Tomaino Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 24 , 2015
At the moment , it seems to be fashionable for venture capitalists and tech journalists to say “ I love the blockchain , just not bitcoin. ” There are a few things that people that make this claim completely ignore :
The blockchain does not work without bitcoin
The blockchain is a distributed public ledger that allows individuals who do n't know and trust each other to transfer value . Miners in the Bitcoin network secure the distributed ledger and verify transactions . Miners expend electricity to verify transactions , and they are incentivized to do so by earning a bitcoin reward and transaction fees for their work . Miners participate because bitcoin has value . Without a digital token that has value , there is no secure distributed public ledger that anyone can use to transfer value quickly and cheaply across the world .
Bitcoin is an economic experiment
Traditional fiat currencies today are based on Keynesian economics , which suggests that the optimal economic policy can be achieved through economic intervention by the government . This approach to money has not worked out well for people in many countries across the world like Argentina , Zimbabwe , and Cyprus . There are many reasons to believe that a digital currency based on math rather than trust in people could be an improvement to traditional fiat currencies . This has n't been proven before though , so people tend to dismiss bitcoin as a currency .
Bitcoin has the best characteristics of money
Money is a language people use to express value . Throughout history , people have always chosen to use the best form to express value based on six characteristics : scarcity , durability , divisibility , fungability , portability , and recognizability . If you evaluate bitcoin on all six characteristics , you will learn that bitcoin is superior to any fiat currency or commodity that has ever existed .
To say that bitcoin has the best characteristics of money is not to say that bitcoin is money yet . In the traditional economic sense , money is defined as any item or verifiable record that serves as a medium of exchange , store of value , and unit of account . While bitcoin is currently functioning well as a medium of exchange , the world is still determining whether it wants bitcoin to be its store of value and unit of account . That decision will play out over a long period of time and is solely dependent on adoption . As bitcoin becomes easier to use and more useful for people around the world , it has a chance to fulfill its promise of being the the world 's first liquid , global language to communicate value .
If you enjoyed this ( or hated it ) , please share on Twitter and follow me @ NTmoney . You can also insantly earn some free bitcoin on Coinbase by creating an account here .
It should come as no surprise that the rates of substance abuse in the gay community are significantly higher than the general population . Whether this is a behavioral response to years of dealing with homophobia and discrimination , or a product of the party scene that has historically been highly integrated into gay culture as a means of meeting other men , this activity can destabilize relationships , threaten employment , and bring about other physical and mental health issues . The CDC adds that drug abuse also contributes to higher rates of HIV and other STIs within the gay community .
But where do we draw the line between long-term daily patterns of alcohol consumption and other drugs , and drug-driven sex benders lasting for days on end , pushing dangerous limits that sometimes result in multiple-drug overdoses ? How can we try to understand the motivating behavior behind the people involved in this community without implementing harmful stigmas ? What can we do to promote safer partying and safer sex ?
Chemsex generally describes the act of using drugs to facilitate or enhance sex , < chem > used as an abbreviation to mean “ chemical substances. ” However , within certain samples of gay communities around the world , this term points out the frequent multiple-day sex parties that are made possible by a specific group of drugs .
For some members of these communities , sex no longer exists without drug use , or at least it is significantly less enjoyable . Breaking this cycle of dangerous behavior becomes an extreme challenge , just as the addiction to chemsex is as real as any addiction to drugs .
Whether you know nothing about the world of Chemsex , or you have a friend struggling with addiction , here are 4 things you should know .
Wells Fargo will pay $ 24 million to settle allegations that it mistreated members of the military -- including illegally repossessing their cars .
The bank , already reeling from a scandal over fake accounts , will pay $ 4.1 million to settle Justice Department charges that it seized 413 cars owned by service members without a court order , a violation of federal law .
The Justice Department said the illegal repossessions took place from 2008 to 2015 . The first complaint came from an Army National Guardsman in North Carolina who said the bank seized their car while they were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan .
Wells Fargo then auctioned their car and tried to collect a balance of $ 10,000 from their family , the Justice Department said .
The bank will pay $ 10,000 to each of the affected service members , plus lost equity in the cars with interest , and repair their credit .
Related : Wells Fargo worker retaliation claims rile up Congress
The bank was fined $ 20 million more by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency for breaking three provisions of the same law by denying members of the military certain banking protections , including capping their interest rates at 6 % . Those violations began in 2006 , the OCC said .
Wells Fargo said in a statement that it apologizes for not living up to its commitment of ensuring that all service members `` receive the appropriate benefits and protections . ''
`` We have been notifying and fully compensating customers and will complete this work in 60 days , '' the company said .
Related : Lawmakers say Wells Fargo is like a 'criminal enterprise '
News of the penalties came as Wells Fargo and CEO John Stumpf faced the wrath of the House Financial Services Committee at a hearing about the millions of fake bank and credit card accounts , plus claims that it retaliated against whistleblowers .
The company is also facing lawsuits from shareholders , former employees and customers .
Trinium Wars leaves Steam Early Access today and we want to mark the date with a special giveaway . We 'll be giving away starter packs that help you in your adventure.The pack will provide you with the following items : 1000 cash currency , 200x Beginner Powerpack ( Increase HP , speed ) , 50 HP 2400 Recovery Ampule , 25 % Experience Bonus ( 7 days ) , Ring of Queen Rose : HP+62 , 1x Auto Looting Service ( 7days ) , 1x Item Drop Rate Bonus ( 7days ) , Inventory upgrade 4 slots , Warehouse upgrade 5 slots.Follow the instructions to get a code : Do n't miss a giveaway . Follow us on Twitter , Facebook & Google+.Complete the captcha , then add your email to the field above ( beside the “ Get Your Key ” button ) . You can only sign up once for this giveaway . If it 's the first time you use our system please check your email to validate it and add again the same mail in the field above.Go to Steam and log in with your account.Select `` activate a product on Steam '' on the Menu and introduce the code .
This entry was posted on Thursday , June 16th , 2016 at 1:28 pm and is filed under MMO News . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . Puedes dejar una respuesta , o un trackback desde tu sitio web .
Crews plan to begin demolishing home Sunday
The effort to find the body of a Florida man who was swallowed by a sinkhole under their Florida home was called off Saturday and crews planned to begin demolishing the four-bedroom house .
The 20-foot-wide opening of the sinkhole is almost completely covered by the house and rescuers feared it would collapse on them if they tried to search for Jeff Bush , 37 . Crews were testing the unstable ground surrounding the home and evacuated two neighboring homes as a precaution .
Hillsborough County Administrator Mike Merrill said heavy equipment would be brought in to begin the demolition Sunday morning .
`` At this point it 's really not possible to recover the body , '' Merrill said , later adding `` we 're dealing with a very unusual sinkhole . ''
Jessica Damico , spokesperson for Hillsborough County Fire Rescue , said the demolition equipment would be placed on what they believe is solid ground and reach onto the property to pull apart the house . The crew will try pulling part of the house away from the sinkhole intact so some heirlooms and mementoes can be retrieved .
Bush was in their bedroom Thursday night in Seffner — a suburb of 8,000 people 15 miles east of downtown Tampa — when the earth opened and took them and everything else in their room . Five others in the house escape unharmed .
On Saturday , the normally quiet neighborhood of concrete block homes painted in Florida pastels was jammed with cars as engineers , reporters , and curious onlookers came to the scene .
At the home next door to the Bushes , a family cried and organized boxes . Testing determined that their house and another was compromised by the sinkhole . The families were allowed to go inside for about a half-hour to gather belongings .
Sisters Soliris and Elbairis Gonzalez , who live on the same street as Bushes , said neighbors were worried for their safety .
`` I 've had nightmares , '' Soliris Gonzalez , 31 , said . `` In my dreams , I keep checking for cracks in the house . ''
They said the family has discussed where to go if forced to evacuate , and they 've taken their important documents to a storage unit .
`` The rest of it , this is material stuff , as long as our family is fine , '' Soliris Gonzalez said .
`` You never know underneath the ground what 's happening , '' added Elbairis Gonzalez , 30 .
Experts say thousands of sinkholes form yearly in Florida because of the state 's unique geography , though most are small and deaths rarely occur .
`` There 's hardly a place in Florida that 's immune to sinkholes , '' said Sandy Nettles , who owns a geology consulting company in the Tampa area . `` There 's no way of ever predicting where a sinkhole is going to occur . ''
Most sinkholes are small , like one found Saturday morning in Largo , 35 miles away from Seffner . The Largo sinkhole , about 10 feet long and several feet wide , is in a mall parking lot .
The state sits on limestone , a porous rock that easily dissolves in water , with a layer of clay on top . The clay is thicker in some locations — including the area where Bush became a victim — making them even more prone to sinkholes .
Jonathan Arthur , the state geologist and director of the Florida Geological Survey , said other states sit atop limestone in a similar way , but Florida has additional factors like extreme weather , development , aquifer pumping and construction . `` The conditions under which a sinkhole will form can be very rapid , or they can form slowly over time , '' they said .
But it remained unclear Saturday what , if anything , caused the Seffner sinkhole .
`` The condition that caused that sinkhole could have started a million years ago , '' Nettles said .
Jeremy Bush , who tried to rescue their brother , lay flowers and a stuffed lamb near the house Saturday morning and wept .
They said someone came to their home a couple of months ago to check for sinkholes and other issues , apparently for insurance purposes , but found nothing wrong . State law requires home insurers to provide coverage against sinkholes .
`` And a couple of months later , my brother dies . In a sinkhole , '' Bush said Friday .
EARLIER : In a matter of seconds , the earth opened under Jeff Bush 's bedroom and swallowed them up like something out of a horror movie . About the only thing left was the TV cable running down into the hole .
Bush , 37 , was presumed dead Friday , the victim of a sinkhole — a hazard so common in Florida that state law requires home insurers to provide coverage against the danger .
The sinkhole , estimated at 20 feet across and 20 feet deep , caused the home 's concrete floor to cave in around 11 p.m. Thursday as everyone in the Tampa-area house was turning in for the night . It gave way with a loud crash that sounded like a car hitting the house and brought Bush 's brother running .
Jeremy Bush said they jumped into the hole but could n't see their brother and had to be rescued themselves by a sheriff 's deputy who reached out and pulled them to safety as the ground crumbled around him .
`` The floor was still giving in and the dirt was still going down , but I did n't care . I wanted to save my brother , '' Jeremy Bush said through tears Friday in a neighbor 's yard . `` But I just could n't do anything . ''
They added : `` I could swear I heard them hollering my name to help him . ''
Officials lowered equipment into the sinkhole and saw no signs of life , said Hillsborough County Fire Rescue spokesperson Jessica Damico .
A dresser and the TV set had vanished down the hole , along with most of Bush 's bed .
`` All I could see was the cable wire running from the TV going down into the hole . I saw a corner of the bed and a corner of the box spring and the frame of the bed , '' Jeremy Bush said .
Engineers worked to determine whether the ground was stable enough to support heavy machinery to help them recover the body . Workers with rope tied around them took soil samples from the yard .
Engineers said they may have to demolish the small , sky-blue house , even though from the outside there appeared to be nothing wrong with the four-bedroom , concrete-wall structure , built in 1974 .
Florida is highly prone to sinkholes because there are caverns below ground of limestone , a porous rock that easily dissolves in water . A sinkhole near Orlando grew to 400 feet across in 1981 and devoured five sports cars , most of two businesses , a three-bedroom house and the deep end of an Olympic-size swimming pool .
More than 500 sinkholes have been reported in Hillsborough County alone since the government started keeping track in 1954 , according to the state 's environmental agency .
Jeremy Bush said someone came out to the home a couple of months ago to check for sinkholes and other things , apparently for insurance purposes .
`` He said there was nothing wrong with the house . Nothing . And a couple of months later , my brother dies . In a sinkhole , '' Bush said .
Six people were at the home at the time , including Jeremy Bush 's wife and their 2-year-old daughter . The brothers worked maintenance jobs , including picking up trash along highways .
___
Follow Lush at www.twitter.com/tamaralush
Online : http : //www.dep.state.fl.us/geology/feedback/faq.htm ( hash ) 17
EARLIER : A Florida man says they tried to rescue their brother when a sinkhole opened up inside their house near Tampa .
Jeremy Bush says they heard their brother screaming for help when the earth collapsed beneath their brother 's bedroom .
Jeremy Bush says it took them seconds to get to their brother Jeff 's room late Thursday , but the earth had already swallowed him .
Bush says they jumped into the hole and was quickly covered in dirt . An arriving Hillsborough County Sheriff 's deputy pulled them to safety .
Jeremy Bush fears their brother is dead . Fire rescue officials lowered equipment into the sinkhole but have so far not seen any sign of life .
EARLIER : A man was missing and feared dead early Friday after a large sinkhole opened under the bedroom of a Seffner house and their brother says the man screamed for help before they disappeared .
The 34-year-old man 's brother told rescue crews they heard a loud crash around 11 p.m. Thursday , then heard their brother screaming for help .
`` When they got there , there was no bedroom left , '' Hillsborough County Fire Rescue spokesperson Jessica Damico said . `` There was no furniture . All they saw was a piece of the mattress sticking up . ''
The brother called 911 and frantically tried to help the victim . An arriving deputy pulled the brother from the still-collapsing house , but was unable to find the first man .
There has been no contact with the man since then and neighbors on both sides of the Brandon home have been evacuated .
`` We put engineering equipment into the sinkhole and did n't see anything compatible with life , '' Damico said .
Damico would not say that the man is presumed dead , but cable news outlet CNN cited sources early Friday as saying the man was presumed dead .
Damico said that at the surface , they estimate the sinkhole is about 30 feet across but officials say the sinkhole spreads to about 100 feet across below the surface . Authorities were waiting for an engineering crew to bring monitoring equipment to determine the borders of the sinkhole , they said .
`` The entire house is on the sinkhole , '' Damico said .
Janell Wheeler told the Tampa Bay Times they were inside the house with four other adults , a child and two dogs when the sinkhole opened .
`` It sounded like a car hit my house , '' they said .
It was dark . They remembered screams and one of their nephews rushing to rescue their brother , trapped in the debris .
Wheeler 's house was condemned . The rest of the family went to a hotel but they stayed behind with their dog , sleeping in their car .
`` I just want my nephew , '' they said through tears .
Information from : WFTS-TV , http : //www.wfts.com/
EARLIER : A man was missing and feared dead early Friday after a large sinkhole opened under the bedroom of a Seffner house and their brother says the man screamed for help before they disappeared .
The 34-year-old man 's brother told rescue crews they heard a loud crash around 11 p.m. Thursday , then heard their brother screaming for help .
`` When they got there , there was no bedroom left , '' Hillsborough County Fire Rescue spokesperson Jessica Damico said . `` There was no furniture . All they saw was a piece of the mattress sticking up . ''
The brother called 911 and frantically tried to help the victim . An arriving deputy pulled the brother from the still-collapsing house , but was unable to find the first man .
There has been no contact with the man since then and neighbors on both sides of the Brandon home have been evacuated .
`` We put engineering equipment into the sinkhole and did n't see anything compatible with life , '' Damico said .
Damico would not say that the man is presumed dead , but cable news outlet CNN cited sources early Friday as saying the man was presumed dead .
Damico said that at the surface , they estimate the sinkhole is about 30 feet across but officials say the sinkhole spreads to about 100 feet across below the surface . Authorities were waiting for an engineering crew to bring monitoring equipment to determine the borders of the sinkhole , they said .
`` The entire house is on the sinkhole , '' Damico said .
Janell Wheeler told the Tampa Bay Times they were inside the house with four other adults , a child and two dogs when the sinkhole opened .
`` It sounded like a car hit my house , '' they said .
It was dark . They remembered screams and one of their nephews rushing to rescue their brother , trapped in the debris .
Wheeler 's house was condemned . The rest of the family went to a hotel but they stayed behind with their dog , sleeping in their car .
`` I just want my nephew , '' they said through tears .
Information from : WFTS-TV , http : //www.wfts.com/
Introduction to Nature Journaling : Origins of Citizen Science
12:00 PM
Use your observation and recording skills in this workshop to become familiar with the art of nature journaling . Join artist Nellie Sue Potter and Emily Beaton ( HPNC Community Programs Coordinator ) as they dive into the world of nature journaling . This workshop is for those entirely new to nature journaling , as well as those who want to extend their knowledge and technique . This program will provide you with instruction on observing , recording and sketching and provide tips for you to continue your nature journaling practice beyond the workshop ! This workshop will also look at the the history and cultural influence nature journaling has had in both the scientific and art communities . The workshop will include both indoor and outdoor components . Please ensure that you are dressed for the weather and that you wear a warm , comfortable footwear . We are committed to offering accessible programming and plan to hike on wide trails with gentle inclines . If you have any questions or concerns , please contact us prior to the workshop . Art supplies required * : Good quality graphite pencils , ( i.e grades 4B , HB , 2H ) White vinyl eraser Sketchbook or journal of unlined paper Pencil sharpener ( Preferably the kind that comes with an attached container to catch the pencil sharpenings ) Pressed paper stomp , about the size of a pencil , or a bit larger * Please note that we will have a limited supply of materials available at the nature centre ( i.e copy paper , clipboards , pencils ) .
* Updated on December 8 , 2016 .
I will try to keep this review as unbiased as possible .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
First Impressions :
* Buttons & Scroll Wheel :
* Finalmouse had a rough launch with this mouse due to a key-rollover or `` ghosting '' issue but now they have released a patch for this issue that you can get by emailing them at support @ finalmouse.com .
Anyway , the buttons are very responsive and of a high quality . Both left and right-mouse buttons have the same feel and are not too sensitive nor are they too stiff . The side buttons ( mouse button 4 & 5 ) feel very responsive and I can easily hold them down while moving the mouse at high speeds without any awkward feeling or loss of grip .
* The scroll wheel is very sensitive compared to most gaming mice . After using it for a month , it did take some time for me to adjust to it . If you use scroll to bunny hop ( like me ) , having a sensitive scroll can improve the responsiveness to landing your hops . However , over a month of use , the scroll wheel went off prematurely once and it caused me to awkwardly jump in the middle of a match . Having something like this happen in a tournament can be a crucial problem . It can probably be mitigated if the scroll wheel was a little stiffer or of course by unbinding it in your game settings .
The middle mouse button ( also known as the scroll wheel button ) is also responsive and requires a little pressure to actuate but most mice are like this so this is not particularly an issue for me . And the DPI button , which is placed directly on top of the mouse , has DPI levels of 400 , 800 , 1600 , and 3200 , respectively .
Texture & Grip :
The blue or top portion of the mouse has a rubberized coating that increases grip , especially when sweating . * Over the past month , I have fallen in love with the feel of the rubber coating . The sides are made of a hard plastic that could get slippery when wet or sweaty .
The Scream One has this curve at the top of the left and right mouse buttons that makes it perfect for palm grip users . I can comfortably place my palm on the mouse and still have enough room to click because of my finger resting on this curve . Likewise , it is also great for claw and fingertip grip users because it has plenty of room on the sides to rest your fingers and to pick it up .
* Cable & Weight :
I personally dislike braided cables for my mouse because of the increased resistance , weight , inflexibility , and it 's fraying over the long run . It raises the question : how can this be my `` final mouse '' if the cable is braided ?
* After getting used to this mouse for a month , the cable did get very annoying at times ( especially on the lab unit I received ) . The braided cable has an issue with flexibility , even with a mouse bungee . There was always some sort of resistance I would feel , even if I extended the cable on the bungee . I really do hope Finalmouse releases a version of this mouse without a braided cable .
I do not have a scale to measure exact weight but I can confirm it weighs less than 85 grams ( without cable ) making it one of , if not the lightest gaming mouse ever created .
Sensor & Tracking :
This is not a PixArt 3360 review so I will try to be as brief as possible . Apparently , a g-force greater than 50g is needed before the sensor starts having issues tracking , almost twice as much as PixArt 's last optical sensor could handle . The last optical sensor I used by them , the 3310 , lasted me about a year and half of heavy use before the sensor started failing so I am going to go ahead and assume this sensor will last me longer . * The 3360 has not spun out or ever failed on me after a month of heavy use . I will update this if it ever does fail on me .
Additionally , this mouse is very lightweight making tracking on a very low sensitivity incredibly precise . The Lift-off Distance is about 1mm . Combined with the low weight , lifting the mouse to readjust its position has never been easier for me . The four mouse feet are very like other high-grade gaming mice and they are not super slippery .
Now , the polling rate is kept at 1000 Hz . As far as I know , there is no way to change it . If you play old games such as Quake Live , this could be an issue for you . However , for CS : GO or any other game that is still being updated , you should be fine .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
In summary , this is a very finely tuned mouse that has given me great expectations so far . The great feel , responsiveness , and lightness of the Scream One make it a very distinctive choice for the competitive gamer . Finalmouse has taken a lot of time to fully release this product but it may have just been worth it . Despite the sensitive scroll wheel some may not like and the braided cable that can be annoying at times , it is now safe to say that is this is certainly on the nomination list for the best competitive gaming mouse of 2016 .
A novel new testing method uses a single drop of blood to test for 13 types of cancer .
By testing for differences in the microRNA ( miRNA ) the test is able to accurately detect cancers of the breast , lung , stomach , colorectal tract , esophagus , liver , and pancreas , among others .
“ MicroRNAs constitute a recently discovered class of non-coding RNAs that play key roles in the regulation of gene expression . Acting at the post-transcriptional level , these fascinating molecules may fine-tune the expression of as much as 30 % of all mammalian protein-encoding genes , ” according to life sciences and diagnostics lab Exiqon .
In lab tests using preserved blood samples from some 40,000 patients , the researchers were able to identify miRNA specific to these 13 types of cancer with more than 95 percent accuracy .
According to the researchers , however , the test could have featured altered miRNA that had changed during the preservation ( freezing ) process .
The team intends to do a clinical test next month using fresh blood from 3,000 people .
While there are current tests on the market to test for cancer using blood samples , what makes this discovery so compelling is that it 's the first of its kind to test for multiple forms of cancer in the same test .
“ Patients will not need to take multiple tests . In the future , it will become possible to identify cancer stages and characteristics , ” said Yet Takahiro Ochiya , head of the Molecular and Cellular Medicine Division at the NCC 's Research Institute .
via Futurism
New blood test can check for 13 types of cancers on The Japan News
Read next : This Trump speech written by AI is as nonsensical as the real deal
43 % Say Most Members of Congress Are Corrupt
Mark Twain once said , “ It could probably be shown by facts and figures that there is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. ” A large number of Americans share that skepticism .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that 43 % of the nation 's voters believe that most members of Congress are corrupt . Only 27 % disagree and doubt that most national legislators are that dishonorable . Thirty percent ( 30 % ) are not sure . ( To see survey question wording , click here . )
Interestingly , there 's little difference of opinion on this question between Republicans and Democrats . But voters not affiliated with either of the major parties are more doubtful : 51 % think most members of Congress are corrupt .
( Want a free daily e-mail update ? If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) . Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook .
The survey of 1,000 Likely Voters was conducted on April 19-20 , 2011 by Rasmussen Reports . The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence . Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC . See methodology .
OR
The oil tanker that crashed into the Mildred Long Bridge allegedly had n't replaced a crucial device .
The oil tanker Harbour Feature , which broke its mooring and crashed into the Mildred Long Bridge between Maine and New Hampshire two years ago , had failed to replace a component of its mooring system after its last inspection , according to a federal report on maritime accidents released Wednesday .
Seen in this aerial photograph , tugboats hold the Harbour Feature in place against the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge after it slipped off its mooring at the New Hampshire State Pier on April 1 , 2013 . A new federal report says the ship 's operator had failed to replace a component of the mooring system . 2013 Press Herald file photo/Gabe Souza
The National Transportation Safety Board issued its Safer Seas 2014 report on 23 major marine accident investigations that were concluded last year and the lessons that can be gleaned from them .
The Harbour Feature incident was the only one in the report that happened in waters off Maine , though another of the high-profile maritime disasters also had a Maine connection .
The 108-foot H.M.S . Bounty , a replica of the original 18th-century British tall ship , sank Oct. 29 , 2012 after taking on water off Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . The NTSB investigation found that the primary cause of the sinking – in which a crew member died and the captain disappeared – was the captain 's decision to sail into Hurricane Sandy . However , the consequences of that decision were compounded , the investigation found , by the earlier decision not to repair portions of rotten wood in the ship 's hull , discovered while it was being serviced at Boothbay Harbor Shipyard in Maine .
The captain and boat 's owner opted to paint over the rotten wood rather than replace it , a decision which likely caused the boat to take on more water than it normally would have had it been in good repair , the report said . The Coast Guard did an inspection of the ship but did not check its hull because it was not due for a hull inspection for another three years , the NTSB report said .
The boat took on water faster because of the rotten wood and eventually the propulsion system and with it the bilge pumps stopped working .
The captain ultimately radioed for help when the engine room had 4 feet of water in it , the report said . Fourteen of the crew were rescued .
In the Harbour Feature incident , the ship had just been loaded with petroleum cargo on April 1 , 2013 , and had been moved to another pier for refueling .
Because the 473-foot vessel was 29 feet deep in the stern , and the depth alongside the pier is just 30 feet , the pilot positioned the ship so its bow extended 30 feet beyond the end of the pier . The boat was then moored with just 10 of its 23 mooring lines , according to the safety board report .
When the notoriously strong tides of the Piscataqua River started coming in , it created a cross current which pushed the ship away from the pier .
A crew members noticed smoke coming from the mooring line drums that the lines wind around . Two lines broke and the others pulled free as the mooring winch brakes – designed to control how much mooring line is let out or retracted – slipped .
A later investigation would determine that the asbestos linings on the winch brakes were checked a month earlier and found to be just 3 mm thick , the point at which they are supposed to be replaced , the report said . But they were not replaced and so probably had less ability to stop the mooring lines from releasing than they might have otherwise , the report said .
The report said the primary cause of the crash was inadequate mooring arrangements made by the ship 's master and the pilot .
The Harbour Feature crash caused $ 2.5 million in damage to the Mildred Long Bridge and $ 1 million to the ship itself , though the hull was not breached and there was no release of petroleum products .
The owners of the ship ultimately agreed to a settlement with Maine and New Hampshire , paying $ 1.3 million toward bridge repairs .
The report included all investigations that concluded during 2014 . Investigations by NTSB occur when there is property damage of at least $ 500,000 , six or more fatalities or the total loss of a ship weighing more than 100 tons .
Share
In one of the worst examples of government regulation and intrusion , the US government ordered Michigan cherry farmers to literally dump 30 million pounds of cherries on the ground . Even worse , many cherry farmers are being driven out of business because of the outrageous rules .
The practice is coming to national light because of a new lawsuit against the government filed by a cherry processor . A judge currently is considering issue .
“ The food pantry shelves are bare , people going hungry , and here we are dumping millions of pounds of cherries on the ground , ” Michigan cherry grower Rob Manigold said of the 2009 incident . That was the same year farmer Leonard Ligon dumped 72,000 pounds of tart cherries along a road outside Traverse City , Michigan , to protest US Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) regulations on their state 's cherries .
Dumping along the road was one of the few things that Ligon could legally do with the cherries they had grown on their own property . Under the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act , a bureaucracy called the Cherry Industry Administrative Board ( CIAB ) tells farmers how many tart cherries they can sell . The board ordered Michigan farmers to keep 65 percent of their crop off the market in 2009 , Bridge Magazine reported . Last year farmers were allowed to sell only 90 percent of their crop .
The Bizarre World of US Cherry Regulation
The way in which the USDA regulates cherries is completely bizarre . The CIAB 's rulings only affect one kind of cherry , tart cherries , and they only cover cherries grown in one state : Michigan .
Discover The Only Way Back To True Freedom And Liberty In America…
That means a tart cherry farmer in Oregon is free to sell all of their crop , but a tart cherry farmer on Michigan 's Northwest Lower Peninsula is not . Nor are there any restrictions on tart cherries imported from other countries . That has actually created a situation in which the US imported tart cherries from Canada and even Poland as Michigan farmers were dumping their crop on the ground .
“ It 's not that we did n't have the capacity to process , hold or sell the cherries . They 're telling us that if we do , it would somehow be destructive , ” Bill Sherman of cherry processor Burnett Foods in Elk Rapids , Michigan , said . “ There were growers that literally dumped them alongside the road . ”
Under the restrictions , the CIAB puts severe limitations on how many cherries can be sold out of Michigan . Tart cherries are used as an ingredient in juice , baked goods , pie fillings and jams or jellies .
That leaves Michigan farmers at a disadvantage if they grow a large crop . It also forces Michigan processors like Sherman to import tart cherries from Ontario or other states even as farmers in their area are throwing cherries out .
1930s System Hurts Modern Farmers
The regulations on tart cherries were set up during the Great Depression of the 1930s in an attempt to protect farmers . The idea was to keep crops off the market and drive prices up . Nowadays some farmers complain that the regulations make cherry farming unprofitable .
“ The farther I get away from the tart cherry business the better as far as I 'm concerned , ” Manigold told The Traverse City Record-Eagle in 2009 . “ My whole focus right now is to convert to wine grapes . ”
Wine grapes , unlike tart cherries , are not regulated by the USDA .
“ All I 'm saying to the tourists and joggers and others in this town is that life on the farm is not always profitable , ” Ligon , the cherry dumping farmer , said , “ and we 're losing our ( cherry ) producers . ”
Low tart cherry prices are making it difficult to farm at a time when farm-related costs keep rising , farmer David White complained . White believes the restrictions can raise tart cherry prices but they also prevent high prices in the market which could benefit farmers .
The restriction “ takes the peaks and valleys out ( of cherry prices ) , but it really knocks the peak off , ” White said . “ Our costs on the farm keep going up . Some of our biggest costs , spraying for insects and fungal diseases , keep ratcheting up . And you know the price of fuel is going up . And we 're not seeing the results in our pricing . When you adjust for inflation , I think we 're going the wrong direction . ”
System Called Outdated
“ This is New Deal legislation when farming was 40 acres and a mule , ” Sherman said . “ Agriculture is nothing like that now . ”
Sherman 's company has sued the USDA in an attempt to get the tart cherry restrictions overturned . Burnett 's attorneys claim that the CIAB is dominated by representatives of the frozen cherry business who set quotas in such a way as to drive up prices for their products .
Do you believe the government should regulate how many cherries are on the market ? Tell us in the comments section below .
Sign up for Off The Grid News ' weekly email and stay informed about all things off-grid .
Viera High graduate Katie Stengel , Wake Forest 's all-time leading scorer , has been named to the Women 's National Team roster . ( Photo : Wake Forest University photo )
Some observers have called Katie Stengel one of the game 's best young women 's soccer players .
This week , U.S. Women 's National Team coach Tom Sermanni made it official by naming them to their training camp roster for the team 's friendly match against China PR April 6 in Colorado and April 10 in San Diego .
`` I was in St. Louis with my family for spring break and ended up getting a call from a number I did n't recognize , '' the 22-year-old Viera resident said . `` It turned out to be ( a representative of ) the Women 's National Team ) and they said 'Tom Sermanni wants you to come to camp . ' I could n't believe it . I am so happy . ''
The call gave Stengel multiple reasons to be happy after a difficult senior season at Wake Forest .
A four time All-American and their university 's all-time leading scorer with 50 goals and 125 points , the former Space Coast United standout and Florida Class 4A High School Player of the Year was diagnosed with two blood clots ( deep-vein thromboses ) in the leg last October .
`` I was out for three months on blood thinners and another month coming off blood thinners , so I missed half the ACC season and all of the postseason , '' they said . `` It was so disappointing . ''
But the Viera High graduate persevered and studied — they are an ACC Academic All-American who has won a postgraduate scholarship — and resumed training in January .
Earlier this month , they scored against Norway to help the U.S. Women 's Under-23 National Team win the Six Nations Tournament in LaManga , Spain . They also are the seventh player from the 2012 FIFA Under-20 Women 's World Cup championship team to have been named to the full national squad .
Stengel , who also plays for the Los Angeles Blues of the pro-am W-League , joins Virginia 's Morgan Brian and UCLA 's Samantha Mewis as the only three college players on the national team 's 24-player roster .
Them coach at Wake Forest could n't be happier .
`` We are very excited to see Katie called up to the full national team for the first time , '' Tony da Luz said . `` This is a really great opportunity for her , and we 're looking forward to seeing what they can do at the top level of international soccer . ''
So does Stengel , who will report to camp Monday .
`` I 'm not even sure I 'll dress for the game because only 18 players can , but it 's so exciting , '' they said . `` I 'll be there . I ca n't wait . ''
The roster
GOALKEEPERS ( 3 ) : Jill Loyden ( Sky Blue FC ) , Alyssa Naeher ( Boston Breakers ) , Hope Solo ( Seattle Reign FC )
DEFENDERS ( 9 ) : Stephanie Cox ( Seattle Reign FC ) , Whitney Engen ( Tyresö ) , Meghan Klingenberg ( Tyresö ) , Ali Krieger ( Washington Spirit ) , Kristie Mewis ( Boston Breakers ) , Kelley O'Hara ( Sky Blue FC ) , Christie Rampone ( Sky Blue FC ) , Becky Sauerbrunn ( FC Kansas City ) , Rachel Van Hollebeke ( Portland Thorns FC )
MIDFIELDERS ( 7 ) : Morgan Brian ( Virginia ) , Tobin Heath ( Paris Saint-Germain ) , Lauren Holiday ( FC Kansas City ) , Carli Lloyd ( WNY Flash ) , Samantha Mewis ( UCLA ) , Heather O'Reilly ( Boston Breakers ) , Megan Rapinoe ( Seattle Reign FC )
FORWARDS ( 5 ) : Sydney Leroux ( Seattle Reign FC ) , Christen Press ( Tyresö ) , Amy Rodriguez ( FC Kansas City ) , Katie Stengel ( LA Blues ) , Abby Wambach ( WNY Flash )
The cash-strapped man Newsweek magazine named as the creator of Bitcoin has thanked supporters who donated over $ 23,000 of the virtual currency to him .
Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto again denied being the mysterious mastermind behind Bitcoin in a YouTube video , and expressed their thanks to the Bitcoin community .
“ There 's 2,000 of you who donated , and I 'm very happy . Each one gives me a tick in my heart , ” Nakamoto said in the video . “ Thank you very much . ”
The 64-year-old California resident appeared in the video with Andreas Antonopoulos , a security official at Bitcoin wallet service Blockchain who organized an online fundraiser for Nakamoto in March .
“ This man is such a kind and generous soul , ” Antonopoulos wrote on Reddit , expressing satisfaction that Nakamoto is happy .
Holding the edition of Newsweek that thrust them into the international media spotlight , Nakamoto said their ordeal is continuing . They ridiculed the notion that the supposedly secretive , anonymous genius behind Bitcoin would use their real name .
Media reports for years have speculated about the identity of the creator of Bitcoin , known as Satoshi Nakamoto .
The Blockchain fundraiser drew nearly 48 bitcoins , which is about $ 23,400 at the current price of $ 487 per bitcoin .
Nakamoto did not say if they would convert the donations to cash , or use them to fund legal action against Newsweek , but emphasized that they will use the bitcoin donation address and be part of the Bitcoin community .
In a letter released by their lawyer in March denying that they are the digital currency 's founder , Nakamoto said they have been unable to find steady work as an engineer or programmer for a decade , and had to cancel their Internet service due to money woes .
They added that the Newsweek article harmed their prospects for gainful employment .
The magazine and its reporter Leah McGrath Goodman have stood by the article .
DENVER ( CBS4 ) – An alert has been issued by the FBI to all law enforcement agencies in Colorado and Wyoming involving U.S. military families and concerns about who may be watching them .
The alert says Middle Eastern men are approaching families of U.S. military members at their homes in Colorado and Wyoming . It mentions Greeley , Colorado , and Cheyenne , Wyoming , as the specific areas .
In one case last May the wife of a military member was approached in front of their home by two Middle Eastern males . The men stated that they were the wife of a U.S. interrogator . When they denied their claims the men laughed . The two men left the area in a dark-colored , four-door sedan with two other Middle Eastern males in the vehicle .
“ The woman had observed the vehicle in the neighborhood on previous occasions , ” the alert states .
Similar incidents in Wyoming have been reported to the FBI throughout June 2015 .
“ On numerous occasions family members of military personnel were confronted by Middle Eastern males in front of their homes . ”
The FBI 's alert says Middle Eastern men attempted to gain personal information about military members and family members through intimidation . Those family members reported feeling scared .
The alert says the men have n't been identified and the FBI is n't sure if the incidents all involve the same men .
While the FBI wo n't comment on the alert to CBS4 , Colorado 's Department of Homeland Security says it is aware of it and says military families are encouraged to report any suspicious behavior to the FBI .
The alert says people in Colorado who are approached should contact the FBI Fort Collins Resident Agency at ( 970 ) 663-1028 . In Wyoming contact the FBI Cheyenne Resident Agency at ( 307 ) 632-6224 .
Opal Brown , 38 , who admitted to throwing urine at a Metrobus driver in August , was sentenced Thursday for the assault .
WASHINGTON — The woman who admitted to throwing a cup of their own urine at a Metrobus driver in August was sentenced on Thursday .
Opal Brown was sentenced to 120 days in jail and three years of probation , during which time they ca n't ride on the X2 line . Judge Patricia Broderick said they wished they could have handed down more time for the August incident : “ There 's no remorse , ” Broderick said .
Cameras on the X2 bus captured Brown relieving themselves into a cup . Then , at a stop at Minnesota Avenue and Benning Road , in Northeast D.C. , Brown reached around the driver 's plastic shield and dumped the liquid before running off . The driver went to a hospital for “ decontamination , ” although they were otherwise unharmed .
Brown posted on Facebook that “ it was me who did the bad stuff to the Metro operator ” because they were being “ very rude. ” They told NBC Washington the driver told them ‘ 'have a nice day ” sarcastically , and that “ she had to get it ! ”
In court Thursday , Assistant U.S. Attorney Ryan Norman also said that Brown used social media to make light of the fact that police were looking for her , by posting a link to an article about the assault .
Brown was arrested after the incident , and again in September after failing to make a court appearance . Last month , they decided to take a plea deal , pleading guilty to simple assault in exchange for having charges related to their failure to appear dropped . Brown has been held in jail since their September arrest and will be credited for time served .
Defense lawyer Donna Beasley said Brown has mental health problems and was also abusing drugs , which they said made for an “ unfortunate situation for all involved . ”
Brown opted to address the court , and said that they have apologized for the assault before . They maintained that they and the bus driver had been in an argument . Broderick said there was no evidence of an argument on the video and that there was “ no way you can justify throwing urine on them face . ”
“ You just do n't get it , ” Broderick added .
Brown also claimed the bus driver “ was never affected ” because the driver 's name did not widely appear in news reports , as theirs did . That prompted jeers from the numerous transit workers in the courtroom . “ That 's horrible , ” one could be heard saying . Brown then revised their statement to say the driver was obviously affected by the attack itself .
“ We 're satisfied , ” said Carroll Thomas , vice president of the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 689 , Metro 's largest union ; “ The judge did the most they could do. ” They said the driver had only been on the job about a month when the attack happened .
The sentencing comes as the union continues to push for tougher penalties on people who assault bus drivers , a further increase in the number of police officers assigned to buses and an improved design for the barriers that protect bus operators .
The prosecution pointed out that 75 assaults against Metrobus operators were recorded in 2016 , and Metro spokesperson Dan Stessel said attacks are up significantly this year — 84 so far in 2017 .
Stessel says Metro has already taken steps to improve the safety of drivers and , in turn , the public . They point to the cameras that are on all buses , an increase in police officers on bus routes and shields for drivers on more than one-third of the buses in the fleet , with the goal of all buses having the shields within two years .
They echoed the union 's statement that better designs for the shields would be looked at . “ They were n't designed envisioning an incident as repulsive as this , ” they said .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Washington Post :
The long and severe drought in the U.S. Southwest pales in comparison with what 's coming : a “ megadrought ” that will grip that region and the central Plains later this century and probably stay there for decades , a new study says .
Thirty-five years from now , if the current pace of climate change continues unabated , those areas of the country will experience a weather shift that will linger for as long as three decades , according to the study , released Thursday .
Researchers from NASA and Cornell and Columbia universities warned of major water shortages and conditions that dry out vegetation , which can lead to monster wildfires in southern Arizona and parts of California .
“ We really need to start thinking in longer-term horizons about how we 're going to manage it , ” said Toby R. Ault , an assistant professor in the department of Earth and atmospheric sciences at Cornell , one of the co-authors . “ This is a slow-moving natural hazard that humans are used to dealing with and used to managing . ”
Megadroughts are sustained periods of sparse precipitation and significant loss of soil moisture that span generations , about 10 times as long as a normal three-year drought .
9
9 Shares
This article was written by MikeM from the Muscle and Brawn Forum .
Big is a 10-12 week strength and size program designed by Jonathan Byrd , a nationally ranked powerlifter , that I have used for the past three months and I can tell you it works . I am physically bigger and have raised my powerlifting total close to 80 pounds in that time . I have done a number of different programs in the past two years since I started lifting seriously and nothing has worked as quickly and efficiently as this program has done for me . I will discuss the generalities of the program in this review but do n't want to give the program away . So do yourself a favor and get the e-book if you want a good method for getting big and strong .
I did the program four days a week program as it was laid out , but there is a three day a week option included if that works better for your schedule . Essentially you are doing a maximum effort squat day , a maximum effort bench day , a deadlift or back day as deadlift variations are used to cycle that lift , and an auxillary bench day each week . If you were doing three day , you 'd split up the auxillary day and some assistance stuff and do them on the other days .
The main idea behind the program is just smart old school type lifting . You do basic barbell movements every session . No fancy equipment , special bars , bands or chains needed , and this is a program designed for raw lifters . A lot of programs you see out there are written by geared guys and for geared or raw lifters , but this program is by a big strong geared guy telling you how they got really strong raw before they ever got into gear .
It is also basic old school linear periodization too . You go from high volume , lower intensity to low volume , higher intensity until you peak at the end of the program . And I used to think five rep sets were high volume , so let me tell you , starting the first two weeks with sets of eight is humbling . But I realized at the end it was crucial to condition yourself to handle the bigger weights you will be handling later .
An important aspect of the program is that aside from working the main lift , you also work the typical weak point of that lift in the assistance movements , both to strengthen that weak point and to encourage blood flow into that area to promote growth and strength . So , you bench and you hammer your triceps afterwards , squat and then hammer your quads and abs , deadlift or variation and then hammer your hamstrings and abs , etc .
The lifts , percentages , set , and reps you need to do are all laid exactly out for you , and aside from the main lift of the day , substitutions for assistance lifts that hit the same part of the body are just fine , and like I said all you need is basic stuff to do this routine . I did it in my garage .
One crucial thing that sets this program aside from a typical cookie cutter program out there though , is that you play with your percentages based on how you are doing week to week . You start with your real max single , maybe down five pounds to be safe , but your real max and base percentages off that for the first week . However , if you hit all your reps ( as you should in the first week ! ) , then you raise your max by five pounds and recalculate for week two . Same for every lift every week . Keep raising it five pounds if you make all the reps . If you miss a bench rep , but make all the others , keep bench the same but raise the others . If you 're struggling all over , take a deload and come back fresher and probably stronger . You 're always upping the ante as appropriate so you 're always moving forward .
I do n't know if this will work for you if you are a bodybuilder or a strongman , but I can tell you it will make you bigger and raise your powerlift total no question about it .
FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/Getty Images
Nestlé , one of the world 's most successful packaged-food companies , is planning to pioneer a new industry to bridge the ever-narrowing gap between food and medicine . The company announced it would invest about $ 500 million in a new venture called “ Nestlé Health Science ” to develop foods and supplements designed to help prevent diabetes , obesity , Alzheimer 's and cardiovascular disease .
Part of an emerging field of “ functional foods , ” Nestlé 's nutritional products would most likely be regulated by the Food and Drug Administration 's ( FDA ) Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research ( CBER ) , according to an FDA representative . CBER evaluates foods that make health claims , such as Danone 's Activia yogurt , which contains “ probiotics ” and is marketed as a promoter of good digestion . ( More on Time.com : The ‘ Other ' Salt : 5 Foods Rich in Potassium )
Of course , the FDA and FTC have been cracking down of late on misleading health claims by makers of functional foods and nutraceuticals ( see POM Wonderful ) , so any new anti-Alzheimer 's product from Nestlé is sure to come under increased government scrutiny .
European guidelines are no less stringent , or really any clearer . Danone withdrew and had to resubmit its application to the Food Safety Authority when it tried to add an immunity boost claim about the yogurt , Activel . The company did n't have to complete more research : they simply did n't know how to organize it .
No surprise , Nestlé is prepared . To produce the government-required scientific data , the company is also creating the Nestlé Institute of Health Sciences , which will partner with venerated research university , École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne , in Switzerland , where Nestlé is headquartered .
Still , the explicit health claims Nestlé plans to make — namely , helping to prevent diseases like diabetes or Alzheimer 's — are materially different from somewhat lesser claims about aiding digestion , so it will be interesting to see how the government handles the new products . ( More on Time.com : Why Ca n't Americans Eat Their Fruits and Veggies ? )
For now , food-makers seem to be suffering from a basic level of confusion about what kind of health claims they can make on food packages . Indeed , the laws governing health and disease claims and labeling language on packaged foods are complex . ( In May , an Institute of Medicine report said the FDA should be able to apply “ the same degree of scientific rigor ” to health-related claims on foods and nutritional supplements as it does to drugs and medical devices , according to the Wall Street Journal ‘ s health blog . )
But while the government may regulate your foods and medicines differently , it 's worth remembering that the foods you eat are already affecting your health , regardless of what 's on the label . And , by the way , foods that the strongest scientific evidence suggest as beneficial to health — like fresh-from-the-farm fruits and vegetables — do n't have a label to begin with .
More on Time.com :
6 Genetically Modified Foods That Changed the World
Which School Lunch Bill Is Best ?
It appears it is n't just Toyota and Lexus getting all the bad press . Mazda too has come under fire following the announcement that it will recall more than 90,000 compact cars , mostly in Japan and China .
The recall affects customers of the Mazda3 compact sedan and hatchback , currently the company 's most popular model , and includes those vehicles that were produced from January 2006 to March 2009 .
The issue is in regards to an oil hose being placed too close to a radiator shroud panel , which because of friction when travelling on bumpy roads can cause the hose to leak .
`` The company has received two cases of complaints due to the problem , both in China , '' a company spokesperson revealed to the AFP . `` No accident because of it has been reported . ''
Mazda is yet to confirm if the recall on its Mazda3 will lead to other markets , including the U.S. Stay tuned for an update .
[ AFP ]
A visit by China 's first lady last fall led to an unexpected partnership between two scientists — one in Seattle , one in Beijing — who want to create a new way to help the Asian nation 's 315 million smokers quit .
When China 's first lady , Peng Liyuan , accompanied their husband , President Xi Jinping , on a trip to Seattle last fall , their visit was seen as largely ceremonial , with little expectation of serious impact .
But a short conversation between Peng and a leading scientist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center may one day lead to changes in health and culture in the nation at the center of the global tobacco epidemic .
The September visit launched a new partnership between Jonathan Bricker , a Fred Hutch psychologist , and Dr. Feng Cheng , a professor of global health at Tsinghua University in Beijing , two far-flung scientists who want to curb smoking in the Asian nation , where 315 million people light up regularly — and more than 1 million dice from the habit each year .
The pair is now working to develop Smart Quit China , a mobile app that could make smoking cessation widely available .
“ We really need to work on the individual level , ” said Cheng , who traveled to Seattle last week . “ We need to help the people . ”
Bricker spoke up during Peng 's visit in September , pitching the first lady about their clinically proven smoking-cessation app for U.S. smartphones . Studies show that using SmartQuit is two to three times more effective than trying to quit cold turkey .
A similar app could help 16 millionpeople a year in China quit , they said , speaking to Peng and an audience of dignitaries that included Bill and Melinda Gates , founders of the eponymous foundation . The app uses an innovative method that provides tailored exercises and ongoing support messages to help people notice and accept smoking urges instead of trying to suppress them .
“ I really hope they can find a better way to quit smoking , ” Peng told Bricker and the group .
That short conversation , reported in news stories , drew the attention of Cheng , who has specialized in HIV/AIDS but recently turned their attention to another health threat : smoking .
Cheng reached out to Bricker by email , then Skype , and there was an instant affinity , the two said . In January , Bricker traveled to Beijing . Last week , Cheng came to Seattle .
“ It was love at first sight , ” Cheng joked . “ In a scientific way . ”
The threat smoking poses in China has gained greater attention in recent years . Peng spearheaded efforts that led to last year 's law requiring all indoor public places in Beijing , the nation 's capital , to be smoke-free . That 's a move that affects more than 20 million people .
But such efforts do n't begin to alter personal use in a nation where individual smokers light up about 15 cigarettes , or nearly a pack , each day , Cheng said .
“ Not enough people are talking about it in an urgent way , ” they said .
Smoking is widespread in China , affecting nearly 30 percent of the adult population . In contrast , about 17 percent of adults smoke in the U.S. , or about 40 million people .
“ In China , they smoke while they 're driving , they smoke on mopeds , they smoke standing in line , ” Bricker said .
The habit is sharply skewed by gender , with about 53 percent of men smoking , compared with about 3 percent of women .
“ If you went back in time to the U.S. in the 1930s or the 1940s , after World War II , that 's where we were , ” Bricker said . “ It 's like a time warp . ”
The cachet that smoking had in years past in the U.S. is evident , too . Smoking is seen as sophisticated and upscale in China . Cigarettes are given as gifts and smoking is often key to social interactions , Bricker said .
“ It 's a way to connect with another man , to bond with their buddies , ” they said . “ You light a cigarette . You give a cigarette . ”
Despite recent hikes in cigarette taxes aimed at cutting smoking , cigarettes are still cheap , with costs ranging from less than a dollar to nearly $ 3 a pack , according to Expatistan.com , an online price-tracker . In the U.S. , the average price of a pack is about $ 6 , though it can be as high as $ 10.45 in New York .
The Chinese government controls about 90 percent of tobacco production and sales , generating enough taxes and profit to account for more than 7 percent of the country 's revenue , according to the World Lung Foundation .
Although the health effects of smoking are dire — including lung cancer , obstructive pulmonary disease , stroke and heart failure — they 're not as well-known in China as in the West . Doctors are n't as well-trained in that area , Bricker said . And they do n't often encourage their patients to quit .
As a result , many smokers in China have no desire to give up cigarettes , they added .
“ The attitudes and perceptions that smoking is dangerous are much lower there , ” they said . About 45 percent of smokers in China want to quit . By comparison , Bricker noted , 75 percent of U.S. smokers want to stop .
Those factors combine to create significant obstacles for groups working to reduce smoking .
Cultural research
But such an effort is vital , said Angela Pratt , who leads the World Health Organization 's tobacco-control efforts in China .
“ There is a strong need for cessation support which can be provided at a scale — to very large populations , ” Pratt said in an email . “ Mobile technology and mobile health , such as cessation apps , can potentially play a really important role . ”
Stop-smoking clinics are rare in China and medications such as nicotine patches or other drugs are n't available because of thorny regulatory hurdles and a limited market , Bricker said .
Bricker and Cheng are in the early stages of research now . Last week , they received data on the content of 66 existing stop-smoking apps available for phones in China — and found few people actually use them , or succeed when they do .
Next , they 'll start considering ways to survey Chinese users about what they want in a smoking-cessation app , and how they 'd use it . The answers will likely be very different from those offered by American users , Bricker said .
“ Something that 's scientifically proven would carry more weight ” with Chinese smokers , they noted .
Like the U.S. app , the Chinese version will focus on Bricker 's paradigm , called Acceptance and Commitment Therapy , or ACT , which encourages people to notice and accept the urges to smoke , with the understanding that they will disappear . The app includes eight days of specific exercises to help people become aware of their cravings , then it offers new ways to think about the urges so that people learn to notice the desire to smoke without acting on it . It 's different from other methods that simply encourage ignoring or suppressing cravings .
Such a concept might catch on even more in a culture in which religions such as Buddhism often emphasize the concept of mindfulness , a gentle focus on being aware in the moment .
It could take five to eight years to develop the SmartQuit China app and up to a decade before it 's widely available in China , Bricker said .
They and Cheng are not being paid for their work on the project , relying on their usual incomes and volunteering their services . Finding future funding will be crucial to the project 's success , Bricker said .
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation does n't have funding specifically for smoking-cessation programs now , said Cynthia Lewis , the group 's deputy director of global policy and advocacy , who leads tobacco efforts .
But the Gates Foundation supports the idea of targeting smoking cessation to individuals .
“ We 're thrilled that it 's happening , ” Lewis said .
With education and access spurred by the new partnership , the demand for smoking cessation in China should increase and the numbers of smokers should go down , Bricker and Cheng said .
“ I really believe that we have an opportunity to make an enormous public health impact in China , ” Bricker said . “ If I have an opportunity to contribute to that , that 's amazing . ”
ABS Global , a DeForest company that exports frozen bull semen , is holding a contest for more puns to fill the double-sided “ bull board ” on I-94 near Madison . Credit : ABS Global , Inc
SHARE Click image to enlarge .
By of the
It 's not easy thinking up puns for the ABS `` bullboard '' on I-94 near Madison , so the cattle genetics company is seeking help from the public .
Just keep it clean .
The slogans on the double-sided billboard promote ABS Global , the world leader in bovine genetics and reproductive services and technologies . They have delighted bored motorists for decades with all manner of variations on cows , bulls , genes , udders and semen . Depending on your outlook , they 're clever , corny , hilarious or vexing .
While the company has a stockpile of phrases , it 's looking for new ones .
A contest is underway for anyone to submit via email new ABS `` bullboard '' slogans as long as they 're no more than 46 characters and not too suggestive . Winners get an ABS T-shirt featuring a previous `` bullboard '' slogan and their name listed on the ABS website — plus bragging rights at cocktail parties .
Slogans like `` We keep cows standing in the bred line , '' `` ABS — the semen Marcus of the world '' and `` We deliver the male '' do n't just come out of thin air — they 're thought up by ABS employees who occasionally participate in an in-house contest . Quite a few suggestions come from the public , too .
Coming up with suggestions like `` Our toros deserve bravos , '' `` Trust ABS bulls for heifer and heifer '' and `` We 're ready when your Bessey says yessey '' takes a sense of humor and knowledge of the business of exporting frozen bull semen around the world .
The DeForest company , which was founded in 1941 , installed the sign along I-94 in the mid-'60s , not long before first lady Lady Bird Johnson 's highway beautification campaign removed many billboards . But the ABS `` bullboard '' was grandfathered in and allowed to stay as long as no enhancements are made to the structure .
In the early days , ABS slogans were sent to the state Department of Transportation for approval , but that 's no longer required . Now they 're changed roughly every four to six weeks , usually at the start of the month . Sometimes they 're changed more often , such as during the Christmas holidays or when the Green Bay Packers are in the playoffs .
`` We 'd love to change it more , but because it 's manual , the old-fashioned kind , we ca n't , '' said marketing specialist Jan Francois , who has been in charge of the `` bullboard '' for four years .
And occasionally they 're up longer than normal , like this winter when it was too cold to send employees out to tramp through the snow — a path has to be plowed — to the billboard armed with poles wielding suction cups that do n't work well in low temperatures . So the slogans `` ABS bulls will put a jingle in your bells/Keeping eight maids a milking for over 70 years '' stayed up through Christmas and most of January .
Topics vary from seasons , holidays and sports to hunting and economics .
`` We have people who go by and ca n't figure it out and it will dawn on them a few miles down the road , '' said Vern Meier , tour specialist who has worked for the company for 481/2 years , `` and they 'll call us and say , 'What was on the other side ? ' ''
In the 1970s , ABS Global had a fleet of trucks making deliveries throughout the United States . Often truckers would see the new slogan and pass it along to other drivers .
`` We knew it was a good one if truckers on the West Coast heard it within eight hours , '' said Meier , who gives tours of ABS Global . The No . 1 question on their tours — who does the `` bullboard '' ?
Even when there is n't a contest , Francois gets quite a few phone calls , emails and letters about the `` bullboard , '' ranging from suggestions for new ones to questions asking the meaning of some of the slogans . Recently , callers wanted to know why `` At ABS every day is Wednesday '' was on the board . Francois explained that Wednesday is known as hump day .
Then there was the woman who saw the slogan `` ABS has designer genes , '' so they stopped at the office because they wanted to buy blue jeans .
Meier can only remember one slogan that was taken down early — after military members complained that `` The few , the proud , the frozen '' was demeaning to the Marine slogan of `` the few , the proud , the chosen . ''
Since the contest started this month , with a contest website listed on the `` bullboard , '' Francois has received more than 100 entries , including 42 emails sent last weekend . Most entries include several slogans . And not surprising for a sign on a major interstate that gets tons of traffic , quite a few contestants hail from other states .
Naturally , since the company 's stock in trade is livestock breeding , many of the contest entries are too suggestive to print . In the spreadsheet they use to keep track of possible slogans , Francois has a `` too risqué '' tab .
`` There 's probably a good percentage of them that wo n't be able to leave my computer , '' they said . `` I ca n't even repeat them . ''
How clever are you ?
To enter the ABS `` Bullboard '' contest , visit www.absglobal.com/contest
This product has n't received any reviews yet . Be the first to review this product !
Beautiful coat ! I was very impressed with the quality of leather and the workmanship . My son wanted it for cosplay but it is so well made they Are going to wear it all of the time . I think I want one ! Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Nice One ! Ok service great product Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Thank you I am so proud to receive my Watch Dog Jacket . I love the structure and looks absolutely amazing . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Aiden Pearce The Big Guy I worked extra hard at the gym just to make sure that my watchdogs jacket may look good on me . It did actually as it arrived yesterday and man my arms looks good when I flexed it . Designs are radical too , really satisfied . Will make sure to visit again soon . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Still Perfect Nice fitting jacket , just what I wanted . The color is good ; thank goodness I did n't get ripped out with the color as experienced before on my t-shirts but that 's different story now . It 's the coat I 'm talking about , Fjackets really have done a great job on this . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Really Helped me Nice , comfortable and the quality of this jacket is good . Service was really good , the people of Customer service really helped me when I had problem with the sizing . I could n't understand the size chart till they provided me separately which was more understanding . I discussed with my girlfriend and gave my order accordingly . Really warm , so basically my winter shopping is done . Thankyou so much guys , will come to check more soon . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Phew ! Satisfied The brown leather trench coat looks good and it looks like it the same as in the game , but the problem was sizing . I ordered the medium and it looks like XL . Yup it 's bad for me and became useless till my dad rejects it . It was n't for my dad , I was like saving myself from return it back but I had to and ordered myself the medium . It came little late ( Bearable ) and finally got the medium . So real thanks , now I 'm satisfied . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Going to make It a Winter Jacket Too For a moment when I made my order of this watchdogs coat , I first planned that I 'll wear it for Halloween . But then when it reached to my place I figured that it can work without being in the sense of costume . I mean if you just look at it , the design does not look bad at all , it is not necessary to be a costume . Since winter near too , this can be my plus point to wear during that season . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Best jacket I 've ever owned I 've owned quite a few jackets , but none of them were quite as good as this . It 's perfect for my cosplay , yes I 'm wearing it to comic-con , and it 's just overall a very comfortable , good-quality jacket . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Just According To My Expectations I found the watchdog outerwear cool . I believed it will keep me warm , that 's why I brought it . It 's reasonable , and is comfortable , as well . This can work well , if I wear it for winter , which to me I do n't find it as a costume type . It will not look weird . Yes , it 's a certain if I come across any costume party , then surely I 'll wear this . But most important I was right about keeping me warm . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
Love The Idea I 've never seen a front zipless covering . They added a strap instead , which indicates to be a single closure . By looking at it I started to consider as Good Idea . Strap is better and simple . The price is good too for this piece , which I ca n't believe I actually got the coat of Aiden Pearce . Thanks for the service too . Yes , I recommend this product . Verified Purchase . I recommend this product .
At the moment it is difficult to download custom texture packs or adventure maps into the game . A lot of people do n't have time to read the forums to find the links , or even to grok Dropbox to be able to download them .
It 's even more difficult to create and share them .
I want to start fixing that in 1.20 , so that we may capitalize on the backwards compatibility of the game and start building up a library of user content .
I have a certain plan on how to do it , and most importantly be able to support it long-term . I do n't want to reveal it yet , until I am sure it will work .
My most important goal is to allow all users to download custom content without having to go searching for links outside of the game , or setting up Dropbox accounts .
Sharing the content should be made easier as well , although not necessarily as easy as finding and downloading it : - )
The barbastelle bat may emit two different types of weak echolocation signals alternately , one upward through the nose and one downward through the mouth , to find prey while undetected and to sufficiently keep track of the environment , respectively , according to a study published September 9 , 2015 in the open-access journal PLOS ONE by Anna-Maria Seibert and colleagues from the University of Tübingen , Germany .
Barbastelle bats prey almost exclusively on eared moths , using `` stealth echolocation '' signals that are 10-100 times weaker than those of other aerial hawking bats . These low intensity signals prevent early detection of the bat and can be heard by moths only at short distances leaving no time for evasive behavior . While foraging , barbastelle bats alternate between two different echolocation signal types . The authors of this study investigated whether these signals differ in emission direction or source level . They used a 16-microphone array to determine source level and sonar beam direction of more than 300 calls of wild bats in Central France .
The authors found that both types of search signals had very low source levels as compared to other aerial hawking bats . These two signal types were emitted in different directions ; type 1 signals were directed downward and type 2 signals upward . The mouth and nostrils in barbastelle bats are roughly perpendicular to each other , and the authors posit that type 1 signals are emitted through the mouth while type 2 signals are emitted through the nose .
The authors suspect that the `` stealth '' upward signals may be used for the search and localization of prey while remaining undetected ; however , the low source level may come at the cost of reducing the detection range for the environment below the bat . Therefore , the more downward directed signals may have evolved to compensate for this disadvantage and may be mainly used for spatial orientation in relation to the environment below the bat . The authors suggest that this signaling system has been adapted to the selective foraging of eared moths .
# # #
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available paper : http : //dx . plos . org/ 10 . 1371/ journal . pone . 0135590
Citation : Seibert A-M , Koblitz JC , Denzinger A , Schnitzler H-U ( 2015 ) Bidirectional Echolocation in the Bat Barbastella barbastellus : Different Signals of Low Source Level Are Emitted Upward through the Nose and Downward through the Mouth . PLoS ONE 10 ( 9 ) : e0135590 . doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0135590
Funding : This study was funded by the Werner Reichardt Centre for Integrative Neuroscience ( CIN ) at the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen ( S.51.40001.2 ) . The CIN is an Excellence Cluster funded by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ( DFG ) within the framework of the Excellence Initiative ( EXC 307 ) . This study was also funded by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ( SFB 550 and Schn 138/27-1 ) . Furthermore we acknowledge support by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the Open Access Publishing Fund of the University of Tübingen . The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing Interests : The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
GREEN BAY , Wis. – The Green Bay Packers believe backup quarterback Brett Hundley is ready to win meaningful games if anything happened to Aaron Rodgers .
But what if they had to play with the entire group assembled at this week 's minicamp after coach Mike McCarthy excused 15 veterans ? Could they get through an actual game let alone win one ?
The Packers do n't lack for confidence in Brett Hundley , Aaron Rodgers ' backup in 2016 . AP Photo/Mike Roemer
“ Press conference 101 would tell you to say no right now , ” McCarthy said Wednesday after pondering the question for a few seconds . “ So I 'll stick to the book . ”
Gone this week are Rodgers , Randall Cobb , Jordy Nelson , Jared Cook , James Starks , Bryan Bulaga , T.J. Lang , Josh Sitton , Clay Matthews , Julius Peppers , Letroy Guion , Morgan Burnett , Sam Shields , Mason Crosby and Tim Masthay .
What 's left is essentially a B-team version of the Packers . Here 's a look at how they lined in practice on Tuesday :
Offense
Notes : Hundley has never thrown a pass or even taken a snap in an NFL regular-season game although they led the league in preseason touchdowns passes with seven last summer . Janis and Abbrederis have 13 career regular-season catches combined , although they did combine for 12 catches , 190 yards and two touchdowns in the playoff loss at Arizona last season . Second-year receiver Ty Montgomery likely would play ahead of Abbrederis and perhaps even Janis , but he 's still not practicing following ankle surgery last December . Spriggs also played some at left tackle with fellow rookie Kyle Murphy at right tackle .
Defense
Notes : First-round pick Kenny Clark and fourth-round pick Dean Lowry both were held out of most 11-on-11 drills because it was their first practice since rookie camp last month . The two rookie defensive linemen missed all of OTAs because their schools were still in session . Inside linebacker Sam Barrington still has not been cleared to return from their foot injury from Week 1 of last season . Second-year cornerback Quinten Rollins remained limited because of a hand injury they suffered early in OTAs .
As we celebrate the life and the Resurrection of our Savior Jesus Christ and Their victory over sin and over the grave , we remember Their atoning sacrifice and Their perfect love . As we consider Their suffering beyond compare to cleanse us all from sin and to lift and heal our hearts and minds , we feel a depth of gratitude that inspires our love and devotion . We feel a deeper desire to “ come unto Christ , ” to know Him more completely and to follow Him more perfectly .
The Book of Mormon was written by prophets of God to help us learn how to come unto Christ . The prophet Nephi explained , “ For the fullness of mine intent is that I may persuade men to come unto the God of Abraham , and the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob , and be saved ” ( 1 Nephi 6:4 ) . “ For we labor diligently to write , to persuade our children , and also our brethren , to believe in Christ , and to be reconciled to God ; for we know that it is by grace that we are saved , after all we can do ” ( 2 Nephi 25:23 ) .
As another testament of Jesus Christ , the Book of Mormon is the word of God . It is a sacred invitation to come unto Christ , to feel Their love , to follow Him , to know Him and to receive every good gift , including peace in this life and exaltation in the world to come .
It is little wonder then that our prophet , President Thomas S. Monson , taught and testified of the power of the Book of Mormon and exhorted us all , “ I implore each of us to prayerfully study and ponder the Book of Mormon each day. ” They promised that “ as we do so , we will be in a position to hear the voice of the Spirit , to resist temptation , to overcome doubt and fear , and to receive heaven 's help in our lives. ” It is my sincere hope and prayer that every young woman , their family members and their leaders will respond to this inspired , prophetic exhortation and thereby receive “ a strong testimony of our Savior , Jesus Christ , and of Their gospel , [ which ] will help see us through to safety ” ( “ The Power of the Book of Mormon , ” April 2017 general conference ) .
About 12 years ago President Gordon B. Hinckley extended a similar invitation to read and study the Book of Mormon accompanied by these promises , “ There will come into your lives and into your homes an added measure of the Spirit of the Lord , a strengthened resolution to walk in obedience to Their commandments , and a stronger testimony of the living reality of the Son of God ” ( “ A Testimony Vibrant and True , ” Ensign , August 2005 ) .
One young man shared how responding in obedience blessed their life . They wrote , “ To this day , I have no idea why I accepted President Hinckley 's challenge to read the Book of Mormon . I had absolutely no desire to read it , but I can remember feeling like I should read it. ” They said that they had become disillusioned with the gospel of Jesus Christ because they could see no relevance for it in their dysfunctional family . Their peers who had no use for the Church seemed successful in their activities and satisfied with their lives . But as they kept their commitment , they recognized that by consistently reading the Book of Mormon , they felt empowered to resist the temptations that seemed to relentlessly bombard him . They testified , “ I was strengthened and preserved by the protecting promise of a prophet . ”
They said , “ I finished reading the entire Book of Mormon for the first time in my life on Christmas Eve . I wanted to give my Savior the only real gift that I could possibly give Him , my obedience to Their commandments and willingness to follow Their prophet ” ( Shared with permission ) .
For my friend , this experience set them on a path of righteousness that opened their heart to spiritual experiences which had converting power . They continued to study and to apply the sacred teachings of the Book of Mormon until they were blessed to realize President Hinckley 's final promise : “ There will come into your lives a stronger testimony of the living reality of the Son of God . ”
Like my friend who responded to the prophet of their youth , our young women will realize the prophetic promises in their lives as they faithfully respond to President Monson 's plea . What event could be more important than hearing the voice of the Spirit of the Lord ? What skill or opportunity could take priority over the power to resist temptation and to overcome fear and doubt ? Is there anyone too busy to receive heaven 's help ?
In the sacred pages of the Book of Mormon , we find our Savior . We study that we may know how to come unto Christ , and be sanctified in Him “ by the grace of God , through the shedding of the blood of Christ , which is in the covenant of the Father unto the remission of your sins , that ye become holy , without spot ” ( Moroni 10:33 ) . In heeding the precepts of the Book of Mormon we gain a “ testimony of Jesus Christ and Their gospel which will see us through to safety . ”
The hunt to bag and eliminate at least one of President-elect Donald Trump 's cabinet members is running out of time . But the Democrats hoping to prove they still have some clout on Capitol Hill just got a big assist from the oldest and most effective ally any political combatant can hope for : Scandal . And that 's bad news for a one of Trump 's appointees who just happens to start confirmation hearings Wednesday .
The battle over presidential cabinet appointments is always a partisan battle . But partisan differences are never a good enough reason to publicly nix an appointee . Some kind of illegal act or an investigation into an alleged illegal act is just about the only thing that does the trick . And new allegations against Trump 's HHS Secretary-Designate Tom Price have come just in time for Democrats on the hunt .
Price , who has been a Member of Congress for 12 years , is suddenly under scrutiny . CNN reported that they bought up to $ 15,000 worth of a medical device maker and then introduced a bill that would have protected or at least delayed new regulations that would have harmed the company 's bottom line .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer jumped on the story Tuesday and told reporters that Price `` may have broken the law . '' Price 's office says the investment was made by a fund manager without Price 's specific knowledge , but the question is : Are Price and their nomination really in jeopardy ?
Since these confirmation battles are truly a practice in revenge and `` tit for tat , '' it 's important to note that what Price is accused of here falls about in the middle when it comes to financial magnitude for troubled nominees . President Obama had two cabinet appointees forced to drop out because of questions about or formal investigations into alleged financial issues .
Their HHS Secretary nominee Tom Daschle dropped out of consideration when it turned out they had failed to pay about $ 140,000 in taxes . And President Obama 's original choice for Commerce Secretary , Bill Richardson , stepped away from consideration because of an ongoing federal investigation into contracts the state of New Mexico awarded to a Richardson campaign donors when they were governor of that state . ( That probe was later dropped ) .
Those two examples from the Obama era would seem to put Price in a safer zone at least when total dollar values are concerned , but passing a bill to benefit a new investment is a much bigger deal than the one issue that had derailed the most cabinet appointees over the last 24 years : Illegal nannies and housekeepers . A whopping combined total of five Bill Clinton and George W. Bush nominees for cabinet positions all stepped down because , or partly because they employed undocumented immigrants in their homes . Compared to your garden variety `` nannygate , '' these accusations against Price certainly seem much worse .
And a big part of what makes them worse is the simplicity of it all . Consider that before these allegations about Price 's stock purchase surfaced Monday night , Treasury Secretary-Designate Seth Mnuchin was the likely best bet to be forced to step down . The fact that they ran a bank some called a `` foreclosure machine '' during the aftermath of the mortgage crisis certainly made them easy to paint as a bad guy .
PM Modi says India-Germany partnership will help our nations and also help the world
Highlights The leaders addressed stalled talks on EU-Indian free trade They will meet again at a G20 summit in Hamburg next month PM Modi and Ms Merkel have signed eight deals today
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have signed eight major deals in Berlin today . `` We are looking at outcome-oriented momentum in India-Germany ties and a quantum jump specially in economic ties , '' said PM Modi after their meeting , describing the two countries as `` made for each other . '' Ms Merkel praised India as a reliable partner ; later this week , they meet with Chinese premier Li Keqiang.Ms Merkel has long cultivated strategic relations with India and often stresses that Germany and the European Union must compete with the new emerging economic giants . On Sunday , they said that Germany can no longer completely depend on traditional allies the United States and Britain in the age of President Donald Trump and Brexit.PM Modi and Ms Merkel addressed stalled talks on an EU-Indian free trade and investment deal at a time when New Delhi is uncomfortable with Beijing 's Silk Road trade and infrastructure initiatives across Eurasia.The two leaders - who will meet again at a G20 summit in the German city of Hamburg next month - were also expected to discuss the growing military reach of China across the contested South China Sea and into the Indian Ocean.PM Modi -- before embarking on their tour , which also takes them to Spain , France and Russia -- wrote that `` India and Germany are large democracies , major economies and important players in regional and global affairs '' . `` Our strategic partnership is based on democratic values and commitment to an open , inclusive and rules-based global order , '' they wrote in a Facebook entry , contrasting India with the one-party state China.Having had a dinner Monday at the Schloss Meseberg retreat outside Berlin , PM Modi and Ms Merkel led a joint cabinet meeting grouping foreign , economy , environment and other ministers . The talks are their fourth intergovernmental consultations -- a format Germany has only with a few countries , which include China , Israel and France . Germany is India 's largest trading partner in the EU , and a top source of foreign direct investment . More than 1,600 German companies with over 400,000 employees operate on the subcontinent .
Jean Giraud , aka Moebius , was a comic book artist who combined blinding speed with boundless imagination . They shaped the look of Alien , Empire Strikes Back and The Fifth Element . They reimagined the Silver Surfer for Stan Lee . And they are an acknowledged influence on everyone from Japanese animating great Hayao Miyazaki to sci-fi writer William Gibson .
In 1996 , the Mexican newspaper La Jornada published a lecture given by Moebius called “ Breve manual para historietistas ” – a brief manual for cartoonists – which consists of 18 tips for aspiring artists . If your Spanish is n't up to snuff – mine certainly is n't – then there are a couple translations out there . Someone called Xurxo g Penalta cranked out a direct version in English , but to get the true nuances of Moebius ' wise words , famed illustrator William Stout 's excellent annotated version is best .
For instance , Moebius 's first tip is “ When you draw , you must first cleanse yourself of deep feelings , like hate , happiness , ambition , etc . ”
Stout amplifies this with the following :
Divorcing yourself from such emotionally blinding pre-conceptions allows you to see things with fresh eyes . Solutions and ideas then flow with much greater ease . I have noticed with all the creative geniuses I have met that they all share a childlike delight with whatever or whomever they encounter in life ( they can even find amusement in life 's villains ) . For them , all creative barriers are down ; life and creative problem-solving for them is like constantly playing . They gush great ideas all day long like a fountain .
This was something I learned from drawing and hanging out with another Frenchman , the brilliant cartoonist-illustrator ( and regular Atlantic Monthly contributor ) Guy Billout , when we were traveling together in Antarctica and Patagonia back in 1989 . Until I spent time with Guy , I had no idea how many pre-conceived notions and assumptions I held within me regarding people and situations and what a block they were to the flow of my creativity .
All of Stout 's annotations are like this . It should be required reading for anyone even vaguely interested in visual storytelling . Below are Moebius ' original observations . Stout 's thoughts on Moebius can be found here .
1 ) When you draw , you must first cleanse yourself of deep feelings , like hate , happiness , ambition , etc .
2 ) It 's very important to educate your hand . Make it achieve a level of high obedience so that it will be able to properly and fully express your ideas . But be very careful of trying to obtain too much perfection , as well as too much speed as an artist . Perfection and speed are dangerous — as are their opposites . When you produce drawings that are too quick or too loose , besides making mistakes , you run the risk of creating an entity without soul or spirit .
3 ) Knowledge of perspective is of supreme importance . Its laws provide a good , positive way to manipulate or hypnotize your readers .
4 ) Another thing to embrace with affection is the study of [ the ] human body — it 's anatomy , positions , body types , expressions , construction , and the differences between people .
Drawing a man is very different from drawing a woman . With males , you can be looser and less precise in their depiction ; small imperfections can often add character . Your drawing of a woman , however , must be perfect ; a single ill-placed line can dramatically age them or make them seem annoying or ugly . Then , no one buys your comic !
For the reader to believe your story , your characters must feel as if they have a life and personality of their own .
Their physical gestures should seem to emanate from their character 's strengths , weaknesses and infirmities . The body becomes transformed when it is brought to life ; there is a message in its structure , in the distribution of its fat , in each muscle and in every wrinkle , crease or fold of the face and body . It becomes a study of life .
5 ) When you create a story , you can begin it without knowing everything , but you should make notes as you go along regarding the particulars of the world depicted in your story . Such detail will provide your readers with recognizable characteristics that will pique their interest .
When a character dies in a story , unless the character has had their personal story expressed some way in the drawing of their face , body and attire , the reader will not care ; your reader wo n't have any emotional connection .
Your publisher might say , “ Your story has no value ; there 's only one dead guy — I need twenty or thirty dead guys for this to work. ” But that is not true ; if the reader feels the dead guy or wounded guys or hurt guys or whomever you have in trouble have a real personality resulting from your own deep studies of human nature — with an artist 's capacity for such observation — emotions will surge .
By such studies you will develop and gain attention from others , as well as a compassion and a love for humanity .
This is very important for the development of an artist . If they want to function as a mirror of society and humanity , this mirror of theirs must contain the consciousness of the entire world ; it must be a mirror that sees everything .
6 ) Alejandro Jodorowsky says I do n't like drawing dead horses . Well , it is very difficult .
It 's also very difficult to draw a sleeping body or someone who has been abandoned , because in most comics it 's always action that is being studied . It 's much easier to draw people fighting — that 's why Americans nearly always draw superheroes . It 's much more difficult to draw people that are talking , because that 's a series of very small movements — small , yet with real significance .
Theirs counts for more because of our human need for love or the attention of others . It 's these little things that speak of personality , of life . Most superheroes do n't have any personality ; they all use the same gestures and movements .
7 ) Equally important is the clothing of your characters and the state of the material from which it was made .
These textures create a vision of your characters ' experiences , their lives , and their role in your adventure in a way where much can be said without words . In a dress there are a thousand folds ; you need to choose just two or three — do n't draw them all . Just make sure you choose the two or three good ones .
8 ) The style , stylistic continuity of an artist and its public presentation are full of symbols ; they can be read just like a Tarot deck . I chose my name “ Moebius ” as a joke when I was twenty-two years old — but , in truth , the name came to resonate with meaning . If you arrive wearing a T-shirt of Don Quixote , that tells me who you are . In my case , making a drawing of relative simplicity and subtle indications is important to me .
9 ) When an artist , a real working artist , goes out on the street , they do not see things the same way as “ normal ” people . Their unique vision is crucial to documenting a way of life and the people who live it .
10 ) Another important element is composition . The compositions in our stories should be studied because a page or a painting or a panel is a face that looks at the reader and speaks to him . A page is not just a succession of insignificant panels . There are panels that are full . Some that are empty . Others are vertical . Some horizontal . All are indications of the artist 's intentions . Vertical panels excite the reader . Horizontals calm him . For us in the Western world , motion in a panel that goes from left to right represents action heading toward the future . Moving from right to left directs action toward the past . The directions we indicate represent a dispersion of energy . An object or character placed in the center of a panel focuses and concentrates energy and attention . These are basic reading symbols and forms that evoke in the reader a fascination , a kind of hypnosis . You must be conscious of rhythm and set traps for the reader to fall into so that , when they fall , they get lost , allowing you to manipulate and move them inside your world with greater ease and pleasure . That 's because what you have created is a sense of life . You must study the great painters , especially those who speak with their paintings . Their individual painting schools or genres or time periods should not matter . Their preoccupation with physical as well as emotional composition must be studied so that you learn how their combination of lines works to touch us directly within our hearts .
11 ) The narration must harmonize with the drawings . There must be a visual rhythm created by the placement of your text . The rhythm of your plot should be reflected in your visual cadence and the way you compress or expand time . Like a filmmaker , you must be very careful in how you cast your characters and in how you direct them . Use your characters or “ actors ” like a director , studying and then selecting from all of your characters ' different takes .
12 ) Beware of the devastating influence of North American comic books . The artists in Mexico seem to only study their surface effects : a little bit of anatomy mixed with dynamic compositions , monsters , fights , screaming and teeth . I like some of that stuff too , but there are many other possibilities and expressions that are also worthy of exploration .
13 ) There is a connection between music and drawing . The size of that connection depends upon your personality and what 's going on at that moment . For the last ten years I 've been working in silence ; for me , there is music in the rhythm of my lines . Drawing at times is a search for discoveries . A precise , beautifully executed line is like an orgasm !
14 ) Color is a language that the graphic artist uses to manipulate their reader 's attention as well as to create beauty . There is objective and subjective color . The emotional states of the characters can change or influence the color from one panel to the next , as can place and time of day . Special study and attention must be paid to the language of color .
15 ) At the beginning of an artist 's career , they should principally involve themselves in the creation of very high quality short stories . They have a better chance ( than with long format stories ) of successfully completing them , while maintaining a high standard of quality . It will also be easier to place them in a book or sell them to a publisher .
16 ) There are times when we knowingly head down a path of failure , choosing the wrong theme or subject for our capabilities , or choosing a project that is too large , or an unsuitable technique . If this happens , you must not complain later .
17 ) When new work has been sent to an editor and it receives a rejection , you should always ask for and try to discover the reasons for the rejection . By studying the reasons for our failure , only then can we begin to learn . It is not about struggle with our limitations , with the public or with the publishers . One should treat it with more of an aikido approach . It is the very strength and power of our adversary that is used as the key to their defeat .
18 ) Now it is possible to expose our works to readers in every part of the planet . We must always keep aware of this . To begin with , drawing is a form of personal communication — but this does not mean that the artist should close themselves off inside a bubble . Their communication should be for those aesthetically , philosophically and geographically close to him , as well as for themselves — but also for complete strangers . Drawing is a medium of communication for the great family we have not met , for the public and for the world .
The Chesapeake Bay 's `` dead zone '' this summer is on track to be smaller than usual for the second year in a row , scientists announced Tuesday .
Based on estimates of rainfall-fed runoff the first five months of the year , researchers with the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science and the University of Michigan project that the extent of oxygen-starved water in the Chesapeake is likely to be `` at the low end '' of previously measured `` dead zones . ''
Their forecasts , underwritten by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , call for a mid-summer `` hypoxic '' zone measuring 1.46 cubic miles , whith another 0.26 to 0.38 cubic miles of water containing essentially no oxygen for fish and shellfish to breathe . Last year 's mid-summer low-oxygen zone was roughly the same size .
Fish become stressed when dissolved oxygen levels in water decline to hypoxic levels , and they can suffocate in water devoid of the life-sustaining gas .
`` Dead zones '' are caused by nutrient pollution getting into the water from sewage , farm runoff and even air pollution , causing algae blooms that consume the oxygen in the water when the microscopic plants die and decay . But weather plays a big role , with rain , winds and temperatures affecting the amount of pollution getting into the water and how it affects water quality .
Donald Boesch , president of the UM Center for Environmental Science , said the bay 's smaller dead zone this year is due in part to a dry spring , which washed less pollution than usual into the Chesapeake .
The US Geological Survey estimates 36,600 metric tons of nutrients got into the bay from the Susquehanna and Potomac rivers , the bay 's two largest tributaries . That 's about 30 percent below the average seen since 1990 , the agency reports .
While less rainfall helped reduce runoff , Boesch said they believe the long-running bay cleanup also has had a positive influence on the dead zone . Measurements of pollution , when adjusted for variations in weather , appear to be declining , they noted .
`` It 's nothing to say we 've solved the problem , '' they added . `` There are some encouraging signs , but I 'm sure much more needs to be done to reduce the loads . ''
While the bay 's outlook is rosier , not so for the Gulf of Mexico , which scientists say appears headed in the other direction , with a larger-than-usual fish-stressing expanse of water expected to form that could reach the size of New Jersey .
The Gulf forecast , developed by the University of Michigan , Louisiana State University and the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium , predicts that the dead zone appears likely to be about the 10th largest ever recorded , with a projected range from 7,286 to 8,561 square miles .
Last year , with a drought limiting runoff in the Missisippi River basin , the Gulf 's dead zone was the fourth smallest ever measured . This year , though , with spring flooding across the Midwest , nutrients washing into Gulf tributaries appear to be about 16 percent above the long-term average .
Boesch said that while the Chesapeake cleanup effort appears to be slowing pollution , there is no similar campaign on the Gulf .
Huawei has been gearing up for some important announcements in the next few days . So far we heard rumors of a China event for the announcement of the Honor 7i on August 20 , but we also knew that the company would not let IFA pass its radar either . Today the company has come clear on its next media plans .
Huawei has just sent out press invitations for an event to happen on September 2 at IFA . The company does n't waste time at detailing what to expect either , as the teaser says that we 'll see the new Huawei Mate 7s . Now judging from previous leaks , this device will retain the current design of the Mate 7 , and upgrade its internals with the Kirin 935 processor and backed by the Mali-T628MP4 GPU , in addition to 3GB of RAM . It will also pack a 5.7-inch 1080p display , a 13MP Sony camera sensor , a fingerprint scanner and Android Lollipop with Emotion UI . We even hear that the device will bring some sort of Force Touch technology in tow , though the event should reveal more .
If these rumors are true , than the recent rumors of a possible Huawei 007 might not happen at IFA , or we might just be in for a surprise .
Source : GSMDome
Via : GSM Arena
ORCHARD PARK , NY - AUGUST 28 : Ryan Broyles # 84 of the Detroit Lions is taken down after a reception by Sam Miller # 47 of the Buffalo Bills during the second half of a preseason game at Ralph Wilson Stadium on August 28 , 2014 in Orchard Park , New York . ( Photo by Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images ) ORCHARD PARK , NY - AUGUST 28 : Ryan Broyles # 84 of the Detroit Lions is taken down after a reception by Sam Miller # 47 of the Buffalo Bills during the second half of a preseason game at Ralph Wilson Stadium on August 28 , 2014 in Orchard Park , New York . ( Photo by Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images )
By Ashley Dunkak
CBS DETROIT – Some Detroit Lions fans wonder why the team has used wide receiver Ryan Broyles so sparingly . A second-round pick in 2012 and finally healthy , Broyles has only two catches for 25 yards this season .
Lions head coach Jim Caldwell answered the question Thursday .
“ Probably the simple reason is because of the fact that they do exactly what Golden Tate does , and I hope that kind of gives you an indication , ” Caldwell said . “ It 's hard to pull Golden out of there and say , ‘ Hey , Ryan , you go in there and do what Golden 's been doing . ' Golden has been performing extremely well , so it 's difficult . Ryan , I believe , without question I believe , probably like the fans do , the guy , they can make plays and that kind of thing , but I think the guy whose position which they would end up taking in that particular incident is playing extremely well right now . ”
Tate , whom the Lions acquired this offseason , has snagged 80 catches for 1,136 yards through 12 games . A quarter of the season remains , and Tate has already had the best season of their career in terms of statistics .
Tate 's production helped the Lions continue to thrive even during the extended absence of star wide receiver Calvin Johnson , who was severely limited or out entirely for five games in the season 's first half .
The Lions have a record of 8-4 , and the playoffs look like a given if the team can stay the course . Detroit is expected to notch another win Sunday , when the Lions host the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ( 2-10 ) . Caldwell has said repeatedly , however , that they emphasize daily to players that they can not look ahead .
“ Most of us in our age group have raised families , and often times you have to keep reminding those youngsters sometimes exactly what has to be done until it gets to the point where it 's ingrained , and you ca n't ever think that they have it yet until the point where they demonstrate it over and over and over again . I 'm new here , our staff is new here for the most part , what we 're trying to do here is different , and so it is my job to make certain – it 's like the clarion call that I 've got to continue to reinforce it , continue to talk about it , continue to establish what 's important to us , how we think . We have to establish a way of winning , how we think it 's going to be done .
“ We continue to remind them , ” Caldwell added . “ Now how do we do it ? Several different ways . We do it through examples . We do it through examples of other sports , other teams , examples of things that maybe we 've read . There are a number of different ways , and every week is a little bit different . This week was on focus , and we used a comparison to what Bill Gates ' first meeting with Warren Buffett , and Bill Gates ' mother was the host , and they asked them what would they determine by using one word was the most important part of their success , and both of them identified the exact same word , and that word was focus . ”
If you 're interested in Capcom 's upcoming Monster Hunter Explore , then bad news : the game is being shut down in soft launch . On June 23rd , Capcom posted a notice saying that the game was going to cease IAP purchases on June 30th , with the game being shut down in late July . Our forum readers caught this on the 23rd , but interestingly , I played the game on our Mobcrush channel on the 25th , and no notice was given until I launched the game today and saw the shutdown notice .
I did remark on the stream that I had no clue who the game was actually for – the Monster Hunter games are deep and complex , and Explore seemed to simplify a lot of that down to an extreme degree in the name of simplicity , which kind of left it in this limbo of being a game for nobody in particular . So it 's not surprising this would get shut down . But without Monster Hunter Explore in the way , perhaps it is time for Monster Hunter Freedom Unite to get the iOS 9 ( and 10 at this point ) fix that 's long , long overdue ?
NITI
( National Institution for Transforming India ) will replace the
The Prime Minister will be the chairperson of the panel .
NEW DELHI : AayogPlanning Commission , which was established in 1950.NITI Aayog to have a governing council comprising all chief ministers and lieutenant governors.The decision comes nearly three weeks after Modi held consultations with chief ministers at a meeting where most favoured restructuring of the Socialist-era body but some Congress chief ministers opposed disbanding of the existing set-up.Reports say the decision to rename the Plan panel was taken at Monday 's Cabinet meeting.Prime Minister Narendra Modi has maintained that the Planning Commission has outlived its utility and time has come to replace it with a new body.In their Independence Day address to the nation , PM had announced their govt 's intent to set up a new body.While addressing the Chief Ministers on December 7 , Modi had invoked former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who had said on April 30 last year that the current structure has `` no futuristic vision in the post-reform period '' .However , the govt 's move has faced strong resistance from Congress.Congress leader Manish Tewari , speaking to Times Now , called the move ' a fluff with no substance'.The Trinamool Congress also slammed the government 's move . ( With inputs from PTI )
Lyon ( AFP ) - Marine Le Pen , the leader of France 's far-right National Front , has been ordered to stand trial in October on charges of inciting racial hatred after comparing Muslim street prayers to the Nazi occupation , legal sources said Tuesday .
Le Pen was campaigning to take over leadership of the FN from their father in December 2010 when they made the comparison , complaining that there were `` 10 to 15 '' places in France where Muslims worshipped in the streets outside mosques when they were full .
`` I 'm sorry , but for those who like talking a lot about World War II , if it comes to talking about the occupation , we can talk about it , because that ( Muslims praying on the street ) is the occupation of territory , '' they told a crowd in the southeastern city of Lyon .
`` It is an occupation of part of the territory , suburbs where religious law is applied . Sure , there are no armoured vehicles , no soldiers , but it is an occupation nonetheless and it weighs on residents . ''
After the comments , which provoked outrage in France , Le Pen was investigated for inciting racial hatred but the probe was later closed with no result .
But a complaint by an association led to a judicial enquiry which was opened in January 2012 .
Le Pen was charged in July 2014 after their immunity as a member of the European Parliament was lifted following a vote requested by French authorities .
- ' I 'll be at trial ' -
Le Pen told AFP they intended to attend the trial .
`` Yes , of course . I would n't miss such an occasion , '' they said .
Since taking over their father 's party in 2011 , Le Pen has tried to soften its image and has scored a series of election successes .
However the party remains staunchly anti-EU and anti-immigration and Le Pen has seized upon Europe 's migrant crisis to win votes ahead of regional elections in December .
The FN is already leading opinion polls in several regions .
Le Pen has leaned on traditional party arguments , calling for an end to Europe 's borderless Schengen zone as well as actions seen as enticing migrants to France .
However they also stepped up the rhetoric , comparing the flood of migrants on Europe 's doorstep to the `` barbarian invasions '' of the fourth century .
Speaking to Paris-based foreign journalists on Monday , Le Pen said of migrants : `` We should warm them up , feed them and then send them back where they came from . ''
Despite its growing popularity , the party 's image suffered after a bitter public spat between Marine and their father and the party 's founder Jean-Marie Le Pen which led to them ousting them over a series of controversial comments .
Marine Le Pen decided enough was enough after their father repeated their view that the Nazi gas chambers were merely a `` detail '' of history and also claimed France should establish close relations with Russia to save the `` white world '' .
The FN has also been slapped with charges of fraud as part of an ongoing probe into campaign financing .
Vulkan , the new-generation cross-platform 3D graphics API governed by the people behind OpenGL , the Khronos Group , is gaining in relevance , with Google making it the primary 3D graphics API for Android . AMD said that it 's actively promoting the API . Responding to a question by TechPowerUp in its recent Radeon Technology Group ( RTG ) first anniversary presser , its chief Raja Koduri agreed that the company is actively working with developers to add Vulkan to their productions , and optimize them for Radeon GPUs . This , we believe , could be due to one of many strategic reasons.First , Vulkan works inherently better on AMD Graphics CoreNext GPU architecture because it 's been largely derived from Mantle , a now defunct 3D graphics API by AMD that brings a lot of `` close-to-metal '' API features that make game consoles more performance-efficient , over to the PC ecosystem . The proof of this pudding is the AAA title and 2016 reboot of the iconic first-person shooter `` Doom , '' in which Radeon GPUs get significant performance boosts switching from the default OpenGL renderer to Vulkan . These boosts are n't as pronounced on NVIDIA GPUs.Second , and this could be a long shot , but the growing popularity of Vulkan could give AMD leverage over Microsoft to steer Direct3D development in areas that AMD GPUs are inherently good at - these include asynchronous compute , and tiled-resources ( AMD GPUs benefit due to higher memory bandwidths ) . AMD has been engaging aggressively with game studios working on AAA games that use DirectX 12 , and thus far AMD GPUs have been either gaining or sustaining performance better than NVIDIA GPUs , when switching from DirectX 11 fallbacks to DirectX 12 renderers.AMD has already `` opened '' up much of its GPU IP to game developers through its GPUOpen initiative . Here , developers will find detailed technical resources on how to take advantage of not just AMD-specific GPU IP , but also some industry standards . Vulkan is among the richly differentiated resources AMD is giving away through the initiative.Vulkan still has a long way to go before it becomes the primary API in AAA releases . To most gamers who do n't tinker with advanced graphics settings , `` Doom '' still works on OpenGL . and `` Talos Prinicple , '' works on Direct3D 11 by default , for example . It could be a while before a game runs on Vulkan out of the box , and the way its special interest group Khronos , and more importantly AMD , promote its use , not just during game development , but also long-term support , will have a lot to do with it . A lot will also depend on NVIDIA , which holds about 70 % in PC discrete GPU market share , to support the API . Over-customizing Vulkan would send it the way of OpenGL . Too many vendor-specific extensions to keep up drove game developers to Direct3D in the first place .
Louisiana State Police has identified the suspect in yesterday 's officer-involved shooting in Eunice .
According to an LSP spokesperson , 33-year-old Bryan Britnell of Eunice has been named as the man shot after a domestic dispute and traffic stop early Thursday afternoon .
State Police say they have not yet filed any charges against Britnell . According to Eunice Police Chief Randy Fontenot , however , Britnell has been charged with aggravated domestic abuse/aggravated assault and second-degree kidnapping .
Fontenot said dispatchers received a report of a hostage situation near S. 9th Street and W. Park Avenue around noon Thursday . When officers responded , they saw a vehicle leaving the residence , then were able to stop the vehicle .
At some point during the traffic stop , according to a LSP spokesperson , the driver brandished a pistol , leading officers to open fire .
State Police say the suspect was hit by the shots of at least one officer . The suspect was then transported to local hospital .
No officers were shot or injured during the incident .
In response to the report , two schools — Eunice Elementary and Eunice Junior High — were placed on lockdown .
One other person was a passenger in the vehicle at the time of the stop . They were uninjured and taken from scene .
Fontenot said the shooting investigation has been turned over to the Louisiana State Police .
.
A new report by the Department of Labor showed that jobless claims fell for the third week in a row , which came as a surprise to experts who believed those claims would climb from just under 347,000 to 350,000 . Unemployment has also fallen to 7.7 % in recent weeks , showing a strengthening job market despite uncertainty about the sequester and lawmakers ' intransigence when it comes to the federal budget and national debt . While there was also some shrinkage in the labor force as a whole , that shrinkage was due to retirement as well as people dropping out of the workforce .
If jobs continue to be added at February 's rate , then it 's possible that , by the end of 2013 , the unemployment rate could fall below 7 % . However , according to The New York Times , experts feel that the sequester and the ongoing political gridlock are likely to interfere with this in the coming months . Certainly , it wo n't help .
The Times quoted the chief U.S. economist at IHS Global International , Nigel Gault , as saying , “ They 're doing their best to get in the way . But the good news is that the economy is carrying plenty of momentum going into sequestration. ” They go on to explain that , without the sequester and the expiration of the payroll tax holiday , the economy might have begun to grow by as much as 3 % , instead of the 1.5 % they currently predict .
Last summer , Nobel prize-winning economist Paul Krugman said that we already had the economic policy of the GOP 's dreams . They looked at government spending from federal all the way down to state and even local levels , and noted that such spending has been falling steadily since 2010 , which was when the stimulus package ran out . They ( quite correctly ) pointed out that what our economy looked like at the time bore a remarkable resemblance to the “ Great Mistake ” of 1937 , when the GOP convinced FDR that the government was spending way too much and they needed to cut back . That spending cut threw us right back into the depression we were struggling so hard to get out of .
Other economists also feel that spending cuts hurt economic recovery . Republicans are trumpeting austerity as the answer to our economic woes , and yet , in other countries—such as the U.K.—austerity resulted in a double-dip recession .
A post on the Economic Policy Institute 's website discusses where the blame should actually lie for the sequester and subsequent fallout . The GOP has consistently held the debt ceiling hostage , they 've filibustered a Senate omnibus spending bill into nonexistence , and refused to consider anything that most economists agree would have helped strengthen the economy sooner . A single dollar of spending cuts can inflict more than four times the economic damage of a single dollar of additional revenue .
Contrary to what right-wing pundits and the GOP keep bleating , the President has come towards their side of things , willing to cut spending for certain social programs despite the Democratic Party 's loathing of such cuts , in exchange for closing tax loopholes . Speaker Boehner and others in the GOP will consider no deficit-reduction plan that has additional tax revenue , unless that revenue is specifically to pay for even more tax cuts for the wealthy .
Considering our recent growth in the jobs market , despite a tax increase and uncertainty about the sequester , it 'll be interesting to see what happens in March and April as furloughs go into effect for thousands of federal employees , not to mention effects in other areas will be felt as well . We 'll see soon just how well spending cuts without additional revenue works in a recovering economy .
Rika Christensen is an experienced writer and loves debating politics . Engage with them and see more of their work by following them on Facebook and Twitter , and check out their blog , They Need To Go .
French police are questioning three schoolgirls in a Paris suburb suspected of torturing a younger girl , in a bullying ordeal that lasted months .
The victim 's father told Europe 1 radio the attackers had stubbed out cigarettes on the 12-year-old 's face and arms , dislocated their jaw , slashed them with a knife and urinated on them
The gang in Creteil extorted money from them and tortured them after they had gone to steal from a grocer 's , it is alleged .
Police were alerted after that attack .
The three schoolgirls detained by police are aged 13 to 15 .
'We 've got to leave '
In the radio interview , the girl 's father said : `` It 's very complicated - they kept silent about it , and finally they told us ' I feared causing problems for you ' . ''
After the attack the girl themselves - given the name Sandra in French media - spoke about the bullying ordeal .
The girl 's mother , quoted by the daily Le Parisien , said that on Tuesday they had found their daughter bloody and shaken in the street , and `` discovered what they had subjected them to since December '' .
`` We had noticed that money and jewellery had gone missing at home , '' they said . `` Now we 've got to leave this area ... There 's no way we can continue living in Creteil . ''
The victim attended the Clement Guyard school in Creteil , where a spokesperson for parents said : `` We 're all shocked by this - we were n't aware of any particular problems . This must have gone on outside the school .
Derby County 's promising young striker Charles Vernam has signed a new contract with the club .
Vernam , 20 , has signed a new deal which will run until the end of the 2018/19 campaign .
The frontman has been in fine form for Derby 's Under 23s this season in Premier League 2 and is their leading marksman with seven goals .
Vernam has progressed through the Rams ' Academy system since originally agreeing to join in 2012 , impressing at Under 18 , Under 21 and Under 23 level .
Their fine early-season form was rewarded with a call-up to the first-team squad for last Saturday 's home fixture against Norwich City .
Although they were not named in the matchday squad , they gained valuable experience of being in the first-team environment for a key Sky Bet Championship fixture .
Manager Steve McClaren commented : “ Charles is a talented young footballer and he 's had a really good season so far for the Under 23s .
“ We feel they deserve this new contract for the progress he 's made , but they know that there 's still plenty of hard work ahead as well .
“ There 's a lot of potential there with Charles to work with and they score goals . We 're looking forward to seeing how they develop in the years ahead . ”
Vernam began their scholarship with Derby in the summer of 2013 , joining from Scunthorpe United , before turning professional two years later .
They were a key part of the Under 21 squad that secured promotion from Division 2 last season to the top flight , prior to the Premier League revamping the competition to Under 23 level .
Vernam enjoyed a spell in Icelandic football earlier this year , playing 12 times on loan at ÍB Vestmannaeyja during the summer on a two-month loan deal .
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
During an interview with Chris Jansing of MSNBC on Tuesday , Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D-CA ) slammed the people running Hobby Lobby for having no moral qualms covering Viagra on their insurance plan . Boxer was on Jansing and Co. to discuss the current case before the Supreme Court , Sebelius V. Hobby Lobby .
The arts and crafts store is currently challenging the requirement that the company 's medical insurance cover all forms of birth control . Essentially , the corporate heads state that they have a moral objection to this requirement on religious grounds , and that their corporation should be seen as a religious entity . The court 's decision could have far-reaching implications , especially if it rules in favor of Hobby Lobby . The very definition of a corporation could be changed and it is possible that a loophole could be formed allowing other businesses to claim ‘ religious freedom ' as a way of circumventing the law .
Anyway , Boxer wondered aloud why those who are objecting to women having their birth control covered by their health insurance have no similar objection to the same insurance covering Viagra for men .
“ I have never heard Hobby Lobby or any other corporation , I could be wrong , or any other boss complain that Viagra is covered in many insurance plans , practically all of them , or other kinds of things , you know , for men , which I wo n't go into . ”
Jansing then responded back that those who are objecting are n't doing so due to premarital sex or an aversion to sex in general , but because this ‘ is a life issue . ' Boxer then hammered back at that argument and pointed out the slippery slope that this presents . If corporations like Hobby Lobby are allowed to circumvent the law of the land by stating it infringes on the company 's religious freedom , then what else can a corporation be allowed to get away with ?
“ I have never heard them put any type of moral objection , remember , this is a moral objection , to men getting Viagra , but they have a moral objection to women getting certain types of birth control.What 's their next moral objection , do they then object to vaccinations ? Where do you take it from here ? … There has been a well-documented study by a university that gave women free birth control for several years . Abortions went down by 50 percent , Chris . So if you are for life and want to attack this issue for abortion , this is a place we could work together and reduce the number of abortions . I view this as very much an anti-woman position to take . And it 's important to note that women take birth control , more than half of them , as a medication for other conditions , so it is an attack on women . I think it 's an attack on the religious freedom of the women who work there . Remember , no one is forced to take birth control . It 's an individual right , and this is America , and this is the 21st century , and this is shocking . ”
In a nutshell , Boxer pointed out that not only is this case being used as a way for corporations to get around laws that they do n't like , but it is also a way for men to exert control over women . Sen. Boxer brilliantly interjected the fact that Viagra and other ‘ erectile dysfunction ' drugs are generally covered by employer-provided health insurance plans . Yet , there appears to be no moral objection voiced anywhere about this , despite the fact that the only use for these drugs are so men , usually older , can engage in sexual intercourse .
Obviously Sen. Boxer sees the irony that the majority of those doing the objecting regarding birth control are older men . This also serves as a nice little dig at Rush Limbaugh and their slut-shaming of Sandra Fluke back in 2012 . Limbaugh , as well as other male conservative pundits like Bill O'Reilly , have objected to insurance fully covering contraception because they feel it promotes promiscuity .
Ballots for Emmy nominations have gone out , and the official Emmys website has a list of who is eligible in which category . Here are the categories Chuck is competing in this year .
NOTE : These are NOT the nominations themselves , but the first round of voting which determines the nominations , to be announced July 14 .
Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series
“ Chuck vs . Phase Three ”
Outstanding Direction in a Comedy Series
Paul Marks , “ Chuck vs. the CAT Squad ”
Frederick E.O . Toye , “ Chuck vs. the First Bank of Evil ”
Outstanding Editing for a Comedy Series
Jeff Granzow , “ Chuck vs. the Balcony ”
Matt Barber , “ Chuck vs. the First Fight ”
Outstanding Actor in a Comedy Series
Zachary Levi
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series
Scott Krinsky
Vik Sahay
Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series
Yvonne Strahovski
Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series
Timothy Dalton
Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series
Nicole Richie
Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series ( One Hour )
“ Chuck vs . Phase Three ”
Outstanding Stunt Coordination ( Two-Time Emmy Winner )
“ Chuck vs. the Gobbler ”
Again , these are NOT nominations , but the ballots to decide on the nominations based on the submissions sent in by studios and actors ' reps .
Several times this summer , science journalists in London have leaned over to me and said something along the lines of , “ I was thinking of writing , ” and gone on to describe an article that was going to be critical of someone . “ But then , ” the speaker would gloomily conclude , “ I thought to myself , ‘ Simon Singh , ' and I decided not to . ”
Who is Simon Singh , and why is their name giving people the jitters ?
First things first . Singh is a well-known writer , journalist and television producer . They received a doctorate from Cambridge University for work in experimental particle physics , and he 's the author of several best-selling popular-science books , including “ Fermat 's Last Theorem ” and “ Big Bang. ” Last year , they published their most recent book , “ Trick or Treatment : Alternative Medicine on Trial , ” which they wrote in collaboration with the world 's first professor of complementary medicine , Edzard Ernst . Their book is an accessible and rigorous investigation of the scientific evidence for or against the claims made about various forms of “ alternative medicine , ” from acupuncture to herbal remedies .
That , briefly , is the who of Singh .
Now the why . The reason their name is giving everyone the jitters is that he 's being sued for libel by the British Chiropractic Association ( BCA ) for an article they published in The Guardian newspaper last year . In the article , Singh argued that there is no evidence for some of the claims that the BCA makes about the health benefits of visiting a chiropractor .
They wrote , “ The British Chiropractic Association claims that their members can help treat children with colic , sleeping and feeding problems , frequent ear infections , asthma and prolonged crying , even though there is not a jot of evidence . This organisation is the respectable face of the chiropractic profession and yet it happily promotes bogus treatments . ”
The BCA asked for a retraction and an apology . Singh refused . The Guardian offered the BCA the opportunity to print a clarification and write a response , so they could lay out evidence supporting their claims . The BCA refused . The libel case is the result . ( Note that the case is peculiar in that it has been brought against Singh personally , not against the newspaper that published the article , as is more usual . )
The case at present hinges on the meaning of “ bogus. ” In a preliminary hearing , the judge ruled that bogus means deliberately dishonest , rather than a lack of evidence ; they also ruled that Singh had written a statement of fact , not opinion , something that will make the case much harder to defend . ( The ruling encouraged me to look up “ bogus ” ; according to my dictionary , the word originally meant a machine for making counterfeit money . )
Singh is appealing the ruling ; the next hearing takes place in a few weeks ' time . Meanwhile , the case has become something of a cause célèbre : petitions to reform the libel laws have been sent to parliament , and famous people have pledged their support . And in the pages of one of Britain 's top medical journals , the vice president of the BCA , Richard Brown , and Singh 's coauthor on the book , Edzard Ernst , have jousted over the evidence that chiropractic can help the ailments of infants .
But the Singh case is not the only example of English libel laws entering into a question of scientific evidence . A year ago , for instance , Matthias Rath , a vitamins tycoon who campaigns for the use of vitamin supplements to treat HIV and AIDS in place of conventional drugs like anti-retrovirals , abandoned a libel suit against The Guardian and the writer Ben Goldacre for an article critical of Rath 's activities .
The libel laws of England and Wales are notorious . Libel cases cost little to bring — you can make a no-win-no-fee arrangement with your lawyer — but a lot to defend . According to a recent report , the average cost of defending a libel case in England and Wales is 140 times greater than it is in most of the rest of Europe .
Moreover , English libel law favors the claimant — the person who says they or they have been defamed — in several ways . For one , the range of defenses is more limited than in other jurisdictions . For another , in English libel cases , the burden of proof is effectively on the defendant . In other words , the defamatory statement is presumed to be false unless the defendant can prove it is true .
All this is a problem for journalists generally , not just for those writing about science , and not just for those in Britain . English libel law can have a global reach : there have been several high-profile examples of foreign journalists being sued for libel in the English courts over statements published on foreign websites or by foreign publishers . This has led to worries among some members of parliament that , in the context of libel , “ the UK courts have become an object of ridicule , ” and legislators in the United States have begun pressing their British colleagues for reform .
Arguably , however , English libel laws create particular difficulties for science journalists . Science , after all , is about evaluating evidence . Science journalism , sometimes , requires pointing out when evidence is weak or absent . This is especially important in the context of medicine and health , where misinformation or lack of information can be deadly . For example , if you have HIV , taking vitamins instead of anti-retrovirals can significantly hasten your death .
The problem the libel laws create is not so much that critical stories ca n't be written , but that they wo n't be . As the conversations I had this summer show , for many journalists and their employers the potential for a libel case is a powerful deterrent to criticism : the pieces are n't worth the hassle . Singh has commented that “ if I successfully defend my article , I will have had to have put my career on hold for probably two years , and it will cost me perhaps £25,000 [ about $ 41,500 ] because I am unlikely to recover all my costs . And if I lose my case , then it will cost me roughly £500,000 [ $ 800,000 ] . Fighting and winning is bad enough ; fighting and losing is catastrophic . ”
Most writers wo n't take the risk . And who can blame them ?
Notes :
For the British Chiropractic 's account of what has happened , see the BCA statement from June 17 , 2009 , which can be read here .
Singh 's account of events can be read here and here .
For the meaning of “ bogus ” in the Simon Singh case , go here ; for the text of the ruling , go here .
For evidence that the BCA says supports its claims , see Brown , R. 2009 . “ Chiropractors : clarifying the issues. ” BMJ 339 : b2782 ( it can be read here ) ; for a vigorous rebuttal , see Ernst , E. 2009 . “ Chiropractic for paediatric conditions : substantial evidence ? ” BMJ 339 : b2766 ( it can be read here ) .
For Ben Goldacre being sued for libel by Matthias Rath , go here . For a further account of the Rath story go here .
The study showing the costs of defending libel cases in England and Wales can be read here . For some of the problems with the libel laws in England and Wales , see Harris , E. 2009 . “ Science in court. ” BMJ 338 : b2254 .
For some of the libel cases involving foreigners that have been brought under English law , see this .
For members of parliament worrying that the UK has become an “ object of ridicule ” see Q955 here .
For American legislators applying pressure to parliament , go here .
For Singh 's account of what the case will cost him , see this .
The people I spoke to about their self-censorship did n't want to be quoted . But one Australian journalist describes their frustration at the watering-down of an article he 'd written that was critical of homeopathy .
For this column , I interviewed Simon Singh , who is personally known to me ; I also spoke to Jonathan Haydn-Williams of the London-based law firm Goodman Derrick LLP about English libel law . Many thanks to them both . I attempted to reach someone at the British Chiropractic Association , but no one was available . Many thanks also to Sofia Castello y Tickell , Dan Haydon and Jonathan Swire for insights , comments and suggestions .
They went there .
Sen. Marco Rubio seemingly questioned the size of Donald Trump 's manhood during a rally in Virginia Sunday night , and in the process dealt Americans yet another outrageous moment in an already outlandish presidential campaign cycle .
`` His hands are the size of someone who 's [ five feet five inches ] . And you know what they say about men with small hands ... you ca n't trust 'em ! '' Rubio said during an event at Roanoke College in Salem , Virginia .
Rubio jokes about Trump 's small hands , forces world to imagine terrible things https : //t.co/Q9kIr6ofJE — kenny wassus ( @ kgw ) February 29 , 2016
The faces of the crowd members standing behind Rubio say it all .
After a day of unleashing stinging attacks on Trump — the front-runner in the GOP field — Rubio 's attacks on Trump 's manhood were the most shocking yet .
But during the rally in Virginia , Rubio also went after Trump for their spray tan .
`` The reason they do n't sweat is their pores are clogged from their spray tan , '' Rubio said of Trump , who often attacks Rubio for sweating .
The personal attacks were a step up from the comments Rubio made earlier in the day in Northern Virginia .
During a Sunday afternoon rally in Purcellville , Virginia , Rubio said the time had come to take off the gloves and `` unmask '' Trump for being , what they called , a `` con artist . ''
Trump , on the other hand , has been attacking Rubio for sweating and wearing makeup on the debate stage .
During Trump 's own rally Sunday afternoon in Madison , Alabama , Trump said Rubio has no shot of being the GOP nominee .
`` He ca n't be elected dog-catcher in Florida , '' they said to laughs . `` I call them little Marco . ''
From Buzzfeed :
BuzzFeed News reviewed 26,234 of Trump 's 34,062 tweets , which we received through the Twitter API and developer Brendan Brown , who has archived Trump 's tweets beyond what is accessible via the API ( a stream of data that includes information like tweet text , time , and date ) . We filtered that data down to the 2,687 hyperlinks tweeted by Trump 's personal Twitter account since they announced their candidacy in June 2015 . By programmatically expanding the shortened links in their tweets we were able to group and count them to generate a rudimentary portrait of the news and opinion they publicize and , presumably , consumes .
…
During campaign season Trump shared more Breitbart links to their more than 15 million followers than any other news organization ( in August Breitbart chairperson Steve Bannon joined Trump 's campaign as CEO and will enter the West Wing in January as Trump 's senior White House adviser ) . While Trump also shares links from mainstream sites — their second most shared site during the time period analyzed was the Washington Post — Trump 's preferred content seems to be right-leaning , hyper-partisan sites and opinion blogs including Daily Caller ( 21 links ) , Newsmax ( 18 ) , the Gateway Pundit ( 14 links ) , the Conservative Treehouse ( 11 ) , the Political Insider ( 1 ) , Conservative Tribune ( 1 ) , Infowars ( 1 ) , newsninja2012.com ( 5 ) , and westernjournalism.com ( 1 ) …
This 1958 DAF YA-126 is an unusual military truck designed and built in the Netherlands for the Dutch Royal Army . Better known for their line of CVT-equipped small cars , this truck has a conventional 4-speed manual transmission , itself backing a 4.6 liter gasoline straight six of about 100 HP and 200 lb . ft. of torque . Roughly the same size as a Humvee , the truck 's high-mounted spares roll freely , allowing them to serve as “ helper ” wheels over especially rough ground . Even more interesting is the vehicle 's torsion bar four wheel independent suspension and “ H-drive , ” wherein each wheel has its own differential . Find it here on Craigslist in Rancho Cucamonga , California for $ 9,800 .
One of around 3,500 built , this one looks to be in nice condition , though the seller provides no clues as to how it ended up in the US . The seller says that the windshield folds flat , though there 's no word on provisions for weather protection–likely because there are none . That said , inner doors show fold-up tops with sliding glass .
Here 's a quick peak inside the cab . In back , lengthwise benches on either side of the bed look like they 'd seat another six or so .
Power comes from an American built Hercules JXC industrial crate motor , and the seller says it runs great . Parts availability for these engines seems like it still remains pretty good , though spares for the Dutch stuff might be more difficult to come by .
Here 's a quick look at one of the axles–check out how each one sports its own differential–pretty neat .
We 'd love to see a full diagram , but would settle for a drive too . Best of luck to whoever takes the plunge on this one .
The Kurdish Peshmerga , pictured here during training exercises , joined Iraqi Security Forces in their efforts to recapture the city of Mosul from the Islamic State . The Kurdish government has rejected Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi 's call to stop advancing toward Mosul in the fight against the Islamic State . File photo by Spc . Jessica Hurst/U.S . Army/UPI | License Photo
BAGHDAD , Aug. 19 ( UPI ) -- The Kurdish government is rejecting calls from the Iraqi government for the Peshmerga to stop advancing towards the city of Mosul in the battle against the Islamic State .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi urged the Peshmerga to stop its advancement in the Nineveh province amid accusations the Kurdish forces are attempting to seize land under the pretext of defeating the Islamic State with the goal of later declaring independence .
`` The Peshmerga should stay where they are now , and they should not expand their presence even if they help the Iraqi Army , '' Abadi said Wednesday .
Kurdish government spokesperson Safeen Dizayee quickly rejected Abadi 's call .
`` The Peshmerga will continue their advances and will not retreat from the areas they have recently liberated from the Islamic State in Mosul , '' Dizayee said .
On Thursday , Iraqi parliament speaker Salim al-Jabouri praised the Peshmerga 's efforts against the Islamic State .
`` The Peshmerga participation in the Mosul battle will add a big military weight to other efforts and should be appreciated , '' Jbouri said in a statement .
Iraqi Security Forces launched an offensive to retake the city of Mosul from the Islamic State in March , supported by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes . Mosul is considered one of the most important battles in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq . U.S. President Barack Obama said they expect the city of Mosul to be retaken by the Iraqi government by the end of the year .
Not many cyclists can say they 've been in an accident involving a semi truck and survived .
But a Saanich man 's quick thinking saved their lives after they became trapped under the truck 's trailer and dragged for 450 metres – until someone managed to alert the driver .
Ladislav Cumpelik was biking to work on the shoulder of West Saanich Road when the semi passed them southbound on a hill near Markham Street , just before 7 a.m. Thursday .
“ I noticed they were slowing down as they were getting closer to the bottom of the hill , ” Cumpelik said from their hospital bed at Victoria General Hospital . “ All of a sudden they slow right down and I see brakes , no turn signal whatsoever , and I see them turn a little bit to the left and back to the right , and at that point I know they were making a turn . ”
Because they built up such speed on the hill , Cumpelik could n't stop in time . Their bike skidded out from under him , sending them and the bike right underneath the turning truck .
“ I did n't have enough speed to go right through to the other side , so instead of being caught I grabbed on to their brake line and held on tight , and started screaming , ” they said .
The bike was completely destroyed underneath the trailer 's wheels , and Cumpelik could n't let go for fear of the same thing happening to him .
As the truck began picking up speed , the cyclist positioned themselves so that only their backpack and shoes were skidding against the pavement .
Family shows off the backpack Ladislav Cumpelik wore when they skidded out underneath a semi trailer truck Thursday , Sept. 3 , 2015 . ( CTV Vancouver Island )
“ I knew there were speed humps coming and my main worry was if I was going to hit the speed humps , what 's going to happen to me ? ” said Cumpelik , who was wearing a helmet . “ I wanted to hold on as tight as I could for as long as possible . ”
They were dragged , screaming , for nearly half a kilometre before they began to feel the truck slow down .
To their surprise , another driver had noticed the incident unfold and got the attention of the truck driver , who came to a stop .
Somebody called 911 and ambulance and fire responded within minutes , according to Saanich police .
“ I just stayed there . My head was kind of pinned on the axle , my arm was still wrapped around the brake lines , ” Cumpelik said .
They were taken to hospital with a broken shoulder , cracked ribs and “ a whole lot of road rash , ” but the cyclist said they feel fortunate to be alive .
Police agreed that it could 've been much worse – and that responding officers were shocked when they learned Cumpelik had suffered only relatively minor injuries .
“ This is something that you only see in a movie , ” said Sgt . Ron Stewart . “ I 've been doing this for 25 years and I 've never seen a guy so fortunate to not have severe injuries . ”
They said it 's a good reminder to motorists that bikes can reach the same speed limits as vehicles when traveling down hills .
“ Even though they 're hard to see and they 're smaller , they can still carry the speed . You have to pay attention to cyclists at all time , ” said Stewart .
They added police are still investigating exactly what happened , and that it appeared the driver underestimated the cyclist 's speed .
The truck driver was eventually released from the scene and no charges have been laid .
With a report from CTV Vancouver Island 's Scott Cunningham
We 've a report that Foxconn is going to be using newly installed robots to make Apple 's upcoming iPhone 6 . This is a useful illustration of why Steve Jobs was correct when they said that those jobs are never coming back . To give a bit of context to that statement , Jobs was asked by President Obama about all those manufacturing assembly jobs that Apple had created in China , making the iPods and iPhones . And Obama asked , well , when are those jobs going to come back , as in come back to America ? Jobs ' , quite correct , response was that they just never will .
As far as low value added manufacturing assembly jobs are concerned they 're just never again going to be a significant feature of the US economy . Indeed , if we take Foxconn seriously on this point they 're not going to be a significant feature of anyones ' economy soon enough .
Here 's the actual report :
iPhone maker Foxconn has revealed Apple 's new iPhone 6 could be the first to be made using its 'robot army ' . The firm has pledged to have a million robot workers by the end of the year - and CEO Terry Gou has revealed the robots , dubbed 'Foxbots ' , are in the final stages of testing .
We knew this was coming : Terry Gou has been saying this for some time now .
It says Gou told a shareholder meeting that Apple would be the first company to take advantage of the new robot workers meaning that its next product - the iPhone 6 - will be manufactured in this way .
Now let 's just try running through some numbers to make the economic point plain .
The assembly cost of the current generation of iPhones is in the $ 7 to $ 8 a piece range . We do n't know absolutely of course but that 's the rough estimation from the teardown firms like iFixit . We also know that wages for manufacturing assembly in the US ( please do note this is not all manufacturing , just assembly ) are of the order of $ 14 an hour . Add the usual 50 % of wages to include social security , pensions and health care and we get a cost of around $ 20 an hour . Chinese wages are around $ 3.25 an hour and add something like the usual mark up and rounding gives us $ 5 an hour .
So , think back to Obama 's question : are those jobs going to come back to the US ? Well , if we stick with just this then they could , it 's possible , even if unlikely . Imagine that Apple ( or the shareholders ) demand that they play patriot and bring the work back to the US . OK , unlikely , but at least imaginable . Apple might accept lower profit margins to gain that halo .
What would n't happen is that Apple would charge higher prices as a result of the rise in costs : for we already assume that as a profit maximising firm it 's charging absolutely the most it possibly can for the volume it is trying to sell : that 's what profit maximising means . We could even stretch credulity and insist that patriotic Americans would willingly pay more for US made goods . But it 's very difficult to see why non-Americans , and it is non-Americans who make up the bulk of Apple 's business , would be willing to pay higher prices for things made by Americans in this manner .
So , so far we 've imagined a method or a manner by which production might come back to the US . But now let us add that one more fact we have , about the replacement of those Chinese workers at $ 5 an hour with robots . Clearly , the impetus to do this replacement , of machine for man , will be even stronger if wages are $ 20 an hour .
All of which leaves us with the conclusion that even if Apple 's production came back to the US ( not that it ever has been there for any of its current line of products , although there 's a couple of hundred people making top end Macs I believe in the US ) it is still true that the jobs are never coming back . If in places with cheap labour those jobs are going to machines these days then obviously in places with expensive labour there will be even more machines and even fewer jobs .
Steve Jobs was right : those jobs are never coming back .
This can also be said in a more general sense about the economy as a whole . Manufacturing , at least manufacturing assembly , as a source of mass employment is simply over in the high wage rich world . And it is beginning to end in the low wage world as well . It 's becoming increasingly difficult to justify paying wages to labour instead of carrying just the interest cost for the capital to purchase an ever more productive robot .
Strangely this is an out turn that would have pleased both Adam Smith and Karl Marx . Both noted that the increase in efficiency brought about by the division and specialisation of labour , most especially in the routine performance of the same task again and again , led to the individual worker becoming ever more unhappy . And Marx most specifically looked forward to the day when mechanisation had replaced such boring labour and led to the freeing of the working man from such drudgery .
There is a certain joy , of course , in the observation that it is hyper-capitalist globalisation and the pursuit of ever lower labour costs that is actually bringing about this goal as desired by Marx . Give it a couple more decades and hundreds of millions will be freed from the necessity of working in those dark satanic mills , freed to those more interesting things that only people , not machines , can manage .
Scary shot . A man shot themselves in the hand April 10 while inspecting their gun at their home in the 5600 block of East Melody Way , Castle Rock . They were in bed after dinner inspecting their pistol but forgot to clear the chamber . It went off . Their wife took them to the hospital . No one else was hurt . They were ticketed for discharging a gun in city limits .
Arby 's beef . An employee at the Arby 's restaurant at 742 Genoa Way , Castle Rock , was on break April 20 when another employee who was not working approached them and accused them of being disrespectful . A physical fight ensued in which the employee on the clock was dropped on their face , cutting their lip . The suspect fled . The victim did not press charges .
Truck for the taking . A man called police to their home in the 7200 block of Red Mesa Court , Roxborough Park , March 26 after their truck was stolen from their driveway . They had set the keys in the center console and went inside to make coffee when they heard the ignition . Officers spotted the truck trailing an SUV that records indicated was also stolen . There was a pursuit before officers were ordered to stop .
BB blasted ? On April 20 , the residents of a home in the 4900 block of Stoneham Avenue , Castle Rock , reported an upstairs window had a hole in it that appeared to have been caused by a BB . There was no further evidence . The damage was estimated at $ 250 .
Vehicle trespass . A vehicle was broken into in parking lot of the P.F . Chang 's China Bistro , 8315 Park Meadows Center Drive , Lone Tree , March 26 . There are no suspects .
