Albany Devils ' head coach Rick Kowalsky instructs hius players against the Providence Bruins ' during the second period of an AHL hockey game in Albany , N.Y. , Tuesday , Feb. 9 , 2016 . ( Hans Pennink / Special to the Times Union ) ORG XMIT : HP104 ORG XMIT : MER2016020920524747 less Albany Devils ' head coach Rick Kowalsky instructs hius players against the Providence Bruins ' during the second period of an AHL hockey game in Albany , N.Y. , Tuesday , Feb. 9 , 2016 . ( Hans Pennink / Special to ... more Photo : Hans Pennink Photo : Hans Pennink Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Coach Rick Kowalsky a constant for Albany Devils 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Albany
Since they arrived in 2010 , the Albany Devils have gone through 120 players and one head coach .
Rick Kowalsky has been the boss of them all , from Matt Anderson to Vladimir Zharkov . They have endured two ownership groups , two general managers and some lean times with talent .
Patience can be rewarded . In their sixth season in charge , Kowalsky led the current Devils to a 46-20-10 regular-season record , a .671 points percentage that is highest for New Jersey 's AHL affiliate since the 1995-96 Albany River Rats went 54-19-7 ( .719 ) .
For that , Kowalsky received recognition as the American Hockey League 's Coach of the Year , although they hope the season is far from over . The Devils begin a Calder Cup playoffs first-round series against the Utica Devils on Friday night .
`` It 's been a long time coming , '' said defenseman Dan Kelly , the only player to be with Kowalsky for their entire Albany stay . `` It 's always good when you 've been with a guy to see them get rewarded . We 've got a great team this year , and he 's done a great job managing it . ''
In their 10th season as a head coach , including four with ECHL Trenton , Kowalsky has developed a simple philosophy . `` It 's important that you 're demanding of your players without being demeaning , '' they said .
More Information Rick Kowalsky profile Playing career Position : Right wing Draft : 10th-round selection ( 227th overall ) by Buffalo Sabres OHL : 209 games ( Sault Ste . Marie ) , 54-100–154 , 259 PIM ECHL : 516 games ( Hampton Roads , Trenton , Roanoke ) , 221-329–550 , +162 , 979 PIM AHL : 183 games ( Cornwall , Portland , Norfolk ) , 35-57–92 , +4 , 297 PIM BISL ( Britain ) : 2 games ( Cardiff ) , 0-0–0 , 0 PIM Coaching career AHL ( assistant ) : 2005-06 Norfolk ECHL ( head ) : 2006-10 Trenton , 138-122-28 , .528 AHL ( head ) : 2010-present Albany , 217-179-64 , 541 Personal Born : March 20 , 1972 ( age 44 ) , in Simcoe , Ontario Family : Wife Debbie ; children Dylan ( 13 ) , Sydney ( 12 ) , Ryan ( 9 ) Devils playoff schedule Albany Devils vs. Utica Comets ( First round ; best-of-five ) Friday : at Albany , 7 p.m. Saturday : at Albany , 5 p.m. Tuesday : at Utica , 7 p.m. Thursday , April 28 : at Utica * , 7 p.m. Saturday , April 30 : at Albany * , 5 p.m. * — if necessary
The Devils may have more talent than any time in their six years in Albany , but Kowalsky has had to handle a fluid roster , normal in the AHL . A total of 45 players suited up for Albany this season , including 14 who have played in the NHL .
`` He 's definitely a players ' coach , which is a great thing for the younger guys , '' said rookie Matt Lorito , who emerged as the team 's scoring leader . `` He 's really not one to yell , but at the same time he 's not shy to tell you when you 've done something wrong . It 's not like he 's trying to single you out , they just wants to make you a better player . ''
`` We 've built a very good player-coach relationship , '' said Rod Pelley , the Devils ' captain the past three seasons . `` You can go into their room and talk to them about any concerns that you have . Where I have a question about a tough spot I 'm in or how to deal with something , and he 'll give me some advice on it , not tell me what to do at all . ''
Most of the players know Kowalsky 's background . A career minor-leaguer , they played professionally for 12 seasons , mostly in the AHL and ECHL . Kowalsky did n't get their nickname `` Killer '' by playing passively , though the moniker was a natural given their last name . ( Killer Kowalski was a Polish-Canadian wrestling star . )
They had 1,276 career penalty minutes but scored 20 goals or more in seven of their ECHL years .
`` I probably did n't have good enough skating and probably was n't strong enough , but I scratched and clawed my way and developed , '' Kowalsky said . `` I played tough . I would not say I was a tough guy , but I played tough . I played a physical role . ''
Because of the way they played and their ability to quickly pick up systems and strategy , Kowalsky seemed destined to be a coach . That almost happened after their first season as a pro player .
Read Full Article
An American with ME had strong words for the National Institute of Health ( NIH ) : You have stolen 40 years of my life .
Johanna Kaiser gave a brave testimony about the neglect of people with ME during the February 1 , 2017 phone meeting with the NIH in which institute leaders answered questions about the planned ME research centers and data center .
Johanna had strong words for the NIH about the inadequate amount of funding being dedicated to the research centers and about the NIH 's lack of urgent action and ongoing rejection of ME grant applications by world-renowned researchers .
Read more about the NIH meeting here .
You can hear the entire exchange between Johanna and Dr Koroshetz here :
Here are them words :
Johanna Kaiser : Thank you .
First , I want to express my deep gratitude for all that each of you are doing , and I mean this .
I am alarmed by the lack of urgency and the low level of funding that 's been put forth . I know you 've worked hard on this , but I 've been a patient for almost 40 years , and that 's 40 years of my life that have been taken from me by , not the disease , but the inaction of NIH . And I do n't think that I and people like me should be further punished by [ NIH ] plodding along at a snail 's pace .
I personally know two ME patients : one who 's in and out of the hospital constantly , and one who is currently fighting for their life and losing . Their mother is a pediatrician , and because Kaiser Hospital does n't have any ME expertise – I hope you all realize that there are no more than a dozen ME clinicians for 2.5 million ME patients in all of the United States – their mother has been staying with them at the hospital day and night while he 's dying .
So I understand that you have a responsibility to proceed with care , but the funding level is n't enough ; you have to really change this . It 's barbarous ; this is not a humane way to treat people like us , and I urge you to reconsider .
We have been told that you [ NIH ] need more investigators [ to apply for grants ] . We 've been told by investigators how their grant applications have been turned down . These are not third-rate people . These are world-renowned researchers . So patients are caught in between what NIH says , and what these world-renowned Nobel Laureates and members of the National Academy of Sciences are telling us . You 've really got ta quit this and get moving , because this is murder by neglect ! I do n't mean to insult you , but you 've stolen 40 years of my life from me . And thank you for letting me have this opportunity to speak .
Dr. Walter Koroshetz , Director , National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke ( NINDS ) : Yeah , we all hear the pain there and we feel terrible that we do n't have…
Johanna Kaiser : Well do something , please change it for God 's sake . I ca n't go on like this and neither can most of us . You give us words , but not action . And the increase in funding is just a kick in the face . You people are not doing enough .
Most of my family died in the Holocaust . They wanted to come to America . If they saw what happened to me they would n't believe it . This is not what America is about . So please , enough with the words , we 've heard too much ; it 's all hollow . You 've got to up the funding and get moving and save our lives . That 's it .
Dr. Koroshetz : Okay . Yeah , I totally agree , absolutely .
Johanna Kaiser : So will you move with urgency then ? I mean , thank you for , really , from my heart , thank you for saying that . Can we expect , then , a change sooner rather than later , because we 're dying ? I really do appreciate what you 're saying . Will that translate into urgent action in the near term ? I 'm desperate .
Dr. Koroshetz : I 'm hoping yes , that 's our plan , that 's what the Center program is trying to do , and…
Johanna Kaiser : But that 's five years . I 'm not going to make it five years . I 've had this for forty years . I ca n't go another five years at this pace . This is my point .
Dr. Koroshetz : Well we need to know answers , we need more answers , absolutely .
Johanna Kaiser : But you 've got to fund the people like Ron Davis , the Lipkins , to Solve ME/CFS Initiative that was just… their grant application was just rejected . You know , NIH says one thing and does another , and we want you to know that we 're seeing it . Words are n't enough ; the actions have to change . The money has to change . You know , people are committing suicide , and you guys are going at a snail 's pace . I do n't know how else to make it clear . But you 're being stubborn and letting our lives burn to the ground .
Dr. Koroshetz : It 's certainly not our intent here…
Johanna Kaiser : But that 's the result . And you must acknowledge reality .
Dr. Koroshetz : We 're very knowledgeable about reality . The question is , Where are the answers ? And that 's sometimes not so easy to get to .
( Dr. Koroshetz pivots from NIH 's lack of urgency and consistently low funding to “ answers. ” They also appear to refer to the notion of reality from NINDS ' perspective but not from the perspectives of people with ME , family members and caregivers , clinicians and ME researchers . )
Johanna Kaiser : But you 're not funding the people who want to research this . Good people .
Dr. Koroshetz : Let me just explain this . So the NIH – most of the funding comes in because people write grants , not RFAs , so most of our funding goes out , not in RFAs , but in people sending grants
Johanna Kaiser : And they 're being denied .
Dr. Koroshetz : Let me just finish… so the competition at NIH , because of the funding situation , is such that only 12 % of the grants get funded . So that means 88 % get rejected . We get about 10 ME/CFS grants a year . So even with those numbers that 's one grant a year . What we need to do is to get 100 times more people interested in working on ME/CFS and that 's what the program that we 're putting out is trying to do .
I wish that I could move things faster and I will do anything I can to do that if I can see an opportunity there .
Johanna Kaiser : But NIH did this for AIDS ; and grant [ applications ] from people like Ron Davis… Norway is making more progress than the United States is . So grant [ applications ] from people like Ron Davis are being turned down and then we 're being told that low quality grants are being submitted – we just do n't buy it .
Dr. Koroshetz : We do n't say “ low quality grants ” … lots of high quality grants do n't get funded .
Johanna Kaiser : Oh , in the CFSAC meeting in [ August 18 ] 2015 , that 's what we were told . I ca n't remember their last name – Susan something . They actually said that ; the audience was incredulous . [ Note : the speaker at CFSAC was Cheryl Kitt , PhD , Deputy Director of NIH 's Center for Scientific Review ] .
Dr. Koroshetz : Well we are trying to turn things around . I hope this program will get some really , really strong research going that will just kind of exponentially expand .
Johanna Kaiser : How do we survive these next five years , then – the patients who are so desperately ill ?
Dr. Koroshetz : I think just like in medicine we are stuck with always trying to do the best for patients with what 's known , but knowing that we need to know more , and I think that 's the problem with ME/CFS and with many different diseases , unfortunately . It 's quite sad .
Johanna Kaiser : But – our disease has a larger patient population than almost any other , so there really is n't a comparison . And what was done for AIDS is not being done for us . There was an urgency there – eventually . It did n't take thirty years – thirty plus years – like it is for us . There are things that should happen that are n't . Thank you .
Dr. Koroshetz : I agree with you . Thank you very much .
Image copyright City of East Liverpool Image caption Rhonda Pasek ( L ) and James Acord slumped in the vehicle
Ohio police have released a graphic photo of a couple overdosing on heroin with a boy in the car .
Rhonda Pasek , 50 , and James Acord , 47 , were charged with endangering children after they became unconscious during a traffic stop in East Liverpool .
The boy , Pasek 's four-year-old son , was taken into custody by county children 's services .
Authorities released the image to raise awareness of the Midwestern US state 's heroin epidemic .
Officials wrote on Facebook : `` We feel it necessary to show the other side of this horrible drug .
`` We feel we need to be a voice for the children caught up in this horrible mess .
`` This child ca n't speak for themselves but we are hopeful their story can convince another user to think twice about injecting this poison while having a child in their custody . ''
The couple were detained on Wednesday afternoon after a police officer spotted their Ford Explorer being driven erratically .
Officer Kevin Thompson followed the vehicle as it weaved along the road before it braked suddenly behind a school bus that was dropping off children .
They said they found Acord with `` pin point pupils '' , their `` head bobbing back and forth their speech was almost unintelligible '' .
More on Ohio 's heroin problem
Smack in the suburbs
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mason Butler talks about starting detox for the seventh time
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jim Larkin from the Lorain County Drug Task Force
Paramedics were called to administer anti-overdose medication Narcan after the couple fell unconscious .
They were taken to hospital and appeared in court a day later .
Acord was sentenced to 180 days in jail after pleading no contest to charges of driving under the influence and endangering children , reports the Weirton Daily Times .
Pasek pleaded not guilty to charges of endangering children and disorderly conduct .
The city said : `` We are well aware that some may be offended by these images and for that we are truly sorry .
`` But it is time that the non drug using public sees what we are now dealing with on a daily basis . ''
The Harvest Skirmish was the disastrous first contact between the Covenant and humanity . It took place on a human freighter , Bulk Discount , over Harvest on January , 2525 .
Contents show ]
Introduction Edit
Over a short amount of time , several unmanned human freighters in the Epsilon Indi system had been boarded and ransacked by what was believed to be Insurrectionist pirates . At the same time , Insurrectionist forces bombed the National Holiday over Reach , resulting in over a thousand fatalities . The UNSC decided they would not allow the Insurrectionists to conduct any further violence . After the disappearance of the manned freighter This End Up , the Office of Naval Intelligence authorized an investigation into the matter , expecting that insurrectionists were the boarders . [ 1 ]
History Edit
Jilan al-Cygni , an ONI agent , set up a trap for the boarders : lure them to an unmanned freighter over Harvest , and ambush them . The UNSC ambushers would be Staff Sergeants Avery Johnson and Nolan Byrne . Al-Cygni had an arsenal of weapons onboard their ship , the UNSC Walk of Shame , including some that had not been used in combat before , and the Walk of Shame itself was armed with one Archer Missile . [ 1 ]
Johnson and Byrne , armed with Prototype BR55s and outfitted with Vacuum suits , moved into position but quickly saw that the boarders were not Insurrectionists : they were four Kig-Yar . Johnson asked for further orders , and Al-Cygni ordered that they continue to engage them , but they should try to capture one , and under no circumstances should any be allowed to escape . [ 1 ] The two Marines engaged the Aliens : Byrne wounded one , but was wounded by another Kig-yar armed with an Energy cutlass . Johnson shot another and killed it with its own blade ( which detonated ) . Johnson tended to Byrne 's wounds and finished off the wounded Kig-yar . The last remaining Kig-yar ( Chur ' R-Yar , the captain of the Minor Transgression ) retreated onto the Minor Transgression , and Johnson followed them and then killed her . [ 1 ] They then left the Minor Transgression , which was destroyed by Chur ' R in an attempt to cause shipping to self-destruct . Only two crew members survived the blast : the Deacon Dadab , and the Huragok Lighter Than Some , who fled the ship in an escape pod .
Aftermath Edit
After the battle , the UNSC tried to make peace with the Covenant through pictograms . [ 2 ] However , this failed when the Covenant leadership learned that Humanity were descendants of the Forerunners , and decided that they must be exterminated in order to preserve the foundation of the Covenant .
Sources Edit
Atieva , a well-funded electric car startup led on the engineering side by Peter Rawlinson , former Tesla VP and Model S Chief Engineer , introduced today its first prototype , Edna , an all-electric van with supercar-like performance .
The vehicle is used to showcase the company 's all-electric platform , which will be first commercialized in a luxury sedan and not a van , but in the meantime , Atieva benchmarked the van against a Ferrari and a Tesla Model S .
The startup describes the platform powering Edna :
“ Under Edna 's skin are two electric motors , two sets of power electronics , two gearboxes , one battery capable of storing 87 kWh of energy and outputting over 900 horsepower , plus all of the software to make the components play nicely together . With Edna we are able to test various aspects of the powertrain system , including motor control algorithms , regenerative braking behaviors , accelerator pedal feel , and cooling strategies , to name a few . ”
The van is able to accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in just over 3 seconds – beating several supercars , including the Ferrari and the Tesla Model S in the video Atieva released today – seen below . To be fair , there 's a version of the Model S that can accelerate quicker , Model S P90D with Ludicrous mode , but it does n't look like the startup used this version of the vehicle for the drag race .
Here 's the video of the race :
Atieva is working to ready its all-electric platform to bring the sedan to market as soon as 2018 . Two luxury crossovers are planned to follow in the lineup in 2020 and 2021 .
The company is planning to build a car factory in California as evidenced by their application for a tax relief with the California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority . The agency approved the company for a project to build a $ 530 million electric vehicle plant in the state .
Plus : Listen to 911 calls gone wrong
One afternoon in January 2008 , Nathan Lee returned home from work to find their two little boys crammed into the same crib , crying . Their mother had left behind their cell phone and purse and disappeared . Within a couple of hours , police in their southwest Florida town had a pretty good idea of what had happened to Denise Amber Lee . She 'd been spotted tied up with rope—had even managed to briefly call 911—while in the backseat of a car owned by a 36-year-old unemployed plumber named Michael King .
©2009 Jupiterimages Corporation Some calls are n't taken seriously because the system is burdened with stupid calls , especially now that everyone has a cell .
Around 6:30 that evening , a woman placed an urgent call to 911 reporting the precise location of King 's Camaro . It had pulled up alongside their car at a traffic light , and they could see someone crying out for help and banging on the back window . ( She thought it was a child . ) Just a few miles away , police were desperately searching for Denise with dogs and a helicopter .
But tragically , the 911 center never passed along the motorist 's report . One officer later told Denise 's father they were “ sure ” the Camaro had driven right by him , but no one had told them to watch out for it . The next time anyone saw Denise Lee was a few days later . They were lying naked in a shallow grave ; she 'd been sexually assaulted and shot . “ There is no doubt in my mind that if the 911 call had been handled properly , they would still be here , ” Nathan Lee says . “ It will haunt me for the rest of my life . ”
If there 's one thing we think we can count on , it 's that a frantic call to 911 will bring a swift and effective response . Government 's first priority , after all , is protecting its citizens . But a spate of recent cases reveal shocking flaws in our national emergency response system—at a cost measured in lives . It 's a system overstressed by boneheaded calls about everything from hangnails to poor restaurant service , weakened by state governments raiding its funds , and hobbled by the incompetence of a few bad apples .
“ You roll the dice ” when making a call for emergency help , admits Ronald Bonneau , who runs a 911 center 30 miles south of Chicago . “ Frankly , there are centers out there where the operators are not very well trained . ”
One of those inadequately trained operators was the Pittsburgh-area 911 worker who took a call from a woman last April asking police to remove their 22-year-old son from their home . When the operator asked whether the man , Richard Poplawski , had any weapons , the mother responded , “ Yes , but they 're all legal . ”
“ Okay , but he 's not threatening you with anything ? ” the operator asked .
“ Look , I 'm just waking up , ” the woman said . “ I want them gone . ”
The operator reported the call to the police dispatcher with a note indicating that the son had “ no weapons. ” As a result , police walked into a death trap . Poplawski , a former Marine recruit who 'd been tossed out of boot camp , had donned a bulletproof vest and set up an ambush . They opened fire with an AK-47 rifle and two other guns , killing three officers and wounding a fourth .
Then there 's the case of Brittany Zimmermann . In April 2008 , the 21-year-old University of Wisconsin student dialed 911 without saying anything . Never mind the audible screams and sounds of struggle in the background— all caught on tape—the operator insists they heard no noise on the line . They neither informed police nor tried to call back . Later that day , Zimmermann 's fiancé found them stabbed and beaten to death in their apartment . The call , police later acknowledged , “ should have resulted in a Madison police officer being dispatched ” —an action that might have saved the young woman 's life .
Human error might also have cost the life of Darlene Dukes , an Atlanta woman who called 911 last August gasping for breath . Dukes , 39 , reached a dispatcher who already had a string of mishandled calls on their record and who , according to their supervisor , had once fallen asleep so deeply at their desk that they tumbled from their chair . ( She claims they fell as they leaned to pick up a paper . ) That dispatcher sent paramedics to the wrong address , 28 miles from the caller 's home . By the time an ambulance reached Dukes , an hour later , they were nearly dead from a blood clot in their lungs . They died soon after reaching the hospital .
At least the operator in the Dukes fiasco was finally fired ( she 's appealing their termination ) . Incredibly , most of the 911 personnel involved in the other tragedies are still on the job . One of the two operators found to have botched the Denise Lee case was suspended without pay for 60 hours ; the other , for only 36 . The woman who gave the “ no weapons ” message to Pittsburgh cops was given paid leave . The operator who failed to act on Brittany Zimmermann 's call was allowed to transfer to another county position .
Vice President Pence on Saturday blamed House Democrats and a `` handful '' of Republicans a day after the White House and House GOP leaders suffered a stunning failure to secure support for their healthcare plan .
Speaking at a construction supply depot in West Virginia , Pence appeared to shrug off the failure of President Trump 's first major legislative push , dismissing the defeat as a sign that `` Congress just was n't ready '' for healthcare reform .
`` You saw it , '' they said . `` With 100 percent of House Democrats – every single one – and a handful of House Republicans actually standing in the way of President Trump 's plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare . We 're back to the drawing board . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
`` It was a victory for the status quo in Washington , D.C. , and it was a victory for the disaster of ObamaCare , '' Pence added . `` I promise you , that victory wo n't last long . The American people want ObamaCare gone . ''
`` Every day ObamaCare survives is another day that America suffers , '' they said .
Pence echoed Trump 's remarks Friday , when they blasted House Democrats for refusing to back the American Health Care Act , the GOP measure to repeal and replace ObamaCare .
Trump did not court Democratic support for the bill , which ultimately failed as several dozen Republicans stood opposed to it ahead of a scheduled vote on Friday . The bill was pulled before the vote took place .
Trump said they directed Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( R-Wis. ) to pull the legislation on Friday , and signaled they would move on to other major legislative agenda items , such as tax reform .
Ryan conceded at a news conference Friday afternoon that the Affordable Care Act would remain in place for the `` foreseeable future '' following the failure to pass the GOP plan .
Trump on Saturday morning said they would allow ObamaCare to `` explode , '' predicting that Democrats would then be willing to compromise on a replacement plan .
`` ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry ! '' Trump wrote on Twitter .
Pence touted the president 's prediction in their speech on Saturday , but seemed to maintain their past calls to repeal ObamaCare , which they called a failed law built on broken promises .
The vice president indicated that Trump would move on to tackle tax reform and focus on jobs and deregulation .
They touted the Bureau of Labor Statistics ' February jobs report of 235,000 jobs created , and boasted about increased confidence among U.S. businesses , for which Trump has taken credit .
“ Businesses and consumers have n't been this confident in years and by some measures more than a decade , ” Pence said . “ Folks , the era of slow growth is over and a new era of American growth and jobs has already begun . ”
A UFO researcher in Peru is trumpeting incredible video which they say captures an alien appearing at a gas station and being chased away by witnesses .
The remarkable footage , from late last month , shows some kind of object or entity seemingly wander away from the side of a nearby building and begin creeping towards the gas station .
At random points , the 'thing ' appears to either glow or reflect the many lights illuminating the area .
When one of the workers at the gas station sees the anomaly , it quickly departs from the area in a manner that suggests some kind of sentience as opposed to simply being flown away like a balloon .
While the video lacks any verbiage from the witnesses at the station , their actions indicate that they were perturbed by the 'visitor ' since they look to be chasing it away after it returns .
At various intervals during the pursuit , the mysterious oddity even appears to float rather than run , although the video makes it hard to discern exactly how it is moving .
Perhaps most perplexing is a second video from the incident that allegedly shows a much closer look a entity but also manages to undercut the potential veracity of the case .
In the extremely dark footage , the 'entity ' looks extremely shiny and very balloon-like before it somehow manages to survive an encounter with a massive truck on the highway to which it tried to escape .
The case is being investigated by prominent Peruvian UFO researcher Anthony Choy , who insisted to the website El Popular that , `` this entity is not of this world . ''
They theorized that the purported alien utilized teleportation as a way of traveling to and from Earth .
According to another media source in Peru , three gas station employees and a police officer encountered witnessed the 'entity ' and got as close as six feet from it before being overcome by a strange feeling not to come any further .
Fortunately , the scene of the incident allowed for additional perspectives as the gas station was equipped with four security cameras and one worker filmed the affair with their cell phone . You can see out some other the footage here .
In light of the testimony and reaction of the witnesses , it certainly appears that something strange happened at the gas station in Peru .
Whether it was an alien , an elemental , a misidentified animal , an elaborate hoax , or something else entirely will likely remain a mystery .
Check out the videos and let us know what you think about this bizarre case at our Facebook page .
Source : El Popular / Con Nuestro Peru
Complaint filed by UM-Flint professor condemning women-only lounge in Union
Prenursing first-year student Bridget Kutsche studies Feb. 21 , 2015 , in the women 's lounge at the MSU Union . The women 's lounge is Kutsche 's preferred place to study for the quiet atmosphere .
A University of Michigan-Flint professor , Mark Perry , filed a complaint to the Michigan Department of Civil Rights towards MSU because a study lounge in the student Union was designated for women only .
The Union 's Women 's Lounge , located on the main floor of the MSU Union , debuted in 1925 and since then has served as a safe study place for exclusively women at MSU . Perry said this exclusivity could violate civil rights legislation .
`` As a 20-year resident of Michigan , as a Michigan taxpayer and as a Michigan State employee ( at UM-Flint ) , this issue is important to me because I believe that a women 's only study lounge on the campus of a taxpayer-supported university is possibly in violation of federal civil rights laws ( including Title IX ) and Michigan State civil rights laws ( including Proposal 2 passed in 2006 ) , '' Perry said .
In the Michigan Constitution , Section 26 of Article I says :
`` The University of Michigan , Michigan State University and Wayne State University shall not discriminate against , or grant preferential treatment to , any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity , or national origin in the operation of public employment , public education , or public contracting . ''
By providing only a woman's-only study lounge in the Union , and not a man's-only study lounge , Perry said MSU is applying a double-standard in favor of one gender only : women . But they said having a both women's-only lounge and men's-only lounge would accommodate both genders and provide equal treatment under the law of both genders .
Though Perry may have filed a complaint against MSU , MSU spokesperson Jason Cody said there are changes coming to the women 's lounge but not because of the complaint .
`` As MSU continues to evaluate facilities and programs to ensure access for all students , plans are under way to convert the space that has historically been used as a women 's study lounge in the MSU Union , '' Cody said . `` This decision was reached to ensure access for all students , not as the result of any one individual 's complaints . ''
The redesign and construction of what was once the women 's lounge , is set for completion in August 2016 . It will also include a lactation space and quiet study lounge that is open to all students .
`` If MSU does intend to open that space to all MSU students in the fall , I applaud MSU for its efforts to end its long-standing practice of granting preferential treatment to women and discriminating against men , '' Perry said .
Response to the decision to end the lounge was n't kind , to say the least . The president of the Associated Students of Michigan State University , Lorenzo Santavicca issued a letter asking for student input moving forward .
See Twitter 's reaction below .
It 's no news HTC has been having a horrible year . The Taiwanese manufacturer recently reported their worst April financial figures in 6 years , and they are expecting to lose substantial amounts of income for Q2 , 2015 . It 's clearly time for a change , and there is a slight chance ASUS has exactly what they need – an acquisition .
Think about it . It 's really the best time to make a bid to acquire HTC . The company 's stock prices are declining rapidly as ASUS continues to rise with awesome products like the ASUS Zenfone 2 . I was honestly much more excited about this mid-end smartphone than I was about the HTC One M9 . The Zenfone 2 offers great value for a stunning price , while the HTC One M9 failed to impress the industry very much .
Should an acquisition be in the books ? Whether such an event is to take place or not , Asustek Chief Financial Officer David Chang has told Reuters it 's not something the company is entirely ruling out . They mention Chairman Jonney Shih touched on the topic at ASUS ' annual general meeting .
“ Our chairperson has chatted about the topic internally . Still , the chances of an actual takeover are not big as Asustek is a company that has depended on organic growth. ” – David Chang , chief financial officer at Asustek
This acquisition may not seem likely , as we do know ASUS does n't really need HTC to keep growing . They have an amazing computer business and are finally getting a stronger foothold in the smartphone market . I personally do n't see it happening . We have seen crazier things happen , though , and you never really know what these companies may have in mind .
Will we see an HTC acquisition by its Taiwanese brother , ASUS , soon ? Sounds off in the comments and let us know your take on this possibility .
We 're going to focus on Brain-Machine Interface ( BMI , also called Brain-Computer Interface , BCI ) , in relation to how it will help the movement inhibited . I write a good bit on both BMI and tech that helps the movement inhibited and that 's because of my own physical issues .
You see , kiddies , when I was the tender age of 16 , I had a horseback riding accident that left me with a rotated hip . That one injury has since plagued me with low-back movement issues that are painful , sometimes debilitating , and decrease quality of life . On top of that , I have pretty bad knee issues—which also stem from the original rotated hip problem . I 've had three epidurals , two cortisone shots at the knee joint , and so much physical therapy I count it as my second job . The one thing I want to do , physically , compounds all the wounds .
I just want to run . I love to run . I love the way it makes me feel before , during , and after . But , even jogging ¼ mile kills my knees and stresses my back . So , what must it be like for someone who just wants to walk , or even just stand ? Life is a lot of things , but movement plays such a significant role in life that it 's something we think about lightly . You know , until we ca n't do it anymore .
So , while robotics , neuroscience , and advancements in technology are blow-your-mind-like-a-big-league-hotdog awesome , combining the three to improve quality of life for thousands—millions ? —of people is blow-your-mind-in-the-archaic-sense-of-the-word awesome . So , without further ado , let 's dig into the real meat of this article .
My duplicate unique identity
Santhosh Thottingal Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 13 , 2017
Yes , the identity I am talking about is of course Aadhaar — The unique biometric based identity . I had one .
I did not use it for any purpose so far . When I read that I need to link the Aadhaar number to my PAN to file my income tax , I went to income tax website to do so , but I could not . The date of birth is missing in Aadhaar . It had year of birth , which was any way wrong .
To correct this , I need to update my Aadhaar records . I can do that , but it needs a linked mobile number to send one time password . I do n't have one . So went to an Aadhaar enrollment center to update my mobile number . Along with that my biometric details were also updated ( that is 10 fingers and 2 iris scans ) . Date of birth also updated .
A few weeks later , I checked if that update is processed in UIDAI website . There is a provision to verify the mobile phone number . When I tried , the website said , my Aadhaar is not valid !
There is another utility in UIDAI website to check the Aadhaar update status and it said my Aadhaar number is cancelled due to duplicate !
I went to nearby Aadhaar enrollment center again , and asked them . They did not have any clue and told me they have never seen this kind of issue . So I tried to call the toll free number listed in error message . That number is would not work . I guessed and tried just 1947 and it worked . The customer care people asked my Aadhaar update number and told me that everything is updated and Aadhaar number is valid . They did not accept when I mentioned the error message I got from website and just disconnected the call .
I tried with income tax website to see if I can link my Aadhaar if it is valid . I got this error :
No idea what the customer care people were referring . I decided to write to customer care email of UIDAI with these screenshots . They replied in 24 hours :
Dear Resident ,
Thank you for bringing this matter to our notice .
Your case ( 20170611006147 ) has been registered with us . Please find below our response against your query :
Query 1 ( Subcase Id :2017061100614701 )
Kindly check the Aadhaar status at UIDAI 's resident portal and get your Biometrics updated in case of Suspended Aadhar and Re-enroll in case of Cancelled Aadhar by visiting the nearest Permanent Enrollment Centre .
So , I am supposed to get a new Aadhaar number ? Let us try to get some sense out of this situation .
How did my Aadhaar end up as duplicate ? To match my finger prints and iris scan with somebody , the biometric matching technology must be so unreliable . From my limited reading , it is . Can the UIDAI cancel my Aadhaar without any notice ? They can , they do . Over 85 lakh numbers have been deactivated since 2010 , without notice and in the absence of proper grievance redressal . When was my Aadhaar cancelled ? I do n't know and I do n't think there is a way to know this . I got this aadhaar number 5 years back . Since I never used it or gave to anybody , there is no authentication happened to it . In April , when I went to an Akshaya center for updating phone number , they retrieved my details with the number and updated . Can they do if aadhaar is cancelled ? I do n't know . Suppose I used this number for any government benefits . A lot of people do . What will happen to them when aadhaar is cancelled in a bad day ? That is too scary and unimaginable . What exactly meant by cancellation of Aadhaar ? Will the system have my record ? If so if I try to re-enroll wo n't that be a duplicate since it will match my biometric ? I do n't know . I asked this in help @ uidai.gov.in , I got a template reply to visit aadhaar enrollment center . What is the difference between cancelled Aadhaar and suspended Aadhaar ? I asked this in help @ uidai.gov.in , I got a template reply to visit the nearest Aadhaar enrollment center .
Updates :
From twitter I got a clue that the update might be actually a new enrollment . I never imagined that , since my update slip looks like this :
Anyway I used it to check the enrollment status of new aadhaar and it worked !
So what will happen now ? Will I get my second unique Id ?
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
AMY GOODMAN : As we turn now to news from Africa , the trial of Hissène Habré , the former dictator of Chad , began in Senegal Monday but took an unexpected turn today when it was postponed 45 days after Habré 's attorneys did not show for the trial . Hissène Habré is a former U.S. ally who 's been described as “ Africa 's Pinochet. ” They are accused of killing as many as 40,000 people during their eight years in power in the '80s . Habré is being tried in a special court established after a two-decade-long campaign led by their victims .
In a statement today about the postponed trial , attorney Reed Brody of Human Rights Watch said , quote , “ The victims are of course very disappointed , but they have been fighting to bring this case to court for 25 years , and 45 days will not change anything in the long march towards justice. ” I recently spoke to Reed Brody here in New York before they left for Senegal for the trial . They have worked with victims of Hissène Habré 's regime since 1999 . I began by asking Reed Brody to talk about the significance of the trial .
REED BRODY : This is the first time , actually , anywhere in the world that the courts of one country , Senegal , are trying the former leader of another , Chad , for human rights abuses . It 's the first time that the African Union has established a tribunal . And it 's the first time that the victims of a dictator in Africa have brought that dictator to justice . And as you said , this is the end of a 25-year campaign by the victims to bring Hissène Habré to justice . And so this is going to be a first for many things , and I think , for Chad and for Africa and for justice , in general , it is a big step forward .
AMY GOODMAN : Talk about the reign of Hissène Habré , how they came to power , who they were supported by and what they did .
REED BRODY : So , Hissène Habré was the ruler of Chad from 1982 to 1990 . They were brought to power , actually , by the United States , by Ronald Reagan . It was the first covert operation of the Reagan administration , before the Contras in Nicaragua , before Jonas Savimbi . They were seen as a bulwark against Muammar Gaddafi of Libya , who had expansionist designs on Chad . So , with U.S. and French support , they took power , maintained power , but they turned their country into a police state . It was a one-party system .
They are accused of thousands of political killings , of systematic torture . We happened to stumble on the files of their political police , the DDS , in the abandoned offices of the DDS . And in these files alone , we were able to calculate the names of 1,208 people who died in detention or who were killed , of over 12,000 people who were tortured or victims of arbitrary detention . They carried out waves of ethnic cleansing against—first in the south in 1984 , then against the Hadjarai ethnic group , against the Zaghawa ethnic group . And they were overthrown finally in 1990 by the current president of Chad , Idriss Déby . So it 's been 25 years since Habré fled to Senegal , 25 years that their victims have been pursuing him .
AMY GOODMAN : And the DDS is the secret police ?
REED BRODY : The DDS was kind of like their personal Gestapo . It was , according to the documents we found , their eyes and ears . And it reported directly to him . So we have , you know , daily reports going to them about the treatment of different prisoners . I mean , it was clear—it 's clear from these documents , which are in fact a roadmap to the repression , that Hissène Habré was kept aware of what was going on . We also in these documents see the U.S. involvement . We see in these documents training of DDS officials in the United States . We see visits to the DDS by the U.S. liaison officer to the DDS . This—
AMY GOODMAN : Whose government was it under in the United States ?
REED BRODY : This was under Ronald Reagan . And I should say , to its credit , that the Obama administration has been a big supporter of bringing Hissène Habré to justice , has contributed to the court , and the U.S. ambassador for war crimes is coming to the opening of the court .
AMY GOODMAN : How did they end up in Senegal , and why have they chosen to try him , and on what charges ?
REED BRODY : After they were overthrown , they fled—well , first of all , they cleared out the country 's treasury , totally emptied it out . And they went to neighboring Cameroon . And then they were looking—the U.S. , in fact , which had supported them to the very last day , was trying to find a place for them that was further away from Chad , and they ended up in Senegal .
And the victims began this quest , actually , on the heels of the Pinochet arrest , when the former Chilean dictator , Augusto Pinochet , was arrested in London by—on the warrant of a Spanish judge , Baltasar Garzón , for crimes allegedly committed in Chile . And the House of Lords ruled that they could be prosecuted anywhere in the world , even though they were a former head of state . You know , the human rights movement was in effervescence , and there was this idea of using the international justice system to bring to book people who seemed out of the reach of justice . And it was at that point that the Chadian—a Chadian human rights activist came to us and said , “ Well , we have somebody in—who is our Pinochet. ” And that was 1999 . And we helped the Chadian victims from Chad go to Senegal , where Habré was living , to file the first case against him .
And , in fact , Habré was arrested 15 years ago , for the first time , by a Senegalese judge . But they used—in effect , they used the money they had taken from Chad to basically build a network of influence and support in Senegal that blocked the case for over 12 years . And it was n't until 2012 , when the International Court of Justice ruled that Senegal had to prosecute or extradite Habré , and a new president of Senegal was elected , Macky Sall , that the case got back on track . But during that time , the victims , there was a constant stream of Chadian victims going to Senegal , building support for the case , building international pressure , so that when Macky Sall became president , they felt obliged then to move forward with the case .
AMY GOODMAN : I want to turn to another film that was just made , called Talking About Rose , by Isabel Coixet . Can you introduce it for us ?
REED BRODY : This is actually a remarkable story . When we were interviewing the survivors for the first time , a lot of them , including several women , told us about this woman prisoner Rose , who was like a kind of guardian angel who would help people out and who would try to smuggle out notes about people being tortured and killed in—other cellmates who were being tortured and killed in prison . And she , herself , was betrayed , and they took them out of prison and executed them
When we found the files of the DDS , we found the last report of their interrogation . And in this interrogation , after they were betrayed , they tell their captors , who write it down—the captors write down—she says they do not regret anything they did . What they did , they did for their country . And even if they die in prison , history will remember her , and Chad will thank them And so , this movie is called Talking About Rose , because they said , actually , “ History will talk about me. ” And , you know , here 's this woman who basically tells them captors , you know , “ History will talk about me. ” And their captors write it down on a piece of paper that is abandoned for 15 years , and then we find it . “ History will talk about me . I do n't care what you do to me. ” And this is a movie then called Talking About Rose .
AMY GOODMAN : Talking About Rose . It 's directed by Isabel Coixet , the Spanish filmmaker . NARRATOR : [ translated ] Rose Lokissim was one of the first women in Chad to become an elite soldier . After they joined the opposition to Habré 's dictatorship , Rose was arrested and taken to the terrible prison known as Les Locaux . In 1984 , they were put in cell C , known as “ the cell of death ” because prisoners there , crowded into a putrid , windowless room , died each day . Rose was the only woman among 60 men . FATIME SAKINE HAMADI : [ translated ] Rose was a good woman . If they tortured here , bound her , whipped her , they would n't even move . They were very courageous . Even when she 'd come back from torture , she 'd still chat like normal with us , as if they had n't seen a thing . A good woman . ASHTA MAHAMAD ALI MONIQUE : [ translated ] They were with the men for eight months , at the start . They took them out , and they stayed with us women . Then the prison director said , “ No , no . That 's no regular woman . If they flee , you will see. ” They took them back to the men . They were the only woman with the men . FATIME SAKINE HAMADI : [ translated ] They were afraid . They said , “ That woman is going to escape some day. ” They told the DDS that they were going to escape some day . So they put them with the men in cell C. Just one woman , with the men . After eight months , they brought Rose back . They were filthy , smelling , with lice all over , matted hair . So we boiled water and leaves , and washed them hair . The lice were like that . We took them out . We had to get off the crud with a knife . ASHTA MAHAMAD ALI MONIQUE : [ translated ] Rose was a good woman . In the morning , they made them go throw out the poop . She 'd go out cheerily just like a man . It did n't bother them at all . Rose was really courageous . ALEÏNA N'GOUSSI JACKSON : [ translated ] They were already a fighter . They knew what they were fighting for . Them philosophy was already in their head . They did n't like the regime . They did what they could to be rid of it . DOHKOT CLÉMENT ABAIFOUTA : [ translated ] A woman who did n't wish anyone harm . They did n't want to see people suffer . Rose told us , “ Stay strong until we can get out of this prison . Then we 'll change the direction of things in this country. ” A revolutionary , because they had ideas that fired us up to revolt , to dream of a change .
AMY GOODMAN : Talking About Rose , by the award-winning filmmaker Isabel Coixet . Reed Brody is our guest , attorney at Human Rights Watch , who has been one of the seminal forces in the Hissène Habré trial that is just about to take place right now in Senegal . So , this story of Rose is—I ca n't say typical , right ? Every person is so unique in surviving their imprisonment , their torture . Ultimately , they were killed . But how does this contribute to the trial ?
REED BRODY : Well , I think , first of all , it brings , you know , a human face . I mean , one of the interesting things about this case is that the victims are the architects of this prosecution . It is not coming down from The Hague , from an international prosecutor , an international court . It 's very difficult for Hissène Habré to pose as the victim here , when there are the faces and the stories of real victims .
So , for instance , when Habré was first arrested in Senegal , their wife wrote a teary letter to the president of Senegal : “ Oh , you do n't know what it 's like to have my husband away when my daughter comes home from school. ” Well , the next day , a widow from Chad responded , saying , “ Well , you do n't know what it 's like to have my husband taken away by your husband for 25 years. ” And their picture was all over the Senegalese press . Habré is saying that they do n't want to come to court . So , Souleymane Guengueng , one of the lead victims , wrote an open letter to Hissène Habré saying , “ Wait , we fought 25 years to get to court . You were once our omnipotent dictator . And now you 're afraid to look us in the face and to hear our stories ? ”
So , the fact that the victims have played such a protagonistic role in this case , I think , makes it very much more inspiring for victims around the world . And it also makes it much more difficult for Hissène Habré to say , “ No , I 'm being persecuted by , you know , the international community , ” or whatever .
AMY GOODMAN : So when does a dictator get tried by the International Criminal Court , for example , and when does something like this happen , a neighboring country actually tries the person ?
REED BRODY : Well , Habré 's alleged crimes took place before the International Criminal Court was established , so the ICC would n't have jurisdiction over these crimes . I mean , the ICC is a court of last resort . It 's only supposed to kick in when national courts can not .
This case is the first case in Africa going to trial on what 's called universal jurisdiction , which is the Pinochet principle , which says that certain crimes are so heinous that wherever you are , the courts of that country can prosecute you . So if you 're alleged to have committed torture and you come to the United States , the United States , if they do n't extradite you back , is supposed to prosecute you in the United States .
AMY GOODMAN : Attorney Reed Brody of Human Rights Watch , talking about the former Chadian dictator Hissène Habré , who 's on trial in Dakar , Senegal . The trial has just been delayed 45 days . We 'll keep following the story .
Matt Henry is heading to England in April to play for Worcestershire .
New Zealand quick Matt Henry has signed to play county cricket for Worcestershire in 2016 .
The 24-year-old will be a fill-in for the Worcestershire from April until the end of June , when South African speedster Kyle Abbott will take over .
`` Worcestershire have had strong links with New Zealand cricket going back to when Glenn Turner played for them for many seasons , '' Henry told the Worcestershire club website .
`` And , more recently , with Colin Munro and Mitchell McClenaghan , too .
READ MORE :
* Chappell calls for worldwide Gayle ban
* Mascarenhas : Boult form 'pretty special '
* Black Caps beat Sri Lanka in T20 thriller
* Hesson using T20s as trials for WorldT20
* Munro adapts for new role in Black Caps win
`` I hope I can play my part in getting them off to a good start in trying to regain that Division One spot - as well as having another successful run in the T20 Blast . ''
Henry was the standout bowler for New Zealand in the recent one-day series against Sri Lanka , claiming 13 wickets in only three matches . They took a five-wicket bag as well as two four-wicket hauls .
They also excelled in English conditions on test debut at Lord 's in May , claiming 4-93 ad 2-106 in that match against England .
New Zealand played at Worcester during their tour of England , with Henry taking 2-71 and 3-58 in a 15-run win over Worcestershire .
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes said Henry will be a `` huge asset '' to the team .
`` Matt Henry is a fine young bowler who has represented New Zealand in all formats . They also are trusted with both a world cup semifinal and a final spot and their bowling early season will be huge asset to the club .
`` I am delighted they will lead our attack and join our current crop of terrific young seam bowlers . ''
In most of the United States , low-to-moderate-income ( LMI ) communities have little to no voice about how solar energy can bring jobs and economic stability . New York is an exception . The state held an extended dialogue on this subject this year through the CDG Low-Income Collaborative .
Although the New York Public Service Commission ( NYPSC ) dismissed the committee 's recommendations , New York State Energy Research and Development Authority ( NYSERDA ) decided to put some of them in place .
Are utilities competing with smaller solar providers ?
The difference of viewpoint between the CDG Low-Income Collaborative and the NYPSC hinges on an economic question .
Should New York allow utilities to manage solar programs for this market ? Or should it rely on local businesses and nonprofits ?
“ The multiplier effect of having locally-based companies for any economic pursuit is well known , ” said Adam Flint , Southern Tier Solar Works Program manager at Binghamton Regional Sustainability Coalition . “ Nonprofit developers are going to deliver the most value . ”
According to Energy Democracy Alliance , 40 percent of New York 's population is low-to-moderate-income . Major barriers face this population . Lack of access to capital for upfront installations is one of them . Credit access issues also create roadblocks . A lack of state investment also hamstrings investment in this market .
How is New York taking the lead in addressing affordability ?
State leaders in New York , including Richard Kauffman , chairperson of energy and finance , have spoken out about the importance of affordable solar power .
Anthony Giancatarino , director of policy and strategy at Center for Social Inclusion , quoted Kauffman 's comment from a state website : “ Democratizing the production of power allows individuals and communities to take control of their energy future and realize the economic , social and environmental benefits of solar and other renewable energy resources . ”
Putting this ideal into practice requires extensive negotiation and planning . New York 's Reforming the Energy Vision ( REV ) initiative outlined that the state 's expectations for solar energy would be discussed in a multi-phase process . This dialogue was part of one of these phases .
“ We want to see the benefits of the REV and everything that 's involved with transforming our old , dirty , centralized fossil system into a new , decentralized , renewable system distributed to the people who are n't getting their share , ” Flint said . “ We need to see more consistency around a vision that puts climate , environmental justice , and economic goals first – and not the utilities or any private interest . ”
However , Flint said they recognize that New York has a “ strong current of sentiment ” in support of privatizing solar power and reducing incentives .
“ We 're more than half a year into the life of shared solar in the third year of the REV , ” Flint said . “ The state needs to come to terms in the fact that we 're not in a post-incentive environment at all . ”
So this discussion took place in a climate where nonprofits and small solar companies were competing with utilities and larger solar firms – with a statewide trend toward solutions driven by the private sector .
What solutions did stakeholders propose ?
The committee proposed many potential solutions . All of them were dismissed by the NYPSC as not “ workable , ” but some are being adopted by NYSERDA .
Creating state incentives for low-income solar is one proposed solution . These would be funded by existing clean energy funds supported by all consumers .
In Minnesota , cooperative ownership models for low-income shared solar are working well . The committee suggested adopting a similar approach in New York . Technical assistance for developing innovative project models might also yield new approaches .
Collaborating with the New York Green Bank to provide credit support and affordable financing is another option that the committee discussed .
Preventing predatory lending by ensuring consumer-friendly financing would be an important keystone of solar power 's success in New York – regardless of the NYPSC 's decision .
The committee recommended adjusting participation goals so that they are more flexible statewide . A previous temporary requirement specified that every community-shared solar project should have 20 percent low-income participation . A more flexible requirement would be that this percentage could apply statewide to all of these projects combined . Spreading participation across the state would ensure that a variety of communities could benefit from community-shared solar .
Clarifying New York 's net-metering policy would ensure that customers know the value of the solar projects they are considering .
How was the process structured ?
The REV process for solar distributed generation is taking place in two phases , according to the committee report . Phase One took place from Oct. 19 to April 30 . It focused on supporting low-income communities and “ providing locational benefits to the grid. ” Phase Two , which began on May 1 , focused on expanding distributed generation across the board to a larger set of communities .
NYPSC staff asked the committee to weigh in on standardized customer contracts , energy-efficiency requirements , marketing approaches , data management , financing recommendations , business models , and barriers and technical constraints limiting participation .
It is unclear why the NYPSC decided to dismiss all of the committee 's recommendations . NYPSC staff were unavailable to comment on the situation for this article .
“ The initial engagement with the PSC staff was pretty synergistic , ” Giancatarino said . “ It seemed like a good opportunity . But after the collaborative had put in a proposal , there was radio silence . ”
“ That 's why we felt a little blindsided by this report , ” Flint said . “ It was a constructive dialogue . Once the first extension came and went and there were no communications at all from staff , I started to get a bit nervous . ”
On Aug. 15 , the NYPSC published a report saying that none of the recommendations were workable . It recommended utility ownership of shared solar and advised that the committee be disbanded .
“ They dismissed all of the solutions everyone put all of the time and energy into creating , ” Giancatarino said . “ They released a report defaulting to utility ownership . There was no explanation . ”
Why did utility ownership become the preferred choice ?
Giancatarino said there was a lack of transparency and accountability on the part of the NYPSC . However , in retrospect , they said they saw signs that this decision might occur .
National Grid was not available to comment on the decision .
“ We should n't have been so surprised at their response , ” Giancatarino said . “ During the REV orders a year and a half ago there was a line that called out that utilities would not be able to own renewable energy projects during REV except in low-income communities . [ It said ] the market for renewable energy would n't be there in time in the low-income communities , so it should default to utility ownership . That was a bit out of left field . ”
“ We are going to be continuing our discussions with staff , commission and NYSERDA , as well as the legislature , ” Flint said . “ The report came out in the deadest point of summer . As the fall wears on , we 'll have a better sense of where the parties stand with this . ”
Might utilities put these ideas in place ?
Flint and Giancatarino said they are not sure whether utilities would take action on any of their recommendations .
“ I fail to see how utilities could do a better job at providing shared solar access than private developers and nonprofit community-based developers , ” Flint said . “ NGOs are developing shared solar projects under the cooperative model . I doubt utilities would be able to do anything magical with shared solar . The existing incentives are simply not up to the challenge of bringing solar to all customers . ”
Flint said they are skeptical of how New York utilities are handling investing in solar power and grid maintenance .
“ In general , what we 're seeing is an attempt on the part of utilities and a couple of large solar installers to externalize the costs onto other people , ” Flint said . “ With the interconnection situation , we 're starting to see the fruit of lack of investment by utilities in their own grid . ”
In contrast , Giancatarino said they were somewhat hopeful that utilities might adopt the ideas the committee suggested . “ Some utilities might be open to some benefit-sharing with low-income communities around renewable energy . This is actually an opportunity for low-income communities , communities of color , and communities that have borne injustices to build wealth . I do n't know if the utilities would be open to ceding some of that power and control . I think they would be willing to share benefits . ”
What is NYSERDA considering ?
After seeing the committee 's ideas , NYSERDA has been somewhat responsive .
“ I know NYSERDA is taking action , ” Flint said . “ If you look at their operating plan and you look at the section on moderate income customer access , they allocated funds to support LMI across the state in various ways . They 've included some of the proposals we asked for . We do n't know the exact dollar figures involved . ”
Once NYSERDA releases an RFP , it will show the specifics .
“ NYSERDA is offering more hope , ” Giancatarino said . “ They are tasked with a $ 10 million clean energy fund and to help stimulate the market . They were really interested in leveraging green banks . ”
Both Flint and Giancatarino said they were worried about the NYPSC 's decision .
“ We want to avoid [ a situation ] where people who can afford it can get it and those who ca n't , ca n't , ” Giancatarino said .
Join our LinkedIn group to discuss this article . You may also email the author directly using our contact form .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Dublin cycling group has said it is `` totally unacceptable '' that another cyclist has died on the capital 's roads .
At around 1.30pm , a male cyclist died after their bike collided with a roadsweeping truck on Whitechurch Road in Rathfarnham .
The road remains closed to traffic and diversions are in place as gardai forensically examine the scene .
In a statement on its Facebook page , the Dublin Cycling Campaign said : `` The shocking , sad and all too familiar news has reached us that another cyclist has been killed .
`` Today 's victim was killed by a truck while cycling on Whitechurch Road , Rathfarnham . They are the 13th person to be killed while cycling in 2017 and their death , like all the others , is totally unacceptable to us .
`` We will be announcing a major action to take place in Dublin in the coming days to highlight the deaths of cyclists and the lack of action to protect cyclists by Minister Shane Ross , The Dept of Transport , the National Transport Authority , Dublin City Council , and the Garda Siochana . ''
Local councillor Emma Murphy paid their condolences to family and friends of the deceased man and said the route is a popular route for cyclists .
They told Dublin Live : `` I am shocked and saddened to hear of the fatality of a cyclist in our local area of Ballyboden this afternoon . My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the deceased man and those involved in the incident at this awfully tragic time .
`` Whitechurch Road is a popular and busy route for cyclists as it is a gateway to the Dublin Mountains .
`` Again my sincerest condolences to the families involved . ''
Councillor Sarah Holland has also expressed their sadness at the tragic news .
They said : “ I want to give my deepest condolences to the family and friends of the cyclist who was killed today .
`` This is a dark day for our community , and my thoughts are with all of those affected . ”
The education funding crisis facing our nation 's schools has caught the attention of The Onion . In a new piece , `` Budget Mix-Up Provides Nation 's Schools With Enough Money To Properly Educate Students , '' their writers expertly skewer just how screwed up our national priorities really are—especially when it comes to defense funding and education funding .
Sources in the Congressional Budget Office reported that as a result of a clerical error , $ 80 billion earmarked for national defense was accidentally sent to the Department of Education , furnishing schools with the necessary funds to buy new textbooks , offer more academic resources , hire better teachers , promote student achievement , and foster educational excellence—an oversight that apologetic officials called a `` huge mistake . ''
And what is the response to this disastrous mistake—one that none of us can ever imagine happening in real life ?
`` Obviously , we did not intend for this to happen , and we are doing everything in our power to right the situation and discipline whoever is responsible , '' said House Budget Committee chairperson Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) , expressing remorse for the error . `` I want to apologize to the American people . The last thing we wanted was for schools to upgrade their technology and lower student-to-teacher ratios in hopes of raising a generation of well-educated , ambitious , and skilled young Americans . ''
The piece goes on to make fun of House Speaker John Boehner , who 's quoted as saying , `` Once these kids learn to read and think critically , you can never undo that . In 20 years , we could be looking at a nightmare scenario in which vast segments of our populace are fully prepared to compete in the new global marketplace . ''
Unfortunately , the real-life impact of the financial crisis hitting our nation 's schools is no joke .
State budgets are tight everywhere thanks to the economic downturn , and , sadly , the books are being balanced on the backs of schoolchildren . Just think , if $ 80 billion could be funneled from defense into education , we would n't have school districts planning a four-day school week , 30,000 teachers in California would n't be pink slipped , and kids would n't feel the need to empty their piggy banks to save teaching jobs .
photo ( cc ) via Flickr user Fibonacci Blue
Dec 1 , 2016 ; Minneapolis , MN , USA ; Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford ( 8 ) looks on during the fourth quarter against the Dallas Cowboys at U.S. Bank Stadium . The Cowboys defeated the Vikings 17-15 . Mandatory Credit : Brace Hemmelgarn-USA TODAY Sports
We have seen how the Minnesota Vikings can play when things are clicking . If they want a chance at the post season , they most likely have to win out for the rest of the season .
With a loss to Dallas , that most experts predicted , the Minnesota Vikings held their own . If it was not for some self inflicted mistakes , they could have won the most viewed Thursday Night Football matchup in history .
Most would complain about missed calls on the last play of the game . That was not the cause for the loss last Thursday . The main mistakes would easily be the Adam Thielen fumble and the Kyle Rudolph missed touchdown .
On the Thielen fumble , the ball was caught at the 10-yard line with defenders closing in on him . This should have been a fair catch . Instead , Thielen decided to try to run , having to head backwards towards the opposing goal line to get around defenders and ends up fumbling . Even though it looked like they regained possession of the ball , calls do not always go that way .
After the first 3 losses of this season , Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer said that players were “ trying to do to much. ” This was the case here . Instead of playing the game safe , Thielen tried to make a play and turn nothing into something .
Another key mistake was on third down just outside the redzone , Bradford threaded the needle and threw a perfect ball in between two Cowboy defenders right into Rudolph 's hands , but the ball was not brought down for the touchdown .
The Vikings defense is so stout , they will always be in position to win games , as long as the offense can play mistake free football and score between 17 and 21 points .
The best NFL scoring defenses every year give up about an average of 17 points per game . So the offense has to be able to put a few touchdowns on the board to be able to win . The Vikings can not always rely on the defense or special teams to score .
With the loss to Dallas , if the Vikings want a chance at the post season , they will most likely have to win out . With the remaining games at Jacksonville , at home against the Colts , at Green Bay , and at home against Chicago , there is a chance they could pull it off . They will just need some teams in contention to lose .
Hopefully we can find a path into the playoffs , because with a defense this good , they will put us in position to win almost every game . Who knows who can get hot at the right time ?
Amy Lawson , a teacher at Silver Lake Elementary School in Middleton , Del. , teaches language arts to their class of fifth graders . ( AP/Steve Ruark )
Congress is set to rewrite the laws governing the nation 's schools this year , and the Common Core might turn into a history lesson .
The Obama administration has quietly supported the national standards for students in kindergarten through high school , developed with the support of the Gates Foundation by a group of state education officials . Only a handful of states has refused to adopt the Core or have abandoned it , despite widespread frustration with the standards among conservatives and educators .
That could change with legislation released Tuesday by Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R-Tenn. ) , the new chairperson of the Senate 's education committee . In a rebuke to the administration , Alexander 's bill implies that Obama 's Education Department has overstepped its authority and gives states more freedom to choose their own academic standards , among other things .
`` The department has become , in effect , a national school board , '' Alexander said on the Senate floor Tuesday .
Alexander still has to win enough Democratic votes to break a filibuster and persuade Obama to sign the bill -- a tall order . The business lobby supports the Common Core , along with many of the other policies that impose sanctions on schools whose students fall short that are weakened in Alexander 's bill , so many moderate Republicans may be reluctant to support it . Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Monday that any bill must require annual testing , which is not mandatory in one of two drafts that Alexander 's office released for discussion . If that is the version that Congress passes , Obama might not sign it .
All the same , observers agree a new bill is likelier to succeed this year , now that Republicans have taken full control of Congress , than at any point in recent history . What Alexander 's legislation would mean for the Common Core remains to be seen .
Andrew Rotherham , one of the founders of the education consultancy Bellwether Education Partners , warned that Alexander 's bill would abandon the goals of the Common Core -- an agreement among states about the goals of public education , and an honest accounting about whether all children are getting an equal opportunity to achieve them .
`` This is basically a way to make sure we do n't have a common definition , '' Rotherham said . `` Some kids are going to get a really challenging and ambitious set of standards , and other kids are going to fall through the cracks . ''
Tom Loveless , a scholar at the Brookings Institution , found that students in states that adopt more rigorous academic standards did not perform any better on tests than students in other states . The differences between states are minor compared to the much larger gaps between the best and the worst schools in any one state , which a simple change in standards would n't do much to reduce , Loveless argued .
Rotherham , however , cited these findings as evidence that Washington must hold state educational systems to their standards and compare schools between states , so that the standards do n't simply become empty aspirations . Even if particular states set a high bar in isolation , their students wo n't benefit , they said .
At least one supporter of the Core is optimistic -- Michael Petrilli , the president of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute , which is an educational think tank . They argued that the standards have always had widespread support among state officials , and predicted that many states would stick to the Common Core , even without the federal government 's encouragement . `` These really were standards that were adopted at the state level , '' Petrilli said .
Petrilli said they agree with Alexander that Obama and Education Secretary Arne Duncan have gone too far in some respects . Still , they said , accusing the administration of overreach has been a convenient way for critics of the Core to rally the opposition , and that the bill would eliminate that talking point . `` I do n't think that is going to change policy on the state level necessarily , but I do think that might change the debate in a healthy way , '' Petrilli said .
The Home School Legal Defense Association 's William Estrada , whose group opposes the Common Core , said Alexander 's bill does not go far enough in constraining the federal government 's authority over education , but they also said that many states would choose to retain the Core in any case .
`` At the end of the day , this is going to become a battle in the state legislatures , as it should , for the states to decide what 's best for them , '' they said .
The result would be a compromise that satisfies no one . A number of states could keep the Core , frustrating those parents and teachers who think the standards are misguided , while proponents would have to give up on what they 've been working for : a genuinely national set of criteria by which to reliably compare schools and district across state lines .
Know this much about Jeanie Buss and their perspective on the final chapter of Kobe Bryant 's storied career : they hope it does n't end anytime soon .
In a wide-ranging interview with USA TODAY Sports , the Los Angeles Lakers president and governor said they want the 36-year-old Bryant to sign another contract when their two-year , $ 48 million extension comes to an end after the 2015-16 season .
“ I hope not , ” Buss said with a laugh when asked if they thought Bryant would retire then . “ I really hope not . I mean I 'm a person who watched Kareem ( Abdul-Jabbar ) play until they were 42 ( years old ) . Jimmy Connors played on my World Team Tennis team ( of which they were the general manager ) , the LA Strings , that summer that they went into the US Open at age 39 and made the semis at 39 years old . So I 've seen it . I know you ca n't beat Father Time , but there are those athletes who can transcend the average age of retirement . And if anyone can do that , my money is on the Black Mamba . ”
Buss has been the Black Mamba 's Mama Bear of late , defending them at every turn after an ESPN article indicated that some members of the Lakers ' braintrust simply could n't wait for them to retire . Buss , who made it clear that they have both the passion and the power to turn the Lakers ' fortunes after these past few subpar seasons , is clearly not among that crowd . They continued to defend the decision to give Bryant such a hefty deal in Nov. 2013 , one that was made by their brother , executive vice president of basketball operations Jim Buss , and longtime general manager Mitch Kupchak .
“ Kobe is worth every penny , and I 'd never had any doubt that he 'd contribute to this team , ” Jeanie Buss said . “ We have a ( salary ) cap , but we also have a ( salary ) floor , and you do have to spend it . This is a team that 's paying $ 10 million ( this season ) to Steve Nash , and $ 9 million to Jordan Hill , so we have those two players for $ 19 million , so Kobe for $ 24 million sounds pretty good . Especially since the $ 10 million player is n't going to play for us this year ( Nash is out for the season , and likely their career , because of a recurring back problem ) . ”
To read the rest of the interview , click here .
As the absurdly dedicated fans of the series wait for updates on “ And A Movie , ” Community 's most recent season gets an audio refresher from its creator…
Before I was super addicted to podcasting and listening to hundreds of hours of podcasts , DVD commentaries were my preferred audio delights . Hearing the writers of The Simpsons or Mr. Show tell silly stories about the minutia of producing my favorite shows was worth the price of the box sets . And the same goes for all seasons of Community , minus the gas leak year , of course . But would that continue with the recently completed season on Yahoo ! Screen ? Listen for yourself .
Your ears do not deceive you . That is commentary straight from the genius creator himself , Dan Harmon . As listeners of the Harmontown podcast know , Dan Harmon 's personality is infectiously hilarious , as the prickly executive producer does n't hold back their opinions on much . And for a season as oddly produced as this one , I 'm sure he 's got a lot to say , so you can head over to the Yahoo ! Screen page and listen to Communintary like the one above .
These days , DVD commentaries are more endangered than DVDs , and even my beloved Simpsons commentaries seem to be coming to a close as Fox stops producing extras for the physical media of its shows . Maybe Harmon can lead the way for other creators to add bonus commentary to streaming media – it 's honestly a bit shocking that Netflix or Hulu have n't yet jumped on this .
By the way , Dan Harmon hugged me at Comic-Con last year , no big deal
Oh , and if you 've never heard Dan Harmon 's previous commentaries , I highly recommend them . The discs of Community Season 1 , Season 2 , and Season 3 are full of them telling stories they probably should n't , and the same goes for Rick and Morty Blu-ray . I do n't know if season 6 is full of them talking about drinking all the vodka they can or a disastrous break-up , but I think there 's a good chance you 'll hear them burn bridges on top of giving you incredible insight into the creative process . Here 's a taste of some of the wonder of Community commentary .
Are you going to give Community another viewing now that Harmon is talking over it ? Are you one of those fans that skipped season 6 for some dumb reason ? I want to hear you admit to your crimes in the comments !
Forget the seven game playoff series the Rangers and the Senators played back in 2012 , and Ottawa 's MSG resume over the past decade is pretty darn terrific . On Tuesday , though , the Rangers came away with a rare home win over the team which had been 13-1-1 in their past 15 visits to the World 's Most Famous Arena , as they downed their Canadian opponents 3-2 , in thrilling overtime fashion .
The win – which saw goals from Kevin Hayes , Chris Kreider , and the OT winner from Carl Hagelin – was not just the third in a row for Rangers , but also their 16th in their last 19 games . In a matter of weeks , the Rangers have gone from , in ESPN 's words , “ a mediocre group , ” to serious contenders in the Eastern Conference . As team 's now head into the week long All-Star break , let 's grade the Rangers ' season up to this point .
Offense
It does n't take analytics and advanced stats to tell us that this Rangers offense has developed/is developing into the best offense they 've had in years . In fact , if the season were to end today , they would finish the campaign in the NHL 's top-10 in scoring for the first time since the 2000-01 season . This would also be the first time the Rangers would crack the 3 goals per game mark since the 2005-06 season .
What 's led to that success ? Well , a few things .
First of all , there 's Rick Nash . There should n't be any need to spell this one out , but if I must , here goes .
Nash has been , well , Nashty . Through 44 games this season , the former first round pick of the Columbus Blue Jackets has lit the lamp 28 times , putting them on pace to finish the season with 52 goals , which would also exceed their career high of 41 goals back in 2003-04 .
Nash playing alongside Derrick Brassard and Mats Zuccarello has also worked out well , as it has helped both their individual production , and the teams in general .
The emergence of the “ real ” Chris Kreider also can not be understated when talking about the Rangers offensive success , particularly in recent days . After a difficult stretch which spanned from mid-November to early December where Kreider scored just one goal , and registered three total points – during which time their Grandfather also passed away – Kreider has since come back with a vengeance .
In their last 10 games , eight of which the Rangers have emerged victorious , Kreider has collected nine points ( 5-4-10 ) , and it seems every game now they use their speed to get behind the defense of the opposition , which in turn leads to a grade-A scoring opportunity .
They are using their strength to establish positioning in front , they are skating downhill with speed and determination , and they are working incredibly well with line-mate 's Martin St. Louis and Derek Stepan .
Kreider spoke about playing with those two , and particularly their relationship with St. Louis following Tuesday 's win over Ottawa :
“ It 's a give-and-take relationship . They give and I take . They talk , I shut up and listen , ” said Kreider of St. Louis . “ The plays they make , the things they see before they happen ; it 's extraordinary . They are so cerebral…he is playing chess when everyone else is playing checkers . Is n't that the euphemism ? ”
The play of the Rangers second line , which consists of Kreider , Stepan , and St. Louis has been huge . They are all feeding off one another . Kreider and St. Louis are a well-oiled machine , while Stepan has become the centerpiece to keep the cog in motion .
Since returning from a fractured fibula , Stepan , the 24-year-old center , has racked up 32 points in 31 games , 24 of which have been assists . With the exception of their 43.2 percent success rate on faceoffs , they are developing into the center the Rangers have been yearning for them to become . Their production is reflecting their play , as well as the Rangers success .
Put it all of these pieces together , and you 've got not just a solid top-six for the Rangers , but pretty good overall offense . That 's also of course without even talking about Kevin Hayes and the respectable rookie campaign he 's putting together for himself .
This seemed far-fetched over the past decade , but let 's give this Rangers offense an “ A-. ” With how much better they 've performed compared to past Rangers rosters , I 'd say they deserve it .
Defense
Talk about a mess early on . Beginning on opening night , and continuing through the season 's first quarter , the Rangers defense was nothing shy of a cataclysm .
And rock bottom ? Probably this goal scored by Vladimir Tarasenko when they turned Mike Kostka and Dylan McIlrath inside out :
But in the days since , things have gone uphill for the Rangers defense core . They 've allowed two goals or fewer in seven of their last 10 games , contributions offensively have been easier to find in recent days , and there are seven capable defensemen competing for the six open positions . It certainly is n't a bad problem to have , and we 'll first start by talking about the “ coming out party ” that this season has been for Kevin “ Optimus Klein-Kleisenberg ” Klein .
Klein has been outstanding from day one . They have been smart in their own zone , not afraid to play physical , and he 's been tough as nails – as was demonstrated after they lost part of their ear on December 8 against Pittsburgh , and returned only to score the game winner in overtime .
The 30-year-old defenseman has also become the Rangers ' biggest offensive threat at the blue line , as Klein has eight goals on the season in just 43 games ( his previous season-high in goals was four ) .
It 's been a career year for Klein , and for the Rangers – who lost Anton Stralman to free agency last summer – it could n't have come at a better time .
Beyond Klein , the Rangers have also been fortunate enough to have a pretty good problem on their hands ; good at least compared to what problems they could have to deal with , and that is the fact that the Blueshirts have seven capable defensemen for the six open positions , thanks to the solid consistent play from both Matt Hunwick and John Moore .
When health is at a maximum , the top-four at the Ranger blue line is occupied by McDonagh , Girardi , Staal , and Boyle . As far as top-four 's go , that really is n't half bad . And then there 's Kevin Klein , who we 've already outlined as having a career year , and could probably fill in as a top-four defenseman on many other teams . They are in the fifth slot on the Ranger blue line .
And finally , there 's both Matt Hunwick and John Moore .
At the beginning of the season , that sixth defensive slot seemed to be John Moore 's , no questions asked . But thanks to injuries , Matt Hunwick was given the time of day , and proved not just to be a worthy replacement when injuries would arise , but a formidable opponent to Moore 's keeping of that sixth spot .
It would almost seem reasonable to ask where the Rangers would be right now if it were n't for the way Hunwick stepped up in the early going of this season .
Yes , they were that good .
And so , here are the Rangers rolling deep on defense , and to make things even better , a good chunk of them – four to be exact – are under contract through the 2017-18 season .
Oh , and Henrik Lundqvist ? Their save percentage in the month of January is .950 . I do n't think anything more needs to be said . They had a slow start , but is once again the King Ranger fans have come to know and love .
Yup , it 's true . The Rangers are going to be a tough team to penetrate offensively for a couple more years at least .
The Rangers defense overall : Got to go with an even “ A . ”
Special Teams
The truth is , not everything can be unicorns and rainbows . While this year 's penalty kill and power play for the Rangers are both in the top-half of the league , which is far better than what can be said about past years , special teams is still where the Rangers probably need the most work .
Yes , the power play is currently ranked 11th in the NHL with a 19.3 percent conversion rate . That really is n't all that bad , compared to last season 's 18.2 percent . The problem lies , however , in the inconsistent nature of their play with the man-advantage .
There have been stretches during the year where the power play has looked lost , kept to the perimeter , and gone games upon games without scoring a power play goal .
And then there have been spurts where the power play seemed to be able to do no wrong ; yes , I 'm taking about when they scored 10 power play goals over a seven game span between December 23 , and January 8…for the record , they 've score one power play goal in the six games since then .
So yes , the power play has looked decent at times , and Dan Boyle appeared to be making a real , noticeable impact . And other times it 's looked like a dried up well in the middle of the Sahara . In other words , inconsistent .
The penalty kill has been a little more consistent , in the sense that power play goals against have n't come in bunches the way power play goals have , but the penalty kill has simply been average at best all season .
At no point has it been a dominant , smothering penalty kill , nor has it looked like a slice of Swiss cheese , filled with holes and glaring problems . The Rangers penalty kill has just been average . It is ranked 12th in the league , they 've successfully killed off 82.4 percent of all penalties , and ironically that percentage is the same at home as it is on the road .
Could the PK be better ? Sure . But they can also win with the status quo . Combine the special teams into one , and a “ B+ ” feels about right .
Overall
Let 's call a spade a spade , the Rangers were absolutely terrible in the early going of the season . Lucky for them , though , there was a fairly reasonable explanation .
Right from day one , the Rangers were battered with injuries , and they simply could n't catch a break in that regard . As full health has since returned , the Rangers have begun to look more and more like the team that went on an improbable run to the Stanley Cup Final .
With wins in 16 of their last 19 , the Rangers have all but proven that they are for real . They have been sharp defensively , Henrik Lundqvist has started to play like the Vezina winner that they have been in years past , and offensively , the Rangers have threats up and down the lineup . While there is of course still room for improvement , particularly with regards to special teams , the Rangers are certainly headed down the right path .
For now , an “ A- “ seems adequate , though if the current upward trend continues , that could be upgraded sooner than later .
Only time will tell with that though…
PFF 's Team of the Week selections following Week 5
By Steve Palazzolo • Oct 4 , 2016
The PFF team has made their rounds across every snap of the FBS weekend and it 's now time to highlight the best performances of what proved to be a wild week of action . There are a few familiar names as well as a few new additions to the list — even a couple of players who many finally be living up to their high preseason expectations .
Let 's have a look at the Week 5 Team of the Week .
Quarterback : Greg Ward , Jr , Houston 87.6
One of the best rushing quarterbacks in the nation came out with one of the best passing games of their career as Ward picked apart the UConn defense , completing 32 of their 38 attempts for 389 yards and three touchdowns . Ward tacked on another 74 yards on 10 carries for two scores in one of the best all-around quarterback performances we 've seen this season .
Running back : Shock Linwood , Baylor 85.6 and Jamaal Williams , BYU 84.0
Bouncing back from a six-snap outing in Week 4 , Linwood was dominant in Baylor 's running game , finishing with 237 yards on 25 carries ( 9.5 yards per carry ) including 179 of those yards coming after contact ( 7.2 yards after contact per rush ) . They forced seven missed tackles as a runner to lead the nation this week . Williams continued their strong season with a five-touchdown performance against Toledo that included 151 of their 286 yards coming after contact and five forced missed tackles .
Wide receiver : Calvin Ridley , Alabama 85.5 and JuJu Smith-Schuster , USC 81.8
Ridley made the most of their 17 targets , catching 11 for 174 yards and two touchdowns . They made plays in the short , intermediate , and deep game as the focal point of the Alabama passing game . Smith-Schuster had their best game of the season , finding the end zone three times while catching seven of their eight targets for 123 yards .
Slot : Linell Bonner , Houston 84.2
Bonner caught all 12 of their targets for 159 yards , including a five-for-five effort for 110 yards on passes thrown at least 10 yards in the air . Their 4.80 yards per route from the slot ranked second in the nation this week .
Tight end : Josiah Price , Michigan State 85.1
It 's not all about glamour at the tight end position as Price earns this week 's award on the strength of their run blocking . Their 81.8 run blocking grade ranked third in the nation while they complemented it with four receptions including a touchdown .
Offensive tackle : Brendan Mahon , Penn State 86.5 and Roderick Johnson , Florida State 82.9
Mahon simply did n't lose in the run game on their way to the best game of their three-year career . They allowed one hit on their 49 attempts in pass protection . Johnson had a clean day on their 36 pass-blocking attempts , but it was their second level in blocking in the run game that stood out in Florida State 's loss .
Guard : Josh Boutte , LSU 86.8 and Cody O'Connell , Washington State 82.1
Boutte did n't allow a pressure on their 31 attempts while creating holes in the run game at the line of scrimmage , as a puller , and at the second level . O'Connell was a key cog in Washington State 's surprisingly dominant run game and they performed well in the run and pass game while also doing a nice job in the Cougars ' screen game .
Center : Pat Elflein , Ohio State 84.1
Elflein has had their struggles in their move from guard to center but they put together their best game of the season . It was their first pressure-free game in pass protection on their 33 snaps and they had their way with Rutgers ' defensive tackles and linebackers in the run game .
Defense
Edge rusher : Rashad Dillard , Troy 87.6 and Marquis Haynes , Ole Miss 86.7
Quietly one of the nation 's best pass-rushers this season , Dillard pressured the quarterback on 12 of their 32 pass rushes against Idaho , including three sacks and nine hurries . Haynes had their best pass rushing day of the season , finishing with a strip sack , two QB hits , and eight hurries on their 36 rushes while adding five more stops in the run game .
Defensive interior : Ryan Glasgow , Michigan 86.4 and Eddie Vanderdoes , UCLA 85.6
Glasgow led the dominant performance by Michigan 's defense with a stout game against the run ( 83.5 ) and their best pass rushing effort of the season with a ridiculous sack , QB hit , two hurries , and batted pass on only 16 rushes . Vanderdoes returns to the team after posting the week 's top run-stopping grade at 89.4 as they continue to quickly shed blocks and disrupt the run game like few interior defensive linemen in the nation .
Linebacker : Jarrad Davis , Florida 89.5 ; Reuben Foster , Alabama 86.9 ; Jack Cichy , Wisconsin 86.8
Davis filled up the stat sheet with three passes defensed , six stops , a QB hit , and two hurries , including the pass defensed that led to the game-ending interception . Foster is currently the nation 's top-graded linebacker at 91.2 and they did their usual fine work taking on blockers to finish with four stops and three QB hits . Cichy was a potential breakout performer this season and they did their part in Wisconsin 's loss to Michigan , finish with two sacks , a QB hit , hurry , four stops and a pass defensed .
Cornerback : Jack Tocho , NC State 89.1 and Tre'Davious White , LSU 88.0
Tocho did it all for NC State , allowing only three catches on their seven targets for 10 yards to go with two passes defensed and a sack , QB hit and hurry as a blitzer . White was highlighted as a matchup to watch coming into the week and they stood out with an interception , pass defensed and only 39 yards allowed on their 10 targets .
Safety : Aaron Davis , Georgia 88.0 and Mike Edwards , Kentucky 87.7
It was a nice all-around game for Davis who led the nation with an 88.0 grade against the run this week , finishing a number of plays around the line of scrimmage . They also broke up a pass and recovered a fumble . Edwards had a strong game against Alabama , providing tight coverage against both wide receivers and tight ends while attacking the screen game .
From lead special teams analyst Gordon McGuinness :
Kicker : Emmit Carpenter , Minnesota
Maintaining their perfect start to the year , Carpenter was good on all four field goal attempts against Penn State . He 's yet to attempt a kick from 50 yards or further this season , but he 's hit everything from 49 and closer .
Punter : Jonny Linehan , BYU
As hard as it might be to believe based on how the game ended , there was actually some punting in that BYU-Toledo game . Linehan had their best game of the year so far averaging 41.4 net yards per punt and saw just one of their five punts returned , with three going out of bounds and the other resulting in a fair catch
Kicker/Punt returner : Brisly Estime , Syracuse
Estime did n't return a kickoff , but averaged 42.7 yards per punt return , including one that went for 74 yards .
SEC — Gordon McGuinness
QB : Chad Kelly , Ole Miss , 79.9
HB : Joshua Jacobs , Alabama , 82.1
FB : J.D . Moore , LSU , 81.7
WR : Calvin Ridley , Alabama , 85.5
WR : Jared Cornelius , Arkansas , 82.9
TE : Evan Engram , Ole Miss , 83.3
OT : Sean Rawlings , Ole Miss , 82.1 ; Cam Robinson , Alabama , 80.1
OG : Josh Boutte , LSU , 86.8 ; Lamont Gaillard , 77.3
C : Frank Ragnow , Arkansas , 84.2
ED : Marquis Haynes , Ole Miss , 86.7 ; Tim Williams , Alabama , 85.7
DT : Dalvin Tomlinson , Alabama , 81.5 ; Jonathan Allen 84.5
LB : Jarrad Davis , Florida , 89.5 ; Reuben Foster , Alabama , 86.9 ; Zach Cunningham , Vanderbilt , 84.4
CB : Tre'Davious White , LSU , 88.0 ; Duke Dawson , Florida , 87.0
S : Aaron Davis , Georgia , 88.0 ; Mike Edwards , Kentucky , 87.7
K : Eddy Pineiro , Florida
P : Corey Fatony , Missouri
K/PR : Reggie Davis , Georgia
Big 12 — Bryson Vesnaver
QB : Joel Lanning , Iowa State , 82.7
HB : Shock Linwood , Baylor , 85.6 ; D'Onta Foreman , Texas , 75.9
WR : Dede Westbrook , Oklahoma , 80.5 ; Jonathan Giles , Texas Tech 77.3 ; Blake Lynch , Baylor , 75.4
OT : Mo Porter , Baylor , 83.5 ; Brandon Hodges , Texas , 78.8
OG : Blake Blackmar , Baylor , 75.0 ; Ishmael Wilson , Baylor , 74.1
C : Tyler Orlosky , West Virginia , 82.3
ED : Reggie Walker , Kansas State , 81.5 ; Dorance Armstrong Jr , Kansas , 81.1
DI : Austin Roberts , Oklahoma , 78.5 ; Darrien Howard , West Virginia , 78.1
LB : Chad Whitener , Oklahoma State , 86.3 ; Emmanuel Beal , Oklahoma , 81.1 ; Kris Williams , Texas Tech , 78.0
CB : Rasul Douglas , West Virginia , 84.0 ; Justis Nelson , Texas Tech , 83.8 ; Ramon Richards , Oklahoma State , 83.3
S : Fish Smithson , Kansas , 83.8 ; Jah'Shawn Johnson , Texas Tech , 77.7
K : Austin Seibert , Oklahoma
P : Colin Downing , Iowa State
KR : Bryon Pringle , Kansas State
ACC — John Breitenbach
QB : Ryan Finley , North Carolina State , 77.1
HB : Dalvin Cook , Florida State , 83.3
WR : Cole Hikutini , Louisville , 77.8 ; Tabari Hines , Wake Forest
OT : Roderick Johnson , Florida State , 82.9 ; Andrew Marshall , Georgia Tech , 77.1
OG : Zach Harmon , Duke , 81.0 ; Chris Lindstrom , Boston College , 74.2
C : Lucas Crowley , North Carolina , 82.1
ED : Antonio Simmons , Georgia Tech , 80.6 ; Trent Harris , Miami , 80.6 ; DeMarcus Walker , Florida State , 79.2
DI : Dexter Lawrence , Clemson , 81.7
LB : Micah Kiser , Virginia , 83.4 ; Joe Giles-Harris , Duke , 85.0 ; Michael Pinckney , Miami , 84.2
CB : Jack Tocho , North Carolina State , 89.1 ; Isaac Yiadom , Boston College , 89.5
TE : Ryan Izzo , Florida State , 75.7
S : Quin Blanding , Virginia , 84.5 ; Josh Jones , North Carolina State , 86.1
Big Ten — Josh Liskiewitz
QB : J.T . Barrett , Ohio State , 66.1
RB : Ty Johnson , Maryland , 79.0
WR : Ricky Jones , Indiana , 79.8 ; Brian Smith , Minnesota , 79.7
TE : Josiah Price , Michigan State , 85.1
OT : Brendan Mahon , Penn State , 86.5 ; Christain DiLauro , Illinois , 80.3
OG : Kyle Kalis , Michigan , 79.5 ; Jordan Roos , Purdue , 79.1
OC : Pat Elflein , Ohio State , 84.1
DI : Ryan Glasgow , Michigan , 86.4 ; Jake Replogle , Purdue , 82.8
ED : Ifeadi Odenigbo , Northwestern , 86.3 ; Duwuane Smoot , Illinois , 85.4
LB : Jack Cichy , Wisconsin , 86.8 ; Marcus Oliver , Indiana , 84.0 ; Jermaine Carter , Maryland , 81.8
CB : Jourdan Lewis , Michigan , 87.0 ; Isaiah Wharton , Rutgers , 86.4
S : Antoine Winfield Jr. , Minnesota , 85.8 ; Darnell Savage Jr. , Maryland , 85.1
Pac-12 — Jordan Plocher
QB : Davis Webb , Cal , 79.5
WR : Chad Hansen , Cal , 82.5 ; JuJu Smith-Schuster , USC , 81.8 ; Darren Andrews , UCLA , 79.1
OT : Trey Adams , Washington , 80.7 ; Cole Madison , Washington State , 80.1
OG : Cody O'Connell , Washington State , 83.4 ; Isaac Asiata , Utah , 81.5
C : Riley Sorenson , Washington State , 83.3
RB : Justin Davis , USC , 85.4 ; Royce Freeman , Oregon , 79.1
ED : Pita Taumoepenu , Utah , 86.6 ; Takkarist McKinley , UCLA , 83.4
DI : Eddie Vanderdoes , UCLA , 85.6 ; Hercules Mata'afa , Washington State , 84.4 ; James Looney , Cal , 83.4
LB : Cody Ippolito , Arizona , 83.3 ; Kenneth Olugbode , Colorado , 83.2
CB : Jonathan Lockett , USC , 87.8 ; Arrion Springs , Oregon , 81.7
S : Khari Vanderbilt , Cal , 81.1 ; Shalom Luani , Washington State , 78.8
Group of 5 — Zoltan Buday
QB : Greg Ward Jr. , Houston 87.6
RB : Kareem Hunt , Toledo 83.8
WR : Kenny Golladay , Northern Illinois 86.8 ; Gregory Hogan , New Mexico State 84.0
Slot : Linell Bonner , Houston 84.2
TE : Nigel Kilby , Eastern Michigan 79.2
OT : John Molchon , Boise State 83.2 ; Ryan Hunter , Bowling Green 79.7
OG : Will Hernandez , UTEP 87.0 ; Kevin Dotson , Louisiana 80.6
C : Will Kreitler , UNLV 87.3
ED : Rashad Dillard , Troy 87.6 ; Randy Allen , South Alabama 87.6
DI : Tueni Lupeamanu , Idaho 85.4 ; Ed Oliver , Houston 85.4
LB : Sean Folliard , Northern Illinois 91.2 ; Blair Brown , Ohio 88.4 ; James Bailey , Fresno State 85.3
CB : Jordan Wyatt , SMU 90.7 ; Jonathan Moxey , Boise State 84.8
S : Jaden Wright , New Mexico State 84.9 ; Nate Holley , Kent State 81.9
Norwich woman 's national victory in child protection campaign
Claire Riseborough ( left ) with Child Eyes co-founder Kathy McGuinness and MP Richard Bacon . Archant
A woman from Trowse and the campaign they co-founded have persuaded Tesco to make changes to their newspaper displays across the country .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
The Child Eyes campaign , which started in October 2012 , aims to stop sexualised , sexist and damaging images being displayed at child height in shops and public spaces .
Claire Riseborough , who co-founded the group with Kathy McGuinness , talked to Tesco directors about how it displays some headlines and the content on view to children , because the group felt that children were able to see headlines and pictures that were not appropriate .
A spokesperson for Child Eyes said the group were delighted with the outcome : “ Tesco has listened to the concerns of parents and adapted its approach to newspaper displays .
“ They will now only display the names of the newspapers along the sides of newly-designed display units , therefore ensuring that any inappropriate front pages are out of the eye-line of young children . ”
Tesco 's customer experience and insight director , Tracey Clements , said : “ As a parent myself , I recognise that newspaper front pages can sometimes have images that are inappropriate for young children .
“ We 've listened to Claire and the Child Eyes campaigners , and we 've also asked our customers what they think about this issue . The change we 're making to our display panels in our Superstore and Extra formats will strike the right balance for everyone . ”
Ms Riseborough , who runs their own property business , was first made aware of inappropriate content when their young son pointed it out to them at a local store .
After discussing their thoughts and opinions online , the campaign was born and is now run by volunteers .
And Ms Riseborough is hoping Child Eyes will have more to celebrate soon . They said : “ This is a real victory for the thousands of people who have got behind the Child Eyes UK campaign .
“ This year has also led us to meet with crime prevention minister Norman Baker at Whitehall during the summer along with Norfolk MP Richard Bacon .
“ Since then we 've received confirmation from the Home Office that supermarkets that display magazines and newspapers with sexualised front covers at child height are not observing current legislation in relation to the Indecent Displays Act 1981 .
“ I am now also working with the police in Norwich to see how the enforcement of the Indecent Displays Act 1981 can be properly implemented . ”
For more information about the Child Eyes campaign , visit http : //www.childeyes.org
Have you got a story to tell us ? Email rebecca.murphy @ archant.co.uk
Patrick Bateman : ( Looking at the business card ) “ Look at that subtle off-white coloring . The tasteful thickness of it . Oh my god… ”
I finally understood the full extent of Bateman 's jealousy recently when reading about the MVC Mini Profiler created by the Stack Exchange team . My eyes scanned all the features , and I started to lose my mind :
“ …live , instant feedback on the performance characteristics of the pages we are visiting – in production , ”
“ …ubiquitous , ”
“ …only visible to developers and has no noticeable impact on the site 's performance , ”
“ …drill-down on and share profile sessions , ”
“ …ajax calls are displayed as they happen , ”
“ …duplicate query detection , ”
“ …drop in module for any MVC project , ”
…my god , it even had a watermark .
As Jeff said , simply showing a render time for all pages can be critical
It really hit home for me when reading Sam Saffron 's post : “ No web frameworks seem to provide a comprehensive approach to page profiling out of the box. ” It 's true . This level of ubiquitous profiling baked right into all major web frameworks would really change the game . I decided I could n't live without something like mvc-mini-profiler any longer , so we just released gae_mini_profiler .
gae_mini_profiler is a drop-in , ubiquitous , production profiling tool for Google App Engine heavily inspired by MVC Mini Profiler . Since App Engine and MVC have so many fundamental differences , the tools are n't identical , and it 's not really a port as much as a ridiculously kindred spirit . If you want , you can play around with a gae_mini_profiler-enabled demo of GAE 's example chess app – in this demo case , the profiler is enabled for all users .
Taking a glance at one of our slower pages in production
I 'm confident that always having all of this data right in front of our developers as we browse around the live Khan Academy site will improve performance . I 've already noticed a few problems I did n't previously know about in just the first few hours after deploying .
AJAX calls stack up as they come in , ready for examination
You can dive deep on the details of each request
All props go to Jarrod , Sam , and probably the rest of the Stack Exchange team for blazing the path with mvc-mini-profiler and inspiring this tool . I borrowed ideas ranging from basic UI to dupe query detection to jQuery.tmpl usage to ajax request stacking to lots of other stuff I ca n't remember . The sizable differences in the tools really spawn from the type of data I get from Appstats and cProfile .
The project is obviously young , but any App Engine app should be able to drop it in quite quickly with minimal configuration . Instructions are at the repo , and I hope others find it useful .
Another close contest for the Browns saw a dramatic turn of events that proved to be decisive . But could it have been avoided ?
The NFL has reviewed the play in question -- a Duke Johnson fumble -- NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported , per a source informed of the process . Johnson emerged from the pile with the ball , but the officials ruled the Redskins recovered the fumble . In order to give the ball back to Cleveland , there would need to be video evidence of the player actually recovering the ball .
Trailing early in the fourth with the ball near midfield , Cleveland handed the ball to Johnson , who rushed past the sticks for what would have been a first down , had they held onto the ball . It was instead knocked out , forcing a scrum for the ball . Johnson emerged moments later with the ball in their hand , but the official signaled possession in favor of Washington .
Watch for yourself here :
It 's tough to understand how possession could be ruled in favor of Washington in such a short amount of time , especially with Johnson standing with the ball in their hand as a possession change was signaled . But as Rapoport reported , without conclusive video evidence to overturn the call and return possession to Cleveland , there was n't much the officials could do after the initial ruling .
`` The on-field ruling was a fumble , recovered by Washington , '' NFL spokesperson Michael Signora said Monday . `` It was confirmed as a fumble in instant replay without the need to stop the game . As to the recovery , several different angles were looked at , but with nothing definitive shown , there was no need to stop the game because the on-field ruling that awarded possession to Washington would have stood . ''
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) Investigators in Afghanistan are searching for an American and an Australian who were kidnapped in western Kabul , the city 's police chief told CNN .
The two men , lecturers at the American University of Afghanistan , were kidnapped Sunday evening when two gunmen stopped the car they were riding in , an Afghan security official told CNN .
One assailant broke the passenger-side window with their gun and took the two men away . A driver and bodyguard were left unhurt , the official said . The kidnappers were wearing military uniforms , the official said , but not the design and color of the official Afghan army uniform .
There has been no claim of responsibility .
The US Embassy in Kabul confirmed that an American citizen had been kidnapped near the university .
Embassy security officials are working with Afghan law enforcement and the school to assist in the investigation into the kidnapping , embassy spokesperson Susan C. Doman said .
A spokesperson at the Australian Embassy in Afghanistan has confirmed `` the apparent kidnappping of an Australian in Kabul . ''
`` We continue to advise Australians not to travel to Afghanistan because of the extremely dangerous security situation , including the serious threat of kidnapping , '' the spokesperson said .
Both the US and the Australian officials said they ca n't give more precise details because of `` privacy '' concerns .
Officials at the university could not be immediately be reached for comment .
On its Twitter account , the school describes itself as `` Afghanistan 's only private , independent and not-for-profit university . ''
The school said on its Facebook page that its Kabul campuses will remain closed Monday and Tuesday but did not explain why . Regional centers are operating as normal , the Facebook page said .
Attack last week injured tourists
The incident comes after six tourists were injured in western Afghanistan Thursday when a rocket struck the vans they were traveling in . The Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack , which occurred in Herat province .
The tourists were from the United States , Ireland , Britain and Germany .
Many countries , including the US and UK , have longstanding travel advisories warning against all but essential travel to Afghanistan due to the security situation throughout the country .
Two foreign aid workers with the International Assistance Mission were killed in the city of Herat in 2014 .
Heightened security fears
Violence has erupted across the central Asian country this spring and summer .
And a rash of kidnappings and Taliban bombings have heightened security fears in Kabul . US and other diplomats have been barred from traveling by road the short distance from the city 's international airport to their diplomatic missions . Instead , they 've been ferried by helicopter .
ISIS claimed a suicide attack July 23 in Kabul that killed at least 80 and wounded more than 200 during a protest by the Hazaras , a Shia minority group . The Hazaras are a Persian-speaking people who mainly live in central Afghanistan .
On June 30 , the Taliban claimed responsibility for two suicide bombings on a convoy of buses carrying newly graduated Afghan police officers just west of Kabul . The attack killed 30 officers and four civilians and wounded 60 , Musa Rahmati , the Paghman District chief , said at the time .
The group also claimed responsibility for an attack June 20 on a bus full of foreign security contractors , which killed at least 14 and wounded eight , said Seddiqi , the Interior Ministry spokesperson . Most of the victims were citizens of Nepal .
The distributed computation world has seen a massive shift in the last decade . Apache Hadoop showed up on the scene and brought with it new ways to handle distributed computation at scale . It was n't the easiest to work with , and the APIs were far from perfect , but they worked . People tried using this platform as the proverbial hammer to build solutions covering every facet of business that had problems scaling at a reasonable cost . It did n't take long for people to realize they should stop trying to use Hadoop MapReduce to solve every problem and to use the right tool for each problem . This was the beginning of the proliferation of new technologies . Or as I like to call it , the highly competitive age of distributed computation platforms .
What Matters
These days , competition is the cornerstone of distributed computing . The most important factors underpinning distributed computation platforms are their reliability and high availability support . Once users know their platform is stable , they turn to topics like security and recoverability . There are two more factors that come into play . Which is most important to you will likely be based on you or your company 's experience in this space :
Performance - This is an area that always bubbles to the top . Performance is typically the thing that gets people excited with any emerging technology . It is quite possibly the most important benefit when showcasing a technology to others .
- This is an area that always bubbles to the top . Performance is typically the thing that gets people excited with any emerging technology . It is quite possibly the most important benefit when showcasing a technology to others . Ease of use - This can manifest itself via a specific protocol , API , or industry standard . Leveraging simple to understand APIs allows developers to rapidly test and adopt new technologies . After the “ shininess ” of the new toy wears off , this bubbles up to be the most important factor .
When evaluating new and emerging technologies in the distributed computation space , each of these capabilities listed are very important . However , I think that performance and ease of use are factors that should be at the top of everyone 's list . Consider Apache Spark—when it came on the scene , the first thing that people latched onto was its performance . Shortly thereafter , people were talking about how easy it was to get started with it and to start building ETL pipelines . Then , conversations quickly turned to the ability to do stream processing on the same platform with virtually the same APIs .
There are multiple options for stream processing within the Apache Foundation , including Storm , Spark Streaming , Samza , Flink , and Apex ( incubating ) . This is quite possibly the most competitive space in distributed computing .
I have been speaking publicly on stream processing engines for well over a year now . Mostly my talks have revolved around use cases , processing models , and delivery guarantees , and ultimately nearly always ending up on performance and ease of use .
A year ago , Flink was out there and it was n't really getting a substantial amount of mindshare , as Spark has kept the industry abuzz . This last year , however , has been very kind to the Flink community . Flink has made tremendous strides forward in performance and ease of use .
Let 's discuss performance . When discussing stream processing engines , I like to remind people that making comparisons between engines without knowing the specifics that went into a specific benchmark tend to be fruitless . For example , exactly once is more expensive to implement than at-most once . Recently , an article was published that discussed a performance benchmark on Apache Flink that showed that it could handle 15 million events per second . In the article , it was pointed out that Flink 's exactly-once is superior in performance to Storm 's at-least-once . This goes to show that great performance can be accomplished with a great architecture .
Let 's discuss ease of use . This is an area where Flink really shines . Flink 's APIs are similar to Spark , which makes it easier for developers to learn Flink . If that were not enough , Flink also implements the Storm API . For anyone out there who has built applications on Storm , they can be run on Flink with relative ease .
Some of the more important features that help to reinforce Flink 's ease of use include :
Support for event time and out-of-order events
Exactly-once semantics for stateful computations
Windows over time , count , or sessions , as well as data-driven windows
Fault-tolerance via lightweight distributed snapshots
Flink General Availability
Just to be abundantly clear , I am still a fan of Apache Spark . Spark was founded on the notion of creating a better , faster , batch processing system . Shortly after that , stream processing was slapped on to it . While that is fine for some use cases , it is not real time , and it is not event-based . Apache Flink , on the other hand , was created as a stream processing ( DataStream API ) engine first , and then batch semantics ( DataSet API ) was added on top of its solid runtime foundation .
I 'm really excited about the future of Flink . To help substantiate my excitement , Flink has just announced the 1.0 GA release . As a part of this 1.0 release , the public interfaces are guaranteed to remain compatible across minor versions ( e.g. , 1.x ) .
There are a number of new features being introduced in this release . While Flink already supports the Kafka 0.8 API , it is also adding support for the Kafka 0.9 API . This means it will work with both Kafka and MapR Streams .
If you did n't think Flink could improve on its ease of use promise , this release also brings with it a Complex Event Processing ( CEP ) API . Here are some other new features that are important to consider in terms of ease of use :
Improved checkpointing control and monitoring
Savepoints and version upgrades
Enhanced monitoring interface : job submission , checkpoint statistics , and backpressure monitoring
Flink currently supports running on top of YARN , as well as from Apache Myriad on Mesos . The Flink roadmap contains Mesos support . This is particularly exciting , as it will give users the ability to leverage Flink across their entire datacenter .
Competition is forcing each project in this space to become the best version that it can be . One year ago , when I started learning about Flink , I was impressed with their roadmap and the tenets of their platform , but Spark was the project garnering the dominant mindshare . Flink chose to accept that competitive challenge head on . Looking at the landscape now , it is clear that Flink 's architectural foresight has paid off . This should come as great news to everyone in the big data community . In a technology space that seems quite crowded , Flink is blazing a new path . They have listened to the community and are delivering features that people want and need , and the other platforms are not quite keeping pace . As a matter of fact , I have little doubt that Flink is ready for primetime . Read Introduction to Apache Flink : Stream Processing for Real Time and Beyond to learn more .
Other resources :
SAN JOSE — With just weeks to go before a December deadline for compliance , medical marijuana providers are still balking at some of San Jose 's rules and city officials are offering to ease them .
Nineteen pot providers have been seeking to meet San Jose 's regulatory requirements by Dec. 18 . The rules , adopted in June 2014 , restrict pot stores to select industrial and commercial areas away from schools and parks and impose a host of security , tax payment and other requirements . Dispensaries that fail to meet the requirements by the deadline face closure .
But one rule in particular requiring pot stores to demonstrate that their marijuana is cultivated locally and not from collectives around the state remains a sticking point . City officials plan to ask the City Council to ease the rules Tuesday , allowing another five months for shops to sell through products obtained from “ third-party ” vendors and letting San Jose pot clubs buy and sell to one another .
Angelique Gaeta , an assistant to the city manager who oversees the medical pot program , wrote in a staff report that the proposed changes will “ provide those medical marijuana collectives that are working their way towards registration with greater flexibility and opportunity for success . ”
But Mayor Sam Liccardo says that that proposal needs more study . And marijuana providers say the olive branch does n't go far enough and are planning a City Hall rally Tuesday to drum up support for a ballot measure that would let city voters consider looser rules in 2016 .
“ I do n't care what the hell is motivating the mayor , ” said Oakland-based attorney James Anthony , who helped organize Sensible San Jose , a political committee that crafted a June 2016 ballot measure to replace the city ordinance with more relaxed regulations . “ We are going to rouse the troops and generate public awareness . … It 's time to give up on the city and go to the voters . ”
The current rules require San Jose medical pot collectives to cultivate their own weed either on-site or at a single off-site location within Santa Clara County or neighboring counties . Gaeta said this “ vertical integration ” model helps track the weed from “ seed to sale ” to prevent diversion to kids , black-market sales and find the source of bad batches of marijuana .
But pot clubs say that rule makes it hard to keep up with demand since it takes months to harvest the weed . They add that the rule also makes it difficult for stores to offer “ edibles , ” such as ice cream and cookies , that come from collectives around the state and are preferred by patients who do n't want to smoke the marijuana .
City officials say the proposed changes would ease the burden of meeting demand under the new model . In addition to allowing the shops to transfer pot among themselves and to dispense weed they have on hand from third-party vendors for five months after the Dec. 18 deadline , other suggested revisions include :
Allow collectives to manufacture marijuana at their dispensaries or an off-site location with more space .
Allow the transportation of marijuana from one site to another from 6 a.m. to midnight .
Decrease the length of time surveillance video must be stored from 90 days to 30 days to reduce dispensary costs .
Require collective owners and employees to wear badges issued by police to show they 've been fingerprinted and had a criminal-background check .
Rockland County Haredi Yeshiva Students Get Free Childcare At Government Expense
Shmarya Rosenberg • FailedMessiah.com
A free childcare program meant to help unemployed or marginally employed New York State parents find and keep decent jobs is being used by haredi yeshiva students to pay for their children 's childcare , the Journal News reported .
Rockland County Social Services ( RDSS ) administers a child care program meant to provide temporary assistance for needy parents who are actively looking for work or who have jobs . The program has a long waiting list – as of this week , 381 families with an estimated 700 children – and no additional families can get free childcare until a family currently getting that benefit leaves the program .
RDSS issued a ruling banning haredi kollel ( advanced yeshiva ) students from getting free childcare from that program because the stipends they receive from their yeshivas is not the same thing as actually looking for a job or working .
The ruling was issued after state auditors noticed that FICA taxes were not taken from the yeshiva student 's “ wages ” and found that they did not qualify as employees .
Three haredi kollel families challenged that RDSS ruling , and this week a state administrative hearing judge ruled their yeshiva study counts as work , and ordered RDSS to reinstate those families to the program .
Administrative Law Judge Joel Dulberg ruled the students were paid student employees despite the fact that the yeshiva did not take FICA or any other taxes from their “ wages. ” Eligibility for child care subsidy is based on both parents receiving wages at a level equal to or greater than the minimum wage ( or actively seeking work ) , Dulberg said .
While Dulberg 's ruling was for those three specific families , dozens of other kollel families may now be able to get free childcare as a result .
RDSS has reportedly asked for a rehearing before another judge .
`` These are full-time students who study for hours a day and they say they have to be available for a certain number of hours to answer questions from people . For us , they are not employees . My thought is it just does n't pass the smell test . If this is not an abuse [ of the program ] , it 's clearly a misuse . At the very least the employer needs to deduct FICA , ” RDSS Commissioner Susan Sherwood told the Journal News .
The three kollel families who successfully challenged the RDSS ruling received $ 52,450 in the 10 months they were in the program before being declared ineligible .
Those three kollel families ( along with most of the other kollel families ruled ineligible ) also receive Medicaid , Food Stamps and heating allowances .
One of those three kollel families reported an annual income of $ 22,499 in 2013 . But that same kollel family received $ 32,073 in child care subsidies , plus $ 29,742 in Medicaid and $ 7,908 in Food Stamps , that year , as well – a total of $ 92,222 . This family has four children .
The second family reported a $ 15,120 income , while receiving $ 5,535 in child care subsidies , as well as $ 25,060 Medicaid and $ 9,048 in Food Stamps – a total of $ 54,763 . This family has four children .
The third family reported an annual income of $ 19,944 , with $ 14,843 in child care subsidies , plus $ 16,283 in Medicaid and $ 6,612 in food stamps – a total of $ 57,682 . This family has three children .
Sherwood told the paper that some families have been receiving free childcare for 20 to 30 years – effectively blocking other needy families from getting help .
The three kollel families claimed that while they study all or most of the day , they are paid to be available to answer religious questions .
[ Hat Tip : Devorah . ]
Moscow-based next generation cryptocurrency platform Byteball has made available an online bot store and P2P insurance for all users . The new bot store provides users with various apps with integrated chatbot interface , such as cryptocurrency exchange , flight delays oracle , sports oracle , and others created by independent developers .
Unlike traditional blockchain-based cryptocurrencies , Byteball has no blocks , hence no block size issues . Byteball uses a technology known as Directed Acyclic Graph ( DAG ) , which bypasses scalability issues that often hamper other cryptocurrencies . With DAG , every new transaction references several previous transactions , ( known as parents ) by including and signing their hashes . By including its parents , each new transaction also indirectly includes and confirms all the previous parent transactions , dating back to the original transactions . As more transaction information gets added after a particular transaction , the number of confirmations registered by that particular transaction will continue to grow . This system creates a snowball effect of transactions , accurately reflected by the name , Byteball .
Byteball 's bot store offers bot developers a great level of exposure while giving consumers an easy-to-use platform to access cryptocurrency powered apps . The bot store is similar to a traditional app store , except that users can start using chatbot based apps free of charge . With the new bot store , developers can quickly develop and publish apps that offer various services through a chat interface , thanks to tight integration of chat feature with payments and smart contracts .
In addition , chatbots also bring smart contracts closer to end-users by automating their creation . The user only needs to accept the smart contract to use the app 's service . In the interest of fluidity and mass adoption , Byteball has maintained these contracts very simple and easy to read , for the benefit of regular users .
Byteball 's primary , real-world P2P application relates to prediction markets , specifically insurance . The recently launched flight delays oracle is one such example , capable of posting live information about flight delays . The information can then be used in P2P insurance to get paid if the insured flight was delayed .
Similar to the flight delays oracle , the Byteball sports oracle posts information about results of football matches and the information can then be used in P2P sports betting smart contracts . Other markets in which these oracles can be utilized includes insurance for weather events , investment ratings , and news .
Sadly , the benefits of P2P technology have so far been underutilized . Byteball aims to change it by applying the very technology to real-world scenarios in the interest of all consumers . A clever integration of P2P technology in the field of prediction insurance markets , combined with the groundbreaking new bot store will offer the industry a glimpse of the full potential of what cryptocurrencies can achieve .
Byteball Byteball is an initiative of a Moscow , Russia-based development team . The innovative cryptocurrency uses DAG instead of the conventional blockchain , eliminating scaling issues . Byteball is a complete cryptocurrency ecosystem launched on Christmas day , 2016 .
8 years ago
Washington ( CNN ) - Senate Democrats , anxious to reign in what they consider abuse of the filibuster by Senate Republicans , will formally propose changes Wednesday to how and when senators can use the stalling tactic . However , Senate leaders – using their own procedural smoke and mirrors - will postpone votes on the proposals until late January at the earliest as they negotiate possible compromises to the politically contentious issue , according to Senate leadership aides from both parties .
Frustrated by Republicans ' escalating use of the filibuster , to stall even routine legislation and nominations , a group of Senate Democrats , led , in part , by first-term Sen. Tom Udall of New Mexico , is trying to build support for a wide-range of proposed Senate rule changes that would curb the use of filibusters but not ban them entirely .
When the Senate convenes Wednesday , Udall will introduce one or more their proposals . Typically , a Senate rule change requires a super majority of 67 yes votes , something that will be difficult for Democrats , with their narrow 53-seat majority , to achieve . However , on the first legislative day of a new Congress , a simple majority of senators , just 51 votes , can approve new rules .
Republicans , who for a variety of reasons oppose most of the proposed changes , do n't dispute that Democrats can change the rules with just 51 votes on the first legislative day but an exasperated GOP leadership aide noted that `` we 've just never , ever '' done it that way .
Not all Democrats support the changes either . Some senior members , who have seen control of the Senate switch back and forth , are reluctant to weaken the treasured rights provided to minority party in the Senate .
Because negotiations need time to play out , Senate leaders wo n't adjourn after Wednesday 's session during which new members will be sworn in . Instead , the technical `` legislative day '' will be extended through at least January 24th when senators return from a two-week break . Doing so allows Democrats to preserve their ability to pass the reforms with just 51 votes if negotiations break down .
Republicans say they 've increased the number of filibusters only because Democrats have repeatedly blocked their amendments , preventing GOP input on many key bills .
`` Over the past four years , Democrats have used such gimmicks to pursue their most prized legislative goals while attempting to minimize the number of uncomfortable votes they 've had to take , '' Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell wrote for a Washington Post op-ed to be published Wednesday . `` My Democratic counterpart in the Senate , Harry Reid , has played quarterback , setting records for the number of times they have blocked Republicans from having any input on bills , cut off our right to debate and bypassed the committee process in order to write bills behind closed doors . ''
Udall is considering four key proposals as part of the resolution they will offer . One would prevent filibusters to taking up a bill or on a nomination , although it will still allow filibusters to end debate on a bill . A second would eliminate so-called `` secret holds '' in which a senator can anonymously stall legislation or a nomination from coming to the floor . A third would require senators leading a filibuster stay on the floor and debate the issue during the entire filibuster .
A fourth proposal from Udall is aimed at appeasing GOP concerns about being locked out of the process . It would require a certain number of amendments for the minority party for any bill being debated .
Sen. Tom Harkin and other senators are expected to offer other proposals as well Wednesday .
This is not the first time the Senate has extended its first legislative day to take advantage of the lower vote threshold required to change Senate rules , according to the Senate Historian Don Ritchie .
The longest legislative day ran from January 3rd to June 12th , 1980 when then Senate Majority Leader Robert Byrd , D-WVA , successfully negotiated other changes to the Senate 's filibuster rules .
( CNN ) Brandon Stanton , the blogger and photographer behind the popular project `` Humans of New York , '' denounced Donald Trump as `` hateful '' in an open letter on Monday , charging the Republican primary front-runner with seizing on racial division and religious prejudice to advance their campaign .
`` I 've watched you retweet racist images . I 've watched you retweet racist lies . I 've watched you take 48 hours to disavow white supremacy . I 've watched you joyfully encourage violence , and promise to 'pay the legal fees ' of those who commit violence on your behalf , '' Stanton said , explaining why they chose to go public with their concerns despite trying `` my hardest not to be political . ''
The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request to comment .
Stanton began `` Humans of New York , '' an online compilation of viral photographs and personal interviews with city dwellers begun , in 2010 . Three years later , they cataloged their work in a New York Times bestselling book .
In 2015 , Stanton traveled to Turkey and Jordan , where they met with a series of refugee families as they sought to leave the region for the United States .
Read More
Ottawa police have arrested two men in what is now believed to be the drug- and robbery-related pathway slaying of 23-year-old Carleton University international engineering student Tausif Chowdhury .
Police arrested John Ruch , 19 , and Steve Kozielo , 18 , both of Ottawa , late Friday evening and into early Saturday morning , the Citizen learned .
They appeared in court via video Saturday morning and were jointly charged with one count of manslaughter and one count of robbery .
Chowdhury , originally from Bangladesh , was found stabbed and beaten on the Sawmill Creek Pathway the morning of Nov. 27 . Police believe they were killed the night before in what is now being treated as a drug deal gone horribly wrong .
Friends of the electrical engineering student , who was to resume full-time classes in January , called them a brilliant but humble student and generous friend . They said they left the Cotters Crescent rental home they shared with four other men around 9 p.m. on Nov. 26 to withdraw cash from their bank account .
Police believe they withdrew the money to buy marijuana from a drug dealer they had planned to meet on the footpath .
It 's not known just how much cash the young man had on them at the time they were attacked . Police believe the attack was targeted and a robbery was planned , but do n't believe Chowdhury 's alleged attackers intended to kill the young man described by their friends as fun-loving and adventurous .
The next morning around 7 a.m. , two cyclists found Chowdhury 's lifeless and bloodied body on the pathway , which lies between the South Keys OC Transpo station and the Airport Parkway . Police located Chowdhury 's backpack and a hammer , possibly used in the beating , nearby .
While their group of fellow international student friends knew Chowdhury worked hard in school , they also knew they enjoyed their free time on the weekends . Some of them had been worried about the kind of company they were keeping after moving back to Ottawa after a year studying in Windsor and Kingston .
They said they did n't know why they would have been on the path , except to meet someone .
Both Ruch and Kozielo attended Gloucester 's Norman Johnston Secondary Alternate Program , an alternative high school geared toward assisting students who have had trouble earning credits in a traditional classroom setting to learn independently under the direction of a teacher .
Ruch , a former Canadian Tire employee , has the words “ Respect ” and “ Honesty ” tattooed in bold lettering on their right and left forearms . “ Two virtues to have in life , ” they commented on a picture of the tattoos they posted on Facebook .
The congregation at the Ottawa Mosque performed Chowdhury 's funeral prayer just one week ago . Their friends gathered outside the mosque said they just wanted justice . Chowdhury 's body was flown to Bangladesh on Monday .
syogaretnam @ ottawacitizen.com
twitter.com/shaaminiwhy
A man who went on a Madrid television show to profess their love and propose marriage to their estranged girlfriend , only to be rejected , is now a suspect in their murder . Ricardo Navarro , 30 , got down on their knees , crying and offering an engagement ring to their former partner during a popular daytime talk show , Diario de Patricia on the network Antena 3.The 30-year-old Russian woman , only known as Svetlana , rejected their proposal and was found four days later with their throat cut in the elevator of their Alicante apartment building.The televised meeting attended by Svetlana was arranged at Navarro 's request as a surprise for their ex-girlfriend so they could try to make up with them They might have thought the surprise was going to be a visit from a Russian relative , a network official said.Sadly , it sounds like network officials helped Cupid 's arrow go a little more than astray.Photo by Sontra
Labels : Antena 3 , Diario de Patricia , proposal , Ricardo Navarro , TV
We can be almost totally assured , after months of almost daily leaks to the press by anonymous executive branch sources , that Democrats would be leaking evidence of Trump malfeasance from the Special Counsel investigation by now if they had something . Yet we have heard nothing .
Yes , that Special Counsel . The one set up as a result of James Comey illegally leaking their infamous memos ( we know there are at least 4 at this point ) and packed with attorneys that represented and donated to Hillary Clinton and other Democrats .
And if the Washington Post had given the Democrats and Obama when they were President the same scrutiny used to report on Watergate , we would all be aware that something much bigger than a “ third-rate burglary ” had gone on in the process of trying to assure the victory of their party 's candidate in the November 8 presidential election .
Pavlova is not just for summertime ! This festive rosewater pavlova with syrup-soaked figs is perfect for the winter festive season .
I must confess I have been feeling very lazy since finishing work last week . Like I want to be on holiday – from cooking as well as blogging ( and from cleaning the house and doing laundry but that 's not news ) .
I have also felt a tad uninspired too – unless the inspiration is cocktail-related because that is on full force at the moment . So I have been reading books ( remember books ? I have n't had a chance to read anything that does n't contain recipes for yonks ) and binge watching TV ( Flesh and Bone has me torn – too dark , but the ballet sequences are gorgeous ) and taking it easy . Even my online grocery order was forgotten – which meant that we got a turkey , some potatoes and whole bunch of booze since I neglected to amend it in time .
But yesterday I finally got up determined to make a proper list of the food I will be serving over the holidays and in doing so I got more and more excited about cooking… This resulted in me making a pavlova base late last night and this rather glorious dessert today : festive rosewater pavlova with syrup-soaked figs and pomegranate .
The pavlova is flavoured with rosewater , orange and lemon zest and topped with ricotta whipped cream , syrup-soaked figs , pomegranate seeds and toasted almonds . It looks rather spectacular but does n't actually require much effort . What it does require is a little planning since the base needs to bake for rather a long time and cool completely before adding any toppings . I advise making the base and the syrup-soaked figs in advance then adding all the toppings just before you are ready to serve .
Take a look at these Pavlova and meringue recipes
Festive Rosewater Pavlova with Syrup-soaked Figs and Pomegranate Lucy Parissi | Supergolden Bakes Pavlova is not just for summertime ! This festive rosewatewe pavlova with syrup-soaked figs is perfect for the winter festive season . 5 from 1 vote Print Prep Time : 15 minutes Cook Time : 1 hour Total Time : 1 hour 15 minutes Servings : 8 Ingredients For the syrup-soaked figs juice of 1 large orange strained
150 g | 5.3oz caster sugar
3 tbsp runny honey
1 tsp rosewater
seeds scraped from small piece vanilla pod
8 ripe but firm figs quartered For the pavlova 4 egg whites 120g | 4.2oz
240 | 8.5oz caster sugar
1/2 tbsp cornflour cornstarch sifted
1 tsp rosewater
1/2 tsp cream of tartar
zest of one lemon and one orange For the ricotta whipped cream 290 g | about 10oz | small carton cold double cream
150 g | 5.3oz icing sugar
2-3 heaped tbsp ricotta cheese
1/2 tsp rosewater To serve seeds from 1/2 pomegranate
handful flaked almonds or roughly chopped pistachios
a little icing sugar to dust Instructions Make the syrup-soaked figs . Put all the ingredients apart from the figs in a small pot . Bring to the boil and then simmer for about 10 minutes until the syrup thickens slightly . Skim any foam that forms on top .
Add the figs and then bring to the boil again . Reduce the heat and cook for a couple of minutes until they have softened slightly .
Transfer the figs to a container and keep chilled until needed . Strain the syrup and keep chilled . You will have more syrup than you need but it is gorgeous used in other desserts or even in cocktails in place of simple syrup .
Make the pavlova . Preheat the oven to 150C ( 300F ) . Trace a large rectangle on a piece of baking paper then place on a heavy baking tray , pencil side down .
Put the egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of your stand mixer . Mix together until a little frothy . Mix the sugar and zest together in a bowl .
Whisk on full speed until you have soft peaks and then continue whisking while gradually adding the sugar a spoonful at a time . Continue whisking until all the sugar is added and then sprinkle in the rosewater . Whisk away until the meringue is stiff and glossy and the sugar is completely dissolved . Sift the cornflour over the bowl and fold in .
Reduce the oven temperature to 120C ( 250F ) . Spread the meringue inside the marked rectangle on the tray and bake for 45 minutes to an hour . Turn the oven off , leave the door slightly ajar and let the meringue cool completely for a few hours or , preferably , overnight .
Place the double cream and icing sugar in the bowl of your stand mixer . Whisk until you have soft peaks , add the ricotta and rosewater and continue whisking until you have firm peaks .
Toss a large handful of flaked almonds in a frying pan and dry fry over medium heat until slightly toasted . Set aside to cool .
Spread the whipped cream over your pavlova base and then add the figs . Scatter with with the pomegranate seeds and toasted almonds . Spoon a little over the reserved syrup over the pavlova , dust with a little icing sugar and serve . Notes Please take care when transferring the pavlova base from the oven tray to a suitable platter as it is rather delicate and prone to breaking . I used a cake lifter to aid the process . Tried this recipe ? Mention @ supergolden88 or tag # supergoldenbakes
FOLLOW ME ON SOCIAL MEDIA
The former L.A. County sheriff 's deputy who came up with the name `` Operation Pandora 's Box '' for the scheme to block a federal investigation into civil rights abuses at Men 's Central Jail was sentenced Monday to 18 months in prison.James Sexton , a former Eagle Scout who earned their master 's degree at USC last year , was found guilty of conspiracy and obstruction of justice in September . It was the 30-year old Alabama native 's second trial . Jurors in their first trial were `` hopelessly deadlocked '' - and unable to reach a verdict . Prosecutors decided to retry Sexton after winning convictions against six of their co-defendants in a separate trial.Outside court Monday , Sexton and their attorney Tom O'Brien declined to comment.Prosecutors referred to Sexton as the `` least culpable '' of those indicted for their roles in the operation to hide inmate-turned-federal informant Anthony Brown from their FBI handlers . Co-conspirators Greg Thompson , Steve Leavins , Gerard Smith , Mickey Manzo , Scott Craig and Maricela Long , were sentenced in September to terms ranging from 21 months to 41 months in prison.Prosecutor Brandon Fox was asked by Eyewitness News what message they hope the case sends to other law enforcement personnel . `` That you should cooperate with our federal grand jury investigations . If you do n't cooperate with them and you obstruct those investigations , you will be held accountable and you will go to prison , '' says Fox.Sexton 's case was made more complicated and fascinating to courtroom watchers by the fact that they cooperated initially with the FBI and federal prosecutors . They testified before the grand jury twice , provided documents and had 37 `` documented contacts '' with federal investigators as they put their case together . The FBI provided Sexton with a cell phone so they could communicate with them confidentially . Text messages between Sexton and an FBI agent indicate there was some concern for Sexton 's safety as the case unfolded . In an unusual move , Sexton was allowed to keep two of their firearms after their indictment.Defense attorney Tom O'Brien told Judge Percy Anderson in court Monday that Sexton made a `` critical mistake '' by going along with the scheme , a decision that was out of character for the deputy who 'd been on the job for less than three years . O'Brien says Sexton put themselves in danger by helping prosecutors with their case . `` He stepped up and put themselves in the crosshairs of being indicted and they are , '' says O'Brien.Prosecutors countered that Sexton 's cooperation `` meant nothing at the end of the day '' because they did not testify in court against their co-defendants . Court documents suggest that Sexton 's `` cooperation '' fell apart after they were asked twice to wear a wire that might capture conversations between higher-ups in the Sheriff 's Department . Sexton 's father , a longtime friend of then-Sheriff Lee Baca , was about to start a new job working as Baca 's Chief of Homeland Security . Sexton refused to wear the wire . `` He did come in and talk to us on a number of occasions , but again , they were not a witness for us . They were not helpful to us , '' says Fox who referred to Sexton in court as `` very complicated and complex . `` Testimony throughout the three trials indicates that Sheriff Lee Baca and Undersheriff Paul Tanaka were regularly briefed about the operation and did not raise any questions about how it was being handled . Defense attorneys argued that all seven of the defendants were merely following orders from their higher-ups , including Baca and Tanaka . `` I 'm not going to comment on who we are going after and who we have n't gone after . As we mentioned in court many times , this is an ongoing investigation , '' says Fox . `` We still have a lot going on . We have not finished our Men 's Central Jail investigation . `` Sexton was one of about a dozen LASD deputies who guarded Anthony Brown over several weeks in the summer and fall of 2011 after Brown was linked to the FBI . Brown , a career criminal awaiting trial for armed robbery , was providing information to the FBI on alleged civil rights abuses inside Men 's Central Jail.Brown 's name was changed , their records jacket was hidden and computer records were altered to make it appear that Brown had been released from LASD custody . Defense attorneys argued that Brown was moved for their own safety because he 'd been outed as a `` snitch . `` Prosecutors used Sexton 's own testimony to the grand jury against him . Sexton likened the department 's handling of Brown to a `` kidnapping , '' and colorfully described the how they decided to `` break out the smoke and mirrors '' to keep Brown hidden away.Judge Percy Anderson told Sexton in court Monday that despite their privileged upbringing and a supportive family , he 'd lost the ability to distinguish right from wrong . Anderson denounced Sexton for being `` totally unrepentant '' and `` refusing to accept responsibility . `` `` For anybody to take the position that there was no harm to society is just flat-out wrong , '' says Anderson.Before today 's sentencing , attorneys for Sexton filed paperwork asking for a lighter sentence , including letters of support from dozens of friends , family members and former co-workers . Among those writing in support of Sexton were an L.A. County Deputy District Attorney , a retired CIA official , a Captain in the U.S. Special Forces , a Green Beret and the President of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.Attorneys also submitted dozens of awards and commendations Sexton received while on the job , including one from LAPD Charlie Beck for Sexton 's role in reducing gang violence through their work in the jails.Sexton is expected to surrender to federal prison on or before February 16 , 2015 .
Wiley 's Twitter profile reflects their new position , and Google confirmed the move , but declined to share details as to when or why it occurred , or who will replace Wiley in their former role . What 's clear is that Google has invested a major design talent in VR . As head of Search , Wiley refined the mobile experience , while turning long lists of links simple cards of information .
When Google Cardboard launched a year ago , many interpreted it as a promotional gimmick , incapable of competing with higher tech competitors . But the platform may turn out to have legs . Sure , it 's essentially a Viewmaster made of paper . It 's also the most democratic virtual reality headset we 've seen yet . Over half a million units have shipped , likely because it 's a mere 2 % to 3 % of the price of its closest competitor , the Samsung Gear VR ( also a headset adapter that slots in a smartphone ) , which runs $ 250 .
Google
And who better to run the world 's most democratic VR platform than the designer of Google 's most democratic product , search ? Everyone 's grandma knows how to Google something , yet under Wiley , Google Search has continued to remove tiny points of friction standing between a user and their data . Under Wiley , Google added cards that pulled relevant information straight out of search results . As they put it to me last year , “ Google is very well known for its strong computer science , algorithms , and all the things we do in terms of solving really big hard-to-scale problems . [ But ] I do n't think quite as much attention has been paid to the other side of Google . We 're really focused on making simple and useful experiences—but also beautiful experiences . ”
VR desperately needs those “ simple and useful ” experiences . As of today , VR hardware like Oculus Rift is a technological wonder , with high-resolution screens that fire pixels , coordinated with your head movements , to feel real . But how do you walk around in a VR game ? How do you touch a VR button ? What does a menu or file system look like in an immersive , 3-D environment ?
Alice Truong for Fast Company
“ People are trying to invent the display part , and they 're not yet worrying properly about the UI , ” John Underkoffler , creator of the famous Minority Report interface , explained in a recent interview , citing a general lack of urgency across the industry . “ No one has a UI for it . So that puts VR pretty much in the position of being a playback mechanism. ” In other words , without UI , virtual reality is just going to be a very nice way to watch a relatively typical movie . Users need a whole new language to really interact with it .
Here 's hoping Google Cardboard tasks Wiley with scripting that future .
Tander and Davison tame Mount Panorama
Updated
Holden 's Garth Tander and Will Davison have won the Bathurst 1000 , ending Ford 's three-year winning streak at Mount Panorama .
The lead changed throughout the day , but in true Bathurst fashion it all came down to the final lap and it was the Holden Racing Team duo of Tander and Davison who crossed the finish line in front , clocking six hours , 40 minutes and 2.4884 seconds .
It was a clean sweep for Holden , with Jason Richards and Cameron McConville finishing second and Lee Holdsworth and Michael Caruso in third .
Holdsworth beat Greg Murphy in a photo finish , by .004 of a second .
For the Ford duo of Craig Lowndes and Jamie Whincup , their record breaking fourth win ended in fifth place .
It is the second win for 32-year-old Tander , who last won in 2000 with Jason Bargwanna .
Davison , 27 , celebrated their maiden triumph on the mountain .
Tander says the team had a perfect race in tricky conditions , with rain falling in parts of the 161-lap , 1,000 kilometre enduros .
`` Certainly after the dramas we 've had the last three or four years , to come here and actually have it all go to plan , and have no dramas throughout the race and throughout our lead-up , it just shows what the team is capable of doing , '' they said .
Davison says it will be hard to top the feeling they have today .
`` This is up there with anything and you do n't just forget about this tomorrow , this is something that will be with you forever , '' they said .
The win is the first for Holden in three years and it is the first time a Holden has won since the death of Holden legend Peter Brock in 2006 .
Tander says it is an honour to bring the Peter Brock Trophy `` back home '' .
`` I was driving the HRT car the weekend we were here after Peter passed away and there was a lot of expectation on us that weekend , '' they said .
`` It did n't turn out , so to finally bring it home is a fantastic feeling and one that I 'm really proud to share with Will . ''
Davison 's win helped cut the margin between them and V8 Supercar series leader Whincup to 93 points .
Ford Performance Racing pair Mark Winterbottom and Steven Richards were forced out of the race on lap 50 when their car caught fire after a battery came loose and ruptured a fuel line .
Winterbottom was in the vehicle when the incident occurred , with rival team fire crews helping extinguish the blaze .
Winterbottom was taken from the car uninjured .
Topics : australian-touring-cars , sport , motor-sports , bathurst-2795 , australia , nsw
First posted
As many of you know by now , pharmacy united to form the Patient Access to Pharmacists Care Coalition ( PAPCC ) and to pursue provider status for pharmacists through the recognition of pharmacists ' services in federal legislation . Today , we made a major leap forward with the introduction today of a bill in the House to amend Title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of pharmacists ' patient care services ( H.R . 4190 ) .
We thank Reps. Brett Guthrie ( R-KY ) , G.K. Butterfield ( D-NC ) , and Todd Young ( R-IN ) for introducing legislation that will enable patient access to , and payment for , Medicare Part B services by state-licensed pharmacists in medically underserved communities . A title will likely get added to the bill later in the process .
I often get questions from pharmacists who are n't quite sure why we should make such an effort to seek recognition of pharmacists and their services in the Social Security Act . From a tactical perspective , there are battles to be fought to get into restricted networks , to sustain your business ( when razor thin margins get cut further with arbitrary MAC cuts ) , to maintain access to pharmaceuticals that your patients need when your supply chain or federal agencies make it challenging . And each of these is a critical battle that often determines whether the pharmacy doors open tomorrow or not .
Meanwhile , on a strategic level , we have a medication use crisis in this country and you , as pharmacists , are poised and trained to help ! Our health care system spends billions of dollars fixing problems from suboptimal drug therapy . Nearly all pharmacy has united as the PAPCC to gain the recognition that gets us on the team and in the game ! This is a long term , strategic effort that must be pursued vigorously if patients are to use their medicines successfully , AND if our profession is to be relevant in an evolving health care system .
We must deploy our highly trained pharmacists to help improve medication use , and the pathway is through coverage and payment of pharmacists ' patient care services in the Social Security Act . Simply , Americans , especially the medically underserved , need access and coverage for their pharmacists ' quality patient care services . APhA applauds all the pharmacy organizations , stakeholders , and our congressional champions who are uniting and focused on passage of federal legislation that gives our public that access . If we are successful , everyone wins , including patients , team-based health care , and payers . The evidence shows that when pharmacists are included in medication management , costs go down and quality improves .
A united profession has asked Congress to put us in the game , and we are ready to serve . In the coming weeks , stay tuned on specific ways we need your engagement . We need your membership in pharmacy organizations , and we need your political activism . Your profession REALLY NEEDS YOU !
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. • Before embarking on the offseason intent on recasting the middle of their club 's lineup , Cardinals executive John Mozeliak took a detour to Las Vegas to discuss , in person , with Dexter Fowler one move the team does n't plan to make and one move it probably will .
Over dinner in the city Fowler calls home in the offseason , Mozeliak assured the outfielder that the team had no interest in trading them this winter , but come spring training they should be prepared for a possible move from center field to a corner position , such as left field . Mozeliak wanted to be sure the veteran , who has played all but one inning of their big-league career in center , understood the team 's thinking and how they saw a way to improve the defense .
“ I wanted to meet with them face to face , ” Mozeliak confirmed Tuesday at baseball 's general managers ' meetings . “ First off , I enjoy their company . Secondly , I did not want them to be hearing or reading about things that may or may not happen to him . I wanted them to know that they were not someone we were looking to trade . I did want them to understand that we may ask them to play a different position .
“ I wanted to get their thoughts . ”
The Cardinals continue to circle possible deals for a new “ middle-order hitter , ” as Mozeliak said Tuesday , and many of the market 's best options play the outfield . The Cardinals have engaged in talks with the Miami Marlins about slugger Giancarlo Stanton as well as outfielders Christian Yelich and Marcell Ozuna . The Cardinals have no interest in the bidding expected to break out for free agent J.D . Martinez , but they have had internal discussions about Carlos Gonzalez , a free agent and a lefthanded hitter , which appeals to them .
Other options for that hitter the Cardinals want can be found on the infield , possibly if Toronto makes third baseman Josh Donaldson available for trade or if the Cardinals pursue free-agent first baseman Eric Hosmer .
Mozeliak said their staff has “ a lot of different balls in the air , ” and as a result the Cardinals have prepared a few core players for position shifts . Whether the Cardinals acquire an outfielder or not , they want to explore improving the defense by playing Tommy Pham in center and shifting Fowler . Manager Mike Matheny has also talked with Matt Carpenter already this offseason about preparing to play a variety of positions — and how the All-Star could be an everyday player without an everyday position . Both veterans , Mozeliak and Matheny said , were open to the changes .
“ Whenever your club is looking to improve , ” manager Mike Matheny said Tuesday near the lobby of the Waldorf Astoria Orlando , “ you never know where that improvement is going to come . ”
• CHAT Q- & -A : Rick Hummel at the GM meetings
These conversations are a shift from the Cardinals ' stance just a year ago , when stability was a buzzword .
It was at the same GM meetings last fall that the Cardinals described the importance of giving a one-position promise to Carpenter , and that they would be the first baseman . A few weeks later , the Cardinals signed Fowler to a five-year , $ 82.5 million deal with a no-trade clause . Their intent was to have them be their fixture as center fielder and leadoff hitter , the two signature traits of their career .
Fowler has never started in the field at a position other than center , and two-thirds of their plate appearances in the majors have been as a leadoff hitter . At their introductory news conference , Fowler , 31 , described the importance playing center and proving they could handle the position into their mid-30s . They reiterated similar views during the season , and even as they moved out of the leadoff spot into the middle of the order stressed that they preferred batting first .
As they talked in Las Vegas , Mozeliak wanted candor from Fowler , and that included discussing where they would like to hit in the order .
“ He did like the leadoff spot , ” Mozeliak said . “ But they also recognized they had a lot of success wherever you put him . In the end they want to help us win . ”
Although hampered by leg and foot injuries throughout the season , Fowler had a career-high 18 homers and 64 RBIs for the Cardinals , and they slugged .488 with a .851 OPS , both higher than any season other than one they called Coors Field home . In 30 games batting third or fourth for the Cardinals , they went 44 for 148 ( .297 ) with a .486 slugging percentage . Those same injuries — bone spurs , hamstring soreness , knee pain — slowed them in center , and Mozeliak said the veteran did n't offer more details about how limited they felt in center .
According to the plus-minus rating calculated by Bill James Online , Fowler had a career-worst minus-37 , down from a plus-2 with the Cubs in 2016 . By contrast , Pham was a plus-2 in center for the Cardinals as Fowler 's sub . Pham 's 10 Defensive Runs Saved in left ranked third at that position .
“ I think there were times when people are trying to grind it out , and maybe the right answer is take the extra few days to get yourself 100 percent , ” Mozeliak said . “ We had a tough season last year . We were trying to find a way to get over the hump , and I think everybody had an all-hands-on-deck approach . But I think ( Fowler ) realizes in hindsight they probably pushed themselves a little too fast .
“ When you look at putting our best defensive foot forward , ” Mozeliak concluded , “ I think them giving us that flexibility made the most sense . ”
In 2016 , Carpenter started at least 35 games each at second , first , and third base , and though they started this previous season at first they played third toward the end of the year with an injured shoulder to free up playing time for Jose Martinez . Coming out of the 2016 season , some players had approached management about having some certainty in their roles , their positions , their spots on the order . The Cardinals complied with a few commitments . This fall , players have been receptive to versatility .
In addition to Carpenter , the Cardinals could shift Jedd Gyorko and rookie Paul DeJong around to other positions to accommodate an addition or strengthen the defense . Gyorko has played third and second . While Mozeliak is eager to keep DeJong at shortstop , the rookie is also proficient at third and second .
The Cardinals are receiving interest from teams about the outfielders they have on their roster , and they have explored deals involving Randal Grichuk , Stephen Piscotty , and some of the younger , rising outfielders . Mozeliak made it clear Tuesday and in their conversation in Vegas with Fowler that the roster is n't set , and that moving Fowler from center is only a possibility they wanted the veteran to know about . Once some moves have been made for the roster , it will be clear if a move will be made in the outfield .
Matheny said he 's not yet plotting out who will play where during spring training , except that Carpenter will play a little bit of everywhere and Fowler knows they could be somewhere other than center .
“ Prepare accordingly , ” Matheny said . “ Wait and see how the rest of this winter plays out and take it from there . ”
Anthony Taylor ( 1-1 ) has revealed via their Instagram that they will face undefeated Irishman James Gallagher ( 4-0 ) in the co-main event of the BAMMA and Bellator collaboration show at the 3Arena in Dublin , Ireland on 16th December 2016 .
Update ( 27th Oct. ) : Bellator MMA have officially announced the bout
“ Yes people the rumors are true ! ! ! ! Anthony pretty boy taylor will be fighting @ james1gallagher . And he 's going to wish they never fought a grown man with power like mines ! ! ! we are here baby ! ! ! Co-Main event bellator 169 in Dublin Ireland , December 16th live on spike tv bellator ! ”
Gallagher made a successful Bellator MMA debut earlier this year when they won a dominant decision over Mike Cutting in London in July 2016 .
Taylor has fought both of their professional bouts in Bellator MMA and won their last outing against Victor Jones by TKO back in May 2016 .
The card will be headlined by Muhammed ‘ King Mo ' Lawal against Japanese heavyweight Satoshi Ishii .
TORONTO – A seventh inning without peer in Toronto Blue Jays history , if not baseball history , started on a play as bizarre as they come , one that left a crew of veteran umpires and replay officials in New York struggling to untangle the mess . It led to an official protest , a buoyant crowd of 49,742 turned unruly mob littered the field , and put the Texas Rangers in position for a travesty of a victory in Game 5 of the American League Division Series .
Only then , a tainted win unravelled , spectacularly , quickly , decisively . Three straight errors loaded the bases . After a fielder 's choice force at home , a looper just past second base tied the game , even if there was another force out on the play . And then Jose Bautista secured themselves a spot in franchise lore with one of the biggest home runs in team history , a three-run laser beam that secured a remarkable 6-3 victory that sent the Blue Jays to the American League Championship Series .
This was n't just a game – it was an experience , one worthy of a book , and a documentary . Even that , with the Blue Jays becoming just the sixth team to rally back from an 0-2 deficit in the division series , might not be enough . The Kansas City Royals , 7-2 winners over the Houston Astros , await .
“ Everything that happened kind of led to that big moment with the home run , and that 's what made it fun , obviously , because we won , ” said Bautista . “ It was unbelievable competition . Everybody was trying to win for their team , and you see it on a slide at second base , a reaction after a strikeout , a reaction after a base hit and that 's what baseball 's all about . Just play with your heart , play with emotion and just try to win . ”
The drama did n't stop at the home run . The dugouts emptied twice before the seventh ended , Rangers reliever Sam Dyson , angry over Bautista 's epic bat flip , barking at Edwin Encarnacion as they tried to calm the crowd down to trigger the first time , the right-hander tapping Troy Tulowitzki after a foul pop up for the third out to trigger the second .
“ There 's a lot of tension , both teams are trying to win , ” said Blue Jays manager John Gibbons . “ I mean , this is do-or-die . Teams that get to this point , a big part of the reason is because they 're great competitors . They 've got fire inside of them . Sometimes that happens , and both teams are a perfect example of that . ”
The Rangers tried to rally in the eighth . They put two on with one out against Aaron Sanchez . Roberto Osuna took over , and struck out Josh Hamilton and Elvis Andrus .
In the ninth Rougned Odor lined out before Mike Napoli and Will Venable both struck out .
A joyous mob scene followed on the field . These things do happen in Toronto sports .
“ Crazy , ” said general manager Alex Anthopoulos . “ There would be times in the third , fourth , fifth innings , I 'd stare at the crowd , stare at the ( AL East championship ) banner and try to remind myself , ‘ Hey , we wanted this , win or lose , it 's a good moment for Canada , for the fans , for the organization . ' I kept trying to remind myself to enjoy it . ”
For a long time it was hard for the Blue Jays and their fans to do that .
But the elation followed the frustration and fury .
It started with two outs and Odor on third in a 2-2 game in the top of the seventh . Russell Martin 's relay back to the mound , the kind that takes place hundreds of thousands of times each regular season without incident , struck Shin-Soo Choo 's bat and deflected down the line .
“ He did n't do anything wrong , it was either they 're lucky or we 're unlucky , ” said Martin .
Alertly , Odor hustled home , even as home-plate umpire and crew chief Dale Scott signalled that the play was dead . Scott ordered Odor back to third , only to be awarded home again after a conference in the middle of the infield .
“ That was my mistake , ” Scott told a pool reporter . “ I was mixing up two rules and I called time , but then it started clicking . I went wait a minute , wait a minute , there 's no intent on the hitter . He 's in the box , the bat 's in the box . So to make sure I 'm on the right page , I got everybody together and that 's what we had . If there 's no intent , if he 's not out of the box , that throw 's live . And after talking , that runner would have scored . Even if I had not called timeout , they were on their way , so we scored the run . ”
Fans pelted the field with beer cans , rally towels , peanuts – basically anything not tied down . Manager John Gibbons , in their second discussion with Scott , said they planned to protest prompting a rule check with replay officials in New York . The umps then consulted with both managers . The run stood .
The Blue Jays protested , their front office officials scrambling upstairs to interpret the rules and prepare their case . They would have lost if it got to that point . The relevant rule reads : “ If the batter interferes with the catcher 's throw to retire a runner by stepping out of the batter 's box , interference shall be called on the batter under Official Baseball Rule 6.03 ( a ) ( 3 ) [ former OBR 6.06 ( c ) ] . However , if the batter is standing in the batter 's box and they or their bat is stuck by the catcher 's throw back to the pitcher ( or throw in attempting to retire a runner ) and , in the umpire 's judgment , there is no intent on the part of the batter to interfere with the throw , the ball is alive and in play . ”
That 's where things landed .
“ The ( replay officials ) just told me what the rule was , ” said Scott . “ Then my interpretation was there was no intent and they are n't out of the box . That was my judgment to make sure I had the rule correct , which we did . My judgment was then there was no interference , they score . ”
The Blue Jays regained their composure in the bottom half of the frame , with some help from the Rangers .
Martin , Kevin Pillar and Ryan Goins , bunting to advance the runners , each reached on errors . Ben Revere 's grounder to first led to a force at home for the first out , pinch-runner Dalton Pompey taking out catcher Chris Gimenez 's legs .
Josh Donaldson 's flare just over Odor 's head allowed Pillar to score although Revere was forced at second . Dyson took over from Cole Hamels . Bautista pummelled a 1-1 , 97 mph heaters over the wall in centre field .
“ At the time everyone is kind of pissed , it 's a play that you never see , ” Goins said of the feeling in the dugout before the bottom half started . “ When we came to the dugout after the third out , we just rallied around each other , that 's how this team is , we 're a tight-knit group and that 's what we 're about , overcoming adversity and that 's the most adversity we 've faced all season , coming that late in the game . To have a rally like we did and Jose hit the big homer , it 's the epitome of our team coming together as one , and everybody having each other 's backs . ”
Bedlam ensued . The Rogers Centre was the loudest it 's been since Joe Carter 's World Series winning homer in 1993 .
“ I was telling those guys in my mind there was no way the game was going to end like that , not to worry about that , just go out and play , ” said R.A. Dickey . “ There 's no way a baseball game like this is going to hinge on Russell Martin hitting Choo in the batter 's box with a baseball . There 's no way that 's going to happen . Sure enough that next inning those fluky errors happened , and here we are . ”
The Blue Jays had tied the game 2-2 in the sixth , when Hamels unwisely chose to pitch to Encarnacion , who smashed a 93 mph fastball laser into the second deck in left field .
“ Sometimes you 've got to be patient , concentrate 100 per cent because you know they 're not going to throw you anything close , ” said Encarnacion . “ I tried to stay aggressive in that AB , they missed a little bit in and I took a good swing . ”
Goins saved a run in the top half of the frame with more of their defensive wizardry , sliding to their right to pick an aggressive hop on Elvis Andrus 's chopper up the middle and relay to first .
“ That 's what I 'm here for , to play defence and do my part , ” said Goins , who slides on such plays to stop their momentum and allow them to make a strong throw . “ Especially with a great runner , if I had kept running it would have been an off-balance throw . Sliding and popping up quick helps with a fast runner and getting the ball over quick . ”
That pushed Marcus Stroman , an integral part of Blue Jays ' future , through six strong innings . The 24-year-old was followed by 22-year-old Aaron Sanchez , who recorded four outs , and the 20-year-old Osuna , who got the final five outs .
“ The composure of the three of them is just unbelievable , ” said pitching coach Pete Walker . “ I ca n't say enough good things about them . Their competitiveness and the way they stay even keeled , it 's remarkable .
“ It was kind of the blueprint going in , best-case scenario . … To get through that game with three guys , we have David Price rested , we did n't have to use Marco Estrada today , we 're in a great position moving forward . ”
They fell behind 1-0 in the first when Delino DeShields doubled on a biteless 1-2 slider to open the game , advanced to third on Choo 's groundout and scored on Prince Fielder 's chopper to first , cleverly evading Martin 's tag .
Choo added on another in the third , turning on an 0-1 heater and sending it over the wall in right , again silencing the crowd .
The Blue Jays struck back in the bottom of the inning , as Revere bounced an infield single off Hamels ' glove , moved to second on Donaldson 's groundout and scored on Bautista 's double .
Hamels wanted no part of Encarnacion , who took two balls and then got two more intentionally . Colabello nearly cork-screwed themselves into the ground swinging at the first pitch , and eventually grounded out to end the frame .
Things were tight from there until the madness set in , in one the wildest games in franchise history . As Donaldson said , “ The game of baseball , if you try to figure it out you 'll drive yourself crazy , you look at what happened tonight , there 's a lot of crazy people out there . ”
Yet the Blue Jays are now going to the American League Championship Series , their wild and crazy adventure living on .
Super Mario Run , the highly-anticipated Nintendo game that will launch exclusively on Apple 's iOS to start , will start showing up in the App Store sometime between 1PM ET and 1:30PM ET today .
Apple had said earlier this fall that the game would launch on December 15th , but the timing was unknown . Some people took that to mean exactly at midnight pacific time on December 15 , as Recode points out here , and have been tweeting that they 're still waiting for the game to populate the App Store .
In the meantime , you can check out our hands on with the game or read our interviews with famed Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto in the months leading up to the launch .
Update , 12:35PM ET : Some iPhone users tell us they are now able to download the game in the App Store . Lucky them .
THE bottle of Maalox sat perched on the triage desk in the emergency room . It was mint flavor , or maybe lemon — I do n't recall exactly — but it shimmered temptingly . I had just finished with a new admission , and my stomach had been groaning ominously for hours . It was after midnight , the whole night was still ahead of me , and I was getting desperate . I scribbled the last of my medication orders and snagged the Maalox bottle , popping the top and chugging two revolting capfuls on my way to the elevator .
As I rode upstairs , I could feel the intestinal protestations growing . There was going to be an apocalyptic resolution to this . The elevator opened and I burst into the restroom , just in time to disgorge the Maalox and everything else into the toilet , conscientiously keeping my white coat and stethoscope clear of the fray .
I staggered into the call room and flopped onto the couch . My fellow resident listened to my tale of gastrointestinal woe and did what any residency buddy would do : they slid an 18-gauge IV into my antecubital vein and strung up a bag of IV saline . I spent the pre-dawn hours prostrate on the couch doing phone work — renewing medications , answering calls from nurses , ordering labs — while my colleagues did the foot work on the wards and in the emergency room . Together we kept everything running .
After morning rounds , I caught a few hours of sleep at home , showered , and then reported back to the hospital at 10 p.m. for my next shift .
Matt Brown does n't train like other UFC fighters . They do their strength and conditioning with legendary gym Westside Barbell , which has produced more elite-level powerlifters than any other training facility – but they do n't do much squat and benching . Louie Simmons , the owner of the Westside , explains why this means the top ten-ranked welterweight is much , much stronger than they look .
The problem with MMA training
I see a lot wrong with MMA . I mostly see fighters being trained by other fighters . If you want to be an expert weight trainer , you have to have an expert weight trainer coaching you . If I wanted to learn how to beat somebody up , I would n't go to a powerlifter – I 'd go to a fighter .
Arms are n't everything
The most common mistake I see fighters making is training their arms to increase punching power . If you want to punch harder , it does no good to strengthen your arms . A good fighter throws punches with their whole body , so I get them to build up their hips and their legs and abdominals to develop that rotation .
Getting specific
I get Matt to do long , gruelling five-minute rounds with one-minute rest periods , because that 's what they do in fights . It 's called exercise specificity . If they fight a 170lb [ 77kg ] man , we have to have them train with a mass and resistance equivalent to 170lb . It 's about building muscular endurance .
Hard work pays off
In terms of specific exercise , I 'll have Matt pulling heavy sleds or pummelling while wearing a weighted squat belt – anything that forces them to maintain that workload with that kind of equivalent resistance . I once watched [ former UFC lightweight champion ] BJ Penn preparing for a fight , and their coaches were getting them to throw punches holding 5lb [ 2.3kg ] dumbbells to build muscular endurance . What happened in their next fight ? They ran out of muscular endurance . Their opponent weighed 155lb [ 70kg ] – that 's the kind of resistance they should have been working with .
Forget the cardio
We do n't do any specific cardio . A true fighter maintains their cardio through doing jiu jitsu , wrestling , Muay Thai and so forth .
UFC Fight Night : Brown vs Silva takes place on Saturday 10th May . Early prelims start at 11:30pm exclusively on UFC Fight Pass and continue from 1am live on BT Sport
For more from Louie Simmons , click here
Zombification is a marked improvement to vampirism in my opinion . Bella Swan should have been trying for this all along .
Well I drew Edward Cullen as a zombie it was only fair and inevitable that I would draw Bella as a zombie .
Ah ha ha ha , it 's so much fun to make fun of people who are more successful than me… better looking… have… more… money ..
Damn it ! I hate them so much ( Shakes fist in helpless jealous rage )
Before you send hate mail ( Although I am Highly amused when I get those so do n't stop ) yes I have read Twilight . For the Record I do n't hate it , I do n't love it either . I thought it was just okay . But at the same time I realize that as a typically insensitive male these books were not written for me . It was written for women like my wife , and they love it . That 's cool… I guess . ( Resentment )
First of all if I had written Twilight there would have been considerably more car chases , zombies , and midgets… .. Great Cthulhu I love midgets ! ! ! If you do n't love midgets your a liar . Remember “ Willow ” the best movie ever ! Way better than Twilight . Also rewriting Bella as a zombie would be fun . Think of the very very few changes I would have to make to their character . Easy .
….K I have to apologize . Look it 's late and I 'm toasted on a weee bit more decongestant than I really should have taken . But I refuse to self edit ! That involves hitting the backspace key and I just wo n't do it .
One day I 'm going to meet Stephanie Myer and they are going to beat the crap out of me ! Justifiably so too .
The Pittsburgh Penguins have activated defenseman Kris Letang from injured reserve , according to an announcement by the team on Tuesday afternoon .
Letang has been out of the lineup since sustaining a lower-body injury against the Boston Bruins on March 17 . The unspecified injury has forced Letang to miss three games .
More : PensBurgh
During morning skate , Letang stated that they were a game-time decision for Pittsburgh 's game against the Montreal Canadiens and Josh Yohe of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review stated on Twitter that Letang appeared as though they were going to play .
While the team has yet to officially announce their status for the contest , their activation from injured reserve improves the odds that they will be playing .
In order to make room for Letang , the team assigned defenseman Simon Despres to the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League . In 24 games this season , Despres had registered two goals and five assists for seven points .
More in the NHL :
• Oilers should use offer sheets
• Printable bracket for March Madness
• NCAA hockey bracket analysis
• All the NHL trade rumors
• The best of our hockey network
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE trails Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE by 2 points in the latest NBC News/SurveyMonkey weekly tracking poll .
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump , who gained 2 points in the last week , now trails Clinton 47 to 45 percent in the poll released Tuesday morning .
Clinton 's results are unchanged since last week .
The online poll of 12,969 registered voters , conducted between May 23 and May 29 , has a margin of error of 1.2 percentage points .
Clinton leads the billionaire by 1 point in the RealClearPolitics index of national polls .
— This report was updated at 7:09 a.m .
December 13 , 2017 | News Brief | If you add more lithium to the positive electrode of a lithium-ion battery , overstuff it , in a sense , it can store much more charge in the same amount of space , theoretically powering an electric car 30 to 50 percent farther between charges . But these lithium-rich cathodes quickly lose voltage , and years of research have not been able to pin down why , until now .
After looking at the problem from many angles , researchers from Stanford University , two Department of Energy national labs and the battery manufacturer Samsung created a comprehensive picture of how the same chemical processes that give these cathodes their high capacity are also linked to changes in atomic structure that sap performance .
“ This is good news , ” said William E. Gent , a Stanford University graduate student and Siebel Scholar who led the study . “ It gives us a promising new pathway for optimizing the voltage performance of lithium-rich cathodes by controlling the way their atomic structure evolves as a battery charges and discharges . ”
Michael Toney , a distinguished staff scientist at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and a co-author of the paper , added , “ It is a huge deal if you can get these lithium-rich electrodes to work because they would be one of the enablers for electric cars with a much longer range . There is enormous interest in the automotive community in developing ways to implement these , and understanding what the technological barriers are may help us solve the problems that are holding them back . ”
The researchers studied the cathodes with a variety of X-ray techniques at SLAC 's Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource ( SSRL ) and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 's Advanced Light Source ( ALS ) . Theorists from Berkeley Lab 's Molecular Foundry , led by David Prendergast , were also involved , helping the experimenters understand what to look for and explain their results .
The cathodes themselves were made by Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology using commercially relevant processes , and assembled into batteries similar to those in electric vehicles .
“ This ensured that our results represented an understanding of a cutting-edge material that would be directly relevant for our industry partners , ” Gent said . As an ALS doctoral fellow in residence , they were involved in both the experiments and the theoretical modelling for the study .
Like a Bucket Half Empty
Batteries convert electrical energy to chemical energy for storage . They have three basic parts : two electrodes , the cathode and the anode , and the liquid electrolyte between them . As a lithium-ion battery charges and discharges , lithium ions shuttle back and forth between the two electrodes , where they insert themselves into the electrode materials .
The more ions an electrode can absorb and release in relation to its size and weight , a factor known as capacity , the more energy it can store and the smaller and lighter a battery can be , allowing batteries to shrink and electric cars to travel more miles between charges .
“ The cathode in today 's lithium-ion batteries operates at only about half of its theoretical capacity , which means it should be able to last twice as long per charge , ” said Stanford Professor William Chueh , an investigator with the Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Sciences ( SIMES ) at SLAC .
“ But you ca n't charge it all the way full . It 's like a bucket you fill with water , but then you can only pour half of the water out . This is one of big challenges in the field right now , how do you get these cathode materials to behave up to their theoretical capacity ? That 's why people have been so excited about the prospect of storing a lot more energy in lithium-rich cathodes . ”
Like today 's cathodes , lithium-rich cathodes are made of layers of lithium sandwiched between layers of transition metal oxides , elements like nickel , manganese or cobalt combined with oxygen . Adding lithium to the oxide layer increases the cathode 's capacity by 30 to 50 percent .
Connecting the Dots
Previous research had shown that several things happen simultaneously when lithium-rich cathodes charge , Chueh said : Lithium ions move out of the cathode into the anode . Some transition metal atoms move in to take their place . Meanwhile , oxygen atoms release some of their electrons , establishing the electrical current and voltage for charging , according to Chueh . When the lithium ions and electrons return to the cathode during discharge , most of the transition metal interlopers return to their original spots , but not all of them and not right away . With each cycle , this back and forth changes the cathode 's atomic structure . It 's as if the bucket morphs into a smaller and slightly different bucket , Chueh added .
“ We knew all these phenomena were probably related , but not how , ” Chueh said . “ Now this suite of experiments at SSRL and ALS shows the mechanism that connects them and how to control it . This is a significant technological discovery that people have not holistically understood . ”
At SLAC 's SSRL , Toney and their colleagues used a variety of X-ray methods to make a careful determination of how the cathode 's atomic and chemical structure changed as the battery charged and discharged .
Another important tool was soft X-ray RIXS , or resonant inelastic X-ray scattering , which gleans atomic-scale information about a material 's magnetic and electronic properties . An advanced RIXS system that began operation at ALS last year scans samples much faster than before .
“ RIXS has mostly been used for fundamental physics , ” ALS scientist Wanli Yang said . “ But with this new ALS system , we wanted to really open up RIXS for practical materials studies , including energy-related materials . Now that its potential for these studies has been partially demonstrated , we could easily extend RIXS to other battery materials and reveal information that was not accessible before . ”
The team is already working toward using the fundamental knowledge they have gained to design battery materials that can reach their theoretical capacity and not lose voltage over time .
The research was funded by the DOE Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy 's Vehicle Technologies Office and by Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology Global Research Outreach Program .
Tuesday 14 March 2017 19:00
Virtus.Pro c'est l'histoire d'anciens de Counter-Strike 1.6 qui ont rencontré un duo de jeunes talents pour former une équipe incontournable de la scène . Un mélange impeccable de skill et d'expérience qui sait toujours se sortir de mauvaises passes et remporter des événements au moment où on ne les attend pas forcément . Retour sur cette line-up qui , en quelques années , s'est forgée une réputation et qui possède une énorme fanbase .
Ce cinq là a été créé en octobre 2013 suite aux départs de Mariusz `` Loord '' Cybulski et Jakub `` kuben '' Gurczynski , mettant fin au Golden Five , une formation légendaire au palmarès impressionnant sur 1.6 qui a dominé la scène pendant des années . Les trois survivants , Wiktor `` TaZ '' Wojtas , Filip `` NEO '' Kubski et Jaroslaw `` paszaBiceps '' Jarzabkowski , intégraient alors Janusz `` Snax '' Pogorzelski et Pawel `` byali '' Bielinski en provenance de DELTA et GF Gaming , pour rejoindre la structure Universal Soldiers . Si les résultats n'étaient pas exceptionnels , vous pourrez constater que cela va vite changer .
Résultats sous le tag Universal Soldiers :
3/4 . EMS RC One Fall
2 . Techlabs Cup
9/16 . DH Winter 2013
Seulement deux mois après être arrivés chez Universal Soldiers , les Polonais quittent la structure car celle-ci ne pouvait plus subvenir à leurs besoins . Ils décident alors de jouer sous le célèbre tag AGAiN en attendant de trouver chaussure à leur pied . Ils rentrent tout de suite dans le vif du sujet en remportant les SLTV StarSeries VIII
Résultats sous le tag AGAiN :
1 . SLTV StarSeries VIII
En début d'année 2014 , l'organisation russe Virtus.Pro décide de parier sur l'équipe polonaise en la prenant sous son aile . C'est là que va commencer l'incroyable périple des cinq ogres d'Europe de l'Est . Ils vont commencer par remporter les IEM Katowice chez eux , devant un public entièrement acquis à leur cause , avant de tomber aux portes de la finale des Fragbite Masters 2 , terminant à la troisième place . Ensuite , ce sera une succession de bons et de mauvais résultats qui attendra les Polonais .
Mais au final , ce qu'il faut retenir c'est que les numéros 1 de Pologne semblent jouer les ligues online pour s'entrainer mais sans vraiment se donner à fond . Ainsi , ils tâtent le terrain et sont prêts à mettre des headshots lors des grosses LAN . Si vous regardez les résultats ci-dessous , vous verrez qu'ils ont toujours fait fort lors des événements offline , surtout les majors et ceux qui offrent le plus de cash au vainqueur . C'est comme ça que TaZ et NEO sont les deux joueurs ayant touché le plus d'argent sur CS : GO depuis la sortie du jeu .
Résultats sous le tag Virtus.Pro :
1 . EMS Katowice 2014 5/8 . IEM San Jose 1 . ESEA XVIII 2 . CPH Games 2014 3/4 . GO : Champion League 2 3/4 . FACEIT League 2015 5/8 . Dreamhack Summer 2014 5/6 . IEM Katowice 2016 3/4 . Alienware Area51 1 . Gfinity 3 5/8 . MLG Columbus 5/6 . Gfinity Summer 3 . Game Show League 3/4 . CEVO S9 7/8 . FACEIT League 2015 2 6 . SLTV StarSeries XI 3/4 . ESL One Cologne 2016 5/6 . GO : Champion League 3 . ESWC 2014 13/16 . SL i-League 2 3/4 . ESL One Cologne 2015 3/4 . Dreamhack Winter 2014 2 . ESL One New York 1 . ESL ESEA Pro League Dubaï 1 . TaKeTV Invitational 5/8 . ELEAGUE 2 3 . Counter Pit League 3/4 . ESL One Katowice 2015 2 . ELEAGUE major 1 . Crown 's Invitational 5/6 . SLTV StarSeries XII 7/8 . IEM Katowice 2017 1 . CEVO S8 7/8 . ESL Pro League 3 . Fragbite Masters 2 3/4 . FACEIT League 3 5/6 . CS : GO Championship Series 4 . SLTV StarSeries IX 7/8 . Dreamhack Leipzig 2 . Gfinity Spring 2 3 . ESEA XVI 3/4 . Counter Pit League 2 9/12 . Fragbite Masters 4 5/8 . ESL One Cologne 2014 5/8 . Dreamhack Malmö 3/4 . ESL ESEA Pro League 3/4 . Hitbox Arena 3 1 . SL i-League Invitational 1 . CEVO S7 3/4 . FACEIT League 2 1 . ELEAGUE 5/6 . Game Show League 2 3 . Fragbite Masters 3 1 . Dreamhack Bucarest 4 . Gaming Paradise 2 . ESEA XVII 2 . EPICENTER 3/4 . Gfinity Championship 4 . IOS Pantamera 3 . WESG 2 . PGL League 3 . Gfinity Spring 1 . Dreamhack Masters Las Vegas 5/8 . Dreamhack Cluj 1 . CPH Games 2015
Sur 65 événements offline depuis leur création , 89 % de présence dans le top 5 !
Ce qu'on peut dire de cette équipe , c'est qu'elle a su travailler et se remettre en question afin de tutoyer les sommets , traversant les bons comme les mauvais moments de la meilleure des façons , en prenant du recul . Des débuts chez Universal Soldiers jusqu'au top niveau chez Virtus.Pro , ces cinq joueurs sont restés soudés et ont fait un travail conséquent sur eux-mêmes et sur leur façon de jouer , de manière à évoluer et atteindre le niveau qu'on leur connait aujourd'hui . Les Polonais sont de vrais bosseurs et ça se ressent à chaque compétition importante . Car à chaque fois le constat est le même : la formation ne fait plus de résultats pendant quelque temps et le major d'après on la retrouve dans le dernier carré , déjouant les pronostics et infligeants de lourdes défaites à ses concurrents .
Là où nombreuses seraient les équipes à changer de joueur à chaque mésaventure , les Polonais ne font aucun changement . Cette habitude n'est pas récente pour NEO & Co. En effet , ils nous avaient déjà habitués à ça sur 1.6 quand le Golden Five était aussi une preuve de stabilité puisque ce cinq magique avait perduré , remportant ainsi quasiment toutes les compétitions sur l'ancien opus pendant une longue période malgré une grosse concurrence . Aujourd'hui , Astralis , SK Gaming , Natus Vincere et bien d'autres se battent pour la première place mais on n ' a trop souvent tendance à oublier que Virtus.Pro attend sagement et que elle aussi peut terminer sur la plus haute marche .
Le public polonais est impressionnant
Cette faculté à toujours savoir comment renverser la vapeur et cette stabilité exemplaire sont peut être à l'origine de l'engouement qu ' a le public pour le géant polonais . Car , qu'on apprécie ou pas cette formation , il faut reconnaître qu'elle a une énorme fanbase . Cela vient certainement aussi des caractères bien différents des joueurs et de leurs qualités distinctes .
Là où NEO est réputé pour être une légende et certainement le meilleur joueur de tous les temps , TaZ impose le respect par son fair play hors du commun : on se souvient tous de la demi-finale perdue face à fnatic lors de l'ESL One Cologne , où le public polonais sifflait l'équipe suédoise au moment de l'interview de Olof `` olofmeister '' Kajbjer . TaZ était alors intervenu pour prendre le micro et demander au public de respecter les Suédois et leur belle victoire méritée . Il y a aussi pasha qui a changé son pseudo en `` paszaBiceps '' et qui est devenu une icône grâce à son imposante musculature , sa sympathie et son humour ( 227 302 followers ) .
Le jeune byali , bien que moins mis en avant , sait aussi satisfaire la foule et sortir son équipe de situations perdues d'avance . Quant à Snax , leader de l'équipe , outre sa sympathie , il nous offre également de superbes performances individuelles et une intelligence de jeu rare .
Snax , une intelligence de jeu hors du commun
D'après le site eSports earnings , la structure a récolté 2 270 454 $ grâce à ses équipes CS : GO dont 2 236 097 $ avec cette line-up . Elle se place donc en première position devant fnatic ( 2 051 023 $ ) et EnVyUs ( 1 776 446 $ ) . Cela expliquerait l'amour que porte Anton Cherepennikov , CEO de Virtus.Pro , à ses cinq joueurs . En effet , il a été le premier à offrir à une formation des contrats d'une durée de quatre ans et des salaires de 25 000 $ par mois . Il a aussi récemment acheté une Mercedes classe E à TaZ pour le remercier d'être à ses côtés depuis tant d'années .
Pour conclure , Virtus.Pro c'est de la stabilité , du travail et des personnalités attachantes . Si fnatic a dominé la scène pendant plusieurs mois de fin 2015 à avril 2016 , puis SK de juin à novembre 2016 , c'est VP qui s'impose comme le seul `` cinq '' à savoir gagner sur le long terme . Bravo !
Snapshot Games 's Phoenix Point Fig campaign has reached its conclusion , and the team has surpassed the $ 500,000 funding goal .
At the crowdfunding campaign 's conclusion , Snapshot Games has raised $ 765,858 for Phoenix Point 's development , meaning one of the game 's stretch goals was also met . The completed stretch goal was drivable vehicles .
As with most funding campaigns , contributors of certain amounts ( or more ) are granted access to bonuses they can use either in the game or as physical collectibles . The highest bonus figure in the campaign is a contribution of $ 4,000 . Among this high donation 's benefits are early access to Phoenix Point , an Alien chitin armor set in-game , signed collector 's edition , a day at the Snapshot Games haven , and more . More details about the campaign 's results are available here .
Phoenix Point is a fusion of Fallout and Xcom . Featuring turn-based tactics from the original XCOM series creator , the game sports “ world based strategy against a terrifying , alien menace. ” The game takes place in the relatively near-future , beginning in the year 2022 when something known as the Pandoravirus mutates ocean life into something alien that invades the land .
When players take control of their cell of the Phoenix Project in the year 2057 , the game 's present day , they will be tasked with finding out what happened to the project 's other cells while combating the alien threat . During their journey , gamers will employ turn-based tactics ; fight different types of aliens ; combat bosses ; and develop their squads with new talents , weapons , and equipment . In addition , Phoenix Point 's environments are destructible , and the game 's “ Geoscape ” gives players a strategic view of the game world 's situation . Through Geoscape , users will plan their next move , from missions and exploration to research and scavenging .
OnlySP will be reporting more developments on Phoenix Point and all things single-player as they occur . To stay in the know , bookmark OnlySP and follow the site on Facebook and Twitter .
How to get started with the Diabetic Retinopathy project
Thomas Denizou Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 8 , 2017
A few months ago , I decided to begin work on my first machine learning project using Tensorflow , a powerful machine learning framework created by Google .
Tensorflow , the uberamazing software package . ( Courtesy of the Tensorflow website )
What resulted was the Diabetic Retinopathy screening project , which can take a retinal image , run it through an algorithm , and give you a pretty good idea if an eye is showing signs of diabetic retinopathy , an ocular disease that manifests as a result of diabetes , and is one of the leading causes of blindness .
A retinal image , much like the ones used in this project .
In this post , I will walk you through a tutorial on what each file in the project does , and how to use it . All of the code in this project is written in Python , so make sure you know the basics of Python and Tensorflow before attempting this tutorial .
Disclaimer : This project and software should not be used in a real world scenario . I am not a physician , and this is not going to definitively tell you whether you have an ocular disease . Do n't be stupid , and do n't trust your wellbeing or someone else 's wellbeing in a random computer program you found online .
Also , if you want to try out the algorithm behind this project without all the Python and stuff behind it , I would recommend you check out the retinopathy-server or retinopathy-desktop repositories , as they are much easier to use and require very minimal knowledge of Python .
Anyway , cue the tutorial .
This is a gross oversimplification of how Tensorflow and machine learning works . If you want to know this works in detail , I suggest the Tensorflow for Poets tutorial by Google , which is available here : https : //codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/tensorflow-for-poets/index.html . The algorithm and files contained in this repository and that tutorial is quite similar , and that will also guide you through some stuff that I 've decided to leave out of this tutorial . A further part of this tutorial is contained in the repository , under the “ documentation ” directory in a file called “ retrain.md ” .
This algorithm uses a few different files , so let 's walk through them .
Definitions
arch.py — this is one of the main files . It takes a list of retinal images ( contained in a CSV file ) and runs the algorithm ( contained in labelimage.py ) to classify the images as either showing signs of diabetic retinopathy , or clear of it .
labelimage.py ( not to be confused with label_image.py ) — subroutine that takes an image and runs it through the graph file in order to classify it ( retrained_graph.pb )
retrained_graph.pb — the heart of the algorithm . This contains the methods that Tensorflow uses to classify an image . Open it , and you 'll find a bunch of binary stuff . ( If you want to retrain the algorithm , see retrain.md in the repository )
label_image.py — this file allows you to classify an image without preparing a CSV list . It 's helpful if you want to just test one file rather than something like twenty .
retrain.py — see retrain.md in the repository .
dataset.csv — this file is the “ answer key ” , as it contains the clinician-graded classifications of each image , on a scale from 1–4 .
dataindex.csv — this is the file that arch.py uses to see what files to run through the algorithm .
retrained_labels.txt — this is the list of classifications that the algorithm could assign to a single image . ( Do n't modify this file without retraining_graph.pb . If you want to know how to do that , see retrain.md in the repository )
bottlenecks/ — this is a Tensorflow system area . For the purposes of this tutorial , it should be left alone . If you want to learn more about what 's in here , see the Tensorflow for Poets article by Google )
logs/— see the README.md contained in that directory .
inception/ — this is a software package that Tensorflow uses to make sense of image data that it receives .
Quick start
1 . Install Python and Tensorflow . ( You can find a tutorial on the Tensorflow website on how to do this . ) In the course of developing this project , we used a python 2.7 installation with a corresponding Tensorflow for python 2.7 installation .
2 . Clone/download this repository and the dataset . ( Dataset here : https : //www.kaggle.com/c/diabetic-retinopathy-detection/data . You will need all of the “ train.00x.zip ” files , the training_labels.zip file , and some method to separate them into different directories based on that master list . You can use our sorting script , which is available here : https : //gist.github.com/javathunderman/6a9f9c8a0ee29cb7a817777421685e49 . A smaller , curated version of this dataset is available at https : //github.com/Nomikxyz/retinopathy-dataset . )
3 . Fill out dataindex.csv with the file addresses of the images you want to test . ( Unless you have a system with a lot of resources on tap , do n't go over 10 images in a single batch . It tends to overload the graph file and cause all sorts of issues . )
4 . Run “ python arch.py ” , and it will start printing out the results of each image . It will also automatically generate a log file in the root directory of the repository to store the output of a batch . If you plan on saving the contents of that log file , ensure that you rename it something different so that it is not overwritten by the next batch of output .
5 . Profit . If you want to go further , check out retrain.md in the repository for information on how to retrain the algorithm on your own training set or check out the Tensorflow for Poets tutorial for more information .
Thanks for reading . If you have any questions , tweet me @ javathunderman .
TensorFlow , the TensorFlow logo and any related marks are trademarks of Google Inc. Code included in this tutorial are subject to several licenses . See LICENSE.md in the repository for more information .
Bjarke Ingels is no stranger to challenges . Their firm , Bjarke Ingels Group ( BIG ) , has embraced them with open arms around the world . Projects like The Mountain in Copenhagen blend two seemingly incompatible uses — residences and parking — into one fluid entity . Also in Copenhagen , 8 House brings living , offices , and retail together and ties them in a knot ; the project takes the shape of a bowtie . Now , BIG is taking these groundbreaking Scandinavian designs and transporting them to a North American context .
Vancouver House , image by BIG – Bjarke Ingels Group & Luxigon
SkyriseCities recently spoke with Thomas Christoffersen , partner at BIG , about their Telus Sky project in Calgary and the 49-storey Vancouver House . Now under construction , the residential and retail project was BIG 's first Canadian venture when it was unveiled . Westbank Project Corp. is the Vancouver developer attached to the mixed-use complex , and Christoffersen recounted how their relationship first blossomed .
`` Bjarke did a lecture in Vancouver rather shortly after we opened our office here in New York . At that lecture , they met Ian Gillespie , Founder of Westbank , '' said Christoffersen . `` A couple months later , Ian turns up at this site in Vancouver that they had been looking at and working on for some time . They had seen some other projects we had been doing that had dealt with difficult or challenging sites . We agreed to do some ideas for them and work on some concepts and that 's basically what became the Vancouver House . We have since been working on other things together , but Vancouver House was our first real encounter . ''
Telus Sky , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group & Luxigon
Since then , BIG has teamed up with Westbank again to launch the residential and office Telus Sky project , which is at a similar stage in construction . But Vancouver seemed like the perfect place for BIG to gain a foothold in Canada . `` We are from Scandinavia , so the Pacific Northwest feels rather familiar culturally and Vancouver is a beautiful city , '' said Christoffersen . `` One of Bjarke 's first projects coming out of architecture school was working on the Seattle Public Library . They were also familiar with the region and has been there quite a lot . So it was mainly that one event and then the encounter with Ian that made us come to Vancouver . ''
Vancouver House in context , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group
Christoffersen talked about how Vancouver 's building typology influenced the design . `` Vancouver has this very special residential tower skyline which they call ‘ Vancouverism ' : the slender , residential tower with the small-scale podium so that you have a sense of human scale at street level while having a higher residential density . For Vancouver House , it was about reimagining already existing typologies . ''
Vancouver House , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group & Luxigon
Vancouver House reinvigorates the depressing underbelly of the Granville Bridge by animating it with retail , restaurants , and programmable space . The project takes the form of three triangular parcels hugging the north end of the bridge , with the tower rising from the northernmost parcel . `` It 's about looking at how we can create architecture that is maybe a little less glassy and work with a podium that is engaging not only with townhouses and larger homes at street level but also an engaging retail and workplace neighbourhood under the Granville Bridge . ''
Looking down at the three parcels , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group
The constraints of the site led to some unique solutions that spurred the design we see today . `` The challenge in Vancouver was definitely all the setbacks and distances that the surroundings demand , like a 100-foot setback from the bridge , moving up to not shadow on the park across the street , and then the building across the street that we did n't want to be too close to , '' said Christoffersen . `` So we ended up with a triangular footprint that 's very small . That 's the challenge that the developer also has to decide . They really liked the area and neighbourhood and also the character the bridge is bringing to the development , but it was hard to do anything that had enough floor plate to be a feasible building . ''
One of the triangular blocks , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group
BIG came up with a solution that maximized the potential of the site . `` We said ‘ we have this triangular floor plate , why do n't we start to expand the triangle into a rectangle as the tower rises ? ' As it rises above the on-ramps of the Granville Bridge , the building can start to expand , and we end up with the upper third of the building having a rectangular floor plate , '' said Christoffersen . `` That 's where it gets the density for the units . That 's what makes the building possible as a development . So of course we had to talk to the city about being allowed to encroach the setback line as the building rises and we had to do our due diligence on the structure and challenges that the form comes with . ''
Under the Granville Bridge , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group
Christoffersen also acknowledged a similarity between Vancouver House and Telus Sky , while pointing out their innate differences . `` We did n't start off the design of Telus Sky with the notion that there should be a similarity . It somehow came by chance . The two projects have very different challenges . The distribution of Vancouver House seems similar , though it 's upside down . It was something we talked to Westbank about and we agreed that there was a sort of charming sibling relationship that they had in each other , though they are built , executed and detailed very differently . Telus Sky has less structural challenges than Vancouver House . We are using different materials . '' Like many Vancouver projects , glass will be included as a cladding material . It will be joined by `` two brighter metals , an aluminum and a warmer stainless alloy that is the liner of the balconies . ''
Under the Granville Bridge , image by BIG - Bjarke Ingels Group
Christoffersen continued : `` The climate in Calgary is a lot more challenging than it is in Vancouver . It 's been rewarding to follow through the two projects and we really look forward to having a sort of duality between the two because now they share a lot more than they would otherwise have . ''
BIG is partnering with DIALOG and James KM Cheng Architects to bring the 49-storey project to life . With excavation taking place , Vancouver House is on track for completion in 2018 . Though Vancouver House and Telus Sky are very different projects , architecture fanatics in the respective cities share the same anticipation . With BIG 's first two Canadian projects , the Danish company has the chance to cement their reputation for progressive design while introducing Canadians to one of the world 's hottest architecture firms .
Additional information and images can be found in the Database file linked below . Want to get involved in the discussion ? Visit the associated Forum thread or leave a comment at the bottom of this page .
Image caption FBI agents were faced suspension or dismissal for a range of offences
The FBI has disciplined agents for sending nude pictures , bugging a boss 's office , and visiting a massage parlour , a leaked memo has revealed .
The misconduct cases were among those detailed in a leaked internal email , sent to all FBI staff and published online by CNN .
They ranged from the `` unprofessional conduct '' of texting nude images , to more serious theft and gun offences .
The unnamed agents involved were either suspended or dismissed .
In one case , an employee used a personal mobile phone to send nude photographs to several other employees . The report said the incident `` created office gossip '' and `` adversely affected the daily activities of several squads '' .
In another incident , a staff member used an FBI-issued Blackberry to send explicit text messages to a second staff member , while another was disciplined for emailing nude pictures of themselves to their ex-boyfriend 's wife .
Another agent was suspended for 14 days for paying for a `` sexual favour '' while visiting a massage parlour .
Office bugging
Other violations included committing fraud , mishandling evidence , shop-lifting and making unauthorised use of the FBI database to search for information on friends and family .
One agent was suspended for taking an FBI motorcycle for a joyride , while another was disciplined for carrying their gun while drunk .
In one stand-out case , an employee was sacked for unprofessional conduct after they were found to have bugged their boss 's office . The report said the employee hid a recording device in the office and searched through their supervisor 's paperwork .
The FBI said the regular emails to staff on disciplinary issues were designed as deterrence .
`` We 're hoping ( that ) getting the message out in the quarterlies is going to teach people , as well as their supervisors ... you ca n't do this stuff , '' FBI assistant director Candice Will said , in an interview with CNN .
`` When you are given an FBI Blackberry , it 's for official use . It 's not to text the woman in another office who you found attractive or to send a picture of yourself in a state of undress . That is not why we provide you an FBI Blackberry . ''
Margie Heard stood on a jetty in the rain on the Halifax waterfront and thought of them dad .
Heard was one of several hundred people gathered for the paying out ceremony for HMCS Preserver . After 46 years , the auxiliary oiler replacement ship was reaching the end of their commission , and the crew was walking off the ship for the final time .
For Heard and their sisters , Anne McKennirey and Catherine Woodman , Friday brought back a wash of memories — their dad , Mark Mayo , was Preserver 's first captain and they were there in Saint John on Aug. 7 , 1970 , for the ship 's commissioning .
Long and distinguished service
The ceremony was `` very much a reminder to us of the fact that this ship was the heart of the fleet , much like the Canadian navy is the heart of this community here in Halifax , '' said Woodman .
Sisters Anne McKennirey , Margie Heard and Catherine Woodman were at the ceremony on Friday . Their dad , Mark Mayo , was the first captain of HMCS Preserver . ( CBC )
During their time in service , Preserver participated in missions and operations around the world , including the United Nations peacekeeping effort in Cyprus , helping to enforce sanctions in the former Yugoslavia and as part of the recovery mission following the crash of Swissair Flight 111 off the coast of Peggys Cove , to name but a few .
And through the years the ship delivered more than 800 million litres of fuel and was home to more than 8,000 sailors .
Gerry Curry was one of the first .
The Yarmouth County resident was there for the commissioning in 1970 and served three years on board Preserver . They were part of the crew that did the first replenishment at sea north of the Arctic Circle .
`` It was really , really important to me that I was here to see them out , '' they said .
Gerry Curry was there in 1970 when HMCS Preserver was commissioned and served for three years on the ship . ( CBC )
The ship was cutting edge at the time and it was a great learning experience to work aboard her , said Curry .
'It was my home '
For old sailors such as himself , Preserver also represented home . Curry was in the navy at a time when the ship literally was where sailors hung their hats .
`` You did n't just sail on this ship when it went places , you lived on it , '' they said .
`` When we came into harbour , I did n't go anywhere ; this is where I lived . I 'd go ashore and go and eat or see girlfriends or whatever , but when I came home at night this was where I came ; it was my home . ''
It was the crew who made the ship what it was , Lt.-Cmdr Vicky Marier , the ship 's final commanding officer , told the crowd Friday .
`` A ship is not glorious in itself . It is all the work and education of men and women who man a ship that make it outstanding . ''
The WEATHER ! ! ! It is not just different , it could be considered extreme for someone from Los Angeles . I feel like I am having sun withdrawals . the sun has n't shined in over a week . And a week ago it was just barely peeking through the cloud cover .
I do n't know how the Germans do it , but regardless of it raining and completely and utterly being ugly outside , they are strolling around the city , some can even be caught eating ice cream ! Yes , while I am cozily snugged inside the warmest jacket I have , I see Germans eating ice cream . But , then again from what I have heard so far , if they would only go outside during the sunny days , they would spend over ninety percent of their year inside watching Netflix , which is now finally in Germany .
Working and having German language classes , has forced me to get acclimated here in regards to the weather . I do n't have a car , so I am forced to walk to get to the public transportation . In Los Angeles , when it rains , NO ONE goes out , no one does anything besides go to work . It seems like a ghost town at the malls . Not here ! It rains and people still go to the Christmas Markets , walk around the city , and for the most part are outdoors .
Last night I had my last class before the holiday break . It was raining ! Raining ! Not high humidity , which to me being from the Los Angeles , is considered drizzle , it was actually raining ! Can you guess what we did ? We paired up with another German Language class and went to the Christmas Market . I have to say this is something I would have never done , but it was nice . Gluhwein cuddled up with others under the few rain covers provided .
But , I have to say as long as you go outside prepared , warm , with the right shoes , it is nice to get a little wet . Maybe it was just the Gluhwein that was warming me up , and also kept me away from being annoyed of the rain .
Stuttgart steps also provide a good overview about the weather in their blog .
Advertisements
It was not your normal Wednesday around the NFL Media offices . After years of planning , we have launched the product that will change all of our lives for the better : NFL NOW .
So what is NFL NOW ?
» We are making the largest football video library available , personalized to your interests . That includes highlights , clips of NFL Network programming and a truckload of original programming taped in our fancy new NFL NOW studios .
Our analysts -- including the entire Around The League team -- will tape daily breaking news , highlights and analysis videos that will go right to your device . When Bears tight end Martellus Bennett gets suspended , you 'll have our take right away , wherever you are .
» Something will be available for every kind of fan . You can choose your favorite team , your favorite players and continue to personalize the types of videos you see . You also get inside access to all your favorite players and teams throughout the season from our teams . There will be 4,800 minutes of video from each team per week during the year . 4,800 !
» Highlights . And more highlights . You are n't going to find a library of them elsewhere on Sundays or throughout the week . Nothing beats highlights .
» Accessibility . NFL NOW will be available on all devices . You can watch everywhere you are .
If you want to know more , we put together a big fact sheet that should answer your questions . In the meantime , check out NFL NOW . Tell us what you think .
With the preseason ready to begin , we 're just getting started .
Last week 's discovery of the Higgs boson was the result of an international collaboration involving thousands of scientists , but it seems two nations feel their contribution has been overlooked .
An article published in Pakistan 's Express Tribune last Friday detailed how Pakistani physicist Abdus Salam , with Americans Steven Weinberg and Sheldon Glashow , developed the electroweak theory that unifies two of the four fundamental forces . Their work helped complete the standard model , of which the Higgs is the final part to be observed , and won the trio the 1979 Nobel prize for physics .
Despite their success , Salam was forced to leave Pakistan in the 1970s because they were a member of the Ahmadi movement , an offshoot of mainstream Islam that was outlawed by the Pakistani government .
Meanwhile , the day after CERN 's announcement of a new particle , the Indian Press Information Bureau put out a press release entitled “ Satyendranath Bose : Higgs-Boson 's Forgotten Hero ” . Bose was an Indian physicist who worked with Einstein to understand the behaviour of subatomic particles that were later dubbed bosons .
Advertisement
Some physicists think the link between either researcher and the Higgs discovery is tenuous . “ Bose is one of the great physicists who missed a Nobel , ” says Frank Close at the University of Oxford . However , their work only indirectly underpins last week 's discovery . Salam , meanwhile , “ has no claim on the Higgs boson ” , Close says .
Higgs and their colleagues did their work in 1964 . It was one of those colleagues – Tom Kibble – who used the information as the basis of our modern picture of subatomic particles , and later influenced Salam , says Close . “ If anyone deserves recognition beyond Higgs , it is in my opinion Kibble , who incidentally was born in India . ”
Nevertheless , “ among physicists both [ Salam and Bose ] are regarded as giants ” , says Jim Al-Khalili , a physicist at the University of Surrey , UK . “ Science transcends such petty distinctions as race , nationality or religion . If only the wider world did too . ”
Summary : I have noticed a plethora of social media posts , in person requests , and even the occassional texts from women saying something to the effect of , `` Who 's going to _______ for me ? '' or `` You could come ______ for me . ''
I see it on social media just about every day , `` Who 's bringing me dinner ? '' or `` Who 's getting me drunk tonight ? '' or `` A girl 's broke these days , who 's helping me pay my car payment ? '' And of course we all know about the dating app/craigslist ads where women ask men to buy them pizza . But seriously , it 's almost comical how many of these requests I see on a daily basis . And I hear it in person , too : `` Who 's getting my next beer ? '' or `` Okay , who 's driving me tonight ? ''
Recently , I got a text from a chick who gave me their number a month or so ago . Had n't talked to them in a week before this . Them exact text was `` U could come help me move u know . ''
Wait , what ? I had not spoked to them in a week or more , did not know they were moving , did not get a `` hey , what 's up ? '' text to initiate the conversation , or something sweet to butter me up , it was literally just a text trying to make me feel bad and guilt me into helping her , like me not helping them was an asshole move on my part . The hamster is strong .
Now , I 'm not DT , and it turns out they basically had to move everything themselves and even went to the ER for dehydration because they did everything themselves ( This is what true feminism looks like , ladies . Remember , you all wanted it this way ) . So had they let me know ahead of time , asked nicely , and offered some dinner or something , I may have even helped them But , a silly text like that ? Come on , I would n't send a disrespectful text like that to a brother , best friend , or acquaintance , let alone someone I just met and had n't even told I was moving . How in the world did they think that was going to work ? Had this worked in the past on some beta , nice guy , faggot ? That 's the only scenario that makes sense in my mind for them to send something so ridiculous .
My exact response : `` lol . '' They did n't text back .
Lesson Learned : The misandry bubble still has some time to go before it bursts .
U.S. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) attends a press conference with members of the House Republican leadership October 11 , 2017 in Washington , DC . ( Photo11 : Win McNamee , Getty Images )
WASHINGTON — House Speaker Paul Ryan said regulations are the “ smartest , quickest fix '' to address rapid-fire devices like the one used in the Las Vegas mass murder .
But they did not address whether they are open to Congress taking legislative action on the issue .
Ryan , of Wisconsin , said they want to know why the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives allowed the sale of bump-stock devices , which increase the rate of firepower of semiautomatic weapons to mimic fully automatic weapons .
“ We think the regulatory fix is the smartest quickest fix and I 'd frankly like to know how it happened in the first place , ” Ryan said .
Congress banned the sale and manufacture of new machine guns for civilian use in 1986 , and machine guns in circulation before then are tightly regulated , limited in number and expensive .
But the ATF issued a series of opinions on bump-fire devices — determining in most cases they were legal — over the past decade . In 2010 , the ATF concluded that a bump-stock device submitted by Slide Fire was a firearm part with no automatic function , and therefore not regulated as a firearm under gun laws .
Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , who first proposed legislation to ban bump stocks in 2013 , said in response to Ryan 's statement that the ATF lacks authority under the law to ban bump-fire stocks . Legislation they introduced with fellow Democrats after the Las Vegas shooting would ban bump stocks , trigger cranks and similar accessories that accelerate a semi-automatic rifle 's rate of fire .
`` The agency made this crystal clear in a 2013 letter to Congress , writing that ‘ stocks of this type are not subject to the provisions of federal firearms statutes , ' '' Feinstein said in a statement . `` Legislation is the only answer and Congress should n't attempt to pass the buck . ”
Last week , when MSNBC 's Hugh Hewitt asked Ryan if they were “ open to a vote ” on bump stocks , Ryan responded , “ Yeah , look , I did n't even know what they were until this week and I 'm an avid sportsman . ”
“ Clearly , that 's something that we need to look into , ” they later added .
Read more : 'Bump stocks ' may be new to you , but federal officials have grappled with them for years
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2wPmdpX
Remembering the Incomparable Experience of 'LOTR Trilogy Tuesday '
It was late 2003 and I was still finishing high school . Although I had never read the books , each year I kept growing more fond of Middle Earth thanks to Peter Jackson 's adaptations of Lord of the Rings . By 2003 , I was a movie maniac , following websites non-stop for info about the Matrix trilogy ( which also concluded in 2003 ) , Terminator 3 , Hulk , X2 and Kill Bill , not to mention the Star Wars prequels in the middle of their grand finale . But it was Return of the King , and its triumphant debut on December 17th , 2003 , that won my heart . On the Tuesday before release , I participated in a global event known as `` Trilogy Tuesday '' , one of the first times ever a trilogy of movies is billed back-to-back-to-back . It ended with the midnight show of Return of the King , in total over 12 hours spent in a theater . One of the best experiences of my life .
This week , Peter Jackson 's The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies arrives in theaters , and there 's another Trilogy Tuesday Monday happening today . But I 'm not attending . This series of movies just is n't the same , it does n't hold the same weight as Lord of the Rings , unfortunately , and in general I 've sensed that Hollywood has lost their interest in fan service and instead is focused on getting as much money out of fans as possible . It 's ironic that New Line Cinema somehow had the foresight to pay their respects to the Lord of the Rings fans during Trilogy Tuesday , but ever since Hollywood has never lived up to that event . They have tried to do marathons and trilogy screenings , but none of them are the same . So it 's time for a fun look back .
If you did n't buy tickets the moment they went on sale , you were out of luck . Trilogy Tuesday tickets were announced and theaters revealed a full two months in advance , as seen in this old TheOneRing.net post with full details still available . Each local cinema only offered one theater , roughly 300 seats , hosting the Trilogy Tuesday event . That means only 300 people per theater within each city were lucky enough to experience it . And it came with a trove of special gifts : collectible swag galore , and three frames from one freshly minted 35mm print of the film that was chopped up to be given specifically to Trilogy Tuesday fans . How cool was that ? No one else could buy , or would ever be able to obtain , this item . It was truly one-of-a-kind , and that 's how the entire event felt . It was indeed a one-of-a-kind experience that to this day has never been matched .
I remember desperately searching for just one ticket ( I was the one crazy enough to go ) . Groups organized by fan sites like TheOneRing.net had already snatched up most tickets . The others went fast , and the theater was n't listing more despite selling out before they even announced . Finally , I got an extra one from a friend and that was that - I was in . By the time Return of the King came around , I was a Lord of the Rings fanatic even without the books . My friends and I had already attended the midnight shows of Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers in December the two years before . I remember vividly driving in heavy snow storms ( December in Colorado ) to get to the theater , we all said screw the weather , Middle Earth was more important . It was as if each of us were on this journey together , following Sam and Frodo and the rest of the Fellowship as we all banded together in our own fellowship , growing up each year together in high school .
A group of fans dressed up for Return of the King - photo from TheForce.net 's Jedi Council Forums .
However , when it came down to Trilogy Tuesday , I was determined ( pretty much I had no choice ) to go solo . I was also one of the only ones who was undeterred by the need to play hooky . You see , the first screening ( of Fellowship of the Ring ) started at 1PM on Tuesday . A school day . Yep , I said screw it , I 'm taking a half day whether they like it or not . Middle Earth is more important than English class . Maybe I can go in and catch my first class , grab some lunch , then head to the theater and get in line . By the time I got there , the line was already crazy long . By the time I got into the theater , where everyone was defensively staking out seats ( your home for the next 12+ hours ) , the only open spot was in the very back . So I took my seat against the back wall , attached my makeshift sign with my name on it and settled in for the very long journey ahead .
Here 's what was so special about Trilogy Tuesday : instead of just showing the same two movies we 'd already seen last year , Peter Jackson wanted to give fans the complete experience . So they screened the Extended Editions of both Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers , before eventually showing the theatrical version of Return of the King ( at the time of release the Extended Edition of ROTK had not been completed , and a year later when it was released on DVD I had another marathon screening of all of them in my own living room ) . If you calculate the total time spent watching movies that day , it would come out to about : 664 minutes , just over 11 hours of Lord of the Rings . Bring it on . I was ready . Or so I thought . It was an emotional experience , and by the end I was in tears . ROTK still holds the # 1 spot as my own favorite movie .
I often hear the boring response `` who would want to waste their time sitting in a theater for THAT long ? '' when movie marathons are brought up . The point is that it 's not about time spent watching the screen , it 's about time spent with the characters we love . Many say that we 're in the golden era of television , with series like `` True Detective '' , `` Game of Thrones '' , `` Mad Men '' named as favorites . How much time have you spent with those characters in their world ? The more the better , right ? The first season of `` True Detective '' runs a total of 480 minutes . That 's not even close to the amount of time we got to spend with Sam and Frodo and Gandalf and Legolas and Gimli and Aragorn in one sitting . It 's a huge compliment to Peter Jackson and all the people at Weta to say they envisioned such a beautifully detailed Middle Earth , that none of us wanted to leave . We wanted to stay there forever , for as long as the theater would allow us before we got kicked out .
I 'll admit now that I was n't properly prepared . I did n't bring some kind of dinner , or any snacks , or much of anything except my enthusiasm . Most of us munched on popcorn and movie theater concessions for as long as we could hold out , but it finally caught up with me . Once our screening of The Two Towers had finished , I could feel a migraine headache growing . It 's not uncommon with me , but with Return of the King up next I did n't want it ruined by a headache , so I set out to find some ibuprofen . I raced across the theater asking employees and random people if they had any , eventually finding one staff member who had a few extra . With some crappy theater food in my stomach , and a couple of Advils , I sat back down , rested my eyes and prepared for the grand finale . A finale I thought we 'd never have again ( yet here we are with The Hobbit… ) .
The original banner for the LOTR Trilogy made by the studio - something we do n't ever see anymore .
There 's something magical about Middle Earth , and Peter Jackson knows it . That 's why they have spent so many years of their life taking us to every corner of Middle Earth , introducing us to every character big and small . It 's exhilarating to spend 8 hours being introduced to a world unlike any other , full of characters good and evil , and finally watching their story come to an end . These are our friends , we know them so well , we 've followed them every step of the way . Will they make it to Mt . Doom ? What will the final battle be like ? What about the fate of Smeagol ? I was unprepared for the emotional experience that Return of the King took me on , and I remember sobbing at the end . Peter Jackson had given us the most satisfying , the most exciting , the most enriching conclusion we all could 've asked for - and it paid off double when they won 11 Academy Awards on Leap Day the next year . All that hype , excitement , all 11 hours , it was all justified when they won .
That was my greatest moment with the Oscars . For as long as I can remember , I have watched the Academy Awards ceremony live . I 'm sure many people do , but after becoming a part of the industry , you see awards in a whole different light . Every year I hear critics rant and rave about who should 've been nominated , who should win , and why the awards are a bunch of bullshit when their favorite person/film does n't win . I had my moment with the Oscars . And it was glorious . I remember sitting on the edge of my couch watching as , one-by-one , The Return of the King took almost all of them - from Best Score ( which I still listen to ) to Best Screenplay to Best Director to , the king of them all , Best Picture . We will ever see another fantasy movie win Best Picture ? Maybe , maybe not , but I do n't care . The one I really , truly wanted to win did , and that was it .
For years I 've told any/everyone that Trilogy Tuesday was the best experience I have ever had in a movie theater . It 's true , and it has yet to be topped . I have n't ever had a chance to write about it , as it took place three years before starting this site and until today , there has been no reason to bring it up . But here we are , and The Hobbit is getting its own trilogy screening event , and I 'm not attending . The reason why is n't as important as the fact that nothing can compare to Lord of the Rings . At the time , New Line Cinema released the three LOTR . Now , New Line is part of Warner Bros . I have always considered that Trilogy Tuesday was the once-in-a-lifetime perfect storm of marketing meets fandom . Somehow the New Line execs agreed to this and agreed that the fans deserved everything that was coming to them - from nice collectible swag to an incomparable experience . They did n't ask for anything in return , except our gratitude ( and repeat viewings ) .
Thank you to whoever made Trilogy Tuesday possible . Thank you to the executives who said `` yes '' , who signed off on the cost of swag , and agreed to ship two Extended Editions prints and figure out the logistics to make it work . Thank you to the theaters that said `` yes '' . It remains an incomparable and unforgettable experience in my own life , and I 'm sure everyone else who attended would say the same . Sure , every movie is different and worth `` experiencing '' , but when everything comes together perfectly - when the people , the characters , the stories , the fans , the excitement , when it all works in harmony , it 's a remarkable experience . To me , this is what the cinema is made for - moments like this , the communal experience , fans joining together to watch and cry and cheer for the people they believe in because they 're so wonderfully realized .
A very cheesy video made by AMC MovieGoer Network recapping the Trilogy Tuesday event :
Nowadays , everyone does marathon screenings . From Harry Potter to Twilight to The Hunger Games to Iron Man and Avengers , even Die Hard . It 's not really special anymore . It 's just that thing the studios must do , or the fans will be upset . It 's a bland marketing tactic now , when it originated as a way of giving back to the fans . Trilogy Tuesday was unique because the entire event felt like it was designed to give back to the fans who had committed themselves ( in $ $ ) to this series for so many years . In Hollywood today , they see fans are `` already sold '' , and thus do n't feel like giving them anything in return except more of what we 're already expecting ( dull marketing , limited reveals , frustrating/confusing events without any organization ) .
One month before Trilogy Tuesday , I also attended the global opening of Matrix Revolutions . Instead of hosting a marathon screening of the trilogy , Warner Bros instead decided to open the final Matrix for fans around the entire world at the exact same time . So for those of us in America , that meant 8AM . Yes , I woke up crazy early to go see Matrix Revolutions before anyone else . The theater was barely 1/3 full , there was no event feel to it , no palpable buzz , just a bunch of die-hard nerds skipping out on school/work to find out what happens to Neo . It was unforgettable , but in a different way . Now , 11 years later looking back at these events , I long for the days when the cinematic experience was paramount . I wish Hollywood still cared about paying back to fans as much as they love taking fans ' money ( in copious amounts ) . It seems they 've lost their way , and it 's about building out the fanbase rather than servicing them properly . We 're in a whole new era .
`` I will not say 'Do not weep ' , for not all tears are an evil… '' I will always remember the incomparable experience of Trilogy Tuesday . After 11 years , nothing has topped it . I 'm glad to see Marvel Studios trying to honor their fans in unique ways , and they 've come the closest . But I 'm just as sad that I 'm not at The Hobbit Trilogy today , but that 's for an entirely different reason - that 's because these Hobbit movies just are n't the same , they just are n't that great , and it pains me to admit it . Perhaps the ideal experience of a trilogy is for another generation of moviegoers , perhaps we have yet to encounter another new series that comes together in perfect harmony . Then again , with another Star Wars trilogy on the horizon it might be sooner than later .
Notes : Thanks to TheOneRing.net for info on the original Trilogy Tuesday . You can also read a fun article from USA Today in 2003 covering the event . Photos come mostly from fan sites - click for original source .
1 RDG on Dec 15 , 2014
2 DAVIDPD on Dec 16 , 2014
3 TK on Dec 16 , 2014
4 David Diaz on Dec 16 , 2014
5 ragethorn on Dec 16 , 2014
6 CGeri on Dec 16 , 2014
7 Louis E. on Dec 16 , 2014
Sorry , no commenting is allowed at this time .
13 Shares 0
13
0
0
The Scottish government on Tuesday announced an “ effective ban ” on hydraulic fracturing or fracking , following an overwhelming public outcry against the oil extraction practice due to environmental concerns , RT reported .
Hydraulic fracturing is the process used to extract natural gas from the Montney [ unconventional rock , which has pathways that are much narrower than pathways in conventional rock containing natural gas ] formation .
Energy Minister Paul Wheelhouse told MSPs that the practice `` can not and will not take place in Scotland '' . They explained allowing fracking would undermine the government 's ambitions to deeply cut Scotland 's climate emissions and would lead to unjustifiable environmental damage .
Mr Wheelhouse said the consultation came back with `` overwhelming '' opposition to fracking , with 99 % of the 60,000 respondents supporting a ban . They said this showed that `` there is no social licence for unconventional oil and gas to be taken forward at this time '' , the BBC reported .
The result showed “ there is no social license for unconventional oil and gas to be taken forward at this time . ”
Mr Wheelhouse said an existing moratorium on the technique , which has been in place since 2015 , would continue `` indefinitely '' after a consultation showed `` overwhelming '' opposition . The decision was made amid intense pressure from industry and some SNP ministers to approve exploration .
The Scottish government has previously imposed a similar block on underground coal gasification used to extract gas from coal seams deep underground .
The move was welcomed by environmental groups calling for the United States and the rest of the United Kingdom to follow .
“ This is a victory for the environment and for local communities fighting fracking , ” said Mary Church , the head of campaigns at Friends of the Earth Scotland .
They added , “ this is a huge win for the anti-fracking movement , particularly for those on the front line of this dirty industry here in Scotland , who have been working for a ban these last six years . ”
The privately-owned oil and gas firm Ineos which owns the huge Grangemouth petrochemical plant called the ban a disastrous decision which would damage Scotland 's economy . Ineos holds fracking exploration licenses across 700 square miles of the country .
The move could see `` large numbers of Scottish workers leaving the country to find work , ” said Tom Pickering , operations director of Ineos Shale .
“ The Scottish government has turned its back on a potential manufacturing and jobs renaissance and lessened Scottish academia 's place in the world by ignoring its findings , '' they added .
Experts at auditing firm KPMG estimated allowing unconventional coal and gas extraction would likely to only increase Scotland 's GDP by about 0.1 percent but cause environmental ruin in areas where it took place .
Beyond dispute now is , what many have understood for years , that fracking creates earthquakes . Last year a magnitude 4.6 earthquake struck near Progress Energy work site in northern British Columbia in August 2015 .
* ( 31st May 2017 : Representatives of the Broad Alliance of Communities Against Unconventional Oil and Gas ; Friends of the Earth Scotland ; and 38 Degrees gather outside the Scottish Parliament to hand in tens of thousands of consultation responses calling on the Scottish Government to ban fracking . Image credit : Maverick photo agency/ flickr )
From observations :
Failing to kill Brother Mouzone once Omar decided not to finish him . Their hospital visit made it clear to Mouzone who had sought their demise and eventually led to Bell 's . Failing to locate and eliminate Omar . Since Omar ( and any of their associates ) were the only links to Brother Mouzone 's assassination attempt , their failure should have been punished with their deaths . Failing to do this caused Bell problems later on leading to their death . Not using Avon Barksdale 's imprisonment as the opportunity to seize control of the organization for himself . By isolating Barksdale in prison , Bell could have run the organization as they saw fit and actually turned the prospects of the organization around into a less violent , but more profitable enterprise . Only killing D'Angelo Barksdale and not also Avon and Avon 's sister . A clean sweep of the Barksdale family would have allowed Bell to run the organization as they thought they needed to and removed an unnecessary level of burden to an already complicated situation . Not using a knowledgeable intermediary to deal with Senator Clay Davis . They were clearly out of their league with Davis and had they used an attorney with the correct political connections , they could have likely gained all that they sought with fewer complications than they did . Admitting that they had killed D'Angelo Barksdale . This very likely angered Avon Barksdale and led them to to betray Stringer more than the potential for their organization to be cutoff from a quality supply of product . Stringer Bell had no mentor nor close adviser apart from Avon Barksdale . Had they had a `` Butch '' like Omar , a number of the obvious traps they were entering they would have easily avoided as they would have been pointed out to him . Stringer Bell had few if , any men , who were strictly loyal to him . This lack of loyalty was exhibited in the fact that men loyal to them would have avenged their death regardless of input from Avon . They also seemed to have a very poor resource of internal and external spies to gather information for him . Stringer Bell failed to properly use the police more effectively than they did . They were in possession of enough information to bring down their competitors , yet only used it against Avon and not the others . Any crime boss knows that cops are usually their second best tool against their enemies . Bell failed to recognize that leaving the business ( and thus Baltimore ) was open to him . As the character was portrayed in the series , they clearly had no close family or friends in the city and could have easily departed a wealthy man to enjoy the fruits of their labors elsewhere . They chose to stay in a business that they eventually knew would either lead to their imprisonment or their death .
Stringer Bell recognized the weaknesses of the Barksdale organization
and did n't attempt to capitalize upon them or to even seriously attempt
to repair them . They made essentially cosmetic changes , bungled those and
sought an `` out '' by becoming a legitimate business person , which they bungled
as well .
Had they eliminated the Barksdale family , retained most of
their upper leadership , purchased and sought personal loyalty while
preventing their subordinates from plotting against him , they would have
been alive much longer than they are .
The Black Sheep
Chicago , United States
What we 're most proud of at The Black Sheep is our original content . Everything you read on the site is written by our stable of college-age writers who bust their ass for tens of minutes a week to crank out comedy we think you 'll enjoy , whether it 's about sex , drugs , abstinence , or rock and roll . Though we 're all here to have a good time , we take the whole writing thing pretty seriously . We think our comedy is top notch , and if you think otherwise we have a copy of Seinlanguage we 'll mail to you .
So come on in and hang out awhile , wo n't you ? We have some half-full cans of Keystone Light in the fridge if you 're thirsty , and if you ask real nice we might microwave our last Hot Pocket for you , it 's a ham and cheese one !
I have actively trained and competed in Obedience for over 15 years . I took this course with my first small dog and first terrier . I have tried to train this dog using methods and techniques learned previously but they all fell short and my instructors were encouraging me to get a new dog . The methods Hannah used have helped me find a new love in training my dog . For our relationship and their needs this was the best course I could ever take . My dog is responding quickly to these methods and I have accomplished things with them that have failed many times over the last 2 years . Their issues regarding competing will include more than `` training method '' so we may not compete - or most likely I will find another Fenzi class to help me in that area !
– Rachel J .
Student in the Obedience Skillbuilding Series
Hot Story
The media reports have been sizzling ! Griffith University , the home of the NCNED group in Australia that produced the study , called it “ groundbreaking ” . IFL Science lead off with a piece called “ People With Chronic Fatigue Have A Defective Channel In Immune System Cells ” which stated ,
“ The finding confirms earlier research that CFS is a biological condition , not a psychological one , and opens lines of inquiry for potential treatment options . ”
Even a government official got involved telling the Tech Times
“ This discovery is great news for all people living with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ( CFS ) and the related Myalgic Encephalomyelitis ( ME ) , as it confirms what people with these conditions have long known – that it is a ‘ real ' illness – not a psychological issue , ” Leeanne Enoch , the Science Minister of Queensland .
Donald Staines , one of the researchers associated with the study , went so far as to say
“ This is huge because for the first time we have documented the pathology in this illness . Up until now people have not really understood the illness , ” Staines
Natural Killer ( NK ) Cell Study
The study was putatively on natural killer cells but if the NCNED group in Australia is right NK cells are just the beginning of the story.NK cells are a good place to start , though . Reduced NK cell cytotoxicity is the most consistently found immune aberration found in chronic fatigue syndrome ( ME/CFS ) . Despite several attempts to identify the cause of the NK cell problems in ME/CFS- they have n't been nailed down yet .
The NCNED group at Griffith University in Queensland , Australia has been digging more deeply into the cause of the NK cell problems in ME/CFS than any other group .
They appear to have had TRP ( transient receptor potential ) ion channels in their cross-hairs for at least a couple of years . These ion channels allow calcium and magnesium into our cells . Calcium does much more than build strong bones . Inside the cell it plays an essential role in cellular signaling and homeostasis . Changes in calcium concentration also allow our muscles to contract during exercise.Calcium also modulates the activity of many enzymes including mitochondrial enzymes . It affects neurotransmitter release from our nerves . It 's an essential intracellular element ; mess with calcium levels and our cells wo n't work so well .
But is low calcium the cause of the natural killer cell problems in ME/CFS ? In March 2016 the NCNED group looked for and found significantly increased numbers of polymorphisms or mutations in the genes expressing transient receptor potential ( TRP ) and acetylcholine receptors ( AChRs ) in people with ME/CFS . That suggested that problems with these ion channels could be limited calcium inflows into our cells .
Then May 2016 , the NCNED team proved that these ion channels exist on natural killer and B-cells ( nobody had shown that before ) , and then showed that fewer than normal of them were present on the NK cells of people with chronic fatigue syndrome ( ME/CFS ) .
The big finding , though , was finding reduced cytoplasmic calcium levels in those cells . That suggested that reduced numbers of ion channels on the NK cells of ME/CFS patients were indeed depriving them of an essential element – and possibly impacting their ability to function
The Study
In the present study NCNED researchers determined if the reduced numbers of TRPM3 receptors on the NK cells were causing ( a ) reduced calcium levels in NK cells and more importantly ( b ) responsible for the reduced NK cell cytotoxicity ( killing capacity ) ,
These papers are very difficult to understand . Hopefully most of this is correct .
The natural killer cells from 15 ME/CFS ( Fukuda definition ) and 25 healthy controls were labeled with fluorescent antibodies to determine the levels of TRPM3 receptors/ion channels and two other receptors ( CD107a , CD69 ) associated with NK cell activation .
They looked at two kinds of NK cells : the cytotoxic NK cells and NK cells involved in immune surveillance and cytokine production .
They stimulated the cells with various substances ( pregnenolone sulphate ( PregS ) , 2-aminoethoxydiphenyl borate ( 2APB ) , ionomycin , and thapsigargin ( TG ) ) known to increase intracellular calcium .
The Results
The Gist First the NCNED team found that several mutations trhat were increased in ME/CFS patients affect the ion channels that allow calcium into NK cells
Next they determined that the dysfunctional NK cells found in ME/CFS patients were indeed low in calcium – an essential element in cellular functioning
Using a series of tests they demonstrated that problems with calcium ion channel functioning exist in two kinds of NK cells in ME/CFS patients
Increasing calcium levels returned the NK cells to normal functioning
Because the dysfunctional ion channels are found in tissues across the body they could conceivably impact many areas of the body
Large studies are needed but the NCNED appears to be confident they 've uncovered a core pathology in ME/CFS .
The next steps are developing a diagnostic test , testing their finding out in larger groups , and looking for pharmaceutical treatments .
The NCNED team recently received $ 4 million to do just that .
NK Cells Involved in Cytokine Production
At baseline both the number of TRPM3 receptors and the intra-cellular calcium levels were significantly reduced in ME/CFS patients compared to the controls . Given the reduced calcium stores found , the TRPM3 finding was strange . The number of TRPM3 ion channels on the cell should increase when calcium stores are reduced ; i.e . ME/CFS patients should have had more ion channel receptors on their NK cells- yet they had less .
Stimulating these cells with a TRPM3 booster to increase cellular calcium levels resulted in increased calcium levels in both groups but reduced calcium levels in the ME/CFS patients relative to the healthy controls ; i.e . their calcium levels were up but were still low .
The number of TRPM3 ion channels on the NK cells increased equally in both groups but as noted healthy control NK cells accumulated more calcium . Something was clearly still keeping the calcium levels down in the ME/CFS group .
Cytotoxic NK Cells
The cytotoxic NK cells were different . Stimulating the TRPM3 receptors resulted in increased receptor expression in the healthy controls but not in the ME/CFS patients .
Ionomycin increased TRPM3 expression on the ME/CFS patients ' NK cells compared to the controls , but not enough to increase cytotoxic T-cell activity . That may be because another enzyme ( extracellular-regulated kinase ( ERK ) ) needed for that process is depleted in ME/CFS .
The only way the researchers were able to increase cytotoxic T-cell activity in the ME/CFS patients was by whacking their NK cells with a calcium depleter first and then activating them with a ion channel ( TRPM3 ) enhancer . It appears that the first part of that process – the calcium depleting process – stimulates the enzyme ME/CFS patients are low in . Once that enzyme is present calcium levels could be increased .
Putting those substances together had no effect on healthy controls who presumably have functioning NK cells .
It 's clearly a complex situation but the takeaway message I got was that both types of NK cells had problems with ion channel ( TPRM3 ) expression and calcium levels .
The TRPM3 Ion Channels
Because these ion channels allow calcium into the cell , a deficit of these channels could result in reduced intracellular levels of calcium – an essential element . ( TRPM3 also controls levels of magnesium in the cell . ) As we 've seen , deficits in these ion channels were found in both types of NK cells .
The NCNED 's earlier research suggests that ME/CFS patients may have increased levels of mutations in the genes that produce these ion channels . They 've also found low intracellular calcium levels in ME/CFS patients NK cell Increasing those levels may help with the NK cell killing problems . The studies are small but the evidence seems to be adding up .
The Big Picture
The big news , though , is not the NK cells but the possibility that the same gene mutations have impaired the activity of these ion channels in cells across the body .
A review of these ion channels suggests they may in particular affect the sensory neurons – an intriguing finding given the many weird sensations ME/CFS patients experience . These ion channels , interestingly enough , given the feelings of heat or burning experienced by some patients , appear to play a role in the sensation of heat and could induce a hypersensitivity to heat . They are also found in the brain , spinal cord , sensory neurons , pituitary , kidney , eye , testis and fatty tissue , plus they 're also expressed in sperm cells , ovaries , pancreas , heart , blood vessels and bladder . That could make them a perfect fit for a disease that affects so many areas .
Donald Staines of the NCNED explained ME/CFS like this :
“ This dysfunction affects the brain , the spinal cord , the pancreas , which is why there are so many different manifestations of the illness – sometimes patients will suffer from cardiac symptoms , sometimes it will be symptoms in the gut . ”
Other kinds of stress have not yet been associated with these still poorly researched ion channels , but Staines noted that similar ion channels are known as “ threat receptors ” . That fits in with the increased sense of threat or wiredness that seems almost ubiquitous in this disease .
Sonya Marshall-Gradisnuk – the leader of the group – told IFL Science that these receptors are so primitive virtually any stressor – from an infection to a toxin to perfume – could set them off . According to Science Alert Staines suggested that these stressors cause calcium receptors to ramp up – exposing the genetic problems present – and causing chaotic calcium conditions in the cells .
Regarding treatments , Staines was optimistic stating that potential treatments for malfunctioning ion channels “ are already being used for other conditions. ” Because we already have “ good safety data ” on them and know how well they are tolerated , etc . “ if they are found to work in the lab , clinical trials should be smoother sailing . ”
Staines was n't willing to talk about a cure , but hey , a normal life would be a huge step up : “ We do n't know that we can necessarily cure the illness but we can help people lead a normal life . ”
Dr , Gradisnuk-Marshall was willing to answer the following questions :
Can you say what the putative biomarker would consist of ? All the polymorphisms associated with TRPM3 or some of them or the polymorphisms plus other factors ?
We are exploring a number of potential biomarkers . We are not limiting ourselves here because of the extraordinary complexity of this illness .
Have you been able to check out other cells yet to see if the TRPM3 problems are present in them ?
Our investigation of other cell types is ongoing .
Are you satisfied that the TRPM3 problems are causing the NK cell killing problems ?
Still a long way to go as these ion channels behave in complex ways with many additional interactions which may have a role in the pathology .
Will you be examining the polymorphism in other disease groups ?
We are totally focused on CFS/ME at this stage .
Take care and best wishes
Sonya and Don
Conclusions
The studies have been quite small but the NCNED is clearly confident that they 're onto something important . A diagnostic test is a top priority and has been for a year or so . Last year a news report stated the team was searching for partners to produce an ME/CFS diagnostic test involving these genetic polymorphisms . Last December they scored $ 4 million ( @ $ 3 million U.S. ) in funding to develop this diagnostic test and explore drug treatments . That 's on top of the $ 2.5 million ( @ $ 1.9 million U.S. ) they received earlier to do likewise .
It 'll be fascinating to find out what percentage of patients have these SNP 's or mutations.The NCNED identified a range of TPMR3 polymorphisms ( as well as other polymorphisms ) in an earlier study . Does the potential biomarker consist of all of those polymorphisms ( in combination with others ? ) or ?
If the group is correct that the TRPM3 problem is body-wide in ME/CFS , it could help explain the huge range of symptoms found in ME/CFS . No study evidence indicates that these problems exist in other cells , but the NCNED group 's willingness to assert that that 's probably the case suggests they may already have evidence of that in their lab . Bigger studies involving other disease groups as well as studies that establish symptom relevance are needed and it appears are coming .
The Democratic National Committee rejected help from the Department of Homeland Security following Russian hacks into its computer systems during the 2016 election cycle , according to former DHS chief Jeh Johnson .
In testimony before the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday , Johnson also said that the DNC , much to their “ disappointment , ” did not cooperate in any way with DHS to respond to the hacks .
Johnson said that they first became aware of intrusions into DNC systems sometime last year , several months after the FBI had learned of the breach .
They testified that hacks in 2015 on the Office of Personnel Management spurred them to press their staff “ to know whether DHS was sufficiently proactive , and on the scene helping the DNC identify the intruders and patch vulnerabilities , ” according to prepared remarks they submitted to the committee .
“ I was anxious to know whether our folks were in there . The response I got was FBI had spoken to them , they do n't want our help , they have CrowdStrike , ” Johnson testified , referring to the cybersecurity firm that investigated the Russian hacks on behalf of the DNC .
“ And that was the answer I got after I asked the question a number of times over the progression of time . ”
“ The FBI and the DNC had been in contact with each other months before about the intrusion , and the DNC did not feel it needed DHS 's assistance at that time , ” Johnson added in their prepared remarks .
WATCH :
It is not clear why the DNC rejected DHS 's assistance . But it 's not the first time that the organization has been accused of refusing to take help from federal agencies seeking to investigate the hacks .
U.S. officials believe that Russian intelligence agencies carried out email hacks against the DNC and Hillary Clinton campaign and released documents through WikiLeaks and other websites . WikiLeaks released the DNC emails in July and began dumping Clinton campaign documents in October .
In January , senior FBI officials said that the DNC “ rebuffed ” investigators ' request to obtain access to DNC servers .
“ The FBI repeatedly stressed to DNC officials the necessity of obtaining direct access to servers and data , only to be rebuffed until well after the initial compromise had been mitigated , ” the official told CNN . “ This left the FBI no choice but to rely upon a third party for information . These actions caused significant delays and inhibited the FBI from addressing the intrusion earlier . ”
In their testimony , Johnson said that they “ was not very happy ” to have learned about the DNC hack several months after the FBI . They also said that they did not know who at DNC made the decision to rebuff DHS 's offer to help .
“ Why would the victim of a crime not turn over a server ? ” South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy asked Johnson at one point in the hearing .
“ I 'm not going to argue with you , sir , ” Johnson replied .
Rep. Gowdy , on the DNC : “ Why would the victim of a crime turn over a server ? ”
Johnson : “ I 'm not going to argue with you , sir. ” pic.twitter.com/zph4BChKjR — CBS News ( @ CBSNews ) June 21 , 2017
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Cheap ! ( Triborough 's flickr )
The cost of jumping a turnstile could soon be much higher . Yesterday the State Senate passed a bill which would allow the MTA to raise the current maximum fine for farebeaters from $ 100 to $ 500 and the penalty for not paying from $ 50 to $ 100 . Suddenly an unlimited Metrocard looks affordable ?
The move to raise the fine comes after a study found that in 2009 there were 18.5 million fares skipped , with an average of 50,684 people jumping turnstiles each day . `` The report estimated that a routine offender could expect to get a $ 100 citation once every six to 13 weeks , which is actually cheaper than spending the $ 162 it costs to buy six weekly metrocards . '' That 's a tremendous amount of money for the cash-strapped MTA to leave on the table !
`` The MTA and its fare-paying riders should n't have to spend tens of millions of dollars more each year paying for other people 's illegal free rides . At a time when every dollar counts , the MTA needs stronger tools to discourage fare-evasion . '' Senator Charles Fuschillo ( R-LI ) , the Transportation Committee chairperson and sponsor of the bill , said after the vote . In order for the legislation to become law it now needs to be passed by the Assembly and signed by Governor Cuomo .
Global carbon budget analyses1,3,25 and CO 2 atmospheric inversion studies9 suggest a terrestrial net carbon sink ( measured as the net exchange between the atmosphere and all lands ) of approximately 1.4 ± 0.4 PgC yr−1 . Using biome-specific ratios of aboveground and total biomass carbon ( ABC/TBC ; ref . 26 ) and ratios between TBC and total carbon stock ( see Supplementary Table 3 in Pan et al.5 ) , combined with the MODIS IGBP dynamic land-cover maps for 2003–2012 , we estimated trends in mean forest ABC and total forest carbon of +0.10 and +1.19 PgC yr−1 , respectively , for this period ( Table 1 ) . Global total forest area was similar for 2003 and 2012 , but there was a reduction in tropical forests and an increase in boreal and temperate forests . The very different carbon structure of tropical and boreal forests plays a crucial role in increasing the global total forest carbon stock : tropical forests store 44 % of total carbon in aboveground biomass but boreal forests only 15 % , with the remainder contained in living roots , litter and soil organic carbon5 . Total biomass carbon in non-forest biomes increased by +0.63 PgC yr−1 ( Table 1 ) , with an unknown change in non-living carbon . Combined , these numbers suggest a net terrestrial sink of at least +1.82 PgC yr−1 for 2003–2012 , still consistent with that estimated from the global carbon budget1,3,9 . The main uncertainty in the rate of increase is associated with the slow and passive carbon pools of soil organic matter , which are expected to take longer to respond than short-term biomass variations .
Table 1 : Linear trends in ABC ( aboveground biomass carbon ) , TBC ( above- and belowground biomass carbon combined ) and total carbon stock for various biome classes during 2003–2012 . Full size table
Our findings based on an assessment of all lands reveal that non-forests also contribute to the global land sink , contrary to previous analysis where the land sink has been largely attributed to forests in Pan and colleagues5 . The additional sinks are still consistent with mass conservation of the global carbon because of the level of uncertainties reported here and in Pan et al.5 , particularly for the large and highly uncertain flux from forest regrowth in the tropics . Our findings also show that savannahs and shrublands in southern Africa and northern Australia are becoming an increasingly important component of interannual variability in the carbon cycle , consistent with recent studies based on terrestrial biosphere model , atmospheric CO 2 inversion and field experiments27,28 .
Human Entropy Fri 20 May 2016
Edit :
You may not want to read this blogpost on mobile . The d3 stuff can be a bit heavy .
In this document we 'll do an experiment to see if humans can generate random numbers effectively . We will use you , a human to do this . Please click the heads/tails button as randomly as you can . You may also use the 1 ( heads ) or 0 ( tails ) keys on your keyboards ( which probably is a whole lot faster if you are on a laptop ) .
Head Tails
You 've currently generated 0 numbers , please ensure that you got about 100 before moving on .
You are likely to cheat if you scroll down , which is fine when you try this a second time but it would be best to do a clean attempt beforehand .
Inverse Turing Test
Let us do an inverse turing test .
You 've just given your sequence of 'random ' numbers . There are many axes for judging if you have given random data . In this document we will focus on the markov chain that we can learn from the generated input . The counts for these markov models are graphed below . You may see no bias in the first or second chart , but as you scroll down it may become more and more biased to a certain pattern .
Often , humans fall into a pattern instead of delivering true randomness . Especially repeating 0-1-0-1 or 1-0-1-0 is common . Using the barcharts it may become evident if this is the case .
Probability of predictions
Let us go a step further . It is well possible that you are such a terrible random number generator that an actual machine can predict your 'randomness ' . We can use the counts from before to generate simple markov models $ M_k $ ( where $ k $ the number of steps we look back ) . Each markov chain can then say how likely it is to see a heads ( or a 1 ) given the last $ k $ coinflips we 've seen ( this is denoted by $ x_ { -k } $ ) .
$ $ P_ { M_k } ( H | x_ { -k } ) $ $
We can combine these models . We train $ M_1 , ... , M_5 $ in real time , because it is just counting on a stream , and combine these via a naive ensemble rule .
$ $ P ( H|x ) \approx \prod_ { i=1 } ^5 \frac { P_ { M_k } ( H | x_ { -k } ) } { P_ { M_k } ( H | x_ { -k } ) + P_ { M_k } (
eg H | x_ { -k } ) } $ $
If the math confuses you ; we just average out what each independant markov chain thinks . This is a blunt model , especially because we 're sticking to discrete-land while a beta distribution would be much better here . Still , this should be able to pick up a lot of common human patterns . We 'll also introduce some smoothing in the beginning to prevent a very early overfit . We encourge the reader to try and changing their pattern a few times to see how the markov chains respond .
When we do this the predictions over time are show below . The lines $ p_1 , ... , p_5 $ correspond to the predictions of markov chain $ M_1 , ... , M_5 $ and pred corresponds to the prediction from $ P ( H|x ) $ .
The accuracy of this naive ensemble is depicted in the plot below . We show the total accuracy as well as the accuracy of the last 15 predictions . We do this to also demonstrate how the markovs can learn new patterns .
Conclusion
So with these numbers , how random might the supplied data be ? Well , if the data truly was random then the number of correct predictions needs to come from the following distribution ;
$ $ P ( a | H_0 ) \sim Bin ( \frac { 1 } { 2 } , n ) \sim { n \choose k } p^k ( 1-p ) ^ { n-k } $ $
This means that our found accuracy can help us determine how likely it is that the data is generated randomly . In maths , with the given data ; $ \sum_i P ( H_0 | x_i \geq a ) = $ 0.5 . This is by no means the only axis where we can measure randomness , but it is able to filter out a lot of human behavior .
Mainly , coding this was a lot of fun .
Bonus : What would a robot do ?
You may be wondering what the result is if an actual robot filled this in . Press the button below to find out .
Restart and robot
Shoutouts
This document was created together with @ jbnicolai_ , props to him !
Marco Rubio apologized to Donald Trump for making fun of their hand size , the former Republican candidate said in an interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper that aired Sunday .
`` I actually told Donald — one of the debates , I forget which one — I apologized to them for that , '' Rubio explained on State of the Union . `` I said , 'You know , I 'm sorry that I said that . It 's not who I am and I should n't have done it . ' I did n't say it in front of the cameras . I did n't want any political benefit . '' Rubio recently indirectly indicated they will support Trump this November .
The Trump-Rubio tiff dates to February , when the Florida senator hit back at Trump after the presumed GOP nominee began calling them `` Little Rubio . '' `` You know what they say about guys with small hands , '' they quipped , adding after a pause , `` You ca n't trust 'em ! '' Trump has been sensitive to suggestions that their hands are small since a 1988 magazine article called them a `` short-fingered vulgarian . '' Bonnie Kristian
Grow up , Nuggets .
Enough , already , of these kids .
Ca n't we get some adults in here ?
It 's about time , sometime in our lifetime , that the Nuggets win an NBA title , or a conference title , or finish first again in the division , or , ye gads , even get back to the postseason .
I 've only been covering this franchise — Rockets/Nuggets — for 42 seasons , and I 'm sort of tired of seasons with 33 , 30 , 36 and 17 , 14 , 11 victories .
Golden State and Cleveland are playing Sunday in the NBA Finals finale . Must be nice .
The Nuggets last played more than two months ago , with snow on the ground , and lost their seventh game in nine . Management and the coach had claimed they would be in the playoffs , just like the claims of last season and the year before .
Sounds like the Rockies , who keep giving us the old delirious and daft “ Wait until next decade . ''
There 's a reason the Nuggets were the bottom of league attendance in 2015-16 . I 'm not the only fatigued follower .
So , wow-wee , the Nuggets have the seventh overall pick in the draft Thursday . They 'll probably end up with a guy you never heard of ( Marquese Chriss ) or a young underachiever ( Jaylen Brown ) . You think one of those two will lead the Nuggets to an elite place in the West Conference ? Think not .
The Friday column written by my esteemed colleague Mark Kiszla listed the four choices the Nuggets might steal .
I 've got a fifth choice : Trade the pick for an accomplished star , and the Nuggets wo n't have to wait another five years before they contend .
Instead , the Nuggets probably will keep their three precious first-round draft picks and feature a roster next season with seven players under the age of 22 , and another two or three barely 25 .
Maybe they 'll be invited by the NCAA to March Madness .
Samuel Beckett 's “ Waiting for Godot ” and the Nuggets are tragicomedies .
Denver has clutched five “ world '' championships in the four major major-league sports . Sure , they had outstanding youths , but the Avalanche won two because of the fortunate addition of goalie Patrick Roy . And the Broncos won three because they waited 15 years until John Elway was surrounded , mostly , by veterans . And the other title was with another old quarterback and a defense and an offense littered with old-timers , and one superstar linebacker selected No . 2 overall , not seventh .
Carmelo Anthony was a unique youngster , but they did n't achieve anything until the Nuggets acquired veteran “ Mr . Big Shot '' Chauncey Billups . Still , they lost the West to the Lakers and superstar Kobe Bryant .
Do you really want a team in 2016-17 that starts four toddlers — Emmanuel Mudiay , Jusuf Nurkic , Gary Harris and the New Person — with Kenneth Faried or Danilo Gallinari , two players with ongoing potential ? ( Former coach Doug Moe always said : “ Potential means you 're not any good now . '' )
Joffrey Lauvergne ? Really ? Will Barton ? Pleasant fellow .
Have you gotten excited about any of those 17 potential draft picks the Nugs have paraded through Denver ? Me , neither . Have you seen Ben Simmons or Brandon Ingram ?
Nuggets ' general manager Tim Connelly basically is saying top draft picks and free agents are n't interested in Denver . What 's wrong with Denver ? I 've lived in two other NBA cities , and I can tell you that Colorado is way up above New York and Memphis . Oakland ? Philadelphia ? Chicago ? Give me a break . Miami , if you like heat . Los Angeles , if you 're Stan Kroenke or Jack Nicholson .
NFL draft picks and free agents appear to like living and playing in Denver . Perhaps it 's because of the city , and maybe it 's because the Broncos are winners . Peyton Manning and DeMarcus Ware , among many others , did n't mind coming to Denver .
The Nuggets should take that seventh slot and trade it to the Sacramento Kings , with Gallinari and Faried , for DeMarcus Cousins , who had a special relationship with coach Michael Malone . The Kings want more ? Throw in another first-round draft choice .
Or the Nuggets should trade all three first-round draft picks and high-energy Faried , or “ oft-injured '' Gallinari , to the Chicago Bulls for shooting guard Jimmy Butler . Or how about all three , and Faried , for Indiana 's Paul George .
Then , if the Nuggets obtain Cousins , Butler or George on or about the draft day , they can take a serious run at Kevin Durant . No way , the Nuggets , you say . Why not , I say .
If Durant likes Oklahoma City , he 'll love Denver . I was in Boulder on Jan. 6 , 2007 , when Durant , in their first-year student ( and only ) season at Texas , played their first conference game against Colorado . They went for 37 points , and I wrote they would be an NBA superstar . They are .
The Nuggets need grown-ups . If they do n't shoot for the stars , they 'll always be left on Earth — with babies .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS , Ind . – Thousands of runners headed downtown over the weekend and laced up their sneakers to run the 500 Festival Mini-Marathon .
But one particular runner 's routine was a little different . They did n't bother lacing up their shoes at the starting line . That 's because their shoes did n't have laces .
Utah native Benjamin Pachev , 18 , ran the mini-marathon in Crocs . No , they did n't forget their running shoes . They actually chose to run in Crocs , and the shoe choice definitely did n't slow them down .
“ People look over at me and say what the heck are you thinking ? ” they said
Pachev came in 16th place with an official time of 1:11:53 .
500 Festival Communication Director Sabrina List says he 's also very smart . They already have a bachelor 's degree in applied mathematics from BYU .
Their dad , Alexander Pachev , who goes by the nickname Sasha , also ran the mini-marathon in Crocs with an incredible time of 1:16:07 . They claim to be the fastest father of ten in the half marathon .
Pachev says they encouraged the family to start wearing Crocs after realizing that running shoes for all 10 of their kids would be too expensive . With Crocs , they say they save money , while also making use of an effective running shoe .
“ And we find the cheapest colors . If they 're hot pink and that 's the cheapest color we buy it , ” they said .
Benjamin says the family finds Crocs to be effective because they do n't cause blisters on their feet , and also keep their feet cool .
“ It 's like having a little fan that 's just streaming air over your foot , ” Benjamin said .
Benjamin says the shoes are also fairly durable , lasting roughly 2,000 miles of before showing any signs of wearing down . They say they currently they run about 65 miles per week .
When the World Cup is finally over and the last tears have fallen , there will still be statues . There are more than four hundred public , soccer-related statues around the world , according to a database just published by the Sporting Statues Project— statues of Pelé , of Ronaldo , of Northern Ireland 's George Best , of players and managers otherwise lost to time . They stand outside stadiums ; they occupy town squares , traffic circles , and graveyards . Of the four life-size statues honoring the retired Mexican striker Hugo Sánchez , two are installed on the roof of their own house in Cancún .
The Sporting Statues Project was started , in 2010 , by Chris Stride and John Wilson , two statisticians at the University of Sheffield , and Ffion Thomas , who is pursuing a Ph.D. at the University of Central Lancashire 's International Football Institute . Four years ago , Stride ran a study that counted and categorized every incident of cheating during the 2010 World Cup . After that , they got to wondering about the many soccer statues they saw in the U.K. To compile their global list , Stride and Thomas spoke to sculptors , football historians , and museum curators around the world and searched Google in multiple languages . The two have become statuary scholars , publishing on subjects such as “ Honoring Heroes by Branding in Bronze : Theorizing the UK 's Football Statuary ” and “ The Thierry Henry Statue : A Hollow Icon ? ” ( They 've also built databases of all the known statues related to baseball , cricket , and Britain 's sportsmen and women . )
“ The interesting thing here is not how many there were and where , but why they were there , ” Stride told me . “ Statues tell you more about the people who put them up than the person who 's depicted . ”
The oldest statue they found , of an anonymous player ( “ The Footballer ” ) , was erected in 1903 , in Copenhagen , but ninety-five per cent have gone up in the past two decades , and that timing is revealing , Stride said . Money began pouring into élite club soccer in the early nineteen-nineties . ( The top-flight English Premier League started in 1992 . ) Formerly local clubs became teams of transient all-stars , with players happy to be traded for just a little more money . Quirky ( and often dangerous ) stadiums were replaced by what Stride and Thomas have called “ identikit stadia evoking little memory or tradition. ” Football fans , like their baseball counterparts in the U.S. , began pining for a prelapsarian era of player fealty and true sports meaning .
Statues aim for that soft spot . Most are erected by clubs , to tap into fans ' nostalgia . “ It 's the club saying , We have a tradition ; we 're a historic team , ” Stride said . “ Clubs are trying to get some identity into the stadium , and a statue is a cheap and easy way to do it. ” Sometimes fans will organize their own statue-building efforts , as a way of showing that “ fans own the club 's history , too , not just the corporate people , ” Stride said . And then there are rogue statues , like “ Coup de Tête , ” erected by an artist in Doha , which depicts an infamous encounter between French striker Zinedine Zidane and Italy 's Marco Materazzi in the 2006 World Cup final . “ Zidane headbutting Materazzi would not be something that football authorities would want to you be thinking about , ” Stride said . “ But it is a side of the game that fans actually secretly enjoy . ”
In a newspaper interview in 1994 , Marty Baudet , the executive director of Affirmation , the flagship gay Mormon support group , said : “ I predict society will acknowledge gay rights and , 20 years down the road , the church will find itself out of step once again [ as in the case of LDS racial restrictions ] and trying not to look bad. ” ⁠1 Baudet 's prediction was not quite as prophetic as it seems . It took only 19 years .
In the wake of this prediction , the Church would spend the past two decades overtly and covertly engaged in political battles to prevent the legalization and normalization of same-sex marriage . With today 's SCOTUS rulings , the vast amounts of material and political capital spent by the LDS Church and its membership to oppose this change have been spent for naught , and may prove to be counterproductive to the direction the church must now chart .
The question that the LDS church faces is how to navigate its image in a world where same-sex marriage is legal and the norm in the United States . There is little doubt that the Church 's opposition to same-sex marriage will stigmatize it and will become one of the key aspects of its public image for the foreseeable future , just as past forays into politics have persisted in its reputation .
Will this change result in “ persecution ” of religious groups who do not practice same-sex marriages among their membership , like Catholics , conservative evangelicals , and Mormons ? I suppose that it depends on what one means by persecution . In spite of fears , it is unlikely that churches will face any material or operational restrictions that are central to core ecclesiastical objectives . These groups will likely face negative public opinion for their views , but a negative opinion is not really persecution . In fact , these groups already hold many views and practice that are publicly unpopular or out of step with legal norms , such as views on abortion , the status of women in the organization , and other controversial historical or doctrinal claims . These discontinuities have not been detrimental , though they do pose long term risks to generational shifts .
Indeed , being on the opposite side of popular public opinion is not a new situation for the LDS Church . The church has faced severe public scrutiny in its history for polygamy , opposition to Civil Rights , LDS racial restrictions on priesthood and temple admission , opposition to equal rights for women , and now same-sex marriage . Still , the LDS church has survived and in many cases thrived in the wake of these challenges . No doubt they continue to haunt the church , but the leadership was able to create new opportunities . In the wake of polygamy , the LDS church adopted the model of the nuclear family as its chief point of identity , a strategy that was successful for a century . After reversing its restrictions on race , the church has grown exponentially in Africa and South America . Even in the aftermath of the ERA victory , the church has benefited from LDS women who have steadily gained influence and won several minor battles over church policy .
There are three possible routes the Church may take in this new situation of the age of same-sex marriage . First , we may see same-sex marriage become a politicized issue similar to abortion rights . Opposition to same-sex marriage may be a staple political issue that will last for decades after this decision . Perhaps it will become a new litmus test for politicians and judges . This future seems unlikely , however , largely because places where SSM has been accepted have not seen prominent movements to roll it back after the initial pushback . Public opinion seems to only move in the direction of favoring same-sex marriage with time . No doubt some conservatives will continue to reject it , but in time conservatives will likely come to embrace it just as they have eventually embraced certain aspects of workers rights , Civil Rights , feminism , and other progressive movements .
Second , we may see the church 's continued opposition to same-sex marriage reduce its appeal in North America , Europe , and other regions , while increasing its appeal in more conservative and traditional societies . Being too far out of step with broader cultural norms does pose some threats to membership . Public and intellectual pressure to conform will take its toll , especially on younger members . As time passes , the shrinking grounds of legitimate arguments opposing same-sex marriage will make it difficult for members to reconcile their faith with political realties . For the past half-century or more , LDS growth in the global north has limped , while having exploded in the global south . Embrace of heterosexual definitions of marriage may appeal to and even accelerate the shift to a non-US based church .
Third , the church may move to various degrees of accommodation of same-sex marriages . Certainly we will continue to see measured and gentler rhetoric about homosexuality in general . The church may , for instance , acknowledge the validity of same-sex marriages for congregation members , even approving bishops to perform them , while still reserving temple sealings for heterosexual couples alone . It is also possible that the church may eventually take steps away from a theology that unnecessarily privileges heterosexuality , as I have argued more fully here .
Just how exactly the church and its members will respond in the coming years to this new reality remains to be seen . While the Church once found itself with a comfortable majority opposing same-sex marriage , it may soon find itself on an iceberg in a melting climate . How it navigates these potentially rough waters will affect decades of members , investigators , and its broader public image in the US and around the world .
￼___________________
1 Mike Carter , “ Same-sex Marriage : Are LDS Gearing Up for a Holy War ? ” Salt Lake Trib . Mar 26 , 1994 .
Update : it appears that after an hour 's outage , all three services are back online .
A Facebook spokesperson said , “ Earlier this evening many people had trouble accessing Facebook and Instagram . This was not the result of a third party attack but instead occurred after we introduced a change that affected our configuration systems . We moved quickly to fix the problem , and both services are back to 100 % for everyone . ”
Original story follows :
Users worldwide are experiencing issues connecting to Facebook , Instagram and Tinder , on the Web and via mobile apps .
It 's not clear what 's causing the outage , which first occurred around 1:10am ET . However , Facebook-owned mobile messaging service WhatsApp is running as usual .
It appears that hacker group Lizard Squad is claiming responsibility for the outage which might have been caused by a DDoS attack . Lizard Squad attacked Malaysia Airlines ' site only yesterday and took down online gaming services Xbox Live and PlayStation Network last Christmas .
https : //twitter.com/LizardMafia/status/559963134006292481
The last instance of Facebook going down was back in September for roughly 15 minutes , when the social network went down twice that month .
We 've contacted Facebook for more details and will update this post as soon as we hear back .
While they 're down , it seems sensible to read our complete guide to backing up your computer .
Read next : Meet Vivaldi , a new browser from the former CEO of Opera
Real started and ended strongly , but a strong five minute spell for Barcelona before half time was enough for them .
Pep Guardiola named an unchanged side from the first leg , with Jose Pinto continuing in goal .
Jose Mourinho named a very attacking side , with Kaka coming in as the central playmaker annd Gonzalo Higuain upfront . Pepe moved into defence .
This was as dominant and proactive a performance as we 've seen from Real Madrid under Jose Mourinho in the Clasicos – Barcelona were rarely allowed to get into their stride , and were hanging on late in the game .
Early stages
As we 've come to expect , Real pressed from the opening minute , with four attackers moving forward to shut down Barcelona 's four defenders . And , as we 've also become accustomed to , they had an early chance before Barcelona had settled , when Higuain capitalized upon a poor pass , but shot wide within ten seconds .
That incident summed up the first half – Barcelona 's passing was sloppy , but Real wasted chances . Mourinho 's side deserve a large share of the credit for their work rate and bravery in chasing early on , but equally Pinto seemed to cause Barça a lot of problems – they are n't as comfortable as Valdes on the ball , and a couple of times their poor distribution resulted in giving the ball away near the penalty box .
Real also did well at transitions . It 's not often they play more direct attacking players , and Kaka did well to drive counter-attacks forward a couple of times . As Sergio Busquets was drawn to Kaka , space often opened up for Mesut Ozil , who had one of their more prominent Clasicos coming in from the right of a 4-2-3-1 .
But then , Barcelona would have been expecting Real pressure from the first whistle – Real just always seem to fade after around 30 minutes . But , despite the goals going in just before half time , that did n't really happen .
Barcelona problems
Barcelona 's passing was much poorer than usual . There seemed to be two main problems here – first , they could n't get the ball out from the back quickly because of Real 's pressing . Second , they did n't stretch the play well enough , and were trying to play in a congested space in the middle . In the first leg , their out-ball was always Iniesta , free on the left wing . They played the same role again , but was up against Alvaro Arbeloa , a natural full-back , rather than Hamit Altintop , who did n't know how to play the position .
Therefore , Arbeloa was much better at tracking their man , Iniesta did n't know whether to go wide ( where they rarely got the ball ) or come inside , where they then added to the congestion . Barça did n't have a right-winger , Dani Alves had been told to play more cautiously , and what 's more , Barça did n't even seem to be focusing upon ball retention and killing the game – they gave the ball away too much .
Their main area of penetration in the first game was by hitting balls over the defence , and looking for Cesc Fabregas to break from midfield . Fabregas did that once , but played a poor pass to Messi . Alexis Sanchez was the other threat , playing right-of-centre and working that side of the pitch , but Real seemed to play a little deeper in defence than in the first leg . They also had Pepe , more mobile than Ricardo Carvalho .
Real were n't as compact as usual , though . When Lassana Diarra moved forward towards Xavi , it often meant Messi was free between the lines . That was most obvious for the first goal – look at where Messi gets the ball , he 's beyond Real 's two holders already . As brilliant as their run and pass was , they did n't actually have to go past a challenge .
It was Pedro who scored the goal , and Barcelona actually benefited from Andres Iniesta 's injury . Pedro came on , stretched the play and provided the threat of pace over the top – it seemed to expand the active playing zone and give Barça more space to play in elsewhere .
Substitutions
The key to the second half , and Real 's comeback , was Mourinho 's double substitution after an hour . Esteban Granero had already replaced Diarra , primarily as the Frenchman was on a booking ( and if they ca n't tackle , there 's no point them being on the pitch ) but this also helped Real move the ball more quickly .
Karim Benzema replaced Higuain and went upfront in a straight swap , but more interestingly Jose Callejon was introduced down the left , with Kaka going off . That meant they could watch Dani Alves ' runs , and Ronaldo could go upfront . Real were now , more or less , 4-4-2 , with Benzema and Ronaldo taking it in turns with their movement – one went left , the other went right . One came deep , the other went over the top .
It worked excellently , pulling Gerard Pique and Carles Puyol all over the pitch . Those two had looked nervous all night , but this meant they no longer had a spare man , and Guardiola did n't take the decision to move Sergio Busquets deeper to form more of a back three / five , which would have been the logical option – Fabregas and Xavi would have played in midfield , and Javier Mascherano could have come from the bench if needed . Busquets , after all , was no longer dealing with a central playmaker .
Maybe a spare man would have prevented the Real goals ? It 's impossible to say , but Ronaldo 's march past Puyol was relatively easy , and the second goal was another example of Barcelona conceding possession cheaply at the back . It 's not that they looked to pass it , it 's that they passed it poorly , and then found themselves in poor positions .
Another issue was Barcelona 's lack of pressure from the front . Indeed , whilst they were n't outpassed here , they were probably outpressed by Real .
Late on , Guardiola replaced Sanchez with Mascherano , who went to centre-back , with Puyol moving across to the right . Again , an extra centre-back ( rather than a replacement centre-back ) seemed more sensible , but Barcelona held on .
Conclusion
Real did n't win the match , nor the tie , but they produced as good a performance as you 'll see from an away side at the Nou Camp this season . Mourinho was braver than ever before with their selection and instructions to press – Real won the ball high up , stopping Barça building attacks , and creating chances of their own .
Their problem was the simple wastefulness in front of goal – they produced more goalscoring chances than Barça ; only finishing let them down . The blame there lies with certain players , rather than with Mourinho 's tactics , which worked well .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
The BBC 's Woman 's Hour has finally and scientifically proven what it has been telling the nation for nearly 70 years -- -women are totally brilliant and men are just a bunch of complete bastards .
NB : This is a gender political sketch and while all of the objective facts are true , all of the subjective feelings expressed here are made up and not real !
SEE ALSO : BBC Woman 's Hour hides the fact that male voters are more supportive of women leaders
After years of being dismissed by sexist men who have insisted that feelings are not the same as facts , Woman 's Hour used science this week to put the patriarchy in its place with conclusive proof that men are shits and women are saints .
And to show us misogynistic men , once and for all , how rubbish we are ( and how tough women have it ) , the BBC took some of the licence fee payers ' money ( mostly paid by men because of , erm , sexism ) and hired a polling company , that 's run by a woman , to prove that the glass ceiling does n't exist .
The glass ceiling is a scientific fact
Oops , no , sorry , that should say… .. a polling company run by one of the few women who has managed against all the odds to overcome the oppression and discrimination they have faced ( from all those mansplaining , manspreading , catcalling men who dominate every aspect of public life ) , to become a CEO .
And they kindly asked them to take a day off from being oppressed and enter the safe space of Woman 's Hour to explain how their scientific poll of British men and women could be used to prove something really grown up and important like , you know , how women are great and men smell .
What Dr Michelle Harrison 's TNS poll did reveal was that with less than one hundred days to go to a general election , women are now less likely to vote than at any time since the days when women did n't have the vote ( and most men did n't either , even though they were dying in the trenches , but ssshhhh , we do n't mention that bit ) .
Dr Harrison started by explaining that a lot of women do n't feel like voting at this year 's general election :
“ I think that the thing that struck me the most is that we 've only got 55 % of women intending to vote at the next election . That would be the largest democratic deficit of women in modern times . If you go back to 1992 , there were 78 % of eligible women who voted and 77 % of men . If you go back to the last election it had dropped to 64 % of women and 67 % of men . According to the poll that TNS has done for Woman 's Hour , this is looking like 55 % of women and 65 % of men . That 's a really significant issue . ”
Women died for the right to not vote
Significant because 45 % of women might not vote , but not significant because 35 % of men might not vote either -- -I mean , it 's not as though men are too scared to go to a polling station because they 'll be harassed on the way ; they 're probably too busy perpetuating rape culture or trolling women on Twitter or neglecting their kids to even bother voting anyway .
Which is no bad thing , as men only vote for other men and hate all female politicians as the Woman 's Hour poll proved conclusively .
Well actually , it did n't prove it objectively , because that pesky patriarchal construct -- -you know , statistics -- -- showed that 11 % of male voters thought Theresa May would perform very well as leader of the Conservative Party , compared with 9 % of female voters .
But this is how Woman 's Hour presenter , Jane Garvey , interpreted that particular finding using a highly superior and scientific methodology called feminist logic :
`` Theresa May ... was more popular amongst women than men , right ? ”
Fortunately , there was no sexist man in the studio to patronisingly “ mansplain ” that Jane had got the so-called facts wrong . Instead , at long last , Woman 's Hour had a proper scientist in the studio who would simply overlook the fact that their own company 's survey had found that 44 % of men and 44 % of women said Theresa May would perform well or very well .
Brilliant ! Enough of baffling the public with scientific fact , what about scientific feelings -- -if women feel that men are sexist towards female politicians then it must be a fact -- -even when the patriarchy 's emotionally illiterate statistics try to tell us otherwise .
Which is why the so-called fact that more men than women say that the feminist Yvette Cooper would perform well as leader of the Labour Party was n't even reported -- -because it did n't feel right -- -and we all know repressing feelings is a function of hyper-masculinity and so needs to be challenged and deconstructed by , erm , giving more scientific value to feelings rather than facts .
Moving quickly on , before any “ real ” statisticians listening could try and mind-rape the women in the studio with logical tweets about the actual facts of the report , Jane Garvey asked Dr Harrison to explain -- -using science -- -how life is really shit for women , while men are as happy as a bunch of chauvinistic pigs in shit , enjoying the privileges of the patriarchy .
The good doctor explained thus :
“ You will classically see more of an emphasis on public services from women , so in the Woman 's Hour poll women have got education in their top five , whereas men are more likely to talk about the economy or pensions , as you see in the Woman 's Hour poll , men have put the economy and pensions in their top five .
“ That 's a classic difference that we expect to see and I think it 's a good signal on the way in which women still bear the brunt of things that are quite immediate in the family , so , the cost of caring for family , making that budget manage on a week-to-week basis is their burden still . ”
Brilliant ! We would never have got this kind of hard proof from a male statistician . A male statistician would have told us something sexist like :
31 % of men say that the economy ( including the deficit and unemployment ) is one of their top three political concerns
21 % of women say the same
30 % of women say the cost of caring for family is one of their top three political concerns
20 % of men say the same
Trigger warning !
Then they would have gone on and on and on dominating the conversation , forcefully mansplaining their findings saying offensive , triggering things like :
“ This means that if you had twenty people -- -half of them male and half of them female -- -then five would say the economy was a concern ( three men , two women ) and five would say the cost of caring for their family was a concern ( three women , two men ) . ”
But this sounds kind of equal , which does n't equate with women 's lived experiences , which are more valid than facts -- -thank heavens we had a proper woman scientist to explain what these findings really meant .
According to Dr Harrison , the fact that three out of five respondents who are concerned about the economy and two out of five respondents who are concerned about the cost of caring for their family are men , is proof that women have it harder than men -- -- which is a leap of feminist logic that a sexist male statistician would obviously try and suppress .
If only men would LISTEN !
For the sake of male readers , who we know do n't listen to women properly , here 's Dr Harrison 's conclusion a second time :
“ It 's a good signal on the way in which women still bear the brunt of things that are quite immediate in the family , so , the cost of caring for family , making that budget manage on a week-to-week basis is their burden still . ”
That 's right you stupid men , when two men and three women say they are concerned about the cost of caring for their family -- -it 's a signal that women bear the brunt and burden of managing the cost of caring for a family .
And what about when three men and two women say they are concerned about the economy and unemployment ? It 's obvious is n't it ? Will you pay attention ! It 's a signal that women bear the brunt and burden of managing the cost of caring for a family .
Fact is a feminist issue
It 's no wonder that women are so worried -- -and that 's not a feeling , it 's scientific fact , as presenter Jane Garvey told us with glee :
“ What about the FACT that women appear to be SO MUCH MORE worried about the future than men ? ”
That 's right all women , every single woman , is SO MUCH MORE worried than every man in the country , because men either have nothing to worry about because , you know , the patriarchy is taking care of everything for them or they do n't worry about stuff because they have no feelings -- -unlike women , who spend all day being brilliantly empathetic , even in the face of daily male oppression and constantly worrying ( SO MUCH MORE THAN MEN ) about the future .
Fortunately , before any sexist men could try and invalidate Jane 's actual , factual feelings , Dr Harrison was on hand to stroke them prejudices -- -- I mean back up their entirely objective , perspective with scientific facts .
Stop being sexist
“ So 48 % of those polled feel worried about the future , ” said Dr Harrison , “ but a REALLY SIGNIFICANT difference between women and men there -- -52 % of women do as compared to 43 % of men . ”
Fortunately there were no self-appointed males “ experts ” on hand to say something deeply sexist like :
“ So in our imaginary room of 20 people , that means that about four men and five women would be worried about the future -- -and six men and five women would n't be worried . ”
Because that almost sounds like an equal number of men and women are worried about the future , a “ fact ” which completely invalidates Jane and Michelle 's feelings that the difference is “ REALLY SIGNIFICANT ” and women are “ SO MUCH MORE WORRIED ” , which must be true because Michelle 's got a doctorate and Jane works at the BBC .
Women are the sensible ones
Dr Harrison concluded the interview by explaining how , scientifically , it was “ a very sensible thing ” for women ( but not men ) to worry about the future . They said :
“ Worry for the future is a very sensible thing…for women who are predominantly responsible for maintaining the wellbeing of their families [ and ] bear the brunt of trying to look after their household or support their adult children who may not be employed ” .
Thank you BBC Woman 's Hour and Dr Michelle Harrison for finally giving us scientific proof that all anyone needs to know about gender in 2015 , is that women HAVE problems and men ARE the problem .
Men , eh ? When will we ever stop being such bastards and let women have an easy , burden free , worry free life like all men do , because , you know , patriarchy .
-- Photo credit : CarbonNYC
If you liked this article and want to read more , follow us on Twitter @ insideMANmag and Facebook
Article by Glen Poole author of the book Equality For Men
Also on insideMAN :
DCS related fixes for proper use with SoftTH 2.08b :
Fix : for bugged mission editor/Abris in DCS with SoftTH 2.08b :
Quote : [ debug ]
compatibleIB=0
compatibleTex=0
compatibleVB=0
enableVBQuirk=1 < < <
And if you are using Helios ( http : //www.scsimulations.com/ ) :
have
Read it before asking for help !
And if you like SoftTh you should donate something to Kegetys !
+++++++++++++
News : 01 -03-201 3
+++++++++++++
Quote : BHawthorne Originally Posted by I 've been in contact with one of the Co-Directors and the lead programmer for Immersaview . They 've reviewed the SoftTH codebase . They said they 're receptive to doing a new utility with better functionality and GUI but it would be scratch coded and not from the SoftTH codebase .
Those of you interested in a new utility it would be useful to post a feature wishlist here and I can forward it to the powers that be at Immersaview .
+++++++++++++
News : 12 -1 4 -2012
+++++++++++++
Thank you Kegetys !
SoftTH source code release
Quote : Kegetys Originally Posted by
Along with the crash fix , it can also improve performance a bit and make the fps smoother overall ( I re-wrote the indexbuffer manage-emulation code and added proper emulation for vertexbuffers as well - it now should behave similar to a `` non-SoftTH '' device ) . Illustrated here :
( v2.07 above , v2.08 below . But your mileage may vary ) This is hopefully fixed with SoftTH v2.08 available here Along with the crash fix , it can also improve performance a bit and make the fps smoother overall ( I re-wrote the indexbuffer manage-emulation code and added proper emulation for vertexbuffers as well - it now should behave similar to a `` non-SoftTH '' device ) . Illustrated here : ( v2.07 above , v2.08 below . But your mileage may vary
Quote : kegetys
Administrator
Posts : 244
Re : * SoftTH v2.01 pre-alpha test version *
« Reply # 100 on : July 17 , 2010 , 11:32:05 AM »
In v2.01 there is an undocumented feature for setting a `` destination rectangle '' for the outputs . With it you can set the output to cover only a part of the screen area . It should allow , for example , properly aligning different height displays so nothing is outside the visible area and black borders are added instead .
Example result with it :
Render resolution is 4800x1200 here ( 3x1600x1200 ) despite the widescreen monitors used , the area to the left and right is left blank :
Config used : http : //junk.kegetys.net/softth2_dest ... fig_sample.txt
Note the `` destRect '' properties that limit the output area to 1440x1200 pixels on the 1920x1200 side monitors .
Quote : Quick update ( v2.06 ) is available with :
- fpsLimit setting for non-primary heads
- Managed volume texture fixes ( Rise of Flight )
- Fixed memory leak with GSwapChain
- Fixed memory leak with GetSurfaceLevel
- SoftTH no longer incorrectly activates on windowed mode device
Main `` feature '' is the memory leak fixes , it should hopefully fix random crash problems after a longer time of playing some games .
In addition , there is a new `` fpsLimit '' setting for non-primary heads . This can be useful when using USB screens for instruments ( in DCS series for example ) , you can limit the update rate for the USB displays which can improve the overall FPS a bit .
Quote : Download v2.06 from :
http : //www.kegetys.net/dl.php/SoftTH206alpha.zip ( the latest version , for 32bit x86 programs )
http : //www.kegetys.net/dl.php/SoftTH206alpha_x64.zip ( the latest version , for 64bit x64 programs )
Note : Even if you are running a 64bit OS , most games require the 32bit x86 version since the games themselves are 32bit executables .
Enable `` quirk-mode '' in the config.SoftTHconfig : this last line ( enableVBQuirk=1 ) is missing when you use the configuration tool - so add it manually by using a editor ! And avoid using ZClear - as this will produce some shader bugs . Means : Set `` '' ! > > > Strange water texture overlaping bug ... or something Youto use '' keepComposition= '' in the config.SoftTHconfig to switch Aero on while SoftTH works.This will make it possible to have Helios rendered over DCS on secondary screens ! and let you do what the big GPU company 's do n't allow you to do or only at high costs.SoftTh let you rendermonitor combination at High FPS in full-screen mode . You can even Mix SoftTH with AMD-Eyefinity and/or TH2GO , NVIDIA-Surround ! In this thread I show some interesting insights of SoftTH on a theoretical set-up : Here are some `` talk on 's '' I made that will give you a better understanding how SoftTH can be utilised for `` only '' two monitors and how to troubleshoot if you are stuck ... : A simple step-by-step instruction how to set SoftTH up with a triple-head configuration : A advanced setup optimization using the `` destRect '' function : > > > SoftTh 2.x configuration tool It is optimized especially for DCS now . - you will probably have a little better FPS - but more important : a better compatibility and more stable system : Some crazy guy with obviously too much time on their hand wants to try to write a SoftTH-Manual for the average-Joe .... Please help them out ! > > > http : //www.kegetys.net/forum/index.php ? topic=2861.0 There is a undocumented function in softth version v2.01 and up : This `` destRect '' function lets you define what portion of your monitor is used and how much of the rendered image will be shown in this part of the screen . -and you are able to move this part freely around ! with other words : It let create you a `` window '' inside your screen ! I edited a little goofy example to show you better what you can do with this function : So let 's assume you have different sized monitors/no monitor matches the other in size and native resolution .... and you are mixing portrait with landscape ... But the `` destRect '' function let you render in fullscreen-mode and align everything inclusive bezel-management and in right aspect on all your monitors ! etNew version of the configuration tool from Olstyle.Now you can use a advanced offset/bezel management.Off-line version is also available : [ QUOTE ] AdministratorPosts : 227April 07 , 2011 , 12:45:02 AM » v2.05 is available : - Improved local head performance for AMD cards- Fixed RGB16D nonlocal mode on AMD cards- Slightly improved nonlocal performance for Nvidiacards ( Restored to v2.02 level ) - Reduced CPU use when waiting for gpu synchronization- Framerate smoothing is always disabled if all headsare local- Fixed potential crash with hooksThis version should improve the performance noticeably for Radeon users . Nvidia users might see some small improvement in some cases as well.Download links in the first post .
I think that IN GENERAL , there are differences between little boys and little girls , and that playing rough games is important for many little boys in a way that I , as a woman , ca n't really understand .
I do n't believe that little boys and little girls should be raised differently , but I do n't think that there should be enforced sameness either .
Of course if little girls want to play football and little boys want to make Barbie clothes , they should be encouraged in that .
Obviously there are cultural assumptions that we throw at kids that are nonsense , but it should n't be up to women to define what masculinity is any more than it should be up to men to define what being a woman should be about . Letting women make the definitions and set the rules runs the risk of pathologizing normal `` boy '' behavior .
Finally , I am concerned that kids in general have been playing outside for millennia , and that by going against it and keeping kids indoors for fear that they will get hurt is really unhealthy and we will see problems in the future from this .
Manizeh Bano , Executive Director of a Pakistan-based NGO called Sahil that works against child sexual abuse and exploitation , they say that the country 's harsh gender restrictions makes it difficult for mothers to protect their own children . `` It is the most difficult because mothers do n't have options , they often have to live within that same family , they ca n't get up and go anywhere , '' they say .
Cases like Zoya 's are n't uncommon , according to Bano , and lack of support that exists for women in Pakistan makes them often unable to help their daughters get out of the situation . In Pakistan most families are still overwhelmingly financially supported by men . Bano says that if a mother learns that their husband is sexually molesting their daughters , they have nowhere to turn because there is little to no state assistance for battered women in Pakistan if they chose not to live with their husbands .
In 2010 , a total of 2252 cases child sexual abuse were reported in the news , according to Sahil . That 's almost a 12 percent increase from the previous year . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan ( HRCP ) states that these numbers are a fraction of the actual problem . It suspects that many cases of sexual violence are simply covered up , especially when they happen at the hands of a family member .
Zohra Yousuf , the chairperson for Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , says that they do n't suspect that the increase in number of reported cases in the media means that more crime of incest are happening , they say it could be that because Pakistanis are finally starting to come forward and discuss a type of crime that they believe is very prevalent in Pakistan but severely under-reported .
Incest and child abuse happen all over the world . But , according to a report by Equality Now , an international human rights organization , victims of incest in Pakistan face additional barriers in seeking justice .
The report also notes that , in the very few cases where a victim does come forward , the case rarely makes it past the procedural hurdles in the justice system . Even police officers , who are usually the first line of contact for these victims , sometimes refuse to file a complaint , sending the victim home and telling them that they are immoral for saying such things against their own father , according to Bano . The report by Equality Now also notes that perpetrators are never apprehended in most case or are often released without charges .
Prosecuting these abuses can be difficult as there are no specific provisions against the crime of incest in Pakistan 's Penal Code . Incest is treated as any other rape , without any additional protection for the victim .
Many young victims are also deterred from coming forward , Bano suggests , especially because rape cases can be unusually slow to prosecute in Pakistan . Even if they do get in front of a court , they are often are encouraged , sometimes even by the judges , to settle the matter out of court for the honor of the family , through a process dubbed as `` compromise , '' by accepting a sum of money in exchange for silence . This compromise , Bano says , has been the biggest challenge their organization faces in bringing the perpetrators to justice . After spending months working with the victim , in most cases , families `` compromise , '' ensuring that the perpetrator is never convicted for their crime .
Bernie Sanders has called their campaign a “ political revolution. ” The word “ revolution ” is poorly defined in the political science literature , and it 's used so often in popular culture as to strip it of any concrete meaning . Generally , though , people take revolution to mean wholesale change , a rupture in the status quo . To their credit , Sanders has been quite clear about what they mean by the phrase :
“ What does a political revolution look like ? It means that 80 percent of the people vote in national elections , not 40 percent . It means that billionaires ca n't make unlimited campaign contributions and buy and sell politicians . It means that the U.S. Government represents the needs of all the people , not just the 1 percent and their lobbyists . ”
Sanders has said repeatedly that their goal is to bring more people into the process . Although lost on a subset of their supporters , Sanders has spoken soberly about the prospects of radical change in this country . Their speeches are full of rhetorical flourishes and grand pronouncements , but he 's admitted that accomplishing their agenda will require a more single presidential election . “ I acknowledge at every speech that I give , ” they told MSNBC 's Chris Matthews , “ that no president , not even Bernie Sanders or anybody else can do it alone . ”
Advertisement :
Real change in this country will require a sustained national mobilization , what I 've called a counter-Tea Party movement . While their agenda was nihilistic and obstructionist , the Tea Party was a massive success by any measure . And they succeeded because they systematically altered the Congressional landscape . Our system is such that the president , no matter who they are , can accomplish very little legislatively without a majority in Congress .
Currently , the GOP has a 30-seat majority in the House ; so long as that 's the case , there is virtually no chance of passing universal health care or a higher minimum wage or sensible financial regulations or even a carbon tax , all of which are central to Sanders 's platform .
Now that it 's clear Sanders wo n't be the Democratic nominee , it 's worth asking : What becomes of theirs “ revolution ” ? Will their supporters remain engaged beyond 2016 or will they retreat from politics altogether ? Again , even if Sanders was elected president , they would still face the same systemic constraints as Obama .
There is at least one positive sign that the Sanders movement will not end in November . According to The Huffington Post 's Samantha Lachman , some of Sanders former staffers and volunteers have formed a new political action committee , the purpose of which is to put progressives in Congress .
Lachman writes : “ Brand New Congress , which was launched Monday , is looking ahead to the 2018 midterm elections to 'replace Congress all at once ' with lawmakers who agree with the Vermont independent 's policy positions ... A timeline on the PAC 's website says that it plans to form local search committees to recruit organizers and candidates who are new to politics . The PAC says it will codify various progressive policies in a platform that its slate of candidates must support . ”
Zack Exley , who helped found the PAC , explained it well : “ We learned ... that the grassroots are better qualified to run electoral campaigns than Democratic party operatives ... They just need to be given the tools , the data , the offices and the structure to succeed. ” “ We want a supermajority in Congress , ” Exley added , “ that is fighting for jobs , criminal justice reform and the environment . ”
Advertisement :
Sanders has yet to endorse the group , but I suspect they will after the election – and they should . Their campaign has shown that the country will respond to a progressive platform if it 's couched in the right terms . Sanders has outraised the Clinton machine for three consecutive months on the backs of small individual donors and despite being far behind in the delegate count . He 's amassed a two-million-person donor list , which can be used to leverage support for progressive House candidates nationwide . That Sanders , a relative unknown on the national stage a year ago , could accomplish this much this quickly says something significant about the mood of the country .
I 'm not sure if revolution is the right term , but Sanders has certainly started a movement . If progressives want to build on that movement , if they want to effect real change , this what they have to do . Whether or not “ Brand New Congress ” will succeed is hard to say . But they have the right idea , and Sanders supporters ought to turn their attention to the midterms the day after the presidential race , as what happens there is every bit as important as who wins the White House .
Last week , Glenn Beck had David Barton on their television program where they heaped praise upon Barton 's last book , “ The Founder 's Bible. ” Now Beck has begun personally promoting Barton 's book during advertising breaks on their show , as they did last night when they beseeched their audience to buy the book because is represents “ the only answer ” to our problems .
“ This is , honest to God , we are out of all other options , ” Beck said , holding up Barton 's book . “ This is the only answer and they have to know it inside and out … We have to start reading this with our kids that the table at dinner every night . ”
“ I ca n't urge you enough to get involved and get this , ” they concluded before , later , interviewing Robert Muise of the American Freedom Law Center , who declared that America is God 's “ chosen nation ” because the Holy Spirit inspired the Founding Fathers to create this country and our Constitution .
That prompted Beck to proclaim that “ it was n't a coincidence that the Democratic Party denied God three times , ” referring to the vote that took place during the 2012 convention .
“ Three times they called that and all the biblical meaning behind that , ” Beck marveled . “ God 's just going to say , he 's begging us , please do n't do this ” :
I have a confession to make : I fear that HTTP Public Key Pinning ( HPKP , RFC 7469 ) —a standard that was intended to bring public key pinning to the masses—might be dead . As a proponent of a fully encrypted and secure Internet I have every desire for HPKP to succeed , but I worry that it 's too difficult and too dangerous to use , and that it wo n't go anywhere unless we fix it .
What is public key pinning ?
Before I go on , let 's briefly discuss why we need public key pinning in the first place . The problem is with the way we manage trust : we have hundreds of CAs and each of them is able to issue a certificate for any web site in the world . Technically , owner permission is not necessary . Now , I think this system actually works rather well , which is evident from the fact that the rate of incidents is very low . But fraudulent certificates can be created in one way or another , and that 's not good enough for high-profile web sites . Further , technical people have trouble relying on a system that 's not foolproof .
Enter public key pinning , which is a technique that enables site owners to have a say in which certificates are valid for their sites . For example , in one of the possible deployment options , you choose two or more CAs to trust ; after that , any certificate issued by anyone else is ignored . What 's not to like ?
Public key pinning started at Google , and they first implemented in Chrome , pinning their own web sites . Their approach is an example of static pinning ; the pins are not easy to change because they 're embedded in the browser . Chrome 's pinning has served us well over the years , uncovering many cases of fraudulent certificates that would otherwise perhaps fly under the radar . Google also allowed ( and still does ) that other organisations embed their pins in Chrome . These days , Firefox also supports static pinning , drawing from the same pins maintained by Google .
Whereas static pinning works well , it has a problem because maintaining pins is a slow manual process that does n't scale . For that reason Google also sparked the IETF work that lead to RFC 7469 , officially known as “ Public Key Pinning Extension for HTTP ” , but which everybody calls just HPKP . HPKP is an example of dynamic pinning ; web site owners can set the pins at will .
What is the problem with HPKP then ?
The main problem with HPKP , and with pinning in general , is that it can brick web sites . The culprit is the memory effect : pins , once set , remain valid for a period of time . Each pin is associated with a unique cryptographic identity that the web site must possess to continue operation . If you lose control of these identities , you effectively also lose your web site .
Clearly , pinning introduces a paradigm shift . Without it , TLS is quite forgiving—if you lose your keys you can always create a new set and get a fresh certificate for them . With pinning , your keys become precious .
There is some relief in the fact that a valid HPKP configuration must include at least one backup key . The idea is that , if you something goes seriously wrong , you fetch your securely-stored backup key and resume normal operation .
Even if you do n't lose your pinning keys , you have to be careful how and when you 're changing them . Your configuration must , at any time , be offering at least one pin that matches the configuration you offered to all your previous users . If you rotate the keys too quickly you risk not having a pin for some of your older visitors .
To sum up , HPKP is not for the faint of heart ; you essentially need to know what you 're doing and be careful about it .
Talking about knowing what you 're doing , HPKP is also too flexible about what you can do with it . With it you can pin any public key in the certificate chain , choosing from your own keys ( the leaf certificate ) , the intermediate certificates , or the root . Each decision comes with its advantages and disadvantages , but you need to understand PKI very well to appreciate them . This flexibility is a point of great confusion that in practice often leads to paralysis ( “ What to do ? ” ) . Some sites will inevitably make the wrong choice and suffer for it .
Thus , a successful pinning strategy requires that you :
Build a threat model to determine if there is a real threat out there that pinning can address at an acceptable cost Understand PKI and HPKP and choose the right place to pin Avoid losing your pinning keys Keep backup keys in a separate location in case of server compromise Have a robust plan for the key rotation and execute it smoothly
The above steps are n't terribly difficult to carry out , but the stakes are pretty high . A serious mistake with pinning can lead to the business shutting down . The deployment numbers reflect this ; in August 2016 Scott Helme found only 375 sites with HPKP deployed , along with 76 sites with HPKP running in report-only mode . Contrast these numbers with about 30,000 instances of HSTS in the same data set .
Abusing HPKP
A potentially bigger problem with HPKP is that it can be abused by malicious actors . Let 's say , for example , that someone breaks into your server ( a very common occurrence ) and thus gains control of your web site . They can then silently activate HPKP and serve pinning instructions to a large chunk of your user base . It 's very unlikely that you will detect this . After a long-enough period , they remove the pinning keys from the server and brick your web site just for the fun of it . Or , if you 're lucky , they seek ransom , giving you a chance to get the backup pinning key from them and keep your business .
The HPKP working group had been aware of this problem ( one early example here ) , but did n't include a mitigation mechanism in the standard . Early HPKP drafts had specified a ramp-up period ; pinning had to be observed over a period of time to become fully operational . That feature eventually got removed , probably because it was n't quite clear how to effectively assess continuity . In the end , the RFC specified that one active pin and one inactive ( backup ) pin are sufficient to activate pinning for essentially any duration . The “ Hostile Pinning ” section of the RFC mentions this problem almost in passing , noting that sites should be able to recover after the maximum policy duration expires . The RFC leaves to browsers to decide on their maximum max-age and has a very soft recommendation to cap it at 60 days .
We are not yet seeing attacks just yet because HPKP is relatively new , but the word is starting to get out . Just this month there was a talk at DEFCON about what they called RansomPKP . If you 're interested in this topic , you should also read this follow-up from Scott Helme , who provided more details .
So why do I say that HPKP is dead ?
I think that , ultimately , HPKP requires too much effort and that only a small number of sites will ever deploy it . At the same time , it can be—in the current form—used as a powerful weapon against everybody .
The irony of HPKP is that it 's not going to be used by many sites ( because it 's too taxing ) , but that it can be used against the long tail of millions of small sites who are not even aware that HPKP exists . For the small number of sites who are using pinning , it 's just as likely that static pinning would work well , with less fuss and no danger for the rest of the Web .
Can HPKP be fixed ?
To fix HPKP we need to 1 ) make it easier and less dangerous to deploy and 2 ) have a way to deal with potential malicious use .
For the latter , one possibility is to “ dull ” HPKP so that it remains useful but that the really dangerous aspects of it are addressed . There 's a variety of ways in which this could be done . For example , we could reintroduce the ramp-up mechanism . Another solution might be to restrict pinning to those who can demonstrate a level of security knowledge and operational proficiency , for example those who are already preloading HSTS . And perhaps browsers can build an undo mechanism that could be used to override broken pins .
Making HPKP easier to use probably means allowing sites to deploy safer pinning , for example pinning to CAs , not their roots . In fact , that 's largely how static pinning is done right now . It goes like this : you choose 2-3 CAs and require that only they can issue valid certificates for your site . This approach is not as secure as pinning to the leafs ( your own keys ) , but it vastly reduces the attack surface and with much less effort . ( This idea had also been discussed during the development of HPKP , but it was rejected because it was n't a pure-technical solution and required collaboration of many organisations . )
Technically , pinning to CAs is possible today provided you have a very good understanding of PKI . The key issue is understanding how different root stores include different root keys , how root keys change , and so on . I have some hope that with more public information about these topics and with help with interested CAs we can make this safer style of pinning possible , even without any changes to HPKP .
What can you do today ?
Leaving all the possibilities of the future aside , let 's try to figure out what we can do today . Here are some ideas you can consider making yourself safer :
First , you could have a monitoring system in place to audit your configuration and detect unwanted pinning . For large enterprises this could be a good idea anyway , because pinning ( and other security technologies ) could be deployed by an eager developer , without organisation-wide coordination . ( As an example , both HPKP and HSTS have a memory effect and also support the includeSubDomains directive , that could make a configuration spread to an entire domain name , even to servers controlled by other teams . )
You could front your sites with a reverse proxy and make sure that the HPKP response header is never sent to your users . This defence measure wo n't address all the possible attack vectors ( e.g. , if someone redirects the web site to other servers and abuses a misissued certificate ) , but it would prevent escalation from server take-over .
If you do n't mind your hand being forced , the pinning itself can be an effective defence against malicious pinning . All the attack vectors that include DNS hijacking and fraudulent certificates can be detected if you 're already using pinning . Sadly , an attacker who takes control over your pins ( by compromising your servers ) can rotate the pins to those they control . ( But the previous control , the reverse proxy , helps in that case . )
Thanks to Ryan Sleevi and Scott Helme for reading early drafts of this post .
“ Looping ” cannabis sales is a problem , and some say the tech behind Bitcoin can prevent it .
All photos by Taryn Nation
On Thursday , Dec. 14 , the Denver Police Department shut down 26 cannabis operations licensed under Sweet Leaf , one of Colorado 's largest dispensary chains . The raids led to the arrests of 13 budtenders , who were charged with allegedly “ looping ” weed sales in violation of state law . Looping is selling marijuana to customers beyond allotted limits .
The owners of Sweet Leaf were n't mentioned in Denver P.D . 's arrest records , nor were they mentioned in the department 's public statements released last Friday , according to The Cannabist .
As of press time , all 11 of Sweet Leaf 's dispensary locations in Colorado are temporarily closed , and the company 's cultivation and processing facilities are suspended while the investigation ( and pending audit from the state 's Marijuana Enforcement Division — MED ) is underway .
Sweet Leaf location on W 38th Ave. in Denver , CO ; closed for business .
WTF Happened ?
In Colorado , recreational weed customers may purchase up to 1 oz . of flower ( or , for edibles and concentrates , the equivalent in THC-milligrams ) per transaction . State law limits adults 21 and over to possessing only 1 oz . of bud at a time .
Under Amendment 64 , anyone legally in possession of weed can give it away to another adult 21 or over , so long as the transfer does n't involve trading cash . In theory , a person could walk into a dispensary , buy 1 oz . of weed , take it outside , give it to their buddy , then walk back into the store and purchase another ounce .
Some pot shops have assumed that a “ transaction ” resets once the customer leaves the store . If the customer returns to the store , even that same day , they 've initiated a new transaction . A new transaction permits the sale of another ounce , and so on and so on . What a so-called looper did with the ounce was on the looper , not the seller .
In Sweet Leaf 's case , an undercover cop returned to the store that same day and bought more , often from the same budtender , multiple times . According to Denver P.D. , the sting operation against Sweet Leaf took place over the span of a year , and they claim an undercover detective returned as many as 16 times to a single location in a day . Some budtenders allegedly made multiple 1 oz . sales to the same customer two or more times a day .
But Is Looping Illegal ?
Warren Edson , a cannabis attorney based in Wheat Ridge , CO , has been closely following this “ what is a transaction ? ” issue . During a phone call with MERRY JANE , they cited a position statement from the Marijuana Enforcement Division dated May 22 . The statement was made in response to an attorney 's inquiry requesting a clear definition for “ a single transaction ” :
The Division will seek administrative action against licensees attempting to circumvent the statutory and rule requirement imposing the limitation of one ounce per transaction of Retail Marijuana . Sales that are structured as multiple , stand-alone transactions may be viewed by the Division as an attempt to evade quantity limitations on the sale of Retail Marijuana , resulting in recommendation for administrative action . [ Ed . Note : emphasis added ]
“ It 's really confusing , because [ MED ] just changed the regulations again , ” says Edson , referring to revisions that were adopted in November . “ Both sets of rules are pretty ambiguous . If you 're just a poor budtender , how 're you supposed to know ? ”
The rule change regards section R402.C of the retail marijuana regulations . The original rule reads :
A Retail Marijuana Store and its employees are prohibited from selling more than one ounce of Retail Marijuana flower or its equivalent… in a single sales transaction .
Yet changes to the rule , adopted Nov. 17 , 2017 , made an addendum to the original :
A single transaction includes multiple Transfers to the same consumer during the same business day where the Retail Marijuana Store employee knows or reasonably should know that such Transfer would result in that consumer possessing more than one ounce of marijuana .
This is where confusion arises : until recently , pot shops had only the MED 's posted rules to go by , which state 1 oz . caps per sales transaction . MED 's position statement regarding “ a single transaction ” came nearly six months after Denver P.D . 's first visit to Sweet Leaf , which took place in early December 2016 . The addendum was n't adopted by the MED until a month after Denver P.D . 's final undercover visit to Sweet Leaf , which the department 's affidavit lists as Oct. 5 , 2017 .
MED 's updated rules , which go into effect January 1st , 2018 , include a narrower definition of “ single transaction ” and the weight limits , but Edson says the newest regulation is still somewhat vague .
Which begs the question : were budtenders and their supervisors aware of what the MED considered a transaction – and , therefore , knowingly looping – prior to November ?
Elizabeth , whose real name has been changed to protect their identity , worked as a budtender for another chain dispensary in Colorado from 2014 to 2015 . They claim the industry was fully aware of what constituted looping since recreational weed sales began in January 2014 .
“ It was kind of bad , ” they say . “ I had heard before I got on board that the looping had no limit . Lots of people came in and out to buy ounces. ” Initially , their dispensary encouraged its employees to loop as a way to maximize sales , but the managers eventually banned the practice a year into their employment .
“ It was pitched as a ‘ do n't ask , do n't tell ' thing , ” they recount . The incentive for budtenders to loop were bigger tips , which they say could fetch as much as $ 8 per looped ounce .
“ When you have a dispensary with multiple budtenders , ” says Edson , “ how are you supposed to keep track ? You 're not supposed to keep track ” of sales to specific customers . Amendment 64 only requires presentation of an ID to prove a customer 's age ; weed stores are not required to record personal information about a customer .
Notice of suspension from city of Denver at Sweet Leaf location .
Blockchain May Offer a Solution
Blockchain , the encrypted technology that powers cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin , may provide a solution to looping . For years , cannabis companies have eyed blockchains as a way to store value ( read : money ) , since many national and state banks refuse to manage accounts for still federally illegal marijuana businesses . Besides storing and tracking monetary transactions , blockchain can act as a digital chain-of-custody system for marijuana inventories , too .
Conventional seed-to-sale tracking systems like METRC in Colorado allow authorities to trace the movement of weed products within the industry . However , METRC tracking stops at the point-of-sale , when the weed enters a customer 's hands and leaves the dispensary . The customer 's name is n't attached to the sale . Vetting customers is the responsibility of budtenders and ID checkers at the door .
Besides , if someone really wanted to circumvent the rules , they could simply buy an ounce at Dispensary A , then drive over to Dispensary B across town and buy another ounce . There 's no system in place to trace who buys what , when , or where .
Michael Kramer believes blockchains could prevent looping while taking the burden of memorizing everyone 's IDs off budtenders . Kramer is CEO of 420 Blockchains , a cannabis tracking system company based in Boca Raton , Florida . 420 Blockchains is based on Augusta High-Tech 's Framework Hyperledger running on the Google platform , and they just launched beta tests in California and Rhode Island , with Kramer expecting the full-fledged system to go online sometime in the next month .
“ Blockchain is an irrefutable ledger , ” Kramer told MERRY JANE by phone . “ It can never be changed . It can never be hacked . ”
They say blockchain technology can prevent shady pot shop employees from scoring quick , dirty kickbacks . “ We can put in provisions that prevent looping , ” they explain . Transactions on 420 Blockchains can follow “ permissions , ” which set specific parameters for purchases or transport of weed products . Permissions do n't require human guidance ; they 're guided and ensured by the blockchain itself .
For example , a driver 's license would be scanned at the dispensary , recording the customer 's name and purchase amount . Permissions could automatically assess weight limits based on the types of products sold ( flower , concentrate , edible , topical , etc . ) , then approve or decline the sale . Additionally , the blockchain would lock into a statewide ( or hypothetically , even a nationwide ) network , so a customer would not only be capped from looping at one dispensary location , but any and all dispensary locations for the day .
“ The blockchain will know if I go into any other [ dispensary ] , that I already bought my allotted amount , ” Kramer continues .
“ The fact that legacy ERPs ” — or enterprise resource planners , like METRC — “ are n't tracking [ customer purchases with blockchain ] .... I just do n't understand that , ” says Kramer . They see 420 Blockchains eventually coordinating with legislators and regulators to balance the concerns of protecting customer privacy while ensuring weed products are n't diverted to black markets or across state lines .
“ We can trace down every penny to every gram , ” they say . “ Every transaction is recorded . ”
The Debate Continues
On social media , members of Colorado 's cannabis community have taken sides , either in support of Sweet Leaf and its employees under the “ ounce-per-transaction ” interpretation , or others backing the busts under the “ ounce-per-day ” banner .
Regardless of which position Coloradans sympathize with , some feel that slapping felony charges with potential jail time on Sweet Leaf 's budtenders is too extreme , even if they did break the law . A fundraiser and gift drive will take place Saturday , December 23 to support the hundreds of Sweet Leaf employees and their families in lieu of the company 's state-enforced shutdown just before Christmas . A separate GoFundMe campaign was also started to assist with the budtenders ' attorney fees .
Let me tell you a parable of the future . Let 's say , 70 years from now , in a large Western country we 'll call Nacirema .
One day far from now : scientific development has continued apace , and a large government project ( with , unsurprisingly , a lot of military funding ) has taken the scattered pieces of cutting-edge research and put them together into a single awesome technology , which could revolutionize ( or at least , vastly improve ) all sectors of the economy . Leading thinkers had long forecast that this area of science 's mysteries would eventually yield to progress , despite theoretical confusion and perhaps-disappointing initial results and the scorn of more conservative types and the incomprehension ( or outright disgust , for ‘ playing god ' ) of the general population , and at last - it had ! The future was bright .
Unfortunately , it was hurriedly decided to use an early prototype outside the lab in an impoverished foreign country . Whether out of arrogance , bureaucratic inertia , overconfidence on the part of the involved researchers , condescending racism , the need to justify the billions of grant-dollars that cumulative went into the project over the years by showing some use of it - whatever , the reasons no longer mattered after the final order was signed . The technology was used , but the consequences turned out to be horrific : over a brief period of what seemed like mere days , entire cities collapsed and scores - hundreds - of thousands of people died . ( Modern economies are extremely interdependent and fragile , and small disruptions can have large consequences ; more people died in the chaos of the evacuation of the areas around Fukushima than will die of the radiation . )
An unmitigated disaster . Worse , the technology did n't even accomplish the assigned goal - that was thanks to a third party 's actions ! Ironic . But that 's how life goes : ‘ Man Proposes , God Disposes ' .
So , what to do with the tech ? The positive potential was still there , but no one could doubt anymore that there was a horrific dark side : they had just seen what it could do if misused , even if the authorities ( as usual ) were spinning the events as furiously as possible to avoid frightening the public . You could put it under heavy government control , and they did .
But what was to stop Nacirema 's rivals from copying the technology and using it domestically or as a weapon against Nacirema ? In particular , Nacirema 's enormous furiously-industrializing rival far to the East in Asia , which aspired to regional hegemony , had a long history of being an “ oriental despotism ” and still had a repressive political system - ruled by an opaque corrupt oligarchy - which abrogated basic human rights such as free speech , and was not a little racist/xenophobic & angry at historical interference in its domestic affairs by Seilla & Nacirema…
The ‘ arms race ' was obvious to anyone who thought about the issue . You had to obtain your own tech or be left in the dust . But an arms race was terrifyingly dangerous - one power with the tech was bad enough , but if there were two holders ? A dozen ? There was no reason to expect all the wishes to be benign once everyone had their own genie-in-a-bottle . It would not be hyperbolic to say that the fate of global civilization was at stake ( even if there were survivors off-planet or in Hanson-style ‘ disaster refuges ' , they could hardly rebuild civilization on their own ; not to mention that a lot of resources like hydrocarbons have already been depleted beyond the ability of a small primitive group to exploit ) or maybe even the human race itself . If ever an x-risk was a clear and present danger , this was it .
Fortunately , the ‘ hard take-off ' scenario did not come to pass , as each time it took years to double the power of the tech ; nor was it something you could make in your bedroom , even if you knew the key insights ( deducible by a grad student from published papers , as concerned agencies in Nacirema proved ) . Rather , the experts forecast a slower take-off , on a more human time-scale , where the technology escalated in power over the next two or three decades ; importantly , they thought that the Eastern rival 's scientists would not be able to clone the technology for another decade or perhaps longer .
So one of the involved researchers - a bona fide world-renowned genius who had made signal contributions to the design of the computers and software involved and had the utmost credibility - made the obvious suggestion . Do n't let the arms race start . Do n't expose humanity to an unstable equilibrium of the sort which has collapsed many times in human history . Instead , Nacirema should boldly deliver an ultimatum to the rival : submit to examination and verification that they were not developing the tech , or be destroyed . Stop the contagion from spreading and root out the x-risk . Research in the area would be proscribed , as almost all of it was inherently dual-use .
Others disagreed , of course , with many alternative proposals : perhaps researchers could be trusted to self-regulate ; or , related research could be regulated by a special UN agency ; or the tech could be distributed to all major countries to reach an equilibrium immediately ; or , treaties could be signed ; or Nacirema could voluntarily abandon the technology , continue to do things the old-fashioned way , and lead by moral authority .
You might think that the politicians would do something , even if they ignored the genius : the prognostications of a few obscure researchers and of short stories published in science fiction had turned out to be truth ; the dangers had been realized in practice , and there was no uncertainty about what a war with the tech would entail ; the logic of the arms race has been well-documented by many instances to lead to instability and propel countries into war ( consider the battleship arms race leading up to WWI ) ; the proposer had impeccable credentials and deep domain-specific expertise and was far from alone in being deeply concerned about the issue ; there were multiple years to cope with the crisis after fair warning had been given , so there was enough time ; and so on . If the Nacireman political system were to ever be willing to take major action to prevent an x-risk , this would seem to be the ideal scenario . So did they ?
Let 's step back a bit . One might have faith in the political elites of this country . Surely given the years of warning as the tech became more sophisticated , people would see that this time really was different , this time it was the gravest threat humanity had faced , that the warnings of elite scientists of doomsday would be taken seriously ; surely everyone would see the truth of proposition X , leading them to endorse Y and agree with the ‘ extremists ' about policy decision Z ( to condense our hopes into one formula ) ; how can we doubt that policy-makers and research funders would begin to respond to the tech safety challenge ? After all , we can point to some other instances where policymakers reached good outcomes for minor problems like CFC damages to the atmosphere .
So with all that in mind , in our little future world , did the Nacireman political system respond effectively ?
I 'm a bit cynical , so let 's say the answer was… No . Of course not . They did not follow their plan .
And it 's not that they found a better plan , either . ( Let 's face it , any plan calling for more war has to be considered a last resort , even if you have a special new tech to help , and is likely to fail . ) Nothing meaningful was done . `` Man plans , God laughs . '' The trajectory of events was indistinguishable from bureaucratic inertia , self-serving behavior by various groups , and was the usual story . After all , what was in it for the politicians ? Did such a strategy swell any corporation 's profits ? Or offer scope for further taxation & regulation ? Or could it be used to appeal to anyone 's emotion-driven ethics by playing on disgust or purity or in-group loyalty ? The strategy had no constituency except those who were concerned by an abstract threat in the future ( perhaps , as their opponents insinuated , they were neurotic ‘ hawks ' hellbent on war ) . Besides , the Nacireman people were exhausted from long years of war in multiple foreign countries and a large domestic depression whose scars remained . Time passed .
Eventually the experts turned out to be wrong but in the worst possible way : the rival took half the time projected to develop their own tech , and the window of opportunity snapped shut . The arms race had begun , and humanity would tremble in fear , as it wondered if it would live out the century or the unthinkable happen .
Good luck , you people of the future ! I wish you all the best , although I ca n't be optimistic ; if you survive , it will be by the skin of your teeth , and I suspect that due to hindsight bias and near-miss bias , you wo n't even be able to appreciate how dire the situation was afterwards and will forget your peril or minimize the danger or reason that the tech could n't have been that dangerous since you survived - which would be a sad & pathetic coda indeed .
The End .
( Oh , I 'm sorry . Did I write “ 70 years from now ” ? I meant : “ 70 years ago ” . The technology is , of course , nuclear fission which had many potential applications in civilian economy - if nothing else , every sector benefits from electricity ‘ too cheap to meter ' ; Nacirema is America & the eastern rival is Russia ; the genius is John von Neumann , the SF stories were by Heinlein & Cartmill among others - the latter giving rise to the Astounding incident ; and we all know how the Cold War led civilization to the brink of thermonuclear war . Why , did you think it was about something else ? )
[ This week , I 've invited Cédric Beust to pen the editorial . Cédric writes a popular programming blog at beust.com . He 's also the author of Next Generation Java Testing , which I 've long considered the best available book on developer-based testing . They are a former Google engineer now working on Android . They are also the founder and lead developer of TestNG , the most widely used Java testing framework outside of JUnit . Ed . ]
A few years ago , I had a conversation with a coworker that is still etched in my memory . We were talking about a library that they had recently open sourced and that they were very proud of . I had taken a look at it and I had one question for him : `` I did n't find any tests in your distribution , are you shipping them separately ? '' They looked at me as if I had just insulted him . As it turns out , it 's exactly how they felt . `` Tests ? I 'm a developer , I do n't write tests , I leave that to others . ''
Admittedly , this happened more than ten years ago . Back in those days , there was still a strong separation between `` real '' software engineers , who wrote production code , and `` lesser '' ones , who wrote tests . This certainly sounds laughable today , which is a testament at how far we 've come ; but once in a while , it 's good to remember where we started . Today , you will be hard-pressed to find a single developer who does n't think that writing tests for their code ( and even other people 's code ) is part of their job . When I interview job candidates , I typically work on two aspects : `` Write code to solve this problem '' and `` Now that you 've written this function , how would you test it ? '' I would never hire someone who is not comfortable with both of these activities .
Testing is now universally accepted as being an integral part of software engineering and we have also created an entire ecosystem around it , with tools , frameworks , methodologies , design patterns , and countless articles , books , and forums dedicated to this very topic . If you want to improve at testing your code , there is no shortage of material .
There is a lot of good advice to be found in this cornucopia , but abundance often comes with confusion , inconsistencies , and even sometimes downright bad recommendations . I 'd like to revisit some testing concepts that have emerged over the past decade and try to shed a more critical light on them .
Unit Testing
A unit test verifies that a single compilation unit works as expected . It 's not supposed to use any other class in your code base and I 've seen some people add restrictions , such as not allowing file , network , or database access in the interest of speedy runs and minimalistic dependencies . I think these are good rules of thumb to keep in mind , but you should n't be afraid to break them if it makes sense to do so . From a practical standpoint , I have found it made much more sense to categorize a test based on how fast it runs than on what it does .
I also question all the attention that unit tests are receiving at the expense of the other kinds of tests ( functional , integration , etc. ) . The truth is that functional tests serve your users , while unit tests serve you  the developer . A unit test is just a convenience that allows you to track down bugs faster . At the end of the day , the reason you write tests is to make sure that your users will be able to be productive with your application , not to make sure that you can debug faster .
When should you write unit tests ? And functional tests ? These are difficult questions to answer that you should ask yourself each step along the way , because the answer will vary depending on a lot of factors such as where you are in the lifecycle of your product , the team culture , the existing testing infrastructure , and so on .
If there is one thing you should keep in mind about unit tests , it 's this : Unit tests are a luxury . Sometimes , you can afford a luxury ; and sometimes , you should just wait for a better time and focus on something more essential  such as writing a functional test .
Test-Driven Development
Test-driven development ( TDD ) means well . It really does . It 's trying to force people into good design by imposing a specific process on the way they write code . I have found that this approach works well for junior developers by forcing them to think about testing very early on .
I have seen a lot of material on the positive aspects of TDD , so I 'll skip those to jump directly to more negative aspects that I have observed .
First of all , I find that TDD encourages code churn . Most of the time , it will take two or three iterations on a new piece of code before reaching a stage where you think you have a good starting point . Unit tests for these early versions are pretty much guaranteed to be refactored constantly with little gain , and just eat a lot of time keeping the compiler happy . If you 're going to throw away the first two versions of your code , you might as well skip the first two versions of your tests as well .
TDD code also tends to focus on the very small picture : relentlessly testing individual methods instead of thinking in terms of classes and how they interact with each other . This goal is further crippled by another precept called YAGNI , ( You Are n't Going to Need It ) , which suggests not preparing code for features that you do n't immediately need . If your experience tells you that very soon , you are indeed going to need a feature , you might as well add it right away , even if it does n't quite make sense just yet .
TDD appears very convincing on paper , or more precisely , on slides . It looks like a great way to design a scorecard for bowling  a Stack or a List or a Currency class  but I have always struggled to find how I can use it effectively in my day job ( think mobile applications or GUI 's ) , and I have n't yet found a convincing case where using it clearly outweighs its drawbacks .
Do n't fall for the false dichotomy claiming that code that is not created with TDD is necessarily buggy . First , there is a lot of untested code out there that is working just fine ; and second , testing `` last '' instead of `` first '' is an equally valid approach to this problem .
Code Coverage
Engineers like to measure things . Producing and evaluating numbers is a common way to measure progress and plan our work , such as how much of a program has been exercised by tests . This code coverage is derived by running your tests with a tool that keeps track of all the parts of your code that are invoked , and then issuing a report to tell you what areas were not run . It 's difficult to argue against the idea , but like all techniques , it 's easy to get carried away and lose track of the big picture .
I noticed two specific excesses regarding coverage : focusing on an arbitrary percentage and adding useless tests .
What percentage of your code should be covered before you can ship ? 100 % ? 90 % ? 80 % ? You will find a lot of different numbers in the literature and I have yet to find solid evidence showing that any given number is better than another . Obsessing over numbers in the absence of context leads developers to write tests for trivial pieces of their code in order to increase this percentage with very little benefit to the end user ( for example , testing getters ) . You should also keep in mind that these numbers represent static , not dynamic , coverage : 100 % code coverage does n't mean that you are testing everything that can possible happen to your code  just that 100 % of your code has been run at least once .
Running code coverage tools is a good practice , but you should exert caution when analyzing the reports . I recommend reviewing which pieces of your code base are not being covered and deciding for yourself whether not testing a particular area is reasonable or too risky .
There is a point of diminishing returns in increasing code coverage , so you should always wonder whether adding 1 % to that number is more important than , say , improving an existing test case to make it more thorough or adding a new feature .
Conclusion
I have barely touched the surface of some of the testing misconceptions that pervade our profession , and I 'd like to end on a positive note : All these techniques have beneficial aspects that you can experience only if you actually try them . Once you 've done that , keep in mind that these methodologies are just tools , and that you should consider using them only after carefully examining the problem you are trying to solve and the context that surrounds it .
Vadaine Oliver came off the bench to score twice in extra-time and send non-league Lincoln into the FA Cup second round at the expense of Walsall .
The Imps took the lead when Alan Power slotted home , but Richard Taundry 's strike equalised for the hosts and took it to an additional period .
Oliver headed Lincoln back in front and they capitalised on James Chambers ' wayward back-pass to make it 3-1 .
Jamie Paterson 's free-kick gave the Saddlers hope but it was not enough .
Lincoln will now face Mansfield at Sincil Bank , after the Stags needed penalties to defeat Southern League Division One Central side Slough in their first-round replay on Tuesday night .
VIEWS FROM THE DRESSING ROOM
Walsall manager Dean Smith told BBC WM :
Media playback is not supported on this device Walsall not creative enough - Smith
`` I think we gave some sloppy goals away and we never created enough clear-cut chances .
`` First half , we looked nervy with the small crowd here - I thought we started the second half really well , then they score an offside goal .
`` From then on I was pleased with how we responded , Richard Taundry got a really good goal and we dominated possession .
`` When it went to extra-time I thought we would go on and see the game out , but we conceded a poor goal from a set-piece and it was an uphill battle from there . ''
Lincoln City manager David Holdsworth tells BBC Radio Lincolnshire :
Media playback is not supported on this device Holdsworth praises Imps character
`` It was an accumulation of everything tonight - guts , character .
`` Everybody played their part tonight . I 'm very proud to manage the club .
`` We wanted to be together and that was the most important thing tonight and we did that .
`` These nights are what football is about . ''
Live text commentary
The recent detection of gravitational waves by the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory ( LIGO ) came from two black holes , each about 30 times the mass of our sun , merging into one . Gravitational waves span a wide range of frequencies that require different technologies to detect . A new study from the North American Nanohertz Observatory for Gravitational Waves ( NANOGrav ) has shown that low-frequency gravitational waves could soon be detectable by existing radio telescopes .
`` Detecting this signal is possible if we are able to monitor a sufficiently large number of pulsars spread across the sky , '' said Stephen Taylor , lead author of the paper published this week in The Astrophysical Journal Letters . They are a postdoctoral researcher at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , California . `` The smoking gun will be seeing the same pattern of deviations in all of them . '' Taylor and colleagues at JPL and the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena have been studying the best way to use pulsars to detect signals from low-frequency gravitational waves . Pulsars are highly magnetized neutron stars , the rapidly rotating cores of stars left behind when a massive star explodes as a supernova .
Einstein 's general theory of relativity predicts that gravitational waves -- ripples in spacetime -- emanate from accelerating massive objects . Nanohertz gravitational waves are emitted from pairs of supermassive black holes orbiting each other , each of which contain millions or a billion times more mass than those detected by LIGO . These black holes each originated at the center of separate galaxies that collided . They are slowly drawing closer together and will eventually merge to create a single super-sized black hole .
As they orbit each other , the black holes pull on the fabric of space and create a faint signal that travels outward in all directions , like a vibration in a spider 's web . When this vibration passes Earth , it jostles our planet slightly , causing it to shift with respect to distant pulsars . Gravitational waves formed by binary supermassive black holes take months or years to pass Earth and require many years of observations to detect .
`` Galaxy mergers are common , and we think there are many galaxies harboring binary supermassive black holes that we should be able to detect , '' said Joseph Lazio , one of Taylor 's co-authors , also based at JPL . `` Pulsars will allow us to see these massive objects as they slowly spiral closer together . ''
Once these gigantic black holes get very close to each other , the gravitational waves are too short to detect using pulsars . Space-based laser interferometers like eLISA , a mission being developed by the European Space Agency with NASA participation , would operate in the frequency band that can detect the signature of supermassive black holes merging . The LISA Pathfinder mission , which includes a stabilizing thruster system managed by JPL , is currently testing technologies necessary for the future eLISA mission .
Finding evidence for supermassive black hole binaries has been a challenge for astronomers . The centers of galaxies contain many stars , and even monstrous black holes are quite small -- comparable to the size of our solar system . Seeing visible signatures of these binaries amid the glare of the surrounding galaxy has been difficult for astronomers .
Radio astronomers search instead for the gravitational signals from these binaries . In 2007 , NANOGrav began observing a set of the fastest-rotating pulsars to try to detect tiny shifts caused by gravitational waves .
Pulsars emit beams of radio waves , some of which sweep across Earth once every rotation . Astronomers detect this as a rapid pulse of radio emission . Most pulsars rotate several times a second . But some , called millisecond pulsars , rotate hundreds of times faster .
`` Millisecond pulsars have extremely predictable arrival times , and our instruments are able to measure them to within a ten-millionth of a second , '' said Maura McLaughlin , a radio astronomer at West Virginia University in Morgantown and member of the NANOGrav team . `` Because of that , we can use them to detect incredibly small shifts in Earth 's position . ''
But astrophysicists at JPL and Caltech caution that detecting faint gravitational waves would likely require more than a few pulsars . `` We 're like a spider at the center of a web , '' said Michele Vallisneri , another member of the JPL/Caltech research group . `` The more strands we have in our web of pulsars , the more likely we are to sense when a gravitational wave passes by . ''
Vallisneri said accomplishing this feat will require international collaboration . `` NANOGrav is currently monitoring 54 pulsars , but we can only see some of the southern hemisphere . We will need to work closely with our colleagues in Europe and Australia in order to get the all-sky coverage this search requires . ''
The feasibility of this approach was recently called into question when a group of Australian pulsar researchers reported that they were unable to detect such signals when analyzing a set of pulsars with the most precise timing measurements . After studying this result , the NANOGrav team determined that the reported non-detection was not a surprise , and resulted from the combination of optimistic gravitational wave models and analysis of too few pulsars . Their one-page response was released recently via the arXiv electronic print service .
Despite the technical challenges , Taylor is confident their team is on the right track . `` Gravitational waves are washing over Earth all the time , '' Taylor said . `` Given the number of pulsars being observed by NANOGrav and other international teams , we expect to have clear and convincing evidence of low-frequency gravitational waves within the next decade . ''
NANOGrav is a collaboration of over 60 scientists at more than a dozen institutions in the United States and Canada . The group uses radio pulsar timing observations acquired at NRAO 's Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia and at Arecibo Radio Observatory in Puerto Rico to search for ripples in the fabric of spacetime . In 2015 , NANOGrav was awarded $ 14.5 million by the National Science Foundation to create and operate a Physics Frontiers Center .
`` With the recent detection of gravitational waves by LIGO , the outstanding work of the NANOGrav collaboration is particularly relevant and timely , '' said Pedro Marronetti , National Science Foundation program director for gravitational wave research . `` This NSF-funded Physics Frontier Center is poised to complement LIGO observations , extending the window of gravitational wave detection to very low frequencies . ''
For additional information , visit : http : //nanograv.org/
A senior official for Zimbabwe 's central bank is casting doubt on the legality of bitcoin in the country .
As quoted by local news source Chronicle , Norman Mataruka , director and registrar for the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe , said that “ bitcoin … is not actually legal ” for use within the country .
Mataruka went on to say :
“ In Southern Africa , what we have done as regulators , we have said that we will not allow [ bitcoin ] in our markets . ”
However , it 's not entirely clear from the statement whether Mataruka was saying that bitcoin is not legal tender within Zimbabwe – that is , an officially recognized currency – or actually prohibited more widely .
Still , Mataruka reportedly noted that research is being undertaken within the central bank to determine the risks associated with cryptocurrencies like bitcoin , stressing that “ [ bitcoin ] will not be allowed ” until the central bank has drawn up a regulatory framework – a hint that some form of recognition could occur .
According to Chronicle , Zimbabwe 's central bank has previously warned that people who are involved investing in cryptocurrencies could lose their funds without recourse .
Nor is it the first institution of its kind in the region to stake out a prohibitive stance toward the tech .
The central bank of Namibia announced last month that it would prohibit the formation of cryptocurrency exchanges , as well as ban bitcoin 's use for goods and services payments .
“ In addition to the bank not recognizing virtual currencies as legal tender in Namibia , it also does not recognize it to be a foreign currency that can be exchanged for local currency , ” officials said at the time .
Zimbabwe flag image via Shutterstock
MOSCOW Russia says that it has no intention to extend a 20-year-old deal with the United States that has helped secure Soviet nuclear stockpiles .
Under the 1992 program initiated by Sens . Sam Nunn and Richard Lugar , the U.S. has provided billions of dollars in equipment and know-how to help Russia and its ex-Soviet neighbors deal with the Soviet nuclear legacy . The program provided reinforced rail cars to carry nuclear warheads , high-tech security systems for storage sites and helped pay for the dismantling of mothballed nuclear submarines and other weapons .
The program cost the U.S. about $ 500 million per year , according to the Washington Post . Among its successes , the Washington Post reported it `` has ensured the shipment of nuclear weapons out of Ukraine , Kazakhstan and Belarus , deactivated more than 7,600 nuclear warheads , destroyed 902 intercontinental ballistic missiles and 33 submarines and secured 24 nuclear weapons storage sites . ''
The Russian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that it does n't want to extend the deal that expires in 2013 . Most reports indicate that Russia will not end the effort to secure its former Soviet nuclear stockpile , and that it may just want to renegotiate the deal .
The move follows Moscow 's decision last month to end the U.S. Agency for International Development 's two decades of work in Russia . In explaining its decision to end USAID 's work , the Kremlin said the U.S. government agency was using its money to influence elections .
BALASORE : India today successfully test-fired its indigenously developed supersonic interceptor missile capable of destroying any incoming enemy ballistic missile at low altitude.This is the second time that the missile has been test-fired in less than a month and is part of an effort to put in place a multi-layer missile defence system . `` Today 's test launch was conducted in order to validate various parameters of the interceptor in flight mode , '' a defence official said , adding that it was a low altitude trial.The interceptor was engaged against a target which was a Prithvi missile launched from launch complex 3 of the Integrated Test Range ( ITR ) at Chandipur near here , taking up the trajectory of a hostile ballistic missile.The target missile was launched at about 10.10 hours from Chandipur.After about four minutes the interceptor , Advanced Air Defence ( AAD ) missile positioned at Abdul Kalam Island in the Bay of Bengal , getting signals from tracking radars , roared through its trajectory to destroy the incoming hostile missile in mid-air , in an endo-atmospheric altitude , the official said . `` The mission was excellent and it was a direct hit , '' said a scientist of the Defence Research Development Organisation ( DRDO ) .The interceptor is a 7.5-meter long single stage solid rocket propelled guided missile equipped with a navigation system , a hi-tech computer and an electro-mechanical activator , the official said.The interceptor missile had its own mobile launcher , secure data link for interception , independent tracking and homing capabilities and sophisticated radars , the official added.On February 11 , an incoming hostile ballistic missile target was successfully intercepted at high altitude , above 50 km of the earth 's atmosphere by an exo-atmospheric interceptor missile off the Odisha coast.Earlier , a low altitude ( endo-atmospheric ) test of AAD missile was successfully test launched on May 15 , 2016 from the same base .
What 's new in this version
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Changes in version 3.1.63 : - bug fixes Changes in version 3.1.41 : - bug fixes Changes in version 3.1.40 : - support for dark theme and customizable accent color - bug fixes Changes in version 3.0.35 : - Bug fixes Changes in version 3.0.31 : - Added a new setting for configuring calendar week rule - Added Formula One 2016 calendar - Other minor fixes and enhancements Changes in version 3.0.30 : - Bug fixes and other minor enhancements Changes in version 3.0.28 : - Bug fixes Changes in version 3.0.27 : - Bug fixes Changes in version 3.0.24 : - Bug fixes and other minor enhancements Changes in version 3.0.22 : - New improved tiles - New large tile ( desktop ) - Improved updating of tile - Configurable calendar colors - Other enhancements and fixes Changes in version 3.0 - New version for Windows 10 ( works in phone , tablet and PC ) . - Automatic sync of tasks and birthdays into all your Windows 10 devices using OneDrive . Enable this feature in app settings .
Apple has updated its iMac lineup with a new 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display , which takes the crown as the ultimate iMac .
Let 's take a look at the hardware specification for this machine .
As the name suggests , the new iMac with Retina 5K display is built around a 5K display . This 27-inch panel has a resolution of 5,120 by 2,880 , making it the world 's highest resolution display .
Image : Apple
That 's a total of 14.7 million pixels . And all that in a display only 5mm thin .
Inside the new iMac with Retina 5K display is Intel 's new fourth-generation Core processors , with the lineup starting with the 3.5GHz Core i5 ( Turbo Boost up to 3.9GHz ) , and going up to the 4.0GHz Core i7 ( Turbo Boost up to 4.4GHz ) . for an additional $ 250 The top-end spec offers 3.5 teraflops of compute power .
The new iMacs also feature AMD Radeon R9 M290X graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory , with an option to upgrade to AMD Radeon R9 M295X with 4GB of GDDR5 memory for an additional $ 250 .
The systems also start with 8GB of 1600MHz DDR3 RAM , and can be upgraded to either 16GB or 32GB as an option for an additional $ 200 and $ 600 respectively .
Storage options are as follows :
1TB Fusion drive ( default )
3TB Fusion drive ( + $ 300 )
256GB PCI-e flash storage
512GB PCI-e flash storage ( $ 300 )
1TB of PCE-e flash storage ( $ 800 )
The iMac with Retina 5K display simultaneously supports full native resolution on the built-in display and up to 3840 by 2160 pixels on an external display via the Thunderbolt port , which means you have plenty of space to get work done .
On the connectivity front , here 's how the new iMac with Retina 5K display is kitted out :
802.11ac Wi-Fi
Bluetooth 4.0
Headphone port
SDXC card slot
Four USB 3 ports ( compatible with USB 2 )
Two Thunderbolt 2 ports
10/100/1000BASE-T Gigabit Ethernet ( RJ-45 connector )
Kensington lock slot
Prices start at $ 2,499 for the base model , and upgrading the system to the 4GHz Core i7 , adding 32GB of RAM , the AMD Radeon R9 M295X with 4GB of GDDR5 memory and a 1TB PCI-e flash storage takes this up to $ 4,399 .
See also :
House Republican leaders are starting to look pretty desperate . Their latest gambit , as reported in National Review and Politico , and analyzed by my colleague Noam Scheiber , is to fuse negotiations over funding the government with negotiations over raising the debt ceiling and then—yes , there 's a third part—start negotiations over some kind of “ grand bargain ” on fiscal policy . Somehow this is supposed to break the current impasse .
The reporting on exactly what Republican leaders have in mind is a little sketchy . I 'm guessing that 's because Republican leaders have n't figured it out themselves . The fiscal standoff has taught us two things : House Speaker John Boehner has no control over their caucus and no long-term political strategy , other than to stop Tea Party Republicans from deposing him . Remember , Boehner knows that shutting down the government was a bad idea and that allowing the federal treasury to default would be a much , much worse idea . They have said so explicitly . And yet here they are , shutting down the government and threatening to allow a default if Democrats wo n't agree to undermine Obamacare . Every move Boehner has made in the last few days has reeked of panic . This talk of a new grand bargain does too . It 's not clear whether the propsoal is something Paul Ryan 's staff has been working up over the last few days or something Boehner thought up while they were in the shower one morning . Like the rest of you , I figure I 'll learn the answer when National Review 's Robert Costa reports it , since they seem to know more about what Republicans are doing than anybody else—including the Republicans .
For the record , there is absolutely nothing crazy about a grand bargain . We should have one ! Right now , the deficit is coming down but in a less-than-ideal way . Budget sequestration is indiscriminately cutting domestic spending , which is already at historic lows . A more sensible strategy would stop those cuts and , instead , reduce the deficit with a modest combination of tax increases and well-designed entitlement cuts . If Republicans are serious about wanting to work out such an agreement , I 'm sure President Obama and the Democrats would be very happy to discuss it , just as soon as Republicans stop holding government funding and the economy hostage . Democratic budget proposals include versions of these ideas and leave ample room for negotiation .
But such negoatition would have to give-and-take , rather than just take , and that 's always been the problem . Democrats can accept entitlement cuts but Republicans ca n't accept revenue . It 's hard to see why that would change now—or why the Ted Cruz wing of the Republican Party would find this an acceptable substitute for their current demands . Their idea of compromise is to kill Obamacare softly ( by delaying the individual mandate ) rather than loudly ( by repealing it outright ) . Chained CPI is supposed to make them go away happy ? I do n't get it .
Affordable accommodations are difficult to come by in New York ( hey , even this wooden box was going for over $ 1000 a month ) , but one NYC hotel is offering rooms for as low as $ 10 a night - if you 're willing to sleep with the roaches , that is . Sun Bright Hotel , located in Manhattan 's Chinatown district , has been described as a `` kennel for humans '' that does n't quite live up to its cheery name . According to the NY Post and even reviews on Yelp , the hostile hostel-style establishment features 7x5-ft. cells , chicken wire ceilings and all manner of putrid odors . Do you think you could stay at a place like this if it meant saving enough money for that fancy dinner at Le Bernadin ?
Located at 140 Hester Street , Sun Bright Hotel is a single-occupancy hotel ( though calling it a hotel is a bit of a stretch ) that caters mostly to men . According to Yelp reviewers , who collectively give the Sun Bright a 2 out of 5-star rating , some of the floors “ look like a crack den/prison ” and there is no ceiling – just cage-like wire mesh . The NY Post recently visited the facilities themselves and reported that “ Roaches , bedbugs , fleas and other vermin infest the building . Hot hallways reek of rotting trash , sweat and urine . ”
But not everyone had such harsh words for the Sun Bright . Yelp user Michael U. wrote , “ The rooms are clean albeit not glamorous , the restrooms are shared , and yes – you can hear every word your neighbor says ( whether it be in Chinese , Russian , or English – or maybe that was the TV ? ) . You 're certainly not paying for the ambiance here . ”
And at least they offer free WiFi ?
Sun Bright Hotel
Via NY Post
The film Zero Dark Thirty has sparked debate on its justification of torture , its misuse of facts , and its pro-CIA agenda . The main focus of the debate so far has been on whether torture was necessary to track Osama bin Laden and whether the film is pro or anti torture .
Criticism of the film has come from the highest levels of the political establishment . In a letter to the CIA , Diane Feinstein , Karl Levin and John McCain , members of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , fault the film for showing that the CIA obtained through torture the key lead that helped track down Osama bin Laden . The letter further blasts former CIA leaders for spreading such falsehoods in public statements .
Film director Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal , who worked with the CIA in the making of this film , likely did not expect such push back since they seem to have got a green light from the White House .
In the face of these attacks , some have risen to the filmmakers ' defense such as Mark Bowden , the author of The Finish : The Killing of Osama bin Laden . Writing in the Atlantic , they argue that the film is not pro-torture because the first scene shows that torture could not stop an attack in Saudi Arabia , instead it was cleverness and cunning that produced results .
Far more commentators , however , in a range of mainstream media from the New York Times , to CNN and the Daily Beast , have stated that the film lied about torture . Taking their lead from Feinstein et al , numerous voices have condemned the film and insisted that bin Laden 's whereabouts were obtained through means other than torture .
It 's hard to say who is correct . The CIA clearly has an interest in promoting its version in order to win public support for its clandestine activities . The Democrats have an interest in distancing themselves from torture so as to separate themselves from the worst of the Bush era policies .
While much of the air is being sucked up by this debate , scant attention has been paid to the larger , and in my view , more significant message of this film : that extra judicial killing is good . The film teaches us that brown men can and should be targeted and killed with impunity , in violation of international law , and that we should trust the CIA to act with all due diligence .
At a time when the key strategy in the “ war on terror ” has shifted from conventional warfare to extra judicial killing , here comes a film that normalizes and justifies this strategy . The controversy around this film will no doubt increase its box office success , but do n't expect mainstream debate on extra judicial killing . On this , there is bipartisan consent . Therefore the real scandal behind this Oscar nominated film -- its shameless propaganda for extra judicial murder -- will remain largely hidden .
Rebranding the killing machine
Zero Dark Thirty has very clear-cut “ good guys ” and “ bad guys. ” The CIA characters , in particular Maya and Dan , are the heroes and brown men , be they Arab or South Asian , are the villains .
The first brown man we encounter , Omar , is brutally tortured by Dan as Maya the protagonist ( played by Jessica Chastain ) watches with discomfort and anxiety . We soon learn , however , that Omar and their brethren wanted “ to kill all Americans ” thereby dispelling our doubts , justifying torture , and establishing their villainy .
In an interesting reversal ( first established by the TV show 24 ) torture , a characteristic normally associated with villains , is now associated with heroes . This shift is acceptable because all the brown men tortured in the film are guilty and therefore worthy of such treatment . Maya soon learns to overcome their hesitation as they become a willing participant in the use torture . In the process , audiences are invited to advance with them from discomfort to acceptance .
A clear “ us ” versus “ them ” mentality is established where “ they ” are portrayed as murderous villains while “ we ” do what we need to in order to keep the world safe . One scene in particular captures “ their ” irrational rage against all Americans . This is the scene when Maya is attacked by a barrage of machine gun fire as they exit a safe house in their car . We are then told that their identity as a CIA agent is not public and that in fact all Americans are the targets of such murderous rage and brutal attacks in Pakistan .
Pakistan , the country in which the majority of the film is set , is presented as a hellhole . In one the early scenes , Maya as a CIA first-year student new to the area , is asked by a colleague what they think of Pakistan . They reply : “ it 's kind of fucked up . ”
Other than being the target of bombing attacks in their car and at a hotel , a part of what seems to make Pakistan “ fucked up ” is Islam . In one scene they are disturbed late at night by the Muslim call to prayer sounding loud enough that it wakes them from their sleep . Disgusted by this , they grunt “ oh God ” and rolls back to sleep . Maya also uses the term “ mullah crackadollah ” to express their contempt for Muslim religious leaders ( I have never heard this term before and hope that I transcribed it correctly . I certainly do not wish to waste another $ 14 to watch the film again , and will wait till the film is out on DVD to confirm this term ) .
What does not need re-viewing to confirm is the routine and constant use of the term “ Paks ” to refer to Pakistani people , a term that is similar to other racist epithets like “ gooks ” and “ japs. ” The film rests on the wholesale demonization of the Pakistani people . If we doubt that the “ Paks ” are a devious lot that ca n't be trusted , the film has a scene where Maya 's colleague and friend is ambushed and blown to bits by a suicide bomber whom they expected to interrogate .
Even ordinary men standing by the road or at markets are suspicious characters who whip out cell phones to inform on and plot against the CIA . It is no wonder then that when Pakistanis organize a protest outside the US embassy we see them with contempt and through the eyes of Maya , who is standing inside the embassy , and whose point of view we are asked to identify with .
For a filmmaker of Bigelow 's talent it is shocking to see such unambiguous “ good guys ” and “ bad guys. ” The only way to be brown and not to be a villain in their narrative is to be unflinchingly loyal to the Americans , as the translator working for the CIA is . The “ good Muslim ” does not question , they simply act to pave the way for American interests .
Against the backdrop of this racist dehumanization of brown men , Maya and their colleagues routinely use the word “ kill ” without it seeming odd or out of place . After Maya has comes to terms with the anguish of losing their friend in the suicide attack they state : “ I 'm going to smoke everybody involved in this operation and then I 'm going to kill Osama bin Laden. ” When talking about a doctor who might be useful in getting to bin Laden , they say if they “ does n't give up the big man ” then “ we kill him . ”
At the start of the film Maya refuses a disguise when they re-enter the cell in which Omar is being held . They ask Dan if the man will ever get out and thereby reveal their identity to which they reply “ never , ” suggesting that Omar will either be held indefinitely or killed .
A top CIA official blasting a group of agents for not making more progress in the hunt for bin Laden sums up the role of the CIA as a killing machine in the following manner , they say “ do your fucking jobs and bring me people to kill. ” By this point in the film , the demonization of brown men is so complete that this statement is neither surprising nor extraordinary .
It is a clever and strategic choice that the resolution of film 's narrative arc is the execution of Osama bin Laden . After all , who could possibly object to the murder of this heinous person other than the “ do good ” lawyers who are chastised in the film for providing legal representation for terrorists .
Here then is the key message of the film : the law , due process , and the idea of presenting evidence before a jury , should be dispensed with in favor of extra judicial killings . Further , such killings can take place without public oversight . The film not only uses the moral unambiguity of assassinating bin Laden to sell us on the rightness and righteousness of extra judicial killing , it also takes pains to show that this can be done in secret because of the checks and balances involved before a targeted assassination is carried out .
Maya is seen battling a male dominated bureaucracy that constantly pushes them to provide evidence before it can order the strike . We feel their frustration at this process and we identify with them when they say that they are a 100 % sure that bin Laden is where they say they are . Yet , a system of checks and balances that involves scrupulous CIA heads , and a president who is “ smart ” and wants the facts , means that due diligence will not be compromised even when we know we are right .
This , in my view , is the key propaganda accomplishment of the film : the selling of secret extra judicial killing at a time when this has been designated the key strategy in the “ war on terror ” for the upcoming decade .
The disposition matrix
As I have argued in my book Islamophobia and the Politics of Empire , the Obama administration has drawn the conclusion , after the failed interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , that conventional warfare should be ditched in favor of drone strikes , black operations , and other such methods of extra judicial killing .
The New York Times expose on Obama 's “ kill list , ” revealed that this strategy is one presided over by the president himself . John Brennen , their top counterterrorism advisor , is one of its key authors and architects . Brennen 's nomination to head the CIA is a clear indication that this strategy will not only continue but that the spy agency will more openly become a paramilitary force that carries out assassinations through drone attacks and other means , with little or no public oversight .
Greg Miller 's piece in the Washington Post reveals that the Obama administration has been working on a “ blueprint for pursuing terrorists ” based on the creation of database known as the “ disposition matrix. ” The matrix developed by the National Counterterrorism Center brings together the separate but overlapping kill lists from the CIA and the Joint Operations Special Command into a master grid and allocates resources for “ disposition. ” The resources that will be used to “ dispose ” those on the list include capture operations , extradition , and drone strikes .
Miller notes that Brennen has played a key role in this process of “ codify [ ing ] the administration 's approach to generating capture/kill lists. ” Based on extensive interviews with top Obama administration officials Miller states that such extra judicial killing is “ likely to be extended at least another decade. ” Brennan 's nomination to the CIA directorship no doubt will ensure such a result .
In short , at the exact point that a strategic shift has been made in the war on terror from conventional warfare to targeted killing , there comes a film that justifies this practice and asks us to trust the CIA with such incredible power .
No doubt the film had to remake the CIA brand dispelling other competing Hollywood images of the institution as a clandestine and shady outfit . The reality , however , is that unlike the film 's morally upright characters Brennan is a liar and an unabashed torture advocate ( except for waterboarding ) .
As Glenn Greenwald notes , Brennen has “ spouted complete though highly influential falsehoods to the world in the immediate aftermath of the Osama bin Laden killing , including claiming that bin Laden `` engaged in a firefight '' with Navy SEALS and had `` used their wife as a human shield '' . ”
Zero Dark Thirty , nominated for the “ best picture of year ” Academy Award , is a harbinger of things to come . The National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) signed into law by Obama earlier this month includes an amendment , passed in the House last May , that legalizes the dissemination of propaganda to US citizens . Journalist Naomi Wolf argues that the propaganda “ amendment legalizes something that has been illegal for decades : the direct funding of pro-government or pro-military messaging in media , without disclosure , aimed at American citizens . ”
We can therefore expect not only more such films , but also more misinformation on our TV screens , in our newspapers , on our radio stations and in social media websites . What used to be an informal arrangement whereby the State Department and the Pentagon manipulated the media has now been codified into law . Be ready to be propagandized to all the time , everywhere .
We live in an Orwellian world : the government has sought and won the power to indefinitely detain and to kill US citizens , all wrapped in cloud of secrecy , and to lie to us without any legal constraints .
The NDAA allows for indefinite detention , and a judge ruled that the Obama administration need not provide legal justification for extra judicial killings based on US law thereby granting carte blanche authority to the president to kill whoever they please with no legal or public oversight .
Such a system requires an equally powerful system of propaganda to convince the citizenry that they need not be alarmed , they need not speak out , they need not think critically , in fact they need not even participate in the deliberative process except to pull a lever every couple of years in an elaborate charade of democracy . We are being asked , quite literally , to amuse ourselves to death .
[ Deepa Kumar is the author of Islamophobia and the Politics of Empire . They originally wrote this review for Mondoweiss . ]
The Oslo-based , low-cost carrier announced Thursday that it was opening new flight crew bases at Rhode Island 's T.F . Green Airport and Stewart International Airport in Newburgh , New York , to offer a total of 10 new routes between the United States and Europe .
One-way flights would start at $ 65 ( 61.4 euros ) for the first 10,000 seats during an introductory phase , with fares on the next pricing tier starting at $ 99 . By comparison , prices for a one-way ticket from New York to Dublin in mid-June with other airlines range from about $ 655 to $ 2,755 on the Expedia travel website .
The move is part of Norwegian Air Shuttle 's drive to expand its transatlantic services after receiving approval late last year for its Irish subsidiary to operate the routes .
`` I pay for what I want , you pay for what you want . We do n't pay for what everybody else on the plane wants , '' Norwegian Air spokesperson Anders Lindström said of its fares .
Fierce competition across the Atlantic
Norwegian said it would fly from smaller US airports with lower fees to keep costs low , and use narrow-body Boeing 737-MAX aircraft due to be delivered later this year .
The announcement follows a healthy increase in revenue for the airline last year - rising 16 percent to 26 billion Norwegian crowns ( $ 3.12 billion , 2.95 billion euros ) , and enabling the carrier to place orders for 260 aircraft from Boeing and Airbus .
Meanwhile , growing low-cost competition on transatlantic flights has shaken up more established rivals . British Airways ' owner IAG is planning to start low-cost transatlantic flights from Barcelona this year .
IAG chief executive Willie Walsh said this month that the Norwegian carrier 's model had pushed the airline to look at new ways to operate .
Franco-Dutch group Air France-KLM is also pursuing plans for a new low-cost unit , in a project dubbed Boost , while German carrier Lufthansa is expanding long-haul budget flying through its Eurowings business .
Watch video 02:27 Share Lufthansa Under Pressure - The Difficult Situation Facing a Global Brand Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https : //p.dw.com/p/1F0KP Lufthansa under pressure from low-cost competition
uhe/nz ( Reuters , AP )
Louis van Gaal has welcomed Wayne Rooney 's decision to admit they had a poor game against Aston Villa , with the Manchester United manager saying the comments were an acknowledgement from their captain that they knew they were “ very bad ” .
Premier League : 10 things to look out for this weekend Read more
Earlier this week Rooney said they had not played well in United 's 1-0 win at Villa last Friday . Van Gaal , preparing for the early kick-off against Newcastle Unitedon Saturday , said : “ It starts always with the player himself . When you are saying so publicly that you are bad , then you know that you are very bad at that time . I think that 's fantastic that a player will admit that . ”
Van Gaal , though , conceded that Rooney 's candour could lead to them being reminded about the comments later in the season . “ It 's also for me unbelievable because they are one of the few players who is saying those things because it can , after a few weeks , be a threat of the media again , or pressure from the media , ” the Dutchman said . “ He takes a risk , I think , but they are very confident that they will make the goals that we expect from them and I am confident also .
“ My standards they know already . They know my philosophy and what I want from a striker . They think that they can perform that and I think that also , otherwise I would not put them in the striker position .
“ I have tried last year all the positions and they can play in various positions – they are multifunctional . I think their best position is the striker position and they agreed with that conclusion and the second position is the No10 . ”
Van Gaal said the first step for any player to improve is self-honesty . “ It starts with the player themselves as they have to admit that they are bad and then they can improve . When you do n't admit , you can not improve . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Pineapples and butterflies : two nice things , two odd words . Pineapples are neither pines nor apples . Butterflies are neither flies nor butter . But never mind that . Look at this :
Pineapple :
French : ananas
Italian : ananas
Spanish : piña/ananá
Portuguese ( European ) : ananás
German : Ananas
Dutch : ananas
Swedish : ananas
Danish : ananas
Russian : ananas
Polish : ananas
Finnish : ananas
Estonian : ananass
Hungarian : ananász
Greek : ananás
Butterfly :
French : papillon
Italian : farfalla
Spanish : mariposa
Portuguese : borboleta
German : Schmetterling
Dutch : vlinder
Swedish : fjäril
Danish : sommerfugl
Russian : babochka
Polish : motyl
Finnish : perhonen
Estonian : liblikas
Hungarian : lepke , pillangó
Greek : petaloúda
Okay . So we have two big questions .
First , why does almost every European language but English call a pineapple `` ananas '' ?
Second , why do they all have completely different words for butterfly ?
The short answer : History and fantasy .
People in Europe had never heard of pineapples before the early 1600s . When the European invaders of the Americas brought the fruit back to Europe , they brought a word for it , too , same as they did with things like tomatoes and avocados . And the word , taken slightly changed from the Tupi language , was ananas .
So why did n't English go with that like just about everyone else did ? We decided instead to use a word we already had that previously referred to pine cones . It 's pine because it 's spiky and apple because it 's fruit . ( Hey , French calls potatoes `` earth apples '' — pommes de terre . ) We did use `` ananas '' a little bit back in the 1600s to 1800s , but pineapple prevailed . The fact that the word banana came over from West Africa ( from the Wolof language ) in the later 1600s probably helped pineapple win for clarity . Other languages did n't have another word to use , so they just stuck with ananas .
Butterflies , on the other hand , have been all over the world since before there were even people . They were n't imported all at one time . But that still does n't account for why practically all of the different languages ' words are different from one another . Words within language families tend to resemble each other . Butter , in the languages listed above , is beurre , burro , mantequilla , manteiga , Butter , boter , smör , smør , maslo , masło , voi , või , vaj , boútyro . Just five different sets of related words . Look again at the words for butterfly : 15 languages , 15 entirely different words — 16 when you count English . The words for `` butterfly '' have done about as much fluttering around through history as butterflies have .
So what accounts for this chaos ? Witches , women , souls , birds , flowers , fluttering , and mists .
First come the witches . Some Germans at one time had the idea that witches turned themselves into butterflies to steal cream . The word Schmetten means `` sour cream '' in an Austrian dialect ( taken from Czech smetana ) . From that they apparently made the word Schmetterling for those pretty little witches .
If you think those Germans are funny , guess where we got butterfly from . Yup , it may well have been because we thought they were witches coming to steal the butter . Or it may just have been that people thought butterflies liked butter , or that some of the more common ones in England have pale yellow wings . Or it may originally have involved beating ( of wings ) rather than butter . What we do know is that it does n't come from flutter by — the Old English word for butterfly was buttorfleoga , which is too far to flap from flotora be , Old English for flutter by .
Then come the other ladies . Russian for butterfly is babochka , which is a diminutive of baba , `` old woman . '' The story goes that Russians believed that women turned into butterflies when they died . Witches especially . Meanwhile , Spanish children used to sing songs that included verses such as `` María pósate , descansa en el suelo , '' which means `` Mary , alight , rest on the ground . '' From María pósate came the Spanish word for butterfly : mariposa .
Next come the birds and the flowers . The Danish sommerfugl means `` summer bird . '' They have actual birds in Denmark in the summer , too , but there it is . Meanwhile , the Greek petaloúda is related to the word pétalon , which is the Greek origin of petal . So in Greek , butterflies are seen as like flying flowers . Which sure beats witches who steal butter . But in ancient Greek , they used the word psyche , which also meant `` soul '' — more dead people fluttering around .
And , yes , there 's the fluttering : Several of the words in other languages come from imitations of the butterfly 's fluttering wings . The ancient Romans thought papilio was a good imitation of the wings flapping . French papillon comes from that , and Italian farfalla and Portuguese borboleta may as well — or borboleta may actually come from Latin for `` pretty little thing . '' Dutch vlinder may be related to a word for `` flutter '' and may be related to an older imitative word viveltere , which comes from an older Germanic word that may be what developed differently into Swedish fjäril ( or fjäril may be related to feather ) .
Talk about words fluttering through history . English also has a related word , flinder , but we decided we liked butterfly better — just as the Germans preferred Schmetterling to Feifalter . It 's the witches , I tell ya .
And then there are the dark mists of time . The Estonian liblikas and Hungarian lepke are descended from a single Finno-Ugric root , as is an alternative Finnish word , liippo . We 're not sure where that root comes from , though it may be borrowed from a Greek word for `` scales '' ( which you 'll also see at the start of the genus name Lepidoptera ) . We are less sure where Hungarian pillangó and Finnish perhonen are from , aside from perhonen being a diminutive of perho , which also means `` butterfly . '' Southern Slavic languages tend to use leptir or a similar word , which may be from the same root as lepke . Some Slavic languages have a word like the Polish motyl , coming from a root that may have to do with sweeping ( as in back and forth ) or may be related to ... um ... excrement . Small wonder that the Russians preferred their little old lady babochka .
Pineapples , meanwhile , just sit there . They may be delicious , but they 're not magical like butterflies .
Incidentally , in many languages , they use the same or a related word for moth as for butterfly . Some languages call moths `` night butterflies . '' Well , they are closely related . And some languages , such as Italian and Russian , use the same word for bow tie as for butterfly . You can see it , right ?
Photo
REDMOND , Wash. — If Microsoft has learned anything while competing against Google in the Internet search business , it 's that Google clings to a dominant position like a squatter does a house .
The lesson is a relevant one for Microsoft 's mobile phone business . Microsoft is discovering that gains in market share for its phones are incremental , slowly acquired and ultimately dwarfed by Google 's position . Just as in search , Microsoft steadily rolls out nice improvements to its mobile products , the latest batch of which are being announced Monday . At least in the past , though , these refinements have not created a swell of people who find them compelling enough to choose Microsoft over Google 's Android system .
The update Microsoft is announcing Monday to its mobile operating system — its third to Windows Phone 8 — is n't a drastic set of changes . There is support for quad core processors that can give more oomph to applications , support for higher resolutions on big-screen mobile phones and a new driving mode that limits notifications people receive when they 're behind the wheel .
Photo
The updates , Microsoft said , are one example of how the company is constantly chipping away at the reasons people have for buying iPhones and Google 's Android phones instead of Windows Phones . Microsoft has long been trying to fill holes in the app library for Windows Phone . The company is also buying Nokia 's handset business to strengthen its mobile products .
“ We 've seen our sales rate improving and improving , ” Joe Belfiore , the Microsoft corporate vice president in charge of the design of Windows Phone , said in an interview last week .
But Windows Phone is still a very small part of the market . Its global share of smartphone shipments is expected to be 3.9 percent this year , said IDC , the research firm . Its share in the United States , where Apple and Samsung reign supreme , is expected to be even weaker at 2.8 percent , IDC said .
Microsoft is doing better in emerging markets where Nokia , which accounts for the vast majority of Windows Phones sold , is an established brand and where the smartphone business is at an earlier stage of development , said Kevin Restivo , an analyst at IDC .
In Mexico , for instance , Windows Phone is in second place , ahead of Apple but far behind Android phones . Microsoft is also eating share from a much-weakened BlackBerry .
But Microsoft 's slow progress in search offers a cautionary tale for its mobile efforts . Microsoft 's search engine , Bing , has steadily gained share in recent years to account for nearly 18 percent of searches in the United States , according to comScore .
It has accomplished the gains partly by stealing share from Yahoo , for which Bing has powered searches since 2010 . The combined share of Bing and Yahoo has changed little in the last few years .
Google , meanwhile , increased its search share slightly , to 66.9 percent during that period , according to comScore . And the discrepancy means money . Microsoft had nearly $ 1.3 billion in operating losses in online services during its last fiscal year , while Google made more than $ 11.6 billion in net profit during that same time .
Can Microsoft do better in mobile ?
At a recent meeting of Microsoft investors , Steven A. Ballmer , the company 's outgoing chief executive , stated the obvious , but in starker terms than they ordinarily do . “ Mobile devices — we have almost no share , ” they said .
They did n't let the statement hang in the air for very long before adding , “ But I 'm an optimistic guy . Any time we have low market share sounds like upside opportunity to me . ”
New Delhi : There was all round cheer when Air India reported a modest operating profit for 2015-16 , for the first time since the two erstwhile airlines were merged to form the present entity . But in the first quarter immediately after this euphoric 12-month period , the airline has slipped back .
According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha , Air India reported an operating loss of Rs 264.14 crore between April-June 2017 quarter when the target was an operating profit of Rs 87.28 crore for these months . In other words , the airline was way off the mark , by about Rs 350 crore . Not only did it not report any operating profit , it actually made operational losses of close to Rs 3 crore a day during Q1 !
So how will Air India achieve the 10-fold growth in operational profit this fiscal , as targeted ? In a written reply in Lok Sabha today , the minister said that the first quarter of a financial year was typically the lean season for airlines and there was still an expectation of FY17 closing with an operational profit in the second half ( October 2016- March 2017 ) of the year . That this government is getting ambitious over Air India is obvious .
Air India reported operating profit of Rs 105 crore last fiscal and its target for operating profit in the current fiscal is almost 10-fold growth at Rs 1,086 crore . Not a word on how this will be achieved was there in the minister 's reply , other than the usual reference to generic steps taken in the past on routes , better fleet utilistion etc . What are the targets for achieving net profit ? In other words , what 's the financial future of this airline ? Will the government think in terms of divestment of this white elephant anytime soon ? It is clear that from what Sinha told Swarajya magazine in this interview there is little hope of the government divesting its stake in the airline .
Instead , the minister is banking on a “ winning strategy ” which will see Air India deliver a “ robust ” financial performance . “ We believe there is a winning strategy for Air India to become a great global airline , which it once was . And because we think we have a winning strategy , we believe we can deliver an excellent financial performance for Air India as well . And we will also be able to make it a great place to work . Those are the dimensions we are working on right now . And we are very committed to that approach . ”
What this winning strategy the government is looking at may become clear in the coming days , but for now , the airline is mulling several measures to tackle its mounting debt pile . The minister said in their reply that almost Rs 24,000 crore of equity support has been given by the government already under the Turnaround Plan . Sinha said in their reply that the airline notched up operating losses as yields on passenger traffic fell 6 percent and cargo traffic revenue also declined during the quarter .
Yield is a measure of revenue per passenger and an airline official had said last month that for the entire first half of the fiscal ( April-September ) , yields fell by a whopping 15 percent as airlines competed on fares on every route and wa forced to lower ticket prices . This means even the second quarter of this fiscal , Air India may have found it difficult to meet its lofty operating profit targets . And is now banking heavily on the peak winter travel season to push up yields and therefore operational performance .
But operating metrics apart , the airline needs to do a clean up of its books in a significant manner to become financially sound . The most important task before its management is debt reduction .
As we said earlier Air India is mulling a scheme where PSU banks could be asked to take equity in lieu of their exposure . Air India has a total interest outgo of Rs 4,000 crore each year with total debts on its books at about Rs 46,000 crore . Of this total debt , about Rs 20,000 crore is sought to be restructured through the Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets ( S4A ) scheme announced by the government recently , where banks are being asked to look at equity on return for debt repayment . The entire loan restructuring process could take up to six months . But once it is done and if it is done , total annual interest payment outgo will reduce by about Rs 1,000 crore . Will PSU banks play ball ?
Also , another mammoth task before the airline is availing fresh loans for taking deliveries of some remaining aircraft from the old order for 111 aircraft . This means increased leverage , something which the airline should avoid . With the promised equity support nearing completion and benign oil prices making the operating environment cost friendly , this is as good a time as any for Air India to begin the long-awaited turnaround . The winning strategy that the government has up its sleeve had better be a winner .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
The University of Alaska is sponsoring a full investigation into claims that World Trade Center Building 7 ( WTC7 ) was brought down by a controlled demolition during the 9/11 attacks .
Dr. J. Leroy Husley , Chair of the University of Alaska Fairbanks ' ( UAF ) Civil and Environmental Engineering Department , is partnering with Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth to evaluate the causes for its collapse .
Activistpost.com reports :
Although questions still remain about how the two planes that hit the Twin Towers could cause the total collapse of the high-rise buildings , many 9/11 researchers now focus on the mysterious collapse of building 7 . A number of 9/11 family members point to the collapse of WTC7 as a possible crack in the official story that could spark a new national conversation on the events of that day . WTC7 was not hit by a plane that day ; however , it collapsed at 5:20 p.m. according to the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , the official cause for the collapse was office fires . A growing number of family members , activists , architects and engineers question the official theory for collapse and are seeking a new investigation into WTC7 .
Dr. Hulsey and the WTC7 Evaluation project hope to answer some of the remaining questions . The project is a two-year study that is being crowd-funded through Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth . Dr. Hulsey has invited professionals from the fields of structural engineering , civil engineering , mechanical engineering , architecture , building design and construction , physics , math , and science , as well as everyday citizens , to get involved .
“ Over the next year , with a team of PhD students , I will be rebuilding World Trade Center building 7 , using the same drawings that were used to build it originally we will reconstruct it digitally , ” said Dr. J. Leroy Hulsey . “ NIST says the building fell down due to office fires . Our investigation will evaluate the probability that this was the cause of the collapse . ”
The researchers are promising a “ completely open and transparent investigation into the cause of World Trade Center Building 7 's collapse , ” and will post every step of their scientific process on WTC7Evaluation.org . The WTC7 Evaluation project will also include a review by a committee of technical experts who will vet the research being conducted by Dr. Hulsey and their students . The professor and their team are soliciting financial support from the public from now until the completion of the study in April 2017 .
Ted Walter , Director of Strategy and Development for A & E 9/11 Truth , is in charge of working with the professor and raising money to fund the WTC7 Evaluation . Walter told Activist Post that the project began in May 2015 and should should wrap up in April of next year .
“ They are coming up with different scenarios of how hot the fires could have been in different parts of the building , and then for the next 6 months they will be running tests and scenarios , ” Walter told Activist Post . “ The last few months , early next year , will be all about putting the findings into a final report . ”
Walter said the goal is to get the report published in peer-reviewed engineering journals . “ We hope to gain significant traction in the engineering community by providing an authoritative refutation of NIST 's report , by showing that there is no way that fires could have brought down building 7. ” Walter also mentioned the possibility of getting the report into the hands of every member of Congress .
As we approach the 15th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 attacks , it has never been more important to question and challenge the official government narrative . Exposing the lies and bringing the truth to light is going to take efforts by researchers like Dr. Hulsey , as well as architects , engineers , firefighters , pilots , government officials , and everyday citizens . Without a coordinated effort and campaign for truth , the American public will likely never know exactly what happened during that tragic day .
Via yournewswire
Enhanced UX
When it comes to user experience HTML5 has already set a standard . This simply makes it a better choice for mobile app development .
Whether it is about responding back to the responses of the user requests or about OS-specific gestures , you can have HTML5 at your service . Remember that the UX is the single most important thing which can decide the present and future of your mobile app and so opting for HTML5 app development can turn out to be safe .
HTML5 makes use of features like geolocation and accelerometer for application development . Here you do n't have to add in any third-party plugins as it is more interactive as well as saves money and time .
Moreover , it enables the developers to play any audio or video without having to include any third-party extension . The apps are designed in such a way that it manages the images and graphics easily by making use of advanced canvas elements .
Heroic Timely Cyclist
What do you do if you 're stuck in traffic on the way to an important meeting on day one of Mobile World Congress ? If you 're HTC CEO Peter Chou , you might think on your feet and seek help from a local motorcyclist . According to the company 's official blog , the HTC boss found their cab gridlocked in traffic on the morning of Feb. 24 , when they were on their way to a meeting at the Fira de Barcelona . Determined not to miss their appointment , Chou instructed their cab to honk at a passing biker before asking them for a lift to the MWC venue . Ten minutes later , HTC 's CEO arrived safely at the Fira on the back of the man 's green Honda Scoopy .
But the biker did n't accept the cash Peter Chou was offering for the favor , and now Chou is determined to track them down and see that he 's properly rewarded . So HTC is now trying to locate `` a good-looking man , 45-50 years old , riding a Green Honda Scoopy with a yellow plate , '' between 08:24 and 08:35 on the morning of Monday , Feb. 24 . If that 's you , or you know who it might be , HTC wants you to e-mail info @ htc-one.es or use the hashtag # HTCseeksBiker on Twitter and Facebook .
Source : HTC Blog
This post may contain affiliate links . See our disclosure policy for more details .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
They are many measures of how a presidential candidate might respond in a moment of national trauma . To my mind , the standard was set on the night of April 4 , 1968 , when Robert F. Kennedy learned shortly before they were to speak in Indianapolis 's inner city that the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. had been assassinated . Indianapolis Mayor Richard Lugar , reportedly fearing an eruption of violence , informed Kennedy 's aides that they could not guarantee the safety of the Democratic presidential contender . But Kennedy went ahead and gave their speech that night at an outdoor rally . They began by informing the crowd of the death of the civil-rights leader . Then , sharing the shock and grief of their audience , Kennedy continued : Ad Policy
Martin Luther King dedicated their life to love and to justice between fellow human beings . They died in the cause of that effort . In this difficult day , in this difficult time for the United States , it 's perhaps well to ask what kind of nation we are and what direction we want to move in . For those of you who are black—considering the evidence evidently is that there were white people who were responsible—you can be filled with bitterness , and with hatred , and a desire for revenge . We can move in that direction as a country , in greater polarization—black people amongst blacks , and white amongst whites , filled with hatred toward one another . Or we can make an effort , as Martin Luther King did , to understand , and to comprehend , and replace that violence , that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land , with an effort to understand , compassion , and love . For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with—be filled with hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act , against all white people , I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling . I had a member of my family killed , but they were killed by a white man . But we have to make an effort in the United States . We have to make an effort to understand , to get beyond , or go beyond these rather difficult times .
Kennedy did not know all the details regarding Dr. King 's assassination . The candidate was cautious in some of their language . Yet , they delivered a clear and compelling statement that was credited by many for easing tensions and encouraging a sense of connection and solidarity .
One of the great tests for presidential candidates comes when they must respond to unexpected , difficult , shocking , and sometimes terrifying moments that arise during the course of a campaign . It is certainly reasonable to suggest that such a moment came on Friday , when the news was dominated by reports from Colorado Springs , where a police officer and two others were killed after a gunman opened fire at a Planned Parenthood clinic . Today 's circumstances are distinct from those of April , 1968 . These are different and perhaps more jaded times . Yet , even if we are all too familiar with reports of mass violence , and in particular violence directed toward providers of abortions and reproductive-health services , President Obama was surely right when they said Saturday morning , “ We ca n't let it become normal. ” “ Today and every day , we # StandWithPP. ” —Hillary Clinton
As the six-hour standoff ended in Colorado with the arrest of the alleged shooter , social media were filled with responses to the news of the violence that left nine wounded and renewed concerns about violence directed at clinics . This is an age of instant reaction . And even if there were still many questions that could be asked regarding the motives and actions of the shooter , there were also things that could be said .
Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton , a steady defender of Planned Parenthood , was quick to declare on Twitter : “ Today and every day , we # StandWithPP. ” Clinton linked their comment to a statement from Vicki Cowart , the president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Rocky Mountains , and to news coverage of the unfolding story .
Clinton 's chief rival for the Democratic nomination , Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders , tweeted Friday evening : “ We proudly # StandWithPP of Colorado Springs and the brave law enforcement personnel who fought to protect it. ” Later , Sanders would issue a statement saying , “ While we still do not know the shooter 's motive , what is clear is that Planned Parenthood has been the subject of vicious and unsubstantiated statements attacking an organization that provides critical health care for millions of Americans . I strongly support Planned Parenthood and the work it is doing and hope people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences . ”
Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley , the third Democratic contender , also used the # StandWithPP hashtag when they tweeted Saturday morning : “ My thoughts and prayers are with those in Colorado . # StandWithPP . ”
But what of the Republican contenders who have had so very much to say against Planned Parenthood ? Billionaire Donald Trump , Dr. Ben Carson , and the rest of the conservative crew that is usually jostling to be first and loudest went suddenly silent Friday night . For the most part , they remained silent into Saturday—as least with regard to a violent incident that dominated the national news and kitchen-table discussions . Bernie Sanders says they “ ( hopes ) people realize that bitter rhetoric can have unintended consequences . ”
Twenty-four hours after the shooting began in Colorado Springs , the one major Republican contender who commented was Texas Senator Ted Cruz . On Saturday morning , Cruz tweeted : “ Praying for the loved ones of those killed , those injured & first responders who bravely got the situation under control in Colorado Springs . ”
Later on Saturday , Ohio Governor John Kasich tweeted : “ Senseless violence has brought tragedy to Colorado Springs . I pray for the families in mourning and have hope our nation can heal . ”
Aside from Cruz and Kasich , the usually noisy Republicans had very little to say about the Colorado shooting or Planned Parenthood .
Their silence was broadly noted .
“ 2016 Republican Contenders Silent On Planned Parenthood Shooting , ” noted one Saturday morning headline , while another read : “ Republican candidates are too busy this morning to denounce attack on Planned Parenthood clinic . ”
It 's not as if the Republican candidates had nothing at all to say . Florida Senator Marco Rubio was hawking clothes with their campaign 's logo— “ Stay warm this winter with our new cold-weather bundle . Shop now and save ! ” —and declaring their continued opposition to Obamacare . Trump , the front-runner for the GOP nod , was tweeting polling data and announcements of a Florida rally . They even found time to continue griping about New York Times reporter Serge F. Kovaleski—while at the same time denying that they mocked the appearance of a journalist with a physical disability .
But there were no mentions of the latest attack on a clinic run by Planned Parenthood—an organization that the Republicans have stumbled over one another to condemn with clockwork consistency , an organization that has been a major topic of Republican debates .
There was no presumption that Trump or former CEO Carly Fiorina to rush to declare they were standing in solidarity with a group they have regularly savaged—often with casual disregard for the facts and for the role Planned Parenthood clinics play in providing a wide range of health services .
But was there really no place for an immediate expression of concern for the loss of life ? For recognition of the service and sacrifice of a slain law-enforcement officer who happened to be the co-pastor of an evangelical church ? For conveying an understanding of the distress experienced by people of all political views in Colorado Springs , and across America ?
No one expects opponents of abortion rights to change their position in a circumstance such as this . But it is reasonable to expect a caring response in a traumatic time—even if the immediate response is nothing more than an announcement that the candidate is monitoring troublesome reports of violence leading to multiple deaths in an American city .
People who would be president are usually very quick to express their views . There is nothing wrong with this , as presidents frequently face immediate demands for responses to volatile and unsettling developments . One of the most consistent measures of leadership is found in the response to terror , to frightening news , to evidence that mean things are happening in this land . We can expect this of candidates , even if they do not match the eloquence of Bobby Kennedy when they concluded in April 1968 : “ What we need in the United States is not division ; what we need in the United States is not hatred ; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness , but is love , and wisdom , and compassion toward one another , and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country , whether they be white or whether they be black . ”
3x3x3 Cube First Round Second Round Final 2x2x2 Cube First Round Final 4x4x4 Cube Combined First Final 5x5x5 Cube Combined First Final 3x3x3 Blindfolded First Round Final 3x3x3 The Fewest Moves Final 3x3x3 One-Handed Combined First Second Round Final Megaminx Combined Final Skewb First Round Final Square-1 Combined Final 4x4x4 Blindfolded Final 5x5x5 Blindfolded Final Competitors Aadith Yadav Govindarajan Adrian Lehmann Alexander Mutch Amelie Dieterich Amer Mulabegovic Andreas Pohl Andres Flügel Anirudh Yamunan Govindarajan Anne Huber Anton Ensinger Antonio Herbin Arthur Garcin Benjamin Speck Bennet Wichmann Bernhard Brodowsky Christine Brychcy Cornelius Dieckmann David Heymann Elias Heymann Emil Jung Emil Mickein Fadhil Rizki Clausthaldi Fin Thiessen Florian Strobl Francis Geissler Frithiof Kuhlmann Fritz Meyer Gabriel Ysunza Gregor Billing Hannah Minas Harald Weber Heike Zbierski Heiko Buschermöhle Henri Gerber Hippolyte Moreau Ilja Kerber Ioannis Papadopoulos Jan Bentlage Janik Blenckner Jeremias Preisler Jessica Lohe Jonas Pohlmann Juliane Kiehn Kamil Przybylski Kim Kattelans Konstantin Jaehne Lars Kadel Laura Ohrndorf Leon Schmidtchen Leone Hardt Linus Kunath Luisa-Marie Nehlsen Lukas Lange Maja von Borstel Malte Ihlefeld Marcel Peters Markus Pirzer Martin Lédl Max Kalle Martiny Mengze Jiang Minhyun Kim ( 김민현 ) Miriam Mahnke Nico Nentwig Oliver Frost Oskar Frowein Torres Pauline Clémenceau Percy Agnesens Philip Moore Philipp Weyer Ricardo Olea Catalán Roland Krüger Rushil Chinnakaveti Ruven Krohn Salimot Balogun Sebastian Bauer Sebastian Weyer Sébastien Auroux Sergio Rivera Robles Simon Kalhofer Simone Ohler Steven Koopke Thierry Boisivon Thorben Schweizer Tim Schulze Timo Ludwig Tino Nordbeck Tobias Peter Tomke Albrecht Willi Mickein Yannick Balsiger Zuzana Lédlová Schedule [ refresh ]
© AP Photo/Hancock County Sheriff This undated handout photo provided by the Hancock County Sheriff 's Office shows State Rep. Henry Rayhons of Garner , Iowa .
GARNER , Iowa — A longtime Iowa state lawmaker was acquitted Wednesday of sexually abusing their wife who suffered from dementia , in a case that centered on questions about when a person is no longer mentally capable of consenting to sex .
After about 13 hours of deliberation , jurors found 78-year-old Henry Rayhons not guilty of sexually abusing Donna Lou Rayhons . They were accused of having sex with them at a nursing home on May 23 after being told they were no longer capable of consenting due to dementia caused by Alzheimer 's disease . They died in August .
Henry Rayhons testified in their own defense that they and their wife held hands , prayed and kissed at their nursing home on the evening in question , but that they had no sexual contact .
Jurors weighed testimony from family members , doctors and investigators throughout the trial , which started earlier this month . In closing arguments , Rayhons ' defense attorney said a guilty verdict could have widespread implications , arguing that it might spur fear that any interaction between spouses could be interpreted as sexual abuse . But prosecutors said a not-guilty verdict would put others with dementia at risk .
The central question in the case was , when is a previously consenting spouse no longer mentally-capable of consenting to sex ? Iowa law defines an act as sexual abuse in the third degree if the two parties are not living together as husband and wife and if one person `` is suffering from a mental defect or incapacity which precludes giving consent . ''
During the trial , nursing home staffers testified that Donna Lou Rayhons ' roommate alluded to the couple having sex behind a curtain , but that they never explicitly told them they were having sex . Testimony from the roommate revealed that they were unsure whether the noises they heard that day were sexual in nature , but that they made them uncomfortable .
Prosecutors have said investigators found DNA evidence on sheets and a quilt in their wife 's room . They also played a recorded interview with an investigator that showed Rayhons initially said they and their wife never had sex at the nursing home , but later said they had a few times , and possibly briefly on the day in question .
Security-camera footage from the night of the alleged incident was also aired in court , showing Henry Rayhons going into their wife 's room , staying there for about half an hour and depositing something into a laundry cart on their way out . Rayhons ' attorney said their client frequently dropped their wife 's laundry into the bin , but prosecutors said they were trying to discard evidence .
Rayhons served 18 years as a Republican member of the Iowa House . They withdrew from the race for another term shortly before they were charged last year
TRANSCRIPT
A quick announcement : My recent book `` Militant '' is now on Kindle and available on Amazon.com for those of you who are frequent Kindle readers . Please click the link and be sure to leave a review so Amazon will circulate the book to a wider audience .
Thank you in advance .
Today is the 43rd anniversary of the Supreme Court 's diabolical Roe v. Wade ruling . We 'd like to present this different way of looking at this most somber of memorials .
It 's a truncated version of a special we produced back in 2007 looking at not just the evil of abortion , but also its devastating economic impact . There is more than one way to calculate the number of abortions . You can obviously count the numbers , and they are horrifying : nearly 58,000,000 and counting .
But you can also look at this from the perspective of how many Americans that would otherwise be here are not here — and that number is even more horrifying . Abortion has been going strong in America since 1973 ; that 's 43 years ago . Statistically speaking , each woman has their first child by the time they are 25 .
So when you stop and consider that abortion has been around in America for so long now , that we have passed a milestone in the number of female babies that were aborted who , had they lived , would have by now had their first child , at least . Church Militant , as we did in our `` Cost of Abortion '' special report back in 2007 , went back and updated the numbers .
From 1990 and back to 1973 , 12,700,000 female babies were aborted . Had they not been aborted , they would have on average each given birth themselves by now to their own child . These `` never were conceived '' children would have today been part of the total U.S. population , so they must be counted as missing .
These are called `` ghost '' numbers , or ghost abortions — people who can never be considered because their mothers were not allowed to be born . But in any accounting of the total effects of abortion , of course they must be included .
So when you add the total number of Americans directly killed by abortion since 1973 — almost 58 million — to the total who are not here because of abortion indirectly , the impact on the American population is 70 million fewer Americans because of abortion .
Now take that number and plug it into an economic variable called the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) per capita . That number takes the total worth of a country and divides it by the total population to place a dollar equivalent on each person : How much economic activity does each person produce and consume ?
It includes everything — houses , cars , appliances , movies , manufacturing , everything — every single dollar in the economy . When you divide the total wealth of America by its current population , you get a GDP per capita of about $ 54,000 — which means that the total contribution of each American to the overall economy is calculated by the United States government at $ 54,000 .
Now when you marry up that number with the total number of Americans not in the economy owing to abortion — which is not just 58 million , but rather 70 million — the economic impact is near beyond comprehension .
70 million people times $ 54,000 is just a couple hundred billion dollars shy of $ 4 trillion .
$ 4 trillion missing from the US economy because of abortion . Obviously we are n't boiling this diabolical evil down to just money , but in all the horrible ways abortion affects the culture , this is one that gets little attention .
In addition to the spiritual , psychological , emotional , physical toll of abortion , there is also a financial toll . Your taxes are higher , things cost more , the economy is weaker — all because of abortion . As we said at the end of our `` Cost of Abortion '' special almost nine years ago , if a people wo n't reject abortion because of God , or natural law , or pure logic , at the very least reject it because of the wrecking of the economy .
And think about this : Planned Parenthood gets hundreds of millions of dollars each year of your tax dollars . They use that money to promote and advance and keep alive a killing apparatus never before matched in all of human history .
And in terms of pure economics , their spending of that money year after year gotten from U.S. taxpayers has the impact of hurting the economy in a devastating way . Planned Parenthood and the whole abortion establishment should be made to pay back the trillions and trillions of dollars that their work has sucked out of the economy . The politicians that hand that money over to them should be arrested , tried and thrown in prison for crimes against humanity .
They are building their crumbling empire on the bones of small children and bleeding you dry in the process . Not one of them should ever be allowed to see the light of day ever again .
The mother of a soldier killed in an ambush in Africa said Wednesday that President Trump “ did disrespect my son ” with remarks in a condolence telephone call .
Sgt . La David T. Johnson 's mother , Cowanda Jones-Johnson , told The Washington Post that they were present during the call from the White House on Tuesday to Johnson 's widow , Myeshia Johnson . They also stood by an account of the call from Rep. Frederica S. Wilson ( D-Fla. ) that Trump told Myeshia Johnson that their husband “ must have known what they signed up for . ”
“ President Trump did disrespect my son and my daughter and also me and my husband , ” Jones-Johnson said .
Trump lashed back at Wilson . They denied their account in a Twitter message Wednesday . They said they had “ proof ” that the exchange did not go as Wilson had described . Trump did not elaborate , but White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the president had not taped the conversation . They said several White House staffers were in the room during the call , including Chief of Staff John F. Kelly .
Sanders described Trump 's call as “ completely respectful . ”
“ The hardest job they have is making calls like that , ” Sanders said . “ I think it is appalling what the member of congress has done ” in “ politicizing ” Trump 's condolence calls .
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action ( and I have proof ) . Sad ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 18 , 2017
Later Wednesday , Trump expanded on their denial .
“ I did n't say what that member of congress said ; did n't say it all . They know it , ” Trump said when asked about the exchange by a reporter . “ I had a very nice conversation with the woman , with the wife who was — sounded like a lovely woman . Did not say what the member of congress said , and most people are n't too surprised to hear that . ”
Trump spoke at a meeting at the White House with members of the Senate Finance Committee .
[ Trump may want to study Lincoln , master of the wrenching art of presidential condolences ]
Wilson had said that the Johnson family was “ astonished ” by Trump 's remarks during the call , which Wilson said they heard via a speakerphone while riding in a limousine with the Johnson family . “ She was crying the whole time , and when they hung up the phone , they looked at me and said , ‘ He did n't even remember their name . ' That 's the hurting part. ” Wilson told MSNBC on Wednesday that Johnson 's widow was shaken by the exchange .
The official Army photo of Sgt . La David T. Johnson , 25 , of Miami Gardens , Fla. , who was killed Oct. 4 , 2017 in southwest Niger . ( Defense Department via AFP . )
Wilson went on to say Trump “ was almost like joking . They said , ‘ Well , I guess you knew ' — something to the effect that ‘ he knew what they were getting into when they signed up , but I guess it hurts anyway . ' You know , just matter-of-factly , that this is what happens , anyone who is signing up for military duty is signing up to die . That 's the way we interpreted it . It was horrible . It was insensitive . It was absolutely crazy , unnecessary . I was livid . ”
“ She was in tears . They were in tears . And they said , ‘ He did n't even remember their name . ' ”
I stand my account of the call with @ realDonaldTrump and was not the only one who heard and was dismayed by their insensitive remarks . — Rep Frederica Wilson ( @ RepWilson ) October 18 , 2017
On Tuesday , Wilson told The Washington Post that Trump had told Johnson 's widow , “ He knew what they were signing up for , but I guess it hurts anyway . ”
“ He made them cry , ” Wilson said .
Jones-Johnson , speaking to The Post via Facebook Messenger , declined to elaborate .
But asked whether Wilson 's account of the conversation between Trump and the family was accurate , they replied : “ Yes . ”
The White House did not confirm or deny Wilson 's account on Tuesday .
“ The President 's conversations with the families of American heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice are private , ” a White House official said in a statement .
[ Twelve days of silence , and then a swipe at Obama : How Trump handled the deadliest combat incident of their presidency ]
The White House said Tuesday that Trump had placed calls that day to the families of all four service members killed in Niger on Oct. 4 . The calls followed Trump 's claims Monday and Tuesday that their Democratic predecessor , Barack Obama , had not often made such calls to families . Former Obama administration officials strongly dispute that claim , saying Obama engaged families of fallen service members in various ways throughout their presidency .
Johnson , 25 , of Miami Gardens , Fla. , was found dead after initially being reported as missing after the attack .
They were a driver assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group ( Airborne ) based in Fort Bragg , N.C .
Johnson 's biological mother , Samara , died when they were a child . Cowanda Jones-Johnson and their husband , Richard , were entrusted with their care after their mother 's death , according to the slain soldier 's obituary . The obituary lists their parents as Samara Johnson and Richard and Cowanda Johnson .
Staff Sgt . Dennis Bohler , who said they were Johnson 's close friend and former supervisor at Fort Bragg , told The Post that Jones-Johnson is La David 's aunt and raised them as their own son .
`` He 's very thankful for having somebody like their mom , Cowanda , in their life , '' Bohler said Wednesday . `` She raised him . They are n't really their mom , but you could n't tell . ''
John Wagner and Philip Rucker contributed to this report .
Louis CK pointed out that everything 's amazing and no one 's happy . In Mets land we have a variant of that theme where it 's a tough row to hoe and everyone acts as if the sky is falling . Every single thing gets interpreted in the worst possible light . No one is suggesting that it 's all sunshine and lollipops – it 's a long way from that – but does constant gloom and doom somehow make things all right in certain peoples ' worlds ?
Recently the Mets ' have put out a lame Christmas video , saw potential SS option Jhonny Peralta sign a below-market deal with the Cardinals and inked outfielder Chris Young to a one-year deal . It 's a mixed bag of news yet it 's interpreted in each case as being proof of how awful the team is .
When the video came out and the overwhelming majority of reviews were bad , my reaction was not to watch it . Some people like looking at car wrecks . Once it 's clear that they are all strangers , my goal is to get past it as quickly as possible . The car wreck is not my problem and neither is what the team puts out as a video card . Let fans of other teams have a laugh and do n't spend one second worrying about it .
The Cardinals needed to upgrade from noodle bat Pete Kozma and got one of the top free agent shortstops available in Peralta . A lot of people are upset because the price tag did n't seem too outrageous . Yet it is clear there was one price for the Cardinals and a more expensive price for everyone else . A player used their rights to sign with the team they preferred and that team was not the Mets .
The going freight for non-Cardinals teams was allegedly 5/ $ 75 and it seems like an easy call to say no to that rate . Peralta was very good last year but over the past six seasons he 's been the exact opposite of consistent . Here are their OPS numbers , starting with 2013 :
.815
.689
.824
.703
.690
.804
It would be super to get an .815 OPS from our shortstop . It would be another thing entirely to pay $ 15 million and get a .689 mark , instead . But that 's essentially what Peralta has delivered in three of the past six years . He 's also 32 and is listed at 215 pounds . While today 's SS bear little resemblance to Bud Harrelson , it 's still not a good idea to look like you spent the offseason at all-you-can-eat buffets . Just ask Ruben Tejada .
Even the Young signing gets panned by Mets fans . You hear , “ It 's too much money ! ” or “ Why did n't they get an option year ? ” or “ Did they even look at their batting average ? ! ? ”
No one is suggesting that fans rubber stamp every move or non-move made by the club . Instead , judge each one on its own merits and not let whatever previous baggage you may be carrying influence the move in question .
Which brings me to Sandy Alderson .
The honeymoon is long over for Alderson and the Matt Harvey injury only makes matters worse . Nothing is ever enough , no move is ever good and every non-move is fatal . The Mets are destined to finish 74-88 for the rest of eternity , with fans sentenced to worry about finishing with a bottom-10 record to avoid first-round draft pick compensation and then unhappy when the club refuses to sign any free agent with any compensation attached .
Last May , Mets baseball had me totally depressed . It 's one thing for circumstances to be against you but the Mets were horrible then because of decisions made by the manager and general manager . Since then Juan Lagares turned into an elite defensive center fielder , Dillon Gee got untracked and pitched extremely well , Zack Wheeler made their major league debut and made steady improvement and Alderson turned two old guys into two pieces who could be parts of a championship team in 2018 .
My rock bottom happened in May . There have been a bunch of positives that happened since then . Certainly , it has n't all been positive – hello Terry Collins extension – but there have been more good developments than bad ones . The minor league system is starting to supply players and our general manager is n't going to make a move just because the fan base demands a “ splash . ”
One does n't need to agree with everything Alderson does to view them as a positive for the franchise . When it comes to GMs , the gold standard for the Mets is Frank Cashen . They inherited a barren squad and after four dreadful years , the Mets broke out with an exciting team that won 90 games and had young stars galore .
Despite Cashen making splashy moves like importing big-name veterans like former All-Stars George Foster , Randy Jones , Dave Kingman and Ellis Valentine – it was moves to add talented youngsters to the system that ultimately paid off for him . And before you start complaining about Gavin Cecchini and Alderson 's draft record , recall that Cashen spent fourth-overall picks on Terry Blocker and Eddie Williams and the number-one pick on Shawn Abner , so it 's not like they were perfect in this regard , either .
Will Travis d'Arnaud , Dilson Herrera , Rafael Montero , Brandon Nimmo , Dominic Smith , Noah Syndergaard and Wheeler be as fondly recalled as Ron Darling , Lenny Dykstra , Sid Fernandez , Dwight Gooden , Kevin Mitchell , Darryl Strawberry and Walt Terrell as youngsters brought into the system ? Odds are against it yet it does not seem impossible , either . The latter septet produced 131.0 fWAR as Mets , so it would be quite an accomplishment if they did .
The Mets wanted us to believe before the 1980 season that the magic was back . Over the next four years they proceeded to go 241-358 for a .409 winning percentage , which works out to 66-96 in a traditional 162-game season . In 1983 they lost 94 games and went 10-16 in September . If the internet was around back then , Cashen 's popularity would have been in the toilet .
Yet we know how that story played out .
The Mets took off when the youngsters Cashen assembled were teamed up with a dynamic new manager . It 's disappointing that Alderson saw fit to keep old man Collins around . Still , there 's a reason to be hopeful given the youngsters that Alderson has added to the team .
They still need to add the in-his-prime veteran like Keith Hernandez and they still need to find the aggressive Davey Johnson-type manager . But Cashen added the veteran during the fourth season and the manager prior to the fifth .
My hope was that Shin-Soo Choo could play the role of Hernandez for this version of the Mets . While they could n't hope to match the defense or the leadership of Hernandez , it sure would have been nice to have added a guy with a lifetime .389 OBP to the order . The key is for Alderson to add a productive veteran , not the next Foster or Valentine .
Hernandez added 26.2 fWAR during their career in Flushing , including three straight years with at least a 5.0 fWAR . They never reached their 1979 MVP peak ( 7.9 fWAR ) but it was just what the doctor ordered for a young team . When the Mets do spend money on a veteran , it needs to be someone with a solid track record yet still young enough to provide strong , if not peak , production going forward . In the four years before joining the Mets , Hernandez delivered 23.1 fWAR . In their first four full seasons in New York , they produced 20.1 fWAR .
Meanwhile , Peralta added 12.1 fWAR their four previous seasons . Given their inconsistent track record , was this really the veteran the Mets absolutely needed to add to the team ?
Even Choo only added 14.8 fWAR the past four years , so it 's hard to fault Alderson for not making them the impact veteran . My feeling is that Choo will surpass that total the next four years , making them an even better addition than Peralta . But , that 's based on a lot of conjecture and Alderson is being paid to be the adult in the room .
Other names being mentioned as potential big free agent acquisitions produced the following fWAR over the past four years :
Nelson Cruz – 8.8
Stephen Drew – 9.5
Jacoby Ellsbury – 16.1
Curtis Granderson – 13.9
None of these players are the ideal person to add to fill the Hernandez role . Cruz is in complete freefall , Drew comes with draft pick compensation , Ellsbury has big injury risk and Granderson has one outlier year propping up their overall numbers . It 's no Jedi mind trick to say that these are not the droids we 're looking for .
We all want it to be 1984 and have it be the beginning of an extended stretch of 90-win seasons . Unfortunately , it seems more likely to be 1983 , hopefully with a few more wins . Yet , it still seems like Alderson is on the right path and it 's not their fault that there 's not a Hernandez-type available to make a long-term contract worthwhile .
We should also recall that Cashen added Hernandez via trade . We 've seen Alderson hit home runs when he 's dealt veterans for prospects . Let 's see if they can duplicate Cashen 's Hernandez move ( and not their Foster , Jones , Kingman or Valentine ones ) and knock one out of the park when they acquire a veteran for longer-term production .
It 's too soon to be this down on Alderson . It seems a mistake for burying them for not picking up a big bat when the ones available seem more likely to turn into Jason Bay than Hernandez . While we wait for the much-needed offensive star to become available , let 's look for good moves on the margins , a good draft and no albatross contracts .
When that key offensive piece becomes available – whether that 's Carlos Gonzalez , Giancarlo Stanton , Troy Tulowitzki or someone not even currently on our radar – we want Alderson to have the money to acquire him . What a waste it would be to have that money tied up in an anchor like Cruz , instead .
Today is Thanksgiving . There are an abundance of things for me to be thankful for this season . And on that list are the people who come to Mets360 and read our stuff . It has been a terrific thing to be part of this site and extremely gratifying to see it enjoy tremendous growth . Hopefully we have brought you some joy in return , too . Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and may you enjoy a turkey-induced coma sometime today . And when you wake up , hang in there and do n't be such a misery .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
The annual Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) officially began Wednesday , housed at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center in Maryland , just across the Potomac River from Washington , D.C . While the American Conservative Union 's annual gathering has long served as a veritable who's-who of far-right conservative movements , this year 's guest list is particularly star-studded , with nearly a dozen speakers from across the Trump administration scheduled to appear . Vice President Mike Pence will address the crowd tonight , and President Donald Trump will take the stage Friday morning , reportedly to “ say appreciation and to drive this movement forward , ” according to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus .
So then perhaps it 's fitting that the first full day of CPAC speakers channeled the president 's rhetorical style , rapidly firing off half-truths and bold-faced lies that reframe core American principles into a format that 's convenient for “ the most conservative cabinet in decades , ” as Texas Sen. Ted Cruz called the current administration .
Playing fast and loose with objective facts has long been a norm for modern American politicians , but in the wake of Trump 's electoral victory—and their campaign built on fear , misogyny , racism , and xenophobia—the use of “ alt-facts ” seems to be spreading like a dangerous virus for which our culture has not yet developed a vaccine . Read on for some of the most egregious untruths told to CPAC attendees today , complete with accurate information to contradict the claims made in the videos below .
Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) had a “ conversation about the Constitution ” with Conservative Review radio host Mark Levin .
During last year 's presidential campaign , Sen. Cruz adamantly opposed Trump 's candidacy , frequently unleashing their own breed of firebrand rhetoric against The Donald . But now that Trump is in the White House and Republicans control the House and Senate , Cruz has changed their tune—bigly , one might even say . Now , it seems Cruz 's primary goal is antagonizing Senate Democrats…right up until they threaten to follow Cruz 's own obstructionist playbook . Democrats , Cruz said , are “ living in an alternative universe. ” They continued :
They are in denial , and they 're angry . … The anger on the left , I 've never seen anything like it . They 're right now opposing everything . Democrats in the Senate are filibustering absolutely everything . … The cabinet is still not confirmed—this is the longest we 've been since George Washington without confirming a cabinet . ”
But , as the BBC has reported , this is demonstrably false . One does n't even need to go very far back to find a historical example of a president 's cabinet being confirmed at a glacial pace . In 2009 , President Obama 's final cabinet appointee was n't confirmed until April 28 , reports the BBC . In fact , the only president who has seen their full cabinet confirmed by the end of January was George W. Bush .
“ The Democrats took that the lesson of this election was that Hillary was too moderate , ” Cruz continued , smirking as the audience laughed . “ And so their lesson is , they need more Bernie Sanders , more Elizabeth Warren—that 's where Senate Democrats are . What that means , does I think it is likely that they will continue to oppose everything . Now that means , for us , the answer ca n't be ‘ OK , shut down the Congress . ' ”
It is deeply hypocritical for a sitting Senator , who rose to national prominence during their ( successful ) campaign to literally shut down the federal government , to suddenly be so deeply concerned with the efficacy of Congress .
Nevertheless , they did thank former Majority Leader Harry Reid , who in 2013 deployed the so-called “ nuclear option ” in the Senate to require a simple majority vote to approve most cabinet-level confirmations . “ It is a direct result of Harry Reid that we now have the most conservative cabinet in decades , ” Cruz said to enthusiastic applause . “ Harry Reid , thank you for Attorney General Jeff Sessions . And also , we should be thanking Harry Reid for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt , for Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , and very , very soon , for Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch . ”
Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon : Everything The Media Tells You Are a Lie
Two of Trump 's top advisors , White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Senior Advisor to the President Steve Bannon , took the stage together in an unusually cordial 30-minute discussion moderated by ACU chairperson Matt Schlapp .
Then again , reports of a tense working relationship between Priebus , a longtime establishment Republican who most recently served as director of the Republican National Committee , and Bannon , the self-avowed white nationalist who formerly ran right-wing site Breitbart News , are greatly exaggerated , both men said . Asked to address the biggest misconceptions about the tenor inside Trump 's White House , Priebus wasted no time in declaring “ everything that you 're reading ” is untrue . But , they said , “ The truth of the matter is , Donald Trump showed , President Trump , brought together the party and the conservative movement . And I 've got to tell you : if the party and the conservative movement are together , similar to Steve and me , it ca n't be stopped . ”
Bannon , for their part , reiterated their headline-grabbing proclamation that members of the media are “ the opposition party , ” and are inherently dishonest . Contrary to numerous reports , Trump 's inner circle has been running smoothly since Bannon came on board in mid-August , they said .
“ I think if you look at the opposition party , and how they portrayed the campaign , how they portrayed the transition , and how they 're portraying the administration—it 's always wrong , ” Bannon said . They went on :
That 's what the mainstream media wo n't report…Just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the campaign , and just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the transition , they are absolutely dead wrong on what 's going on today . Because we have a team that is just grinding it through on [ what ] President Donald Trump promised the American people . And the mainstream media better understand something : All of those promises are going to be implemented .
When Schlapp asked each man to detail the most critical accomplishments in the first 30 days of Trump 's presidency , Priebus pointed to traditional Republican goals , including the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch , which they framed as an example of Trump establishing “ trust ” with the American people , pointing to the list of 20 names ( including Gorsuch 's ) that the Trump campaign released as potential nominees last summer . Priebus went on to complain that Trump 's January 30th executive order on deregulation had been underreported , neglecting to mention any of the coverage from The New York Times , The Atlantic , Esquire , The Wall Street Journal , or NBC News and Reuters .
But the former RNC chairperson stepped well outside the realm of reality when they claimed that “ 80 percent of Americans agree ” with putting a wall along the nation 's southern border . Aside from the fact that there is already a wall along the vast majority of the U.S.-Mexico border , a January report from the Pew Research Center found that less than half of Americans consider Trump 's much-touted “ border wall ” to be a priority for immigration reform . It is unclear where Priebus got their information that “ 80 percent ” of Americans want a taller , thicker border wall , but no one onstage today challenged their claim .
Among other dubious claims that can not be objectively debunked was Bannon 's assertion that Trump is the “ greatest public speaker since Williams Jennings Bryan , ” the late 19th-century Democrat and fervent populist who also had a penchant for gold . To their credit ( and our panic ) , Bannon was surprisingly straightforward about their ideological goals for the next four years . They repeatedly called themselves ( and by extension , the president ) an “ economic nationalist , ” point-blank admitting that the goal of Trump 's picks for regulatory leadership positions is “ the deconstruction of the regulatory state. ” In other words , it 's no coincidence that the newly confirmed administrator of the EPA , Scott Pruitt , has spent the past decade suing the very agency they now leads . Bannon framed all these advances as zero-sum goals , stressing that those supportive of the Trump agenda will have to “ fight ” to take their country .
“ I 've said that there 's a new political order that 's being formed out of this [ moment ] , ” Bannon added . “ We are a nation with a culture and a reason for being , and I think that 's what unites us. ” Given Bannon 's long history of promoting white nationalism and their fondness for the so-called “ alt-right , ” it does n't take a scholar to read between the lines about which culture Bannon believes unites true Americans .
Sheriff David Clarke of Milwaukee : Sanctuary Cities Are An Affront to Our Sovereignty ?
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke opened their remarks on Friday morning 's panel titled “ When Did WWIII Begin ? Part A : Threats at Home ” by declaring that “ blue lives matter. ” They then quickly pivoted to discussion of sanctuary cities , which they described as “ providing safe haven for people who have illegally crossed our borders , come into our country , outside of the rules that Congress has set up for immigration. ” That 's a reasonably fair description , especially given the ideological bent of CPAC speakers . But then the sheriff took 10 paces backward from the facts .
Paraphrasing the President 's remarks earlier this month , Clarke said :
Sanctuary cities are havens for criminal activity . Sanctuary cities provide cover , if you will , for criminal illegal immigrants to continue to prey on , not only law-abiding people , but also illegal immigrants in this country . And here 's why they 're able to do that with impunity . Because , if you are a criminal illegal alien , and you rape , rob , whatever , another illegal alien in the country , it 's less likely that they are going to report that , because they do n't want to be discovered to be in the country themselves . So we have a lot of under-reported and unreported serious crimes in America because of sanctuary cities .
This incendiary statement is , at best , unproven . At worst , it is a willful distortion of the best research and data available . Crime rates among undocumented immigrants are notoriously difficult to track accurately , in part for the reason Clarke recognized . But the allegation that sanctuary cities are “ havens ” for violence is patently false . There is simply no evidence to suggest that cities that decline to cooperate with federal immigration officials see an uptick in unreported crimes . In short , sanctuary cities do not “ breed crime , ” as the President has contended .
What 's more , cities that do n't cooperate with immigration officials are actually more likely to see local crimes reported when they are committed against undocumented residents , since the city provides a layer of protection to the victim in assuring that they wo n't be deported for reporting abuse . But there is a direct chilling effect when federal immigration agents descend on undocumented crime victims in sanctuary cities .
For evidence , look no further than the ICE arrest of an undocumented trans woman from Mexico , who was detained by ICE agents on February 9 while they were inside an El Paso County courthouse , after a judge granted them a protective order against an ex-partner who was allegedly abusing them Because El Paso is a sanctuary city , local officials believe that ICE agents were tipped off by the woman 's alleged abuser—the only other person who would have the specific information about their court date and a potential motive to report them to immigration officials . Acting on information from an alleged abuser—in this case , a person already in ICE custody—is against longstanding policy . But more than that , the executive director of El Paso 's Center Against Sexual and Family Violence told reporters that “ her office has heard from several immigrant clients who are now worried about whether they will be safe and asking what they should do , ” according to ThinkProgress .
A Hispanic guy shot a black teenager in self-defense , and it was proof that America has n't gotten any better since Emmett Till was murdered . Whereas the following story , which is literally an international incident , has no significance beyond the individuals involved . It 's not useful to Al Sharpton and Barack Obama .
WND :
As the family of an Australian baseball player gunned down in Oklahoma mourns their death , police said today that the college athlete was targeted by three black teenagers who simply “ wanted to see someone die . ”
The suspects followed Chris Lane , 22 , as they jogged alongside a road in Duncan , Okla. , Friday afternoon , shot them in the back and left them to die on the side of the road , said Duncan Police Chief Danny Ford…
“ He went by a residence where these three boys were , they picked them as a target , they went out and got in a vehicle and followed him . ”
While no one saw the actual shooting , Ford said several people heard a gunshot and “ saw Lane stagger across the road , go to a kneeling position and collapse on the side of the road. ” Witnesses also reported seeing a black car speeding away from the scene .
Surveillance video from several businesses captured images of the suspects ' vehicle…
After the teens were arrested , Ford said the driver , who is 17 , told police they were all at the scene of the slaying and that the 16-year-old suspect pulled the trigger .
“ He said the motive was , ‘ We were going to kill somebody , ' ” Ford told Australian radio station 3AW .
They were defending themselves . From being bored .
Here 's Chris Lane :
Nobody would ever mistake them for Obama 's son .
And here are the men… sorry , they 're not 18 yet , so in the post-Trayvon era , we 're supposed to call them children . Here are the children who murdered Chris Lane for fun :
Choose your next words carefully , racists .
It 'll be interesting to see how many other American news outlets find this story notable . So far , not many .
Remember : All stories are local until the news trucks pull up .
Update :
Were they white Hispanics ? MT @ CNN Oklahoma teens kill Australian baseball player , after deciding they “ were going to kill somebody ” — Jim Treacher ( @ jtLOL ) August 20 , 2013
Update : It 's being treated as national news in Australia , but of course it 's being framed as a gun control issue . What are the odds that these , ahem , children used a legally obtained and licensed firearm ? Any chance they 're members of the NRA ?
Update : News.com.au , which is where the above images originated , used a picture of a different Michael Jones , apparently . From left to right , here are the mugshots of James Edwards , Chancey Luna , and Michael Jones .
This , of course , changes everything . Edwards and Luna are being charged with first-degree murder , whereas Jones is charged with “ using a vehicle to facilitate the discharge of a weapon and accessory after the fact of murder in the first degree . ”
There 's your angle , Rev . Al . The one with the lightest skin got the lightest charge . The one who looks the least like Obama will get the least punishment . Let the racebaiting begin .
Update : Jesse Jackson frowns upon Chris Lane 's murder .
Update :
If two black guys shoot a white guy while being driven by another white guy , that proves it was n't racially motivated . # liblogic — Jim Treacher ( @ jtLOL ) August 21 , 2013
Update : James Edwards seems like a nice kid .
Update : It looks like in that original picture of the three , somebody used two pictures of James Edwards but misidentified the second pic , the one with the bandanna , as Michael Jones . Incorporate that into your conspiracy theory , racebaiters .
Update : The mystery of the “ conservative conspiracy to make up a fake black kid ” has been solved .
While it 's undoubtedly in a good cause , the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge has reached the point of near-ubiquity on the internet . When someone challenged Queensland newsreader and seemingly pretty bloody ripper bloke Lincoln Humphries to tip water over their head in the name of charity , they gently but firmly shut the idea down .
After starting out their video by nominating “ everyone everywhere ” , Humphries acknowledged the good that the ice bucket challenge has done , then suggested some other things we could be doing to make a difference , including spreading the love around to other deserving causes like cancer and fresh water charities , and not wasting so much damn ice .
Never before has the regional broadcaster WIN been more worthy of its name .
UPDATE : As of 5.30pm , the original Facebook post seems to have been taken down , but here 's a YouTube video of Humphries ' broadcast :
“ In summary , I 'd like to nominate everyone everywhere who has more than what they need to donate what they can to the people who need it most , ” they said , “ because that 's what charity is about , not putting yourself through mild discomfort with a bucket of ice and water . ”
“ Ice is for keeping fresh produce fresh , beers cold and nipples hard . ”
Lincoln Humphries , we salute you .
CINCINNATI - Iconic costumes from `` a galaxy far , far away '' have made the trek to the Queen City as the Smithsonian traveling exhibition Star Wars™ and the Power of Costume opens at the Cincinnati Museum Center on Thursday , May 25 .
Pulled from the collection of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art , Star Wars and the Power of Costume is a partnership of the museum , the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service ( SITES ) and Lucasfilm . George Lucas imagined and created a fantastical world filled with dynamic characters who told the timeless story of the hero 's journey . The costumes shaped the identities of these now famous characters , from the menacing black mask of Darth Vader and the gilded suit of C-3PO , to the lavish royal gowns of Queen Amidala and the iconic bikini worn by Princess Leia .
`` Craftsmanship and artistry in costume design are valued creative components in the Star Wars saga , '' Lucas said in a news release . `` The detailed precision of a design can be as bold a measure of storytelling as words on a page , leading to truths at the core of a character , situation or shared history . From initial concept drawings to complex physical constructions , the costumes featured in this exhibition serve to further define crucial aspects of worlds created to move , educate and entertain us -- to inspire the imagination . ''
Presenting 60 of the finest hand-crafted costumes from the first seven-Star Wars films , the exhibition uncovers the challenges , the intricate processes and the remarkable artistry of Lucas , the concept artists and costume designers . The costumes reflect an eclectic mix of cultural , historical and mythical sources that add rich texture to the story .
Through nine presentational `` chapters '' - Introduction : Dressing a Galaxy ; Jedi versus Sith : Form , Function and Design ; Concept and Design for Royalty and Beyond ; Symbolism and Military Power ; Outlaws and Outsiders ; All Corners of the Galaxy : The Galactic Senate ; After the Throne : Padmé 's Journey ; Darth Vader : Iconic Villain ; and Droid™ Design - visitors will explore the creative process from Lucas ' vision through concept drawings by artists such as Ralph McQuarrie and Iain McCaig , to the final costume designs of John Mollo and Trisha Biggar , among others .
Featured costumes include the :
Monk-like robes of Jedi masters Obi-Wan Kenobi and Luke Skywalker
Intimidating suit and complex breathing apparatus of Darth Vader
Military-influenced uniforms of the Imperial Stormtrooper , Senate Guard and TIE Fighter Pilot
Yak hair and mohair costume of Chewbacca
Intergalactic outfits of Senators Bail Organa , Mon Mothma and Mas Amedda
Fierce armor of mercenary bounty hunters Jango Fett , Boba Fett and Zam Wesell
Elaborately detailed gowns of Queen Amidala , Queen Jamillia and their handmaidens
Short films in Star Wars and the Power of Costume provide a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process and include interviews with artists , designers and actors . The visitor experience will be enhanced by digital interactives featuring sketches , photographs and notes that capture the creative team 's inspiration and vision .
`` Costumes not only fill out the lush and captivating Star Wars galaxy , they tell a story , '' said Elizabeth Pierce , president and CEO of Cincinnati Museum Center . `` Whether they chart the evolution of a character or identify good and evil or that murky space in between , each costume is a thoughtful piece that drives the story forward . We 're excited to bring this exhibition to Cincinnati show the process behind costume development and to showcase the talents and inspiration of those involved in that process . ''
Star Wars and the Power of Costume is the third exhibition on which SITES have collaborated with Lucasfilm . Previous projects were Star Wars : The Magic of Myth and Star Wars : The Art of the Starfighter .
Advance tickets went on sale on Feb. 6 . For more information visit the website here or call ( 513 ) 287-7001 .
Some new background details on Jaylah , the warrior woman portrayed by Sofia Boutella in this summer 's STAR TREK BEYOND , have been revealed by Empire Magazine in their August issue , expanding our knowledge of this fierce fighter – plus : learn the name of the movie 's new planet !
Spoilers below !
In an interview with the actor , Empire sketches out some history on Jaylah , that she 's grew up stranded on Altamid – the planet seen in the BEYOND trailers – and that they use some technological trickery to keep an advantage over them enemies .
The crew is separated into unusual pairings : Spock with Bones ; Kirk with Chekov ; Sulu with Uhura ; and Scotty with Jaylah , who was stranded on Krall 's deadly planet as a child , after an earlier attack by the villain .
[ Footage screened for Empire introduces ] Jaylah on the planet Altamid , where a number of the Enterprise crew have landed after the ship 's demise . As Scotty is about to be offed by unfriendly aliens , Jaylah leaps to their rescue . They speak in a broken English that [ Simon ] Pegg wrote for Boutella 's accent , and fights with balletic grace , at one point alongside two holographic projects of herself .
It 's nice to finally put a name to the planet – instead of having to keep calling it “ the planet ” ! – and the detail about holographic projections lines up with the tactic we see Kirk take while on the move :
Keep coming back for more STAR TREK BEYOND news as we approach the July release !
One of the first matters the incoming Justice Minister , Ayelet Shaked , intends to tackle as they begin their new job , is the cancellation or alteration of State Attorney 's Office Instruction 2.5 , which many jurists see as encouraging women to file false accusations against men .
Activists for divorced men 's rights held a show of support for the new minister outside their home in Tel Aviv Saturday evening . They came down from their apartment to speak with them and told them : “ I want you to know that on the matter of Instruction 2.5 , I scheduled an appointment with the Attorney General even before I was appointed Justice Minister . ”
Instruction 2.5 was promulgated by then-State Attorney Dorit Beinisch and given its final form by Edna Arbel , who followed them in the State Attorney 's seat .
It notes that Israel 's penal code determines that “ a person who submits a statement or testimony on a single matter before different authorities , and their statements or testimonies contradict each other on a factual question that is substantive to the issue , and does so with intent to mislead , shall be punished by up to five years in jail , ” and that the law also allows the court “ to rule that compensation be paid by the complainant who submitted their complaint light-headedly or out of spite or without grounds . ”
Despite all this , the instruction determines that “ in cases where a victim of a sexual offense or of a violent offense retracts testimony , a careful approach must be taken and the victim should usually not be put on trial for their conflicting testimony . ”
Green light for false accusations
Critics of the instruction say it provides a de facto green light for filing false accusations against men , and activists for men 's rights demand that it be cancelled , and that a strict policy be adopted against whoever files such false accusations . They claim that false complaints have become a widely used , everyday tactical weapon , especially in divorce cases .
Among other experts , opponents of the instruction cite Dr. Pini Yehezkely , a former police brigadier general , who has written that in some police stations , over 50 % of women 's complaints about men 's violence are false .
Following heavy pressure by women 's organizations over the years , Israel 's law enforcement authorities have adopted a policy of automatically distancing men from their homes following complaints by women . Academicians , including Dr. Yoav Mazeh of the Ono College , claim that the State Attorney 's Office is biased against men , based only upon their sex .
The ranks of the State Attorney 's Office are over two-thirds female , and some see this as an additional factor in the alleged anti-male bias .
Dorit Beinisch was a protege and appointee of former Supreme Court President Aharon Barak . Arbel is considered close to her , and they followed Beinisch into the Supreme Court after serving as State Attorney .
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Sophos XG Firewall ( SF01V ) - Persistent Web Vulnerability From : Vulnerability Lab < research ( ) vulnerability-lab com >
Date : Tue , 26 Apr 2016 16:09:17 +0200
David De Gea talking to Manchester United team-mate Juan Mata on international duty with Spain this week
Manchester United have opened contract talks with goalkeeper David De Gea .
The Spaniard 's present deal expires in 2016 and United had previously indicated they had abandoned hope of the 24-year-old signing an extension .
But following the collapse of a proposed move to Real Madrid on transfer deadline day , negotiations have begun , with De Gea 's agent Jorge Mendes attending the club 's training complex on Thursday .
De Gea is yet to play this season .
Manager Louis van Gaal refused to pick the former Atletico Madrid man until the end of the transfer window , such was the uncertainty surrounding their future .
De Gea , United 's player of the season for the past two years , was upset at Van Gaal 's claim they did not want to play in the opening games of the season , although club sources have since indicated any damage to the pair 's relationship will be easily repaired .
It is still not known whether De Gea will start Saturday 's Premier League game against Liverpool ( 17:30 BST ) .
It 's time to outlaw military assault weapons
The National Rifle Association likes to say that `` guns do n't kill people ; people kill people . '' Unfortunately , this overused phrase was again proven wrong by the recent shooting at the Omaha shopping mall in which a deranged teenager killed nine people , including himself , with a military assault rifle .
The hard truth is disturbed people with easy access to guns kill people , and when there 's an assault weapon involved it 's clear that disturbed people with easy access to military weapons can kill lots of people .
In Washington state the right to own a gun is clear and unambiguous ; and gun safety activists , like those at Washington Ceasefire , recognize and acknowledge this right . But the right to own a gun comes complete with personal responsibilities , such as safe storage and trigger locks . And just as the right to own a car does n't give you the right to own a military tank , so gun ownership rights should n't extend to military assault weapons designed to simply kill lots of people as quickly as possible .
Assault weapons can fire as many as 30 , deadly , high-caliber bullets in as little as five seconds . Their existence jeopardizes the lives of police officers , students and the civilian population in general . Assault weapons are not sport hunting rifles ; and public safety should not be sacrificed so a few people can have the vicarious pleasure of practicing kill shots at a shooting range .
Because of the national power of the NRA , the federal assault weapons ban of 1994 was allowed to expire a few years ago , even though President Bush was willing to sign off on the ban .
The federal ban was considered weak since it outlawed only certain models of assault rifles and allowed possession by existing owners . Still , a Department of Justice study showed that even this limited bill contributed to a reduction in the murder rate as well as murders of police officers by criminals with assault weapons .
Recently , the International Association of Police Chiefs called for a renewed ban on assault weapons . Many states , including California , have already re-implemented the ban . Given our progressive majorities here in King County and Washington , there is a reasonable chance of passage of such legislation in the near future .
If so it would represent the overwhelming will of the people as a recent internal poll by Washington Ceasefire indicates that more than two-thirds of Washington voters want assault weapons banned and a like percentage would be more inclined to vote for an elected official who supported such legislation .
On this and other gun safety issues such as closing the gun show loophole , the NRA is much more effective in getting its point across . Its strong presence at state legislative hearings can create the perception that it is more powerful than it actually is . Indeed the NRA represents less than 1 percent of the population in this state . The numbers are clearly in favor of those seeking common sense gun legislation but we need to be more proactive with our legislators .
We need to find a better balance between the individual right one has to own a gun in this state and public safety .
How many military assault weapon tragedies will it take before we say `` enough is enough '' ? How many police officers will die in the line of duty because assault weapons can be purchased at gun shows almost any given week without dealer background checks .
Now is the time to stand up and let our voices be heard before another tragedy happens -- and it is only a matter of time before it will .
Contact your state and county representative today because now is the time to ban ownership of military assault weapons in Washington -- once and for all .
Mrs. Clinton , in formally reopening the negotiations at the State Department on Thursday morning , acknowledged , “ We 've been here before , and we know how difficult the road ahead will be. ” But they expressed confidence that the core disputes separating the two sides could be resolved within a year .
Analysts said they were encouraged by the goal of a “ framework agreement , ” which could be a practical vehicle for both sides to resolve vexing “ final status ” issues : borders , security , the political status of Jerusalem , settlements and the rights of Palestinian refugees .
Photo
“ They 've set for themselves an achievable objective in a one-year time frame , ” said Martin S. Indyk , a former American ambassador to Israel and Middle East peace negotiator . “ A comprehensive agreement would have been unrealistic with that kind of timetable . ”
Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Abbas met alone for 90 minutes in Mrs. Clinton 's office and emerged smiling , officials said . After two years without a face-to-face meeting , the two spent some time breaking the ice .
Mr. Abbas brought Mr. Netanyahu up to date on how far they had gotten in their talks with former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel . Palestinian negotiators are hoping to use the concessions Mr. Olmert made — which have never been publicly acknowledged by Israel — as a basis from which to start these negotiations . But Mr. Netanyahu has so far balked at that .
“ The climate , and atmosphere , was positive and serious and down to business , ” said Nabil Shaath , foreign relations commissioner of Mr. Abbas 's Fatah Party , who is negotiating for the Palestinians .
“ But the cloud is still there , ” they added . “ The Israelis gave absolutely no hopeful signs that they will continue the moratorium . And in our point of view , that is the litmus test for the Israelis . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Wednesday , officials said , President Obama spoke bluntly to Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Abbas at the White House , urging them not to allow the impasse to scotch the talks . But Mr. Netanyahu has not offered any hint of a compromise , and analysts say they are hemmed in by their right-leaning coalition , which could splinter if they simply extended the moratorium .
The more likely outcome , officials said , is a compromise in which Israel would agree to limit settlements , but exempt West Bank areas that are certain to remain part of Israel under a peace deal . It could also offer a limited extension , based on agreeing on the borders of a Palestinian state .
Israeli officials declined to discuss the issue of settlements but said the overall tenor of the talks was “ good and constructive. ” Citing the killings of four Israeli settlers in the West Bank this week , Mr. Netanyahu said security would have to be a critical theme of the talks . They said that the rise of Iran , and its support of militant groups , had radically altered the landscape for peace talks .
Photo
“ There is a commitment on our part to address all issues , ” said Jonathan Peled , the spokesperson for the Israeli Embassy in Washington . “ A lot will depend on addressing Israel 's security concerns , and whether the Palestinian leadership is willing to make historic compromises . ”
It was a day of self-conscious history-making at the State Department . Just before 10 a.m. , the Palestinian delegation entered the ornate Benjamin Franklin Room . Twenty minutes later , the Israelis entered , taking their seats and gazing at the Palestinians across a rose-colored carpet .
“ I fervently believe that the two men sitting on either side of me , that you are the leaders who can make this long-cherished dream a reality , ” Mrs. Clinton said , gesturing to Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Abbas .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mrs. Clinton paid tribute to the diplomats in the room , several of whom they noted were veterans of the process . Watching from behind was Dennis B. Ross , a senior White House adviser on the Middle East who helped run the Camp David negotiation for Mrs. Clinton 's husband , President Bill Clinton , in 2000 . Also at the table were seasoned negotiators like Mr. Netanyahu 's key adviser on the process , Yitzhak Molcho , and Mr. Abbas 's chief negotiator , Saeb Erekat .
“ The people sitting here have worked very hard for many years , ” they said . “ Now it 's time to get to work . ”
But Mrs. Clinton also repeated the oblique criticism of Arab states voiced by Mr. Obama on Wednesday . “ We hear often from those voices in the region who insist this is a top priority and yet do very little to support the work that would actually bring about a Palestinian state , ” they said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf states have been slow to deliver promised financial aid to the Palestinian Authority , officials close to Mr. Abbas said , and the authority faces an increasingly dire shortfall .
Mrs. Clinton also addressed the people of the Middle East directly . “ Your leaders may be sitting at the negotiating table , ” they said , “ but you are ultimately the ones who will ultimately decide the future. ” Mrs. Clinton asked Israelis and Palestinians for their “ support and patience ” in the process .
On Friday morning , they are to give an unusual joint interview to Israeli and Palestinian television channels , part of what will be an aggressive strategy to sell the peace process at home and abroad .
The Navy is working on a deal with Lockheed Martin to integrate its new , semi-autonomously guided Long Range Anti-Ship Missile onto an F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft , giving the fighter an increased ability to identify and strike targets at longer ranges from the air , service and Lockheed officials explained .
In development since with the Navy and the Pentagon 's research arm , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , or DARPA , the so-called LRASM weapon is being developed as a long-range air , surface and submarine-launched missile able to track and destroy targets semi-autonomously .
Not much detail about its seeker technology , range or guidance systems is publically available – as much of the program is secret . However , Lockheed officials have said the weapon has an unclassified range of 200 nautical miles , a distance which is likely to be well short of its actual range .
Also , LRASM does use a semi-autonomous guidance technology designed to allow the weapon to avoid obstacles in the air while in flight , Lockheed officials explained .
The Navy plans to have LRASM operational on F/A-18s by 2019 ; the Navy , Air Force DARPA and Lockheed have conducted at least three demonstrations of the LRASM thus far .
In the most recent flight test in February of this year , the LRASM was fired successfully from an Air Force B-1B bomber at Pt . Mugu , a sea range in California . LRASM will be operational on an Air Force B-1B by 2018 , officials said .
At an initial air-launched test flight took place in August of 2013 , the LRASM successfully launched from a B-1B bomber and navigated itself to the target , said Lockheed officials .
The Navy also plans to compete a surface-ship launched variant of its air launched Long Range Anti-Ship Missile , or LRASM which is now in development , service officials said .
With this in mind , Lockheed has been investing about $ 30 million in research funds to develop and test a LRASM that can fire from a surface-ships ' vertical launch system , Lockheed officials said .
In fact , the Navy and Lockheed conducted a vertical-launch system , or VLS , test firing of LRASM from a desert location last year at White Sands Missile Range , N.M .
“ We wanted to make sure it can exit the canister when the booster lights up and the missile stays intact . We 're furthering the maturity of our surface launched integration and planning on doing a few flight tests in the near future , ” Hady Mourad , Program Director with Lockheed Martin Missiles , told Military.com in an interview .
The weapon is being configured to fire out of surface ship and submarine firing tubes and vertical launch systems .
“ The weapon will launch out of whatever Tomahawk gets launched out of , ” Mourad added . “ What we bring with LRASM is not part of the inventory . ”
The weapon has some similar characteristics to an existing air-launched weapon called the Joint Air-to-Surface-Standoff Missile , or JASSM . This similarity will likely help make production of LRASM easier because some of the dimensions are comparable to JASSM .
Eventually , the LRASM will likely fire from surface ships such as destroyers , submarines and aircraft such as F-15s , F-35 joint strike fighters and other platforms , Mourad explained .
Kucinich tells DNC : 'Wake up America ! ' David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday August 26 , 2008
Print This Email This DENVER -- They might not have had the marquee billing of a Mark Warner or a Hillary Clinton , but Democratic Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D-OH ) nonetheless whipped their party faithful into a frenzy Tuesday evening .
The Ohio lawmaker and liberal stalwart who earlier sought the Democratic presidential nomination delivered a passionate address calling on those in the audience here in Denver and watching at home to `` wake up '' and prevent another four years of Republican rule .
`` Wake up America , '' Kucinich declared from the podium of the Democratic National Convention . `` In 2001 the oil companies , the war contractors and the neocon-artists seized the economy and added $ 4 trillion of unproductive spending to the national debt . ... Trillions of dollars for an unnecessary war paid for with borrowed money . ''
Though they never mentioned GOP nominee John McCain by name , Kucinich 's address was in line with Democrats ' strategy to take a harsher tone of attack against the Arizona Republican and their party .
`` We can not afford another Republican administration , '' Kucinich said . `` Wake up , America ; the insurance companies took over health care . Wake up , America ; the pharmaceutical companies took over drug pricing . Wake up , America ; the speculators took over Wall Street . ... Wake up , America ; we went into Iraq for oil . ''
Kucinich , a favorite of the party 's liberal base who has led a push to impeach President Bush , enumerated some of the administration 's most egregious abuses but said they would not dampen Democrats ' spirits . As their speech crescendoed to its peak , the audience rose in boisterous applause .
`` This administration can tap our phones -- but they can ' t tamper our creative spirit , '' they said . `` They can open our mail , but the can ' t open economic opportunities . They can track our every move , but they lost track of the economy while the cost of food , gasoline , and electricity skyrockets . Now , they have skillfully played our post 9/11 fears , and they 've allowed the few to profit at the expense of the many . ''
This video is from C-SPAN , broadcast August 26 , 2008 .
Download video
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. -- Newly released security and body cam video shows the moments that led up to a shooting in Florida involving a Broward County sheriff 's deputy .
Footage from the body camera of a deputy who was responding to a disturbance Wednesday at an apartment in Lauderdale Lakes revealed the circumstances of a confrontation that ended with the death of Pedro Pierre , 42 .
The video shows the deputy entering an apartment and being confronted by Pierre , CBS Miami reports .
`` Do n't point at me , man . Step back , '' the deputy says .
`` Step back for whom ? '' Pierre responds .
`` Step back , '' the deputy says again .
`` For whom ? For you ? '' Pierre asks .
`` What 's their problem ? '' the deputy says .
Seconds later , the deputy bursts from the apartment with Pierre following after him . The fight between the two men spilled into the courtyard . The deputy used a Taser to try and subdue Pierre . It did n't work .
`` Back down , man , '' the deputy said while retreating . `` What is wrong with you ? Stand down ! ''
Surveillance footage shows Pierre striking the deputy and kicking them as the deputy tries to use a baton to defend himself .
`` Settle down ! '' the deputy shouts . `` Tell me what is wrong ! ''
Pierre grabbed hold of the deputy 's foot and an odd standoff ensued .
`` Let me go of my leg , sir , '' the deputy demanded .
Seconds later , another deputy arrived to help .
`` Get your hands up ! Get down , '' the second deputy repeated .
The second deputy 's body camera showed their encounter as Pierre ignored commands to stop their aggressive behavior . Pierre continued kicking the deputy on the ground and when they let go , they appeared to charge after the other deputy .
That 's when three shots rang out and Pierre fell to the ground in the parking lot .
`` Shots fired , '' the deputy said on their radio .
Broward Sheriff Scott Israel said Friday that they released the footage to dispel rumors and speculation about the shooting on social media and to give an unvarnished view of what happened . They said the deputy who fired could not allow themselves to get into a struggle over their weapon .
`` Unarmed assailants take guns away from police officers and they are many police officers in the United States of America who tragically have died at the hands of their own weapons , '' Israel said .
Pedro Pierre 's sister , Guilaine Jean , and their entire family is devastated . They say the video does not represent their loved one — a father of five , an entrepreneur and a one-time political candidate in Haiti .
`` This is not my brother , '' Jean said . `` He was not a violent person . They were a good guy . ''
Pierre 's daughter , Shania , said their father had a stroke a few years ago and suffered from medical problems ever since .
`` I know my dad did n't mean it , '' they told CBS Miami 's Carey Codd . `` He did n't mean it at all . My dad , they had a mental health issue that nobody knew about and I wish the police knew about it before killing him . ''
Pierre 's family wishes that the deputy who shot and killed Pierre had tried other methods to stop them before resorting to the ultimate use of force .
`` Why ca n't they try another way ? They have so many ways ! '' Jean said through tears .
`` They did n't have to kill them at all , '' said their son , Ralph Fenelon . `` They had tasers , they had other weapons . They did n't have to shoot him . ''
The family is trying to come to terms with the man they know and their actions on the video . They have many questions about how this incident unfolded , what sparked it and the reactions of the two deputies . They commended the first responding deputy , who used a Taser and a baton and showed restraint in their dealing with Pierre , asking them questions and trying different ways to get them to cease their actions .
As for the second deputy , they fail to understand why they used lethal force within seconds of arriving .
`` I know ( Pierre ) made a mistake but they do n't deserve to die like that , '' said Enoch Pierre , Pedro Pierre 's brother .
You 're probably most familiar with piezoelectricity as the generator of the spark that lights the gas stove , but it 's finding a new application in Las Vegas this week : lighting up the living room .
Energy-harvesting controls for home automation have been a thing since at least 2001 , when Siemens set up a new company , EnOcean , to commercialize the piezo-powered wireless light switches it had developed . Pushing on the rocker switches generated just enough piezoelectrical energy to broadcast a 128-bit `` telegram '' to radio modules inside light fixtures , electrical outlets or control hubs .
EnOcean has since added other energy sources to its range , powering environmental sensors with tiny photovoltaic panels and controlling radiator valves by generating energy from the temperature difference between the inside and the outside of the valve .
When Siemens created EnOcean , the wireless protocols of the day required more power than the piezoelectric system could generate , so the company rolled its own , setting up the EnOcean Alliance to promote its use . Now , the company says , over 150 manufacturers sell electrical fittings containing its energy-harvesting and radio technologies .
The system has proven popular with owners of commercial buildings , who like how it allows them to remodel without having to rewire , yet avoids the expense of employing someone to replace the batteries in thousands of light switches every year or two .
Changing the batteries when the light switch wo n't work is n't such a big deal in the home , which is just as well as the makers of home automation hubs have tended to feature more open or standards-based wireless protocols such as Z-Wave or Zigbee , which typically require the kind of power that only a battery or an AC adapter can provide .
Attracted by the potential of energy-harvesting systems , though , in late 2012 the Zigbee Alliance added a low-power variant of its protocol , Zigbee Green Power , to its specification . It 's taken a while for that move to ripple through the ecosystem , though , as chipmakers redesigned their products , first to transmit the new protocol and then to operate on far less power .
Finally , last December , the EnOcean Alliance said it would help companies adapt its energy harvesting systems to transmit Zigbee Green Power messages at 2.4GHz instead of EnOcean telegrams at sub-1GHz frequencies .
That caught the attention of Illumra , which has sold EnOcean-compatible light switches for 10 years .
At the CES show in Las Vegas on Thursday it unveiled its first Self Powered Zigbee Switch , based on EnOcean 's piezoelectric module and able to control Zigbee 3.0 devices with support for the Green Power extension . It plans to begin selling the switches later this quarter in a range of colors , so that OEMs can package them with their own decorative faceplates .
At CES , the EnOcean Alliance is also exhibiting alongside the AllSeen Alliance and the Open Interconnect Consortium to break down the barriers between competing communications standards for the Internet of Things . Other members of the EnOcean Alliance are there too , including NodOn with a module that can turn existing wired wall switches into EnOcean transmitters , and batteryless sensor maker Avidsen showing how its products can interface with a self-learning cloud platform from Ubiant to control the home .
Two guys playing Luchador at the London Gaming Market . Photo by Ashton Hertz
Gaming is so close to being fully immersive . Facial recognition software is almost at the point where you can scan your face and render 3D versions of yourself that do n't look like disfigured Marvel villains . Virtual reality headsets—once they 've sorted out the fact they currently make you feel a bit sick—are nearly able to drop players into the thick of it . Gesture control tech is n't far off when it comes to characters emulating the movements of players . Humans are almost one with the machine .
So , at first , it strikes me as odd that we 're apparently in the midst of widespread board game revivalism . Why would people be so enthralled with stationary bits of plastic and card when they have all these expansive interactive worlds accessible to them ?
`` Without a doubt , we are in the middle of the golden age of board games , '' says Nick Meenachan , founder of the YouTube channel Board Game Brawl .
They would say that , of course , being a man who founded a YouTube channel about board games . But he 's not lying . Sales of board games have been on the rise every year for the past decade ; there are listicles of the best board game cafes and bars ; Meenachan 's is one of many successful YouTube channels focusing on board games , most of which have tens of thousands of followers .
`` There 's something to be said about being at a table with your friends , live and in-person , '' says Meenachan when I ask them for their thoughts on the popularity of board games . `` These communities will always be connected . ''
The communities he 's referring to are n't anything new . Warhammer and Dungeons & Dragons have had strong cult followings since the 1970s and 80s , spawning all sorts of clubs , meet-ups , and conventions—and those continue today . What 's surprising is that , even after classics like Magic : The Gathering and Monopoly have been digitized , physical sales continue to grow .
Dave Mills ( front left ) and the Dark Cleo Productions team
`` [ Board games have ] increased in popularity and become more normal , as with other things that were once niche and geeky and that only nerds played , '' says Dave Mills , avid board gamer and co-founder of gaming site Dark Cleo Productions , as we walk around the London Gaming Market , an expo held every four months for people who want to buy and trade video games , board games , and all their associated merchandise . `` The idea of board gamers was always big , burly guys with complicated battle maps sitting around in dark rooms , but things are different now . ''
Mills explains that there are `` gateway games '' they and the Dark Cleo team bring along to game fairs and expos to get people hooked . `` Give people a simple game—a theme they can relate to—and then introduce them slowly to the mechanics of other games , '' they say . `` That way , more people can get involved and see the appeal . ''
Hundreds of new games are being made every year to appeal to all those prospective new converts , many of which rely on crowdfunding to get off the ground . Matt Sloan , founder of Beer & Board Games , and a regular online game reviewer , says , `` I think that the ability for board games to reach all the various corners of geek culture is what gets people excited about them , and the niches that they explore can be insanely specific . The possibilities are endless . ''
Read on Motherboard : Five Days at the World Championship of Competitive Cyberpunk Card Gaming
He 's right : There are plenty of bizarre and sometimes controversial titles appearing in the board game market , like Operation F.A.U.S.T. , a game where you have to rescue art from Nazis , Machine of Death : The Creative Assassination Game , and FUCK—The Game .
Could this interest have anything to do with the rejection of video games ? Is it like the vinyl revival ? Do people want something tangible as a reaction to apps and clouds and expansion packs ? Have all the dads in Chucks and vintage T-shirts migrated from Rough Trade to Games Workshop , ready to brag about the rare first pressing of Cluedo they picked up in a flea market ?
`` I do believe that many gamers have been missing the basic human necessity of human interaction , '' says Meenachan . `` It 's just not the same over a microphone while playing some shoot 'em up video game . ''
Sloan agrees , saying it 's the `` tactile appeal and face-to-face interaction '' that sets board games apart from video games .
Some of the games available at the London Gaming Market . Photo by Ashton Hertz
Thing is , there 's a huge amount of crossover between the two , and many gamers play both . MMORPGs ( massively multiplayer online role-playing games ) like World of Warcraft share many similarities with classics like Dungeons & Dragons , and among those I speak to there does n't seem to be a pick-your-side mentality . However , this does n't mean they 're the same : They exist for different reasons , and each has its own appeal . Board games are books to video games movies : Your imagination drives the gameplay ; you add meaning and excitement to the inanimate cards and figures that sit motionless in front of you .
Mills from Dark Cleo suggests that younger generations taking an interest in board games could help to set them up with valuable life skills . `` You learn life strategies and principles—strategic thinking , social skills , learning to lose and win , '' they say . `` In some games , you have to learn that when you 're going down one path and it 's not working out , you need to change paths and rethink things . The games often teach us these things without us realizing it : organization , resource management , preplanning , changing your moves . ''
In an in-depth `` board versus video game '' thread on Reddit , many argued that solo play is both a pro and con of video gaming . Some said that gathering friends together and setting up boards was a hassle , while others suggested the isolation of video gaming has driven people towards tabletop gaming . So it 's a predictably mixed bag of opinions from a discussion between loads of strangers online . However , the isolation point was interesting , considering the growing market for marathon YouTube videos of people playing board games .
Why , for instance , if one the main appeals of board games is social interaction , has this eight-hour video of people playing Risk Legacy gotten over 4,000 views ? `` It 's satisfying , even if only vicariously , to watch others enjoy games that [ the viewers ] might be interested in but ca n't get to the table [ to play ] , '' says Meenachan , suggesting that these videos are just a way for the disconnected to connect .
`` Board games are timeless and ageless , '' says Mills from Dark Cleo . `` We 've had granddads bring their eight-year-old grandsons to conventions , and they 've both sat down and played a game together . I 've been involved in several groups and societies , and you get a lot of people who suffer from social anxieties or even autism and other disabilities , but they 're welcomed in . You 've all got something to focus on , and the social side of it comes naturally . ''
This open-armed ethos is certainly something to be lauded , and whether or not the skills you learn on the tabletop really do translate into life lessons , watching the groups of people playing `` gateway games '' at the London Games Market made me realize the simple of attraction of it all . As one Reddit user wrote : `` I value board games more because playing a board game simply means I am with my friends . ''
Follow Jak on Twitter .
SAN FRANCISCO , CA - FEBRUARY 14 : Same-sex couple Molly McKay ( R ) and Davina Kotulski ( L ) request a marriage license from San Francisco County Clerk director Karen Hong Yee on February 14 , 2011 in San Francisco , California . Close to a dozen same-sex couples who were denied marriage licenses were arrested after they staged a sit-in demonstration inside the office of San Francisco 's county clerk . ( Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images )
It 's been a busy week for gays .
Pres . Obama 's Justice Department announced Wednesday that they would no longer ask courts to uphold the Defense of Marriage Act , a 90s-era bill that prevents the federal government from recognizing gay couples ' marriages .
Although tens of thousands of gays are legally married in states like California , Iowa , and Connecticut , the federal government considers them `` just friends . '' That translates into hardships like extra tax burdens , a risk of deportation for bi-national couples , the inability to sue for wrongful death , and over a thousand other things .
Meanwhile , the American Foundation for Equal Rights , which is leading the charge against Prop 8 , has asked that California 's own marriage ban be lifted while the courts consider its legality . Prop 8 has already been declared unconstitutional , but weddings ca n't resume until appeals have been exhausted .
In response , the anti-gay industry has dug in its heels to denounce the country 's shift towards equality . Last week , the National Organization for Marriage 's Maggie Gallagher claimed that if gay couples are allowed to marry , then straight couples ' children will be `` produced in circumstances in which their mother and father are not pre-committed to caring for them . ''
Them argument -- if you can call it that -- is that marriage gives straight parents a reason to care for their offspring , and that marriage can only exist if it excludes gay people .
Another anti-gay leader , Kevin Smith , claimed that `` the sky did n't fall '' when voters banned marriage . That may be a tough claim to swallow for gay couples facing deportation , losing their homes , or unable to access their partners ' medical coverage .
As soon as Eric Holder announced the administration 's abandonment of DOMA , Dianne Feinstein declared their plans to overturn the law . It 's unclear what the time frame for such legislation would be .
Meanwhile , equality groups celebrated the shift in policy , with an impromptu rally in the Castro yesterday afternoon .
DOMA 's not dead yet -- it 's likely to be defended now by a handful legislator in Congress . They 've been coordinating behind the scenes for the last few weeks with the National Organization for Marriage , a group funded by a small group of anti-gay millionaires .
Copyright NBC Owned Television Stations
DeLAND , Fla. - DeLand police interviewed the mom they say was n't home when their 9-year-old got a hold of a gun and accidentally shot their 8-year-old son in the head .
[ LISTEN : 911 call released in DeLand shooting ]
Police say they are not sharing what was discussed in that interview because of the open investigation .
They are still determining whether criminal charges are appropriate for the mom , Tonya Charles .
When a bullet hit the 8-year-old boy in the head , the children left alone inside the DeLand home turned to their neighbor two doors down for help .
`` I did what I had to do , '' Eddie Nealy told Local 6 .
Nealy called 911 after they found the boy bleeding from their head .
`` I have a young boy here and their sister said they accidentally shot them with a pistol , '' Nealy is heard telling the 911 operator Wednesday evening .
In the background , the boy 's 9-year-old sister is heard sobbing in the background , apologizing to their younger brother .
Police said the little girl found a gun inside their duplex on South Parsons Avenue and shot their brother , Bloved Guinn .
Despite a bullet to the head , Nealy said the boy was able to walk themselves over to their house and they were talking and crying .
Nealy put a towel on the boy 's head while trying to calm the children .
On the call to 911 , Nealy is heard saying , `` Keep still , man . Keep still . Keep still , please . ''
`` Was it accidental , baby ? '' Nealy asked the sister .
`` Yes , '' they said .
`` Yes , it was accidental , '' Nealy told the dispatcher .
DeLand police said the young children were home alone and two older siblings were supposed to be watching the kids , but the teens went to a store when the shooting happened .
Al Depuno , who shares the duplex with the family , said he 's most concerned about the children being able to access the gun .
`` Kids that young should n't be unsupervised for very long , '' they said . `` What worries me is the fact that the gun was not stowed properly or safely . For a kid to have a gun and be able to shoot it off would mean the gun was loaded , and that 's not safe . ''
On Facebook , one of the teens posted that their brother was doing better , saying , `` Yeah , he 's good . The bullet went through their temple but it did n't come out the other side . Somehow the bullet curved in , came out behind their ear , so the bullet never touch their brain . ''
The last update from officials said the boy was in critical condition , but a family friend told Local 6 the boy was `` doing good . ''
Police say they will interview the other children involved next week , and will then make a charging decision .
A Department of Children and Families spokesperson said Charles ' minor children are in protective custody .
DCF called the shooting avoidable .
`` We feel that these types of incidents are highly preventable . Look if parents have any guns in the home they need to keep them out of the reach of children , '' said John Harrell .
Watch Local 6 News and stay with ClickOrlando.com for updates on this developing story .
Copyright 2014 by ClickOrlando.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Story highlights `` This soldier should be executed , '' one Iraqi man says
`` Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , '' a Kurdish lawmaker says
The Marine will have a reduced rank and a pay cut under the plea deal
A U.S. military law expert says a public explanation is needed
Iraqis reacted with outrage Wednesday to news of a plea deal for a U.S. Marine squad leader charged in connection with the deaths of 24 people , in which they received a rank reduction and pay cut but avoided jail time .
The November 2005 killings in Haditha , Iraq , constituted one of the worst attacks on civilians by U.S. troops during the Iraq war . The deaths enraged Iraqis , put a spotlight on the conduct of the U.S. military and was compared to Vietnam 's My Lai massacre by one member of congress .
On Tuesday , Staff Sgt . Frank G. Wuterich was sentenced to a maximum of 90 days in prison , but avoided any time in the brig because of a plea deal . The military judge was obligated to abide by the arrangement between prosecutors and defense attorneys , which amounts to a reduction in rank -- to private -- and a pay cut .
`` This court is unjust and its decision was unfair for Iraqi people , '' Shaeed Fakhri , a lecturer at Babel University in Hilla , said Wednesday as they visited Baghdad . `` This soldier should be executed . The verdict is unfair and unjust for the innocent people who were killed in this incident . ''
`` This is very sad and very painful , '' said Hashim Khader , a store owner in Baghdad . `` They were just civilian people who did not raise weapons against the occupiers and they were killed this way . This is a heinous crime and the soldiers should get the most severe punishment . ''
Wuterich , 31 , of Meriden , Connecticut , originally faced 152 years in prison on nine counts of involuntary manslaughter , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon and three counts of dereliction of duty in the Haditha incident .
They wound up pleading guilty to one count of negligent dereliction of duty . Charges against six other Marines charged in the case were dropped , and another was acquitted .
Wuterich 's sentence was a `` big disappointment , '' Taleb al-Essawi , political adviser to the governor of Iraq 's Anbar province , said Tuesday . `` I ca n't believe that the court decided to drop all the charges except one charge . ... This is a joke , because according to the Iraqi law , all those soldiers should be executed . We demand from the American administration to reconsider the court decision . ''
Al-Essawi also said the U.S. government should compensate the victims ' families .
`` Why is American blood so precious while the Iraqi blood is so cheap ? '' Hanaa Mohammed , an employee with Iraq 's Ministry of Planning , said Wednesday . `` This is unacceptable . ... The Iraqi government should take a strong position and protest the court 's verdict right now . ''
`` We have been following this case since 2006 and we were hoping that those soldiers , who killed 24 innocent people , will receive fair punishment , '' Khalid Salman , head of the Haditha local council , told CNN Tuesday .
`` But now we are convinced that the judicial system in America is unjust , '' they said . `` This is not the end , and we will continue pursuing those soldiers legally through the international courts . ''
`` The Iraqi government should appoint lawyers and send them to the international courts because these courts have a fair and neutral judicial system , unlike the American judicial system , '' Khader said Wednesday .
An expert on U.S. military law said a public explanation is needed regarding the case 's resolution .
`` The trial counsel and convening authority has a duty to explain this pretrial agreement in order to safeguard public confidence in the administration of justice , '' said Eugene R. Fidell , senior research scholar and a visiting lecturer at Yale Law School .
Under the military justice system , they said , the `` convening authority , '' a unit commander , makes the central decision .
`` The prosecution and staff judge advocate play an advisory role , '' they said . `` At the end of the day , it 's the commander 's decision to accept or reject a proposed pretrial agreement . ''
About the investigation into the so-called Haditha massacre , Fidell said : `` It does seem that a set of cases that began with some pretty terrible allegations has basically fizzled . The public ought to have confidence in the administration of justice . ''
The plea agreement was `` unjust , '' according to Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman , as the Marines `` committed mass killings in Haditha . ''
`` We ask the human rights organizations and ( nongovernmental organizations ) in America and all over the world to strongly condemn this verdict . Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , '' Othman said in a Facebook posting Tuesday .
A Marine spokesperson said a final adjudication will be made on the case by Lt. Gen. Thomas Waldhauser , commander of Marine Corps Forces Central Command , but while they can reduce the sentence , they can not increase it .
Facing the judge in a Marine base courtroom Tuesday , Wuterich , a divorced father of three young daughters , expressed no emotion . Earlier in the day , they told the judge : `` For six years , I have had to accept that my name will always be associated with a massacre , being a cold-blooded baby killer , an 'out of control ' monster , and a conspiring liar . There 's nothing I can do about whoever believes these things . ''
According to previous testimony and court records , Wuterich , who was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , was the squad leader on November 19 , 2005 , when members of their patrol unit were moving a supply convoy through Haditha , an insurgent stronghold where armed resistance fighters hid among the civilian population . An improvised explosive device exploded under a vehicle , killing Lance Cpl . Miguel Terrazas , 20 , and injuring two other Marines .
During the more than two-week trial that ended with the plea deal , prosecutors argued Wuterich lost control after seeing the body of their friend blown apart by the bomb and led their men on a angry rampage , ordering their squad to `` shoot first and ask questions later . ''
Wuterich 's team stormed two nearby homes , blasting their way in with grenades and M-16 rifle fire . Among the dead was an elderly man in a wheelchair . When the 45-minute incident was over , 24 men , women and children were dead . Wuterich was accused of ordering their men to storm the homes , part of what their attorney has said was a search for those believed responsible for planting the bomb and , later , shooting at the men .
The prosecution contended the Marines were out for revenge .
The case did n't come to light until January 2006 , when Time magazine broke the story . Two months later , the military launched an investigation .
Wuterich said Tuesday that they never fired their weapon at any women or children .
`` When I told my team to shoot first and ask questions later , the intent was n't that they would shoot civilians , it was that they would not hesitate in the face of the enemy , '' they said .
To the victims ' families , they said , `` Words can not express my sorrow for the loss of your loved ones . ''
`` Many of the Marines who were there that day , along with everyone who has stood by me and supported me , may be disappointed that I pled guilty , '' Wuterich said . `` It might suggest that I believe we behaved badly or dishonorably . The truth is , I do n't believe anyone in my squad , nor any member of Kilo Co. , 3/1 behaved in any way that was dishonorable or contrary to the highest ideals that we all live by as Marines . ''
The incident provoked the condemnation of the late Rep. John Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , who compared it to the 1968 My Lai massacre , and then-President George W. Bush , who vowed that if an investigation showed Marines killed unarmed civilians , `` there will be a punishment . ''
Tom Brady 's day in court went pretty well Wednesday . So well , in fact , that one lawyer believes Brady will be under center for every New England Patriots game this season .
Alan Milstein , an attorney who previously has tried cases against the NFL before Judge Richard Berman , told Sports Illustrated legal analyst and fellow attorney Michael McCann that they believe Berman will rule in Brady 's favor .
Alan Milstein , who 's litigated against NFL and tried cases before Judge Berman , told me : “ Berman will absolutely vacate Brady 's suspension. ” —
Michael McCann ( @ McCannSportsLaw ) August 13 , 2015
@ corbs872 Based mainly off today , though also from their experience with the judge . I wrote about it in my article : si.com/nfl/2015/08/12… —
Michael McCann ( @ McCannSportsLaw ) August 13 , 2015
Those are pretty strong words from someone who understands everything going on and has dealt with this particular judge .
Brady is scheduled to meet with Berman and NFL officials again in New York on Aug. 19 in the same manner the parties met Wednesday — unless a settlement is agreed to by then .
Thumbnail photo via Andy Marlin/USA TODAY Sports Images
Fate/stay night Movie : Heaven 's Feel - I. Presage Flower Ending Full 『Aimer - Hana no Uta』 ( Flower Song ) English Subtitles
Anime Film `` Fate/stay night [ Heaven 's Feel ] I.presage flower '' Theme Song
Artist : Aimer ( composed by Yuki Kajiura )
Anime Film `` Fate/stay night [ Heaven 's Feel ] I.presage flower '' Theme Song
Lyrics , Music & Arrangement : Yuki Kajiura
➝Artist : Aimer / 13th single
https : //itunes.apple.com/jp/album/id1284240040 ? l=en
Physical Copy : https : //setsuya.com/cdjapan/out/SECL-2211
★Official Website : http : //www.aimer-web.jp/
★Official Twitter : https : //twitter.com/aimer_and_staff
Artwork Info :
Picture link - https : //i.imgur.com/K7BdlQb.png
➝Support the channel :
https : //www.paypal.me/MelodicStar
➝ My other channels :
https : //www.youtube.com/c/HDMelodyMusic
https : //www.youtube.com/c/HDSenpai
➝ Follow ME on :
https : //www.facebook.com/MelodicStar/
https : //twitter.com/melodiccstar
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
https : //myanimelist.net/anime/25537/Fate_stay_night_Movie__Heavens_Feel_-_I_Presage_Flower
Anime : Fate/stay night Movie : Heaven 's Feel - I. Presage Flower
Artist : Aimer
Song : Hana no Uta
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
MUSIC PROMOTION & REQUESTS :
If you want to submit a request to promote your music on my channel or request upload -
Contact me on the facebook ( Send me a PM on my facebook page ) or send me a mail .
view my email adress on my youtube 'about page ' .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Copyright Info :
Be aware this channel is only for promotion purpose .
All music belongs to the original creators .
Belkin
Many of us expected home automation to take a step forward at CES this year , and Belkin did n't disappoint , announcing a new slate of WeMo devices that promise to make the smart home even smarter . With new LED light bulbs , an intriguing , multifunctional `` Maker '' device , and even a connected slow cooker , WeMo is looking less and less like a niche offering and more and more like a legitimate , full-fledged home network .
We 've already come away impressed with the trio of WeMo switches that Belkin has released thus far , and a lot of what we like about those products will carry through to the new offerings . Everything will integrate into WeMo 's existing Android/iOS app , and also into IFTTT , the free automation tool that links social networks , online services , and connected devices like Philips Hue bulbs and the SmartThings suite of sensors . That means that all of the new WeMo products will feature the same wide range of creative functionality that that the existing lineup enjoys .
Belkin
First among these new members of the WeMo family is the WeMo LED Lighting Starter Set , which consists of two WeMo Smart LED Bulbs and the WeMo Link , a plug-in hub capable of controlling as many as 50 bulbs at once .
Through the WeMo app , which is set to be updated in February , you 'll be able to control the bulbs remotely , or automate them to turn on and off at specific times . Belkin is also promising a dedicated Vacation Mode that will help simulate occupancy while you 're away from home , as well as the ability to set the lights to gradually brighten when you wake up in the morning .
The Starter Set will retail for $ 129 , with individual bulbs priced at $ 39 each . This puts the two-bulb WeMo set at a higher price point than the three-bulb Connected by TCP Wireless LED Lighting Kit , which offers additional bulbs for less than $ 20 .
Belkin
In addition to the new lighting kit , Belkin announced a partnership with Jarden Consumer Solutions , parent company to well-known small appliance brands like Mr. Coffee , Breville , Oster , and Holmes . The first product to stem from this partnership is the Crock-Pot WeMo Smart Slow Cooker , the first device of its kind that puts full time and temperature controls onto your smartphone .
In addition to the WeMo slow cooker , Belkin 's CES booth is displaying the Mr. Coffee WeMo Smart Coffee Maker , as well as WeMo-enabled heaters , humidifiers , and air purifiers from Holmes . Consumer reception and demand will likely dictate just how many more of these connected appliances end up getting the green light , but given the wide range of brands under Jarden 's umbrella , there looks to be a lot of potential for Belkin to expand the Internet of Things fairly significantly .
The final product Belkin unveiled was the WeMo Maker Kit , a home automation option that seems more explicitly geared toward the hands-on , DIY-minded consumer . According to Belkin , the WeMo Maker `` brings the Internet of Things to your fingertips , '' and gives users the ability to build their own smart home solutions by adding Internet connectivity to any device with a DC switch . This includes sprinkler systems , blinds motors , antennas , and more -- all of which you 'll be able to automate and control directly , both through the WeMo app and through IFTTT .
Colin West McDonald/CNET
The WeMo LED Lighting Starter Set , WeMo Smart LED Bulbs , Crock-Pot WeMo Slow Cooker , and WeMo Maker Kit will all be available in spring 2014 , with more connected appliances expected to roll out in the months afterward . In the meantime , current WeMo users can look forward to next month 's app upgrade , which will add new features like advanced sunrise/sunset rules , a countdown timer , and a customizable long press gesture for the WeMo Light Switch that can act as an instant IFTTT trigger .
$ 100,000 if you have the hacking skills and love to play with electronics and gadgets . Yes , you could earnif you have the hacking skills and love to play with electronics and gadgets .
Google has doubled its top bug bounty for hackers who can crack its Chromebook or Chromebox machine over the Web .
So if you want to get a big fat check from Google , you must have the ability to hack a Chromebook remotely , that means your exploit must be delivered via a Web page .
How to Earn $ 100,000 from Google
The Chrome security team announced Monday that the top Prize for hacking Chromebook remotely has now been increased from $ 50,000 at $ 100,000 after nobody managed to successfully hack its Chromebook laptops last year .
The Top bug bounty will be payable to the first person – the one who executes a 'persistent compromise ' of the Chromebook while the machine is in Guest Mode .
In other words , the hacker must be able to compromise the Chromebook when the machine is in a locked-down state to ensure its user privacy .
Moreover , the hack must still work even when the system is reset .
`` Last year we introduced $ 50,000 rewards for the persistent compromise of a Chromebook in guest mode , '' the Google Security Blog reads .
`` Since we introduced the $ 50,000 reward , we have not had a successful submission . Great research deserves great awards , so we 're putting up a standing [ 6-figure ] sum , available all year round with no quotas and no maximum reward pool . ''
Bug bounties have become an essential part of information security and have been offered by major Silicon Valley companies to hackers and security researchers who discover vulnerabilities in their products or services .
Last year , Google paid out more than $ 2,000,000 in bug bounties overall to hackers and researchers who found bugs across its services – including $ 12,000 to Sanmay Ved , an Amazon employee , who managed to buy Google.com domain .
So Keep Hunting , Keep Earning !
The original Star Tours has a place in the heart of many Star Wars fans—although following its revamp back in 2011 , it 's now impossible to experience Disney 's first foray into the world of Star Wars rides in person . At least this amazing fan-made project lets you rekindle a few of those memories .
Part of a series of experimental VR projects to recreate classic Disney park rides , Gregory Noacco has recently made their 4K recreation of the original Star Tours available as a 360-degree YouTube video , and it 's a delightful blast from the past .
Sure , as a simple video—even one you can pan around in like this—you ca n't quite recapture the feeling of being flung across the galaxy far , far away by R2-D2 and RX-24 as you would have in the ride all those years ago . But it 's a real joy to go back and experience the original attraction otherwise , seeing all the sites and even the actual set dressing of the StarSpeeder lovingly recreated .
Advertisement
You can download versions of this video and Noacco 's other ride recreations at their website , for use through VR apps on phones and for the Oculus Rift headset .
[ Nerdist ]
I need to make friends .
.. you will end up failing.I know , Scootaloo 's wings are n't that SMALL . but I wanted to do them like that .. implying that they feel too small to do big things .. Like them wings.I know that is n't true , though . You ca n't be too small to do big things . But that 's how I felt when I was drawing this .. I felt small . Insignificant . That I could do nothing only to change my life into better.Negative things still coming into my life .. It 's stupid of me that I let them . And I 'm starting to become a social failure .. because I do n't give importance to things that are really important.But hey , it 's not the end of the world ! I was always a hybrid between a negativist and an optimist . But sometimes pesimism weighs too much and destroys the balance.I originally wanted to draw The CMC Crusading Tickles , as a deviant requested me and I kept them waiting for too long.But I just could n't draw anything happy . [ DOWNLOAD FOR FULL VIEW ]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John McDonnell : `` Slowly but surely , we 're rebuilding economic confidence in the Labour party ''
Councils would be given the power to limit `` skyrocketing '' rent increases , John McDonnell has said , as they set out Labour 's approach on the economy .
The shadow chancellor pledged to help people `` at the mercy of an unforgiving , unrestrained housing market '' .
And they said a future Labour government would build 100,000 council homes a year and boost home ownership .
Ministers said the `` proposals for excessive state regulation '' would `` destroy investment in new housing '' .
At a conference on the economy hosted by Labour in London , party leader Jeremy Corbyn said government intervention was needed to solve the housing crisis .
They said the party would `` always seek to distribute the rewards of growth more fairly '' and pledged to break with the `` failed economic orthodoxy that has gripped policymakers for a generation '' .
Labour 's proposed National Investment Bank will boost the UK 's infrastructure , they added .
George Osborne warns Brexit will hit house prices
In their speech , Mr McDonnell said Labour would not win the next general election unless it showed that it was a responsible custodian of public money .
`` We can reject the dreadful choice of austerity and maintain solid government finances , '' they said .
They highlighted reviews Labour had set up into the workings of the Treasury , HM Revenue & Customs and the remit of the Bank of England 's monetary policy committee .
BBC News political correspondent Chris Mason said the shadow chancellor was seeking to take on critics that have suggested the party is only ever capable of grumbling about the government , rather than setting out an alternative .
But they said , coming four years before the next general election , the speech was big on vision , but short on detail .
Council-backed mortgages
The measures put forward at the conference will be subject to consultation , and will not immediately become party policy .
They include powers to regulate private rent rises - similar to those pledged by former Labour leader Ed Miliband in the party 's unsuccessful general election campaign - below the rate of inflation for the duration of a tenancy .
Critics previously said Labour 's pre-election proposals would reduce investment in housing stock .
The `` local rent regulation '' suggested by Mr McDonnell would be available to councils in each area , rather than set nationally .
The National Landlords Association welcomed Labour 's focus on making housing more affordable but warned the party not to `` pull the rug from under the feet of responsible landlords '' , while new Labour mayor of London , Sadiq Khan , told the BBC they did not favour rent controls in the capital .
Image copyright PA
Mr McDonnell said there would be a new `` forum '' for elected mayors who are in charge of cities across the country .
`` For the first time , national economic policy making will be influenced directly by local decision makers representing their metropolises and their local communities , '' they told the conference .
The forum will look for solutions to the `` housing crisis '' with Labour favouring an extension of local authority-guaranteed mortgages .
Mr McDonnell said they wanted to see more local authorities following the examples of Manchester , Warrington and Sandwell by `` offering cheap , local authority-backed mortgages to first-time buyers in particular '' .
They criticised the workings of the government 's Help to Buy scheme , saying it was not targeted at people who need assistance the most .
`` Labour would make it a mission to ensure that families and young people on ordinary incomes are n't locked out of home-ownership , '' they said .
They said new council homes would be a `` top priority '' , funded by savings in the Housing Benefit bill .
Tax haven
The shadow chancellor said Labour governments under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown had relied too heavily on tax revenues from financial services , and public-private partnerships to fund infrastructure projects , and did not do enough to clamp down on tax evasion and avoidance .
`` It helped create an unfair tax system , '' they said .
But they said in opposition , the party was holding the Conservatives to account and a future Labour government would ensure the UK would `` no longer act like a tax haven for the super-rich '' .
Image caption Mr Corbyn pledged Labour would break with the `` failed economic orthodoxy ''
Addressing the Labour proposals on housing , a Department for Communities and Local Government spokesperson said the government was `` creating a bigger and better private rented sector '' .
They added : `` The vast majority of tenants across the country are seeing their rents remain stable , and are happy with the service they receive from landlords .
`` These proposals for excessive state regulation would destroy investment in new housing , push up prices and make it far harder for people to find a flat or house to rent . ''
San Diego Comic-Con : The epicenter of western pop culture entertainment . As fans lined up for hours to get a peek at the latest Thor and Justice League movies , a few blocks away from Hall H , a smaller , but enthusiastic crowd vied to get a seat at the premiere of a new Netflix production : Death Note .
Based on the best-selling supernatural suspense Shonen Jump manga series by Tsugumi Ohba and Takeshi Obata , Death Note is centered around Light , a bright but bored teen who inherits a notebook from a death god . The book gives Light the power to kill almost anyone just by writing their name in its pages . Light uses their newfound powers to kill criminals around the world , which makes them a vigilante hero to some , but a murderer to others . As Light 's list of victims grows , their killing spree is noticed by L , an eccentric but brilliant detective . This sets in motion a high-stakes cat-and-mouse game , much to the delight of Ryuk , the death god .
The basic premise of the movie is the same as the manga , but when Tokyo is changed to Seattle , Light Yagami is Light Turner , and L has been transformed from a scruffy Japanese guy in a white sweater to an African-American man in a black hoodie , any fan of the original series is left to wonder , how much else has changed ? Will this western version of this popular Japanese series succeed… or will it suck ?
A NIGHT AT THE ( MANGA ) MOVIES
In the world of western superhero comics , news of the latest movie or TV adaptation of a popular comics series sparks giddy anticipation amongst fans . In the world of N. American manga fandom , seeing a Hollywood adaptation of a Japanese manga in the coming attractions line-up is cause for skepticism , dismissal and disdain .
Little wonder , when fans have endured many manga-to-movie adaptations that are at best , mediocre and at worst , unwatchable . ( cough ! > Dragon Ball : Evolution < cough ! ) . Even the Japanese live-action adaptations have been a mixed bag , with many weighed down by weak acting and low-budget special effects . Add in accusations of “ white-washed ” casting , ala Ghost in the Shell , and it 's a wonder any manga movies are in development in Hollywood at all . It 's in this atmosphere that Netflix is releasing its live-action adaptation of Death Note , due to hit small screens on this movie-streaming service worldwide on August 25 , 2017 .
I was there on premiere night , barely making it through the standby-for-the-standby line in front of the Horton Grand Theater to get a seat for the screening . For my troubles , I got a bag with movie snacks , a red apple , a t-shirt , an autographed poster , and a Death Note notebook . Not a bad haul at all .
I heard producer Masi Oka ( Heroes , Hawaii Five-O ) tell the audience about screening the film for Ohba and Obata in Tokyo , and getting rave reviews from them . Director Adam Wingard ( Blair Witch ) , along with stars Nat Wolff ( Light ) , Keith Stanfield ( L ) and Margaret Qualley ( Mia Sutton ) shared stories and cracked jokes about shooting this made-for-Netflix movie that was filmed in late 2016 , after almost 10 years in development . I saw a “ life-sized ” statue of Ryuk in the lobby – a stand-in for the absent Willem Dafoe , the voice of Ryuk , the death god .
FROM TOKYO TO SEATTLE , FROM J-IDOL TO CHEERLEADER
This new version of Death Note starts much like the manga , the anime , and the Japanese live-action movies . Light is a high school student who is smart , but kind of bored with the mundaneness of their life . So when a notebook falls from the sky and lands at their feet , Light ca n't help but pick it up to check it out . He 's puzzled by the Death Note and the arcane rules written inside , so they keep it out of curiosity .
Light later meets Ryuk , the death god , who looks pretty much like they do in the Japanese version ( albeit somewhat shorter in stature ) . After their initial shock and fear wears off , Light is introduced to the rules of using the Death Note by Ryuk . Armed with this supernatural death diary , Light becomes a vigilante , killing off criminals around the world , while their detective father , James Turner ( Shea Wigham ) is none the wiser . Meanwhile , their classmate Mia finds out , and goes from being a nihilist school cheerleader to cheering on Light as the Death Note 's body count grows .
Within these first few scenes , Wolff and Qualley 's Light and Mia show us that while these characters were germinated from the seeds of their Japanese counterparts , they 're American hybrids that will blossom and grow into something familiar , yet different .
For one thing , compared to Goth Lolita model / pop idol Misa Amane in the Japanese version of Death Note , Mia is much less glamorous , less of a Light fangirl and more manipulative and dark , with their own agenda . The differences in personality and personal agency between cutesy , submissive Misa and suburban anti-hero Mia send this movie 's plot on a different trajectory . While many elements of the manga are here , it 's clear that Ohba and Obata 's story was used as a launching point , not as a shot-by-shot guide for the entire film .
Casting LaKeith Stanfield as L was another bold move , signaling to the world that this production would take this Japanese story into new territory . Stanfield 's L favors black hoodies over baggy white sweaters , but is still an eccentric , yet brilliant sleuth who coolly unravels Light 's and Mia 's web of deception . But just as Light and Mia are American distillations of their Japanese counterparts , this American L is more of a cool , serious sleuth than loveable eccentric ( schmarfing down handfuls of Skittles is n't that eccentric ) . When the movie hits its third act , as L and Light 's battle of wits ramps up , L also careens toward a different fate than their manga counterpart .
This is probably not going to be a popular opinion , but I preferred Stanfield 's L to the manga L , because they brought a degree of passion and emotional complexity to the character that made them one of the more interesting characters in this cast . That said , there 's not much chemistry between L and Light as they match wits , so I do n't expect a lot of BL/slash doujinshi to come out of this film .
Even with Dafoe as their voice , the movie Ryuk is also more of a one-dimensional demon , who lacks some of the quirky , humorous aspects of their personality that made them kind of likeable in the manga . Also absent are the rest of the Shinigami posse who help readers understand Ryuk 's backstory .
This movie condenses the 12-volume Death Note story into a single 101-minute feature film , vs. the 37-episode animated version or the nearly 4-hour Japanese movie that was split up into two films . As a result , many characters and details seen in the original series were simply omitted , mostly to keep the action moving at a brisk pace .
However , with this brevity comes the necessity to leave out some key plot and character developments . For example , viewers never get the sense that Light / Kira is a world-famous vigilante who is feared and respected by millions , much less see Light succumb to the megalomania that such notoriety can bring . We also do n't get much of a chance to get very attached to the FBI agents who work alongside L , or at least not enough to really feel sad or horrified when they meet an unfortunate end .
If you did n't like how the manga and anime versions of Death Note ended , well , the bright side to this new version is that there 's something you might prefer ( or not ) at the end of this film . Death Note is basically a remix that starts from a familiar place , but takes viewers on a stylishly-shot joy ride full of clever twists that will surprise even long-time readers of the original story . Fans of blood-and-guts horror flicks will appreciate some of the gleefully gory , over-the-top death scenes in this movie too .
ADDRESSING THE WHITE-WASHING CONTROVERSY
There are a few nods to Death Note 's Japanese origins , with producer Masi Oka making a cameo as a Japanese police detective who meets L at a crime scene in a Tokyo nightclub , and Light explaining that “ Kira ” = “ killer ” in Japanese as their rationale for choosing their alias . Japanese-American actor Paul Nakauchi also does a turn as L 's loyal majordomo , Watari .
Does this counter the inevitable “ whitewashed cast ” criticism ? Probably not . But as a Japanese-American manga fan who was expecting the worst here , I thought this movie tried to toe the line between being respectful to the source material and telling a story set in America that would be appealing and accessible to general audiences , not just the otaku faithful . It made me re-think what parts of Death Note are inherently Japanese , and what has made it one of those rare stories that has universal appeal for readers worldwide .
While Death Note is n't likely to win any major awards , it did turn out to be one of the better live-action manga-to-movie adaptations I 've seen to date . Admittedly , the bar is pretty low to begin with , but Death Note rose above its baggage to be a movie worth watching . I 'm not inclined to see it again and again , but it DID keep me entertained for over an hour and half . It also gave me lots of food for thought -- it 's a film that will spark a lot of conversations once it 's in wider release . It 's never going to generate as much buzz as Justice League or Thor : Ragnarok , but it did n't suck , and that , my friends , counts as progress in manga movie land .
Watch Death Note on Netflix ( Starting on August 25 ) and see the preview trailer
Watch the Death Note animated series on Netflix , Hulu , or download to own on iTunes , and Google Play
The main issue with this subclass was their ever increasing damage even when multiclassing out . To fix that , I thought it would 've been much more meaningful to put a different scaling on the bonus damage that would only account for Warlock levels , and to rework the Improved Critical part of the curse to work only with melee weapon , as it is much more sensible for the spirit of the subclass . The martial weapon proficiency was removed as irrelevant and the Charisma substitution is limited to enhance the likelyhood of picking the blade boon ( which should be the main choice for this subclass ) .
Starting at 1st level , you gain the ability to place a baleful curse on an enemy . As a bonus action , choose one creature you can see within 30 feet of you . The target is cursed for 1 minute . Until the curse ends , you gain the following benefits :
At 1st level , you gain proficiency with medium armor and shields . In addition , when attacking with a simple melee weapon or one you created with your blade pact boon and that lacks the two- handed property , you can use your Charisma modifier , instead of Strength or Dexterity , for the attack and damage rolls .
The Hexblade lets you choose from an expanded list of spells when you learn a warlock spell . The following spells are added to the warlock spell list for you .
I think that the Hexblade flavour was pretty bad , and the best way to improve if it 's to change the nature of the Hexblades themselves from actual , physical weapons to Entities of great power that can manifest a part of themselves as blades .
The Raven Queen , following mysterious plans , purposefully created perturbances in the Shadowfell to spawn Hexblades ; they are even rumored to have forged the first of their kind , while the others followed because of the destabilization of the planes . These particular Hexblades , along with their Warlocks followers , are ubidient tools they can use to manipulate events in the Material Plane to their inscrutable ends .
Fractures between the material plane and the Shadowfell , the Hexblades are not as many weapons as beings of incredible power and intelligence . Their aim is to expand themselves through dark rituals and offerings , free the multiverse from any boundaries and make it plunge into complete chaos and freedom ; to do so , they manifest themselves in a multitude of sentient weapons which bear a fraction of the power of the original blade . Warlocks who aim great power and the coming of a new age often choose an Hexblade as their patron .
Shadow Hound ( no changes )
Starting at 6th level , your shadow can split from you and transform into a hound of pure darkness . Most of the time , your shadow hound masquerades as your normal shadow . As a bonus action , you can command it to magically slip into the shadow of a creature you can see within 60 feet of you . While the shadow hound is merged in this manner , the target ca n't gain the benefits of half cover or three-quarters cover against your attack rolls , and you know the distance and direction to the target even if it is hidden . The hound ca n't be seen by anyone but you and those with truesight , and it is unaffected by light . The target has a vague feeling of dread while the hound is present . As a bonus action , you can command your shadow hound to return to you . It also automatically returns to you if you and the target are on different planes of existence , if you 're incapacitated , or if dispel magic , remove curse , or similar magic is used on the target .
Armor of Hexes
At 10th level , your hex grows more powerful . If the target cursed by your Hexblade 's Curse hits you with an attack roll , one time a round , you can roll a d6 . On a 4 or higher , the attack instead misses you . On a 3 or lower , you take the hit but get to use this feature again for this round .
Why I like this change Armor of Hexes was just too good . With a lucky streak you could avoid all attempts to harm you without much interaction or interesting outcomes . This way , the Warlock has to choose which attacks they want to attempt to avoid , so there is some sort of tactical thinking , while it can still be really good when using it to avoid some dangerous spell .
Master of Hexes
Starting at 14th level , you can use your Hexblade 's Curse again without resting , but when you apply it to a new target , the curse immediately ends on the previous target .
Eldritch Invocations
Curse Bringer
Prerequisite : The Hexblade patron , Pact of the Blade feature .
You can create a longsword forged from silver , with black runes etched into its blade , using your Pact of the Blade feature . If you reduce a target cursed by your Hexblade 's Curse to 0 hit points with this sword , you can immediately change the target of the curse to a different creature . This change does n't extend the curse 's duration . When you hit a creature with this weapon , you can expend a spell slot to deal an additional 2d8 slashing damage to the target , with an additional 1d8 damage per spell level after the 1st , and you can reduce the creature 's speed to 0 feet until the end of your next turn .
Selling eggs is a great way to make some homestead income . With the price of tasteless watery caged-birds eggs bought in a store climbing to high levels , being able to sell fresh tasty cage-free farm eggs puts you in a great marketing position .
So here are a few tips and ideas for selling eggs that can boost your sales and income .
( If you are looking for a resource guide on selling eggs – washing , cartons etc…see this blog )
Egg selling rules and regulations
First and foremost , you need to know and follow your local regulations about keeping poultry and selling eggs . This varies greatly from state to state and province to province , so do your research so you are not breaking laws or codes . The rest of my advice is overruled by these regulations for your local area . So knowing them is going to be critical for you . Ask your local agricultural officers . Check online resources . Know your rights and responsibilities .
For the USA – here is the listing for egg laws by state .
For example , one local rule we follow is about reusing egg cartons . It is allowed , but as our eggs are not officially graded , all reference to egg grade needs to be blacked out . This is an easy fix with a larger marker .
Selling eggs from your front gate
This is the easiest method for selling eggs . Place a sign out then front of your farm saying you have eggs for sale . We place a cooler with cartons of eggs inside and a plastic bag for payment…the honor system seems to work really well for us . So far not one dozen of eggs has been taken without the correct payment and often people leave more than the “ asking ” price . We also find that people are leaving empty egg cartons for us back in the cooler . So the system is working great !
But often it 's a little hardener than just that , especially if you are down a country lane with very little passing traffic . This is when you need to start spreading the word around your area that you have eggs . We have also done this , with a local organic farm that does not sell eggs . They happily refer their customers to us when they ask about eggs…and we happily promote their wonderful farm business in return . We also have a listing on some online farm directories that promote local produce . All this is free marketing that takes a little time to establish but will boost your sales .
Selling eggs to work colleagues
If you have an income source that involves you visiting businesses or even working in an office , why not sell eggs to those colleagues . I do this – and charge a slight premium as I am taking eggs to them . This has been a wonderful way for use to sell our excess eggs ( the ones we have not sold at the farm gate ) . This is especially true of the ‘ city'folks , who feel they are getting the very best eggs from our farm – and quite frankly , they are !
I just send these folks an email when I am coming to their office and ask people to email be back if they need eggs…so its like eggs on a pre-order basis . When I change organizations with new contracts etc , i just do repeat the process .
Selling eggs through a local store
This is great option if your farm is isolated or you do n't want people coming to your farm . You may find that you will need to purchase new egg cartons so that customers receive their eggs in cartons that all look the same to which you can add a sticker with details of your farm for marketing processes .
Building a good relationship with your local store owner will be a must . They will want to know how many dozen you will be able to supply and what price you will take from them . This will need to be low enough that they can sell to their customers and make a profit and yet high enough that you are covering all your costs . You will need to deliver eggs at the same time each week so that the store owner comes to know you are reliable .
I would suggest that you build up a stockpile of eggs so that you can always supply the same number of eggs each week . To do this you need to make sure you are not promising to sell every egg your hens lay . So if your normal production is five dozen a week , then agree to provide 4 dozen a week . That means that each week you have a surplus of a dozen . In that way you can keep a dozen in reserve from that week for future sales when your hens stop laying during molting or other issues . Just remember to rotate the stockpile so that you are always selling the older eggs and keeping the younger eggs . Eggs kept in the refrigerator will stay in top quality for a long time .
Selling eggs at a farmers market
This can be a wonderful option especially if you already sell other produce at a farmers market . I have even seen people selling nothing BUT eggs at a farmers market – the eggs became their sole income generator ! In this case they sold eggs individually rather than by the dozen . You could buy a variety of sizes and colors .
Some farmers markets have rules about competition on selling produce – so check that you can sell eggs with the organizers .
Selling different types of eggs
Now I have an established egg market – I ca n't meet the demand of my customers – I am starting to get requests for different types of eggs . For example , there is a market for duck eggs from people who are allergic to chicken eggs .
There is also a market for quail eggs from gourmet restaurants in the larger cities . For all of these you need to do some research before you start off with a new flock to make sure you will be able to sell these egg varieties . But this type of diversification might be able to increase your income dramatically once you have an established market .
A local initiative that deemed sexism a hate crime and led to tougher sentences could be extended nationwide .
Last year , Nottinghamshire Police trialled the scheme which recorded incidents such as wolf whistling , street harassment , verbal abuse and taking photographs without consent as hate crimes .
Police chiefs across the country are expected to receive a report on Nottinghamshire 's findings while various forces have expressed an interest in adopting it .
If implemented , perpetrators motivated by sexism or misogyny could face tougher punishments .
Under current law , there are only a few recognised forms of hate crimes - those based on sexuality/transgender , race , disability and age . If new plans go ahead , then targeted abuse such as insults , unwanted sexual advances and verbal contact would all be regarded as offences .
Assistant chief constable Mark Hamilton told the Women and Equalities Committee : `` It 's not about a new crime of hate , it 's about adding another category to the enhanced process that layers on top of an offence when it occurs . ''
They added that the time was `` right '' to consider the change in policy in order to encourage more women to report sexual crimes .
Dozens of women reported misogynistic or sexist crimes to Nottingham Police in the first few months of the pilot scheme , said the force .
Work on the G Watch R , says LG , began more than two years ago . This fully circular smartwatch may be running Android Wear and competing against the likes of the Moto 360 and Asus ZenWatch , but LG argues that it 's the product of a long-term project rather than a kneejerk reaction . The 1.3-inch OLED screen on the G Watch is the first mass-produced round display of its kind , which is indeed the sort of innovation that takes years of planning to complete . LG has committed just as much time on the design , which has been inspired by the forms and styles of luxury cars , classical watches , and other jewelry . Set to launch in October , the G Watch R marks a legitimate step forward from the first generation of nondescript Android Wear devices .
LG has grown rather dismissive of its first Android Wear device , the G Watch . It 's now described as a reference device for the platform , and the first chance for people to experience what Android on the wrist can be like . The future of LG 's wearable efforts is very much centered on today 's G Watch R , which the company says will cost more than the first-gen Wear watches . That increase in price is offset by the R 's improved design . The new watch comes with a calfskin leather strap and a much more attractive stainless steel case . There 's still a plastic shell on the underside and the dreaded need for a proprietary magnetic charging connector , but the look is much more refined .
Putting a classic look on modern technology
It 's also nice to see LG using a standard 22mm strap , allowing you to swap the G Watch R into and out of styles by just changing its band and matching it with a particular watch face . Like Asus and everyone else pushing the idea of stylish smartwatches , LG intends to make a wide variety of watch faces available and is considering providing its own-brand aftermarket straps as well . For now , the company seems content to let people figure out their own ornamentations .
Once on your wrist , the G Watch R will act pretty much like any other Android Wear watch . The minute indicators around its periphery are part of the metal case , however , and will clash if your preference is for a digital rather than analog watch face . They slope downward into the display , giving it a protective ridge around the sides . The inclusion of this bigger bezel has been a necessary concession to make the OLED display fit inside the case . Accommodating its contacts and making the whole thing waterproof , says LG , takes up an extra 2mm to 3mm around the edge . This is the other side of the Moto 360 coin : Motorola 's smartwatch has negligible bezels but achieves that by leaving a small chunk of disused screen space at the bottom , which is where it fits the same components compelling LG to go bigger .
Better than the first try , but still a work in progress
This is an issue for both devices because , frankly , they remain far too large to be considered proper watches . The original Pebble is quite long for a watch , but it looks perfectly compact when set alongside the G Watch R. At IFA , LG was specifically questioned about the apparent masculinity of the G Watch R and whether it could n't have done more to appeal to a female consumer , to which the company responded that it needs more time to be able to produce devices with thinner bezels . So even after two years in development , the G Watch R remains a work in progress .
Inside its new watch , LG has a 410mAh battery , 512MB of RAM , and the same Qualcomm chip as on the original G Watch . There 's also a built-in heart rate sensor and a barometer , plus the OLED display is efficient enough to be left in an always-on ambient mode when the watch is not in use . LG promises up to two days of typical use on a single charge . Unfortunately , there 's no ambient light detector , so brightness adjustments will have to be done manually , and there 's also no GPS chip integrated for anyone wishing to use the G Watch R to track their runs . A vibration motor for alerts and integrated microphone for voice commands complete the spec sheet .
On show at IFA today , LG demonstrated two slightly different variants of the G Watch R : one is the matte black model that will be hitting shops in October , and the other features a brushed steel look that 's only for LG 's internal use . You 'll see both in the images below . The only difference is that the retail model has received a PVD coating , and the underlying steel shell and accompanying leather straps are the same on both .
Some of your favorite Mexican foods have a long history : Tacos date back to the 18th century silver mines in Mexico , while burritos are thought to have originated in Northern Mexico with 19th century vaqueros ( cowboys ) .
So how does a certain popular “ Mexican ” fast food company stand up in a taste test among those whose heritage traces back to that nation ? To find out , BuzzFeed asked Mexicans of all ages to try Taco Bell for the first time - and their reactions—from “ I ca n't describe what I just ate because it 's not Mexican food ” to “ It 's an explosion of flavor ! ” — might surprise you .
More South-of-the-Border fare :
Order smarter at Mexican restaurants
Favorite Day of the Dead candies
Your guacamole troubleshooting guide !
Do you think Taco Bell is Mexican food ? Why or why not ? Tell us !
2016 was a big year for Swift , with a well-received release of Swift 3.0 . There 's no doubt that the decision to open-source the language in 2015 strengthened the language . Throughout the year , we saw a number of great libraries in our `` This Week in Mobile '' series on DZone . Here 's a run down of the best of these libraries
LayoutKit
LinkedIn open-sourced LayoutKit , one of their own libraries used in their apps . It 's billed as a fast view layout library for iOS , macOS , and tvOS . It 's intended to solve the issue of Auto Layout not being performant enough for complicated view hierarchies in scrollable views . If you 're building a UICollectionView or UITableView , be sure to check it out here .
ScrollableGraphView
ScrollableGraphView is an adaptive scrollable graph view for iOS to visualize simple discrete datasets with the ability to scroll through the graph . This UI component looks amazing with smooth scrolling and animations . If you 're building any app that needs to display data , bring it to the next level with the best graph view library on iOS .
Advance
Advance is a powerful animation framework for iOS , tvOS , and macOS . The framework helps you build gesture-based animations that use physics to reflect the behavior of the real world . Although the developers recommend using the built-in animation libraries for more basic cases , it 's worth a look if you need to do something a little special .
Kickstarter
There are so many ways to learn how to build a great app and put the right architecture in place . The best way is to learn from the leaders in the industry . Kickstarter open sourced their iOS and Android apps towards the end of 2016 , showing the libraries they depend on , the additional libraries they created and the approaches they take in developing an app .
ExpandingCollection
ExpandingCollection is a card peek and pop controller , released as a showcase of what Ramotion Inc. , an app development company can do . Although integrating the library takes a few steps , it all makes perfect sense , and you end up with results like the following image .
15 Days of Animation in Swift
Tutorial series are very popular on GitHub , and this project gives you the opportunity to learn animations in Swift across 11 sample projects . It covers animations that you can use throughout your app such as in the navigation bar , loading dots , stretchy header , circular progress , and GIF animations .
JTAppleCalendar
Listing itself as the `` Unofficial Swift Apple Calendar View , '' JTAppleCalendar is one of the best widgets out there . It allows you to style your date cells however you 'd like them to look , select date ranges , and much more . This library sets a high standard for anyone thinking of providing a control for others to use !
Stellar
Stellar is another fantastic physical animation library with a really simple API to express your animations in . The best part of it is that you can observe the completion of each step with promise-style declarations .
StyleKit
While Android developers can easily create common styles for their apps , it 's a bit more complicated for iOS developers . Thankfully , StyleKit is here to make it so much easier . It 's a microframework that enables you to style your application using a simple JSON file .
IGListKit
If anyone knows a thing or two about list based applications , it 's Instagram . They released IGListKit , a data-driven UICollectionView framework for building fast and flexible lists . Written in Objective-C , it has full Swift interop support . Use it to reduce the size of your view controllers and create lists that update really quickly !
Working with Android ? We 've compiled 2016 's top 10 list here .
[ van id= ” van/ns-acc/2015/12/14/NE-018MO_CNNA-ST1-10000000030e0b36″ ]
Support continues to pour in for one little girl with a simple Christmas wish .
Eight-year-old Sa'fyre Terry of Schenectady , New York , lost their family two years ago in a fire police say was intentionally set . They survived with severe burns to their face , and lost their right hand and foot as a result of their injuries .
What they really wanted this holiday season is Christmas cards from around the world , a family friend said in a recent Facebook post .
On Monday , Terry was told they were going to a party for their cousins , but it turned out to be a surprise for her : they were getting a trip to Walt Disney World .
This all started when their aunt , Liz Dolder , bought them a Christmas tree on which to hang cards . Sa'fyre decided they wanted to fill the tree with as many cards as they could get .
The Facebook post from family friend Kevin Clark was shared tens of thousands of times and a crowdfunding page set up for Sa'fyre and the Dolder family raised hundreds of thousands .
Cards have been coming in in droves : nearly 190,000 pieces of mail as of Monday .
If you 'd like to send a card , here 's the address :
Sa'fyre Terry
P.O . Box 6126
Schenectady , NY 12306
You have to give it to Colorado . The state 's voters legalized recreational marijuana in 2012 , transforming the popular stuff from a prohibited vice to a substance that could be produced , bought and sold without the hassle of hiding dealings from the authorities and the fear of arrest for voluntary transactions . Yet the marijuana black market is still going strong over four years later , with many sellers and customers willing to take a chance on legal consequences rather than make a risk-free deal .
Maintaining a profitable black market for a perfectly legal product is quite an accomplishment . But never fear , Colorado lawmakers have a plan—they 're moving to ban marijuana advertisements by unlicensed vendors . That should learn 'em .
Except… Given the history of illegal dealings that have prospered even in the absence of Craigslist postings , that 's probably not going to do the trick . It does n't even begin to address the driving force behind the black market , which is taxes so sky high and regulations so burdensome that they make legal pot uncompetitive .
`` An ounce of pot on the black market can cost as little as 180 dollars , '' according to PBS correspondent Rick Karr . `` At the store Andy Williams owns , you have to pay around 240 dollars for an ounce . That 's partly because the price includes a 15 percent excise tax , a 10 percent marijuana tax , the state sales tax , and Denver 's marijuana sales tax . ''
Colorado also piles on expensive regulatory requirements to get a license , and bars people with criminal records from the business . So , if you do n't have the money and legal savvy to cut through the red tape , and were caught selling marijuana before it was legalized , you ca n't deal in the stuff—within the law .
`` Regulations support those that have access to wealth , '' says marijuana activist Larisa Bolivar . `` And middle and lower classes do n't have access to wealth . I ca n't just go and ask my dad , 'Hey , can I have $ 20,000 for licensing and application fees ? ' You know ? And then 'Can I get a million dollars to get a property ? ' ''
High taxes and regulations encourage black markets in legal goods ? But why would state officials know that ? How could they ever predict that harassing a market with tax collectors and inspectors instead of cops would keep people underground ?
Maybe…because their own experts told them so ?
`` Rational consumer behavior theory would predict that consumers would choose to buy marijuana from a licensed medical or retail center if the price is comparable to illicit source prices , '' an advisory report prepared by academics and business consultants for the state suggested in 2014 . But `` If the price of regulated marijuana remains high , as it has in early 2014 , black-market production could continue if it could compete with the regulated market on price . ''
But even before that , there may have been a hint , here and there , that piling regulations and taxes on a `` legal '' market is a very effective way of driving business into the shadows . Even confining ourselves to the world of stuff you set on fire and inhale , we can see that higher taxes mean more black market cigarettes and lower taxes mean fewer . 13.5 percent of cigarettes sold in Colorado are sourced on the black market , according to 2013 figures from the Mackinac Center for Public Policy and the Tax Foundation . By comparison , New York , which piles $ 4.35 in taxes on every pack of smokes ( with more added in New York City ) , in contrast to the $ 0.84 in Colorado , sees 58 percent of the cigarettes sold in the state smuggled from elsewhere . `` One consequence of high state cigarette tax rates has been increased smuggling , '' the groups point out .
The traffic in booze is another legal market habitually afflicted by politicians with high taxes and burdensome red tape .
`` Conservatively , illegal importation of alcohol into Michigan strips the State of at least $ 14 million each year , '' the Michigan Liquor Control Commission estimated in 2007 , in an extended complaint about consumers dodging high taxes . Lower-tax neighboring states were named by officials as sources of adult beverages smuggled to avoid Michigan 's excessive government take .
Illinois officials also complain about state residents evading their tax regime with black market purchases . Tellingly , they 've managed to make `` a six-bottle case of vodka that costs $ 167 in Indiana costs $ 226 in Illinois and is $ 18 more than that in Cook County , '' according to one press report , and they play at being shocked that they have fueled a thriving illicit trade .
Illinois and Michigan also impose rules that raise costs and reduce competition—which sounds like a trial run for Colorado 's marijuana market . There 's really no excuse for officials in the Centennial State to feign surprise . They 're adopting policies that have been tried before , and getting exactly the same results .
So , they 're learning , right ?
Dream on . We 're talking about politicians here . Governor John Hickenlooper wants to increase the marijuana sales tax from 10 percent from 8 percent .
`` It seems kind of odd that at the same time they 're trying to do something about the black and gray markets they 're going to ratchet up the taxes and drive more people to the black and gray markets , '' state Sen. Pat Steadman ( D-Denver ) commented .
Steadman should know ; they pushed for marijuana taxes in the past .
And those high taxes , along with burdensome regulations , are a big reason why Colorado 's marijuana black market continues to hum along in such good health—and is likely to do so well into the future .
Mitt Romney – the US Republican Party presidential candidate known for their broadsides against Russia – has little chance of beating President Barack Obama in the November elections , the head of the Duma 's International Affairs Committee said .
­ “ Romney 's chances of beating Obama do n't look very convincing , ” Alexei Pushkov told reporters as the US presidential campaign starts to turn ugly .
Pushkov cited recent polls showing Romney , 65 , trailing far behind Obama by a margin of almost 15 percent .
The head of the International Affairs Committee faults Romney , along with their running mate Paul Ryan , for wanting to continue the hawkish policies of the Bush administration .
`` The program of the Romney-Ryan tandem announced this week is actually the second edition of the foreign policy of the [ George W. ] Bush administration , which failed to deliver on American leadership , '' Pushkov said .
They told the press conference that the Bush administration , `` got stuck in Iraq , and failed to win the war in Afghanistan. ” As a result of these failures , “ by the end of their second presidential term their popularity rating was below 30 percent , '' they said .
Romney , in an effort to attract votes in a divisive presidential season that resembles mud wrestling at a roadside café , launched another salvo of rhetorical rockets at Russia last week .
“ Under my administration , our friends will see more loyalty , and…Putin will see a little less flexibility and more backbone , ” Romney told an enthusiastic crowd at the Republican National Convention in Tampa , Florida , last week .
In March , Romney criticized the Democratic incumbent for being ‘ soft ' on the Kremlin , which they described as America 's `` greatest geopolitical foe . ''
Romney 's presidential nomination speech , which portrayed the Obama administration as conceding to a ‘ reset ' with the Kremlin in order to pass an arms reduction treaty , also pushed hard for a US missile defense shield in Eastern Europe – without Russia 's participation .
This criticism of the Obama administration , however , seems a bit misplaced since Washington continues to deny Russia 's participation in the missile defense program . Meanwhile , Moscow has issued repeated warnings tthat the construction of a missile shield in former Warsaw Pact territory could trigger another arms race .
Pushkov compared Romney 's harsh rhetoric to former GOP presidential candidate John McCain , who lost against Obama in the 2008 elections . They believe that Romney is a voice for some American voters who are troubled by the prospects of global power shifting steadily eastward .
`` Romney is now trying to play on the deep frustration of part of US public troubled by the fact that the center of power , primarily economic , is increasingly shifting to China , i.e . from the Western world to Asia , '' they said .
`` The slogan that America should rule the world is long outdated . … Bush , Jr. and McCain did not realize that , and now Romney . ”
The Duma official argued that Romney 's inflexible remarks on Russia show all the hallmarks of George W. Bush 's eight years in power : `` Washington in that period appeared tough , attempting to impose their terms on Moscow , which included an imbalanced approach to missile defense in Eastern Europe , together with lessons on democracy and human rights . ''
Pushkov 's comparison between Romney and Bush recalls President Vladimir Putin 's speech at the Munich security conference in 2007 , midway through Bush 's second term in office .
`` The United States has overstepped its borders in all spheres – economic , political and humanitarian , and has imposed itself on other states , '' Putin said during the conference . “ We are increasingly concerned by this…hyper use of force . ''
In Pushkov 's opinion , Romney will be a regular critic of Putin , as was typical of Bush 's second term in office , when the globe-spanning ‘ War on Terror ' was fully underway ..
Pushkov also ridiculed Romney 's suggestion that Russians “ deserve something better ” than Putin 's leadership .
`` Romney intends to return to the criticism that suggests the Russian people deserve something better . But we had this `` better '' in the 1990s when the economic collapse occurred , when child mortality soared 40-fold , and the life expectancy of males dropped to 56 years , '' Pushkov said .
Romney 's policies will find little support outside of America 's radical right wing , they added .
Pushkov argued that a Romney victory would hurt Washington more than Moscow , since the US needs Russia 's support on a variety of issues .
`` In the case of a Romney victory , the deterioration of bilateral relations will cost America much more than Russia , ” they said . “ Because after admission to the WTO , this country does not need the support of the White House very much , while Americans need Moscow 's support on Iran , Afghanistan , North Korea and on the question of nuclear nonproliferation . ''
US politicians regularly play the ‘ Russia card ' during campaign season , a game that could eventually do irreparable damage to Russia-US relations . Due in part to this and similar saber-rattling , America 's political pendulum has swung severely to the right over the past decade . Eight years of Neoconservative-led military expansionism under the Bush II administration only accelerated this trend .
Given Romney 's criticism of Obama 's handling of Russia – which has been anything but amicable – one wonders what the Republican contender would do differently if they were to win the White House in November .
As Pushkov 's comments show , Moscow has no desire to find out if Romney 's rhetoric is real or not .
Robert Bridge , RT
Army Col. Greg Julian told the Miami Herald the feeding would continue following the policy of the Federal Bureau of Prisons . `` We will not let the detainees die , '' they said . The problem is , the detainees are n't in prison . And that is why beyond respecting the holy month by waiting till nightfall to ram a tube filled with nutritious goo into their bodies , a tougher legal question remains . The government ca n't argue it must keep the men alive in order to punish them . All four men were cleared for release in 2010 . They are Ahmed Belbacha and Nabil Hadjarab — both from Algeria — Abu Wa'el Dhiab of Syria , and Shaker Aamer , a Saudi with family in Great Britain .
`` Their detention and their force-feeding has nothing to do with military necessity , '' the men 's lawyers say in the court filings . `` Their detention is solely a function of a political stalemate between the president and the Congress .... There can not be a legitimate penological interest in force-feeding petitioners to prolong their indefinite detention ... It facilitates the violation of a fundamental human right . The very notion of it is grotesque . ''
Eighty-six men were cleared for release three years ago , but 56 of them could n't leave , because they were from Yemen . The U.S. had barred the detainees from being sent back there until Obama said he 'd end that ban in May ( several bureaucratic hurdles remain ) . The men remain in the camp because no one in Congress or the Obama administration wants to be blamed if they 're released and inexplicably take up arms against the nation that 's treated them so well for so many years .
( Above , a shackled detainee reads during their `` Life Skills '' class in 2010 . )
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Pumpkins make everything better .
This week has n't seen many updates , but I 've still been hard at work – although some of that hard work may have included backpacking through the mountains .
When I did get back in front of the keyboard , most of the time was spent on the mundane fixes that I ca n't take screenshots of – bug and crash fixes , minor enhancements to the user interface , and tweaks to game balance .
However I did add a slew of new crops that can be grown in fields , and you can see one of them is pumpkins . I also added new plants that can be gathered from the forest . This coming week I 'll be adding more fruit trees that can be planted in orchards and possibly some more creatures that wander the forest…
I 've also made some big additions to trading , allowing the player to setup automatic trades anytime a merchant stops by as well as being able to place custom orders for goods with the merchants .
Toilet gibes spur Warriors to rethink Mission Bay arena design
Original design of Golden State Warriors planned Mission Bay arena had critics saying it resembled a toilet . Original design of Golden State Warriors planned Mission Bay arena had critics saying it resembled a toilet . Photo : M & r / Manica Architecture Photo : M & r / Manica Architecture Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Toilets gibes spur Warriors to rethink Mission Bay arena design 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
The Golden State Warriors have given their planned Mission Bay arena a design do-over intended to make everyone forget about an earlier set of drawings in which the 18,000-seat venue looked very much like a toilet .
Gone is much of the rectangular viewing deck that , when coupled with the oval arena , gave the overhead view of the place the appearance of a giant toilet seat with the lid down . The deck has been shaved down to about half its old size , dropped about 13 feet below the roofline and given a sweeping curve .
“ We are trying to flush the toilet bowl forever out of people 's consciousness , ” said Warriors arena consultant Jesse Blout .
Instead , it looks more like an old Discman CD player , less likely to be the butt of humor .
The jokes over the old initial design , unveiled in September , went viral . On Sports Illustrated 's website , one fan said it looked like “ half George Foreman Grill , half airplane toilet . ”
The team 's designers with the firms Manica Architecture and Snøhetta quickly went back to the drawing board , coming up with new sketches they plan to present Thursday to the Mission Bay Citizens Advisory Committee . The neighborhood group has been asked by the city to help steer the planning process for the $ 1 billion arena , retail and office development .
The new design also calls for a pair of 160-foot-tall office buildings , a central plaza larger than Union Square , and lots of ground-floor restaurants and other retail .
P.J . Johnston , a spokesperson for the Warriors , said the team hopes to break ground by next fall and open the arena in time for the 2018-19 season . They said the Warriors would honor the local hiring and labor deals they agreed to when the team was still contemplating building its arena on Piers 30-32 .
Some boosters of the neighboring new UCSF Medical Center are grumbling about the effect the arena will have on parking and traffic in Mission Bay . But do n't count on the hospital pushing back too hard .
The Warriors have a deal to buy the 12-acre arena site from Salesforce , whose CEO , Marc Benioff , is one of UCSF 's biggest benefactors . Just days before the Warriors announced they were moving to the new site , Benioff gave UCSF another $ 50 million for its Children 's Hospital in Oakland .
On board : No sooner was they sworn on Monday than newly elected BART board member Nick Josefowitz circulated an ad for a legislative director to help them with their official duties — something no other director has .
And here 's a twist : Josefowitz is offering to pay for the aide himself .
“ It 's going to be odd — nobody in my experience at BART has done that before , ” said BART board President Joel Keller .
Josefowitz 's job listing says they are looking for a “ an exempt , at-will ” legislative director — i.e. , nonunion — “ to drive a transformative policy agenda to make BART an innovative and sustainable transportation leader . ”
He 's seeking someone with a “ graduate degree in public policy , law , business or related field . ”
No salary has been set , but Josefowitz told us Tuesday that they expect to pay a bit less than the $ 82,000-a-year starting salary that aides to San Francisco supervisors earn .
Josefowitz , who made a fortune in the clean-energy business , spent nearly $ 200,000 of their own money to win election to a job that pays about $ 18,000 annually . They ousted 24-year incumbent James Fang .
“ I 'm putting my money where my mouth is , ” Josefowitz said , by hiring someone who can help deliver on their campaign promises for cleaner BART stations and other rider-friendly changes .
Josefowitz says they spoke to a number of fellow BART directors about their hire , “ and they did n't seem to have a problem with it . ”
And finally : Our column Monday about those roving bands of female thieves in colorful clothing — known to police and their victims in fashionable Union Square stores as the “ Rainbow Girls ” — did n't sit well with the South Bay 's Virginia Dunn .
“ As an adult leader to a local assembly of the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls in San Jose , I am appalled , ” Dunn told us in an e-mail . “ To use our name ... for thieves is unconscionable . Our girls , Rainbow Girls , do community service ” — including raising money for the Shriners ' learning development centers .
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays , Mondays and Wednesdays . Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news . They can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip ? Call ( 415 ) 777-8815 , or e-mail matierandross @ sfchronicle.com . Twitter : @ matierandross
A pizza topped with meat and vegetables had a concerning amount of phthalates . Credit : Peter Stoop It reported one sample of fresh , savoury , `` fancy '' bread contained 347 per cent more than the limit . And in samples tested for the phthalate DINP , Food Standards found a takeaway hamburger sample had 14mg a kilo and a pizza topped with meat and vegetables had 16mg a kilo - both exceeding `` tolerable daily intake '' levels . `` Consuming 0.6kg of either of these foods daily would be sufficient to reach the [ tolerable daily intake ] , '' the report said . In animal studies DEHP has been linked with testicular toxicity in rats while DINP has been shown to affect the liver and kidney in rats , the report says .
FSANZ found half of 30 packaging chemicals studied were at detectable levels in food . Credit : Wayne Taylor Overall , Food Standards found half of the 30 chemicals it tested for , including bisphenol A ( BPA ) , epoxidised soybean oil ( ESBO ) and phthalates , were at detectable levels `` above the limit of reporting '' . Steve McCutcheon , Food Standards chief executive , said the Australian Total Diet Study into chemical migration from packaging into food detected very low residues of some chemicals in a small number of samples . Four out of six hamburgers tested had worrying levels of the phthalate DEHP . `` After undertaking a very conservative safety assessment on these very low levels , FSANZ has concluded there are no safety concerns , '' they said .
`` The screening study identified that further work was required for two of the chemicals tested for [ phthalates ] and FSANZ will be sampling a wider range of foods for these chemicals so a full dietary exposure assessment can be undertaken . '' Phthalates ( pronounced with a silent 'ph ' ) , or plasticisers , are also used in various solvents , coatings and adhesives . They can be found in PVC tubing , gaskets , cling wraps , printing inks , paper and cardboard packaging and laminated aluminium foil . Experts have urged pregnant women to avoid phthalates after a University of Michigan study published in the medical journal JAMA Pediatrics found increased levels of some phthalates in urine during pregnancy correlated with higher odds of premature birth . Catherine Itman , a research lecturer in physiology at the University of the Sunshine Coast , said Food Standards ' results were `` potentially concerning '' , considering the conclusions of various animal studies . `` However , we must recognise firstly that we are exposed to phthalates from many different sources , so it must be considered whether the phthalates present in some foods do substantially contribute to our overall phthalate exposure , '' they said .
`` Secondly , we actually have very little direct information about the human health impacts of phthalates , as most toxicology studies have been performed using concentrations that do not reflect typical exposure levels and our knowledge of the effects of exposure to combinations of phthalates or phthalates plus other chemicals is wholly inadequate , '' they said . `` Until more is known , we should be been cautious with regard to how much phthalate exposure we consider to be acceptable . '' Dr Itman , who also holds a conjoint appointment at the University of Newcastle , said until more studies were done , it would be wise to be cautious . They also questioned whether Food Standards ' `` watching brief '' was sufficient . Ian Musgrave , a senior pharmacology lecturer at the University of Adelaide , said in regards to DEHP and DINP , further studies would be undertaken as well as consultation with industry to ensure reduced levels . `` Even so , the risks identified were low . In the case of DINP , out of 48 foods tested , high levels were found in a single sample of peanut butter , one hamburger and one pizza , '' they said .
`` You would need to consume 200g of that peanut butter or 0.6kg of that pizza daily to exceed the tolerable daily intake level . '' In Australia , the onus for the safety of food contact materials is on manufacturers and retailers . Regulations are much stricter in the United States , the European Union and Canada . Professor Ian Rae , honorary professorial fellow at the University of Melbourne , said the levels of packaging chemicals in Australian foods were shown to be very low by international standards and mostly below levels of concern set by the European Union . `` Canny manufacturers can see the way the winds are blowing . They are seeking alternatives , but we are not there yet and of course there are some laggards , '' they said . `` Although it 's not always easy to replace a custom-designed chemical , experience shows that it 's usually possible , even if a small cost increase is involved . ''
In 2014 , Fairfax Media reported that 80 per cent of food and packaging companies surveyed by Food Standards said packaging rules under the code were `` inadequate '' , `` minimalistic at best '' and `` largely irrelevant '' , sparking fears among public safety advocates .
A terrorism analyst for CNN said that the recent spate of terrorist attacks could be due to `` two or three lone wolves who somehow got together . '' David Rohde , who is also an editor at Reuters , joined CNN host Carol Costello Monday morning .
Costello noted it was odd that ISIS claimed responsibility for the stabbing in Minnesota , but not the attacks in new Jersey and New York . Rohde agreed that `` it 's odd . ''
`` You would think that ISIS would sort of leap at the chance to get credit for this , '' said Rohde . `` So there 's a chance that ISIS is not directing the cell in New York . Again there has been this , you know , we 've seen this stream of attacks and it can be , you know , two or three lone wolves who somehow got together and radicalized online . To be fair , and the important thing is not to alarm people , we do n't know . ''
Senior writer Steve Hayes was left wondering exactly how terrorists working together could be considered `` lone wolves . ''
This post was authored by Paul Beshouri .
Been looking to buy some Mies Van Der Rohe-designed architecture ? How about two whole identical towers ? The foreclosed Lafayette Towers and their 584 total apartments will be sold to the highest bidder on July 18th . With that announcement , the Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) also released a document titled “ Invitation to Bid , ” an 80-page monster that lays out exactly what you 're agreeing to when you drop your name in the hat to bid .
And whoa ! `` Winning '' the bid comes with over $ 10 million in HUD-required repairs that must be completed within 18 months of purchase . In fact , all of the terms are remarkably good news for the no-luck Lafayette Towers and their residents .
First and foremost , the Lafayette Towers are in worse shape than we thought . The HUD estimates the total cost of repairs at $ 10,097,714 , and they back that estimate up with an impressively specific list of exactly where your millions would go . Listed issues range from hilariously tiny fixes ( units 1301-1402 need new peepholes ) to the unimaginable task of replacing every single bathtub . ( Where is the used bathtub graveyard that is going to take this call ? )
But the HUD does not trust you , new buyer . Not one bit . So you 'll be required to deposit just over $ 2.5 million in an escrow account that can be tapped to complete repairs on which you are slacking . How will they know if you 're slacking ? You 'll be sending them quarterly progress reports detailing all of your work , pictures included .
Will a buyer/hero emerge to bring the Lafayette Towers back to their glory days ? Until one does , it 's a relief to know that the HUD is n't interested in any cheap fixes . Detroit 's prized architecture deserves an owner/operator that will treat it well . Here 's hoping we learned something from the Northern Group 's design crimes .
If you 're a resident , definitely check out this list firsthand . There are some things you 'll want to know about pronto . The chipping black paint on the parking garage rails , for example , contains lead .
· Mies Detroit [ Facebook Page ]
· Mies Detroit [ Official ]
· Lafayette Towers info on HUD [ HUD ]
· Mies You Much [ Supergay Detroit ]
· The Official Lafayette Towers Foreclosure Notice To Residents [ Curbed Detroit ]
Simeone 's charges were beaten for the first time in 11 matches on Sunday , when Levante won 2-0 to strike a blow to the Madrid side 's quest to be crowned Spanish champions for the first time since 1996 .
Despite that loss , Atletico 's destiny remains very much in their own hands going into the final two games , although Real Madrid and Barcelona are still in with a shout of winning the title .
Simeone believes their squad are enjoying the excitement that has come with this season 's title race , stating that they see winning the title as a responsibility rather than a pressure .
`` We 're in for three weeks of excitement . We have to take it in our stride and keep working well . It 's less an adrenaline rush and more a feeling of vertigo , '' Marca quote the former Argentina midfielder as saying .
`` I experienced it a lot during my playing career and it 's a feeling we like and are enjoying . You should always believe and we do .
`` What we 're doing is a responsibility . We do n't see these weeks in terms of pressure : we 're taking them as a challenge that we have to rise to . ''
Simeone also called for caution after the defeat to Levante , which came on a weekend where none of the top three picked up maximum points .
The former Inter and Lazio man , who has also guided their side to a UEFA Champions League final against city rivals Real , is relishing being in such a strong position so late in the season .
`` We 're in an ideal situation and we 'd have all taken it if we 'd been offered it at the beginning of the season , '' they added .
`` The facts speak for themselves : we lost to Levante but it 's still in our hands . We have to be strong . ''
Atleti are three points clear of Barcelona , with Carlo Ancelotti 's Real side are two points further back with a game in hand - at Real Valladolid on Wednesday .
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger insists their current side care as much for the club as the famous names they have previously managed at the London outfit .
The Gunners lost 2-1 at Chelsea on Sunday after a poor first-half display and are seven points behind fourth-placed Tottenham in the Premier League .
When asked if their team cared as much as Arsenal legends Tony Adams , Martin Keown , Patrick Vieira and Thierry Henry , Wenger said : `` Of course .
`` They care as much , if not more . ''
The consistency of our performances within the game is what is worrying Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger
They added : `` People have the right to criticise when the games do n't go as well as you want but I can show you games of the players you spoke about [ and ] I can tell you some bad starts [ from them ] as well , believe me .
`` I can show you some goals where you can see where they were not completely untouchable . That happened to them as well . ''
Wenger said they were calm at the gap between their side and the all-important Champions League-qualifying fourth place in the top flight with Wednesday 's game against West Ham in hand , although they did admit to concerns over their team 's form after two league defeats on the trot .
`` The position we are in now is a little bit back-to-the wall and we have to respond , '' said the Frenchman . `` I 'm confident that we will but the team was very down after the Chelsea game .
`` It [ West Ham ] is a very important game for us .
`` What is worrying is that we do not win the big games and , at the moment , we do not get the results we want . That is more worrying than the difference of points [ from fourth ] , which mathematically is not dramatic .
`` But the consistency of our performances within the game is what is worrying . ''
React App SDK
Konstantin Tarkus Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 26 , 2016
A couple days ago I launched a new development productivity tool that 's oriented towards front-end developers working with React and Webpack . The goal of this project is to save you from dealing with often cumbersome build configurations and automation scripts in favor of just a single dev dependency . So , now the package.json file in your front-end project may look as simple as follows :
{
`` private '' : true ,
`` dependencies '' : {
`` react '' : `` ^15.2.1 '' ,
`` react-dom '' : `` ^15.2.1 '' ,
`` react-app '' : `` ^1.1.1 '' , // < --
} ,
`` devDependencies '' : {
`` react-app-tools '' : `` ^1.1.1 '' , // < --
} ,
`` scripts '' : {
`` build '' : `` react-app build '' ,
`` start '' : `` react-app run '' ,
}
}
As opposed to create-react-app tool released by Facebook , this one is shipped with a bunch of useful tools commonly used in the front-end community — Redux , CSS Modules , HMR , React Hot Loader , code splitting , async chunk loading and more . The source of of React App SDK is available on GitHub published under the MIT license :
How to Get Started
Make sure that you have Node.js v6 ( or newer ) installed on your development machine as well as react-app npm module , then create a new folder for your project and run ` react-app new ` + ` react-app run ` from a console :
$ npm install -g react-app
$ react-app new
$ react-app run
The run command will compile your web app from source files with Webpack and launch a development server powered by Browsersync and HMR + React Hot Loader .
If you need to just build the project without launching it , run : react-app build .
Pretty simple , huh ?
Escape Hatch
If for some reason down the road you 'll find yourself not happy with the defaults provided by this tool , you can always fork react-app repo , modify and use that instead of the original react-app-tools npm module .
Customization
With the upcoming version of this tool you will be able to easily customize Babel , Webpack , Browsersync etc . configuration as well as to add/remove/modify automation scripts ( tasks ) . Stay tuned !
Feedback
I 'd love to hear your feedback and ideas how to make this tool better . Feel free to get in touch on Twitter or Skype . If you like this project , please share you love by tweeting about it . Thanks !
President Donald Trump is finally closing their charity organization , but they ca n't quite wrap it up just yet . The New York Attorney General 's Office is still investigating The Trump Foundation for self-dealing .
“ As the foundation is still under investigation by this office , it can not legally dissolve until that investigation is complete , ” AG spokesperson Amy Spitalnick told NBC in a Monday report .
The outlet broke the news that the organization is preparing for the beginning of the end . Trump promised in December to shut it down in order to squash conflict of interest problems .
“ The Foundation continues to cooperate with the New York Attorney General 's Charities Division , and as previously announced by the President , their advisers are working with the Charities Division to wind up the affairs of the Foundation , ” a Foundation spokesperson told NBC . “ The Foundation looks forward to distributing its remaining assets at the earliest possible time to aid numerous worthy charitable organizations . ”
The Trump Foundation has n't collected money since New York AG Eric Schneiderman ordered them in October 2016 to stop .
[ Screengrab via CNN ]
Gi Nattak Site Owner
Posts : 804 Version 1.6 is out !
DL : http : //www.mediafire.com/download/vtt9w97c4nplly0/RotDS+v1.6.smc or the zip package : http : //www.ff6hacking.com/Patches/FFVI_ROTDS.zip readme/credits : http : //www.ff6hacking.com/Patches/readme_credits.txt change log : http : //www.ff6hacking.com/Patches/change_log.txt
( same links as always ) Changes include : - implemented a difficulty selection feature upon new game or new game + each difficulty effects monster stats , character HP & MP growth , seperate experience curves , and monster AI alterations . ( thanks and credit to Madsiur ) - re-balanced many monsters as a result of this new difficulty selection . - alphabetized the Spirit ( Rage ) menu . ( thanks to assassin for the original code ) - replaced the FF7 Boss Theme with a much better version by Jackimus . ( thanks and credit to Jackimus ) - fixed a pricing bug with the White Cape . - fixed an issue with guest characters showing up over Otis sprite in the event of going to Zuriel 's Tower . - fixed a possible boss skip issue in Kefka 's Tower , from the original game . - fixed a bug with True Knight Relic function neglecting the characters that act as monsters . ( thanks to a patch by assassin ) - fixed a small NPC issue with the hermit looking to the right for a split second when they should just face down . - fixed a bad palette for palette 6 characters on the Dream Shrine map ( Sealed Gate ) . - fixed an NPC who did not do their automated walking script after an event in Jericho ( flower girl ) . - fixed an issue of Reaper becoming Mr. Grimm in the Dream Shrine Train battle by removing Mr. Grimm from it . - MP costing weapons now scale based on character level . ( thanks and credit to Synchysi ) - nerfed Ronan 's Wolf Wind and Ice Blast spells - Ice Blast no longer ignores split damage but is a bit stronger , Wolf Wind damage nerfed a bit . - replaced a couple songs , and touched up a few . - raised Havoc skill hit % a bit . - corrected a couple Spirit ( Rage ) descriptions . - changed Catastrophe 's regular animation to resemble most of the removed custom Break spell . - Arc 's Talisman relic now protects against Condemned status , & 50 % damage reduction from Holy element . - Holy Amulet now blocks holy element , but weak to poison element . - Specter dance spell inflicts Condemned status now as well . - Monster spell Primal Rage inflicts Berserk now instead of Slow . - re-worked monster palettes , now there are no duplicate/shared monster palettes at all . - Cloud can now equip heavy armor . - added nine new monsters : Assassin , Polong , Kelpie , Biter , Mugger , Elder Dragon , Ice Demon , Dark Crystal , Ghostbiker . - changed a couple treasures inside the Magitek Factory . - changed a few monster names . - changed the name of Magi Ring to Oracle Ring . And please be sure to take a look in the 'extra ' folder that is included in the hack package , especially the character artwork & info pages done by James White , for they are incredible and awesome ! The rest of the instruction manual that 's in the works will be done at a later time . There was a possible bug reported with FuSoYa 's spell list going crazy with the spell % right around the Floating Continent , but I was unable to replicate it after much testing , so I 'm just going to release this and should it become a thing I 'll get back on that . Please enjoy this awesome update and especially the difficulty selection ! Thanks be to James White , Madsiur , and Jackimus for helping out & putting in work for this update ! And also Synchysi for sharing some code dealing with the MP costing weapons . Smile Please keep me/us posted how it goes , I did a bunch of testing but this was a pretty large update . Thanks .
--
August 22 , 2016 at 9:48 PM Flag Quote & Reply
break Member
Posts : 34 Awesome , ca n't wait to try this out ! !
I was never able to reproduce the `` FuSoYa '' spell bug ... but then again i have had issues with Zsnes in the past and only use Snes9x now .
* for Windows 10 SNES emulation *
Looking forward to the easier difficulty and new music ^_^ ''
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Woooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ( goodbye life )
August 23 , 2016 at 10:25 AM Flag Quote & Reply
break Member
Posts : 34 Man , currently playing on `` Casual '' ... but I keep getting killed by Gilgamesh on the cave 's bridge .
Never really had a problem with them in previous builds ... but once they power up and casts Shell , Protect , and throws items for 400 damage i ca n't revive and heal my party before i see the game over screen .
What level should I be at before fighting them ?
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Are you supposed to be able to beat Olbohn on the first train visit ? That fight was endless with their regen ... I tried twice with everyone at lvl 13 and ran out of items and MP both times , gave up trying ... ca n't imagine this early on the chest contained anything super awesome though
August 24 , 2016 at 7:13 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 And , was I underleveled at 14 for the Phantom Train fight ? Because Goddamn that was difficult . I remember that fight being hard but not damn near impossible ... whew . I 'm on 'medium ' mode and that fight seemed pretty brutal , watching my confused characters seneselessly die after 15 minutes of fighting . Maybe I was missing some trick or strategy though .
August 24 , 2016 at 8:21 PM Flag Quote & Reply
flarenial Member
Posts : 43 I know that diferent experience curves are mentioned , but I am curious about something in casual mode . I 've noticed so far that characters are getting levels way sooner than their status/experience indicates , such as Aurora leveling with 1000+ experience to go , but then leveling while getting 50 exp . Is this part of the intended exp curve for casual or is this a bug ?
--
August 24 , 2016 at 11:40 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Have found Aurora atop Zozo around 12.5 hours gametime . Should be logging loads more progress tonight . Damn that Yeti fight , even after I grinded was still tough ...
August 25 , 2016 at 6:32 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Gi Nattak Site Owner
Posts : 804 flarenial at August 24 , 2016 at 11:40 PM I know that diferent experience curves are mentioned , but I am curious about something in casual mode . I 've noticed so far that characters are getting levels way sooner than their status/experience indicates , such as Aurora leveling with 1000+ experience to go , but then leveling while getting 50 exp . Is this part of the intended exp curve for casual or is this a bug ?
There is a bug actually with the status screen that was brought to my attention today , where it only accuratly reads the Medium difficulty . Luckily Madsiur spotted this and already sent a fix for that to me so I will have it fixed up this weekend .
--
August 25 , 2016 at 8:00 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Question about Aurora 's morph mechanic - does it get longer , or shorter , depending on how much or how often you use it ? Or do they always stay morphed the same amount of time regardless ?
At the FuSoYa fire house portion about 19 hours in ...
August 27 , 2016 at 7:03 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Gi Nattak Site Owner
Posts : 804 I 'm pretty sure it ( Morph ) has a fixed value for the duration now , which is different from the original yeah .
And awesome ! Lem me know if FuSoYa 's spell % s messes up for you at any time please .
--
August 27 , 2016 at 8:06 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 I will let you know about FOOYA ! if I see anything . So far so good . Oboro retains their Esper if equipped with one after the fire house scene , which in my case limited my ability to learn Cura because they had Sylph . Not a big deal , just pointing it out . On the way to the Floating Continent , you pick FuSoYa plus two members , but ca n't access the menu before the first fight ... so if you unequip all members ( like somebody did ) haha ...
Managed to snag a Chrono Helm from the 'sseum before heading up ! Onward ...
August 27 , 2016 at 9:17 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Starsail Eclipse acquired about 26:00 in much earlier today - have to say I think JCT3000E guy could use some buffing , he 's fast , and immune/absorb to lots , but if you are simply patient I did n't find this fight too hard without having done much of WoR yet , but maybe thats by design . Gave them a test poke thinking I would get whooped and about 10 minutes or so later I was still comfortably there and down they went . Was a little surprised . Santa 's shop , Dino Forest , Fraust on to-do list before Phoenix Cave . Onward !
August 28 , 2016 at 8:27 PM Flag Quote & Reply
flarenial Member
Posts : 43 I 've found something very small , but kind of odd . And not very sure if it 's just completely coincidental or if it 's a number of factors . In the narshe battle for the esper , whenever a specific group encounteres the 4 enemies , with the 2 dog things on front line that turns invisible , whenever they turn invisible , it causes a minor in-battle graphical glitch . ( occured over several battles ) The only party this happened to was made up of Cloud , Serin , and Mog . Like I said , not sure if it 's just some strange coincidence , or some random isolated thing , or if several things make this happen . Never experienced this previously , and also as said is just a small graphical glitch that fixes itself after battle is over . On a related note , and still not sure if it 's coincidence , but on the same group when the knights cast vanish on themselves , i use serins aether to make it go visible , and if cloud follows up with omni slash , it seems accuracy/evasion is affected somehow , as 12 out of 12 omnislash strikes missed in a row
--
August 28 , 2016 at 9:10 PM Flag Quote & Reply
flarenial Member
Posts : 43 and not sure if it makes any difference or if you are worried about it at all , but the specific order of above said problem has cloud in slot 1 , serin in 3 and mog in 4. no cheats of any kind have been used , only the speed-up button
--
August 28 , 2016 at 9:13 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Woo ! ColdFang battle - Fantastic bout . One of my favorite fights thus far ( what song is that ? ) and , just a small question , is there anyway to undo their 'omni ' confuse spell ? Because striking , digestol , esuna , and dispel did not work ... pretty sure , but I 'm okay with that , it 's just you figure you have to be able to un confu a char somehow ( usually ) . Great fight , and great song though -
August 28 , 2016 at 9:33 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 GOOBZ ( Golbez ) has fireball learned at 08 % ( not 8 % but 08 % on screen ) I noticed this in the Phoenix Cave when I went to unfreeze party members and they did n't have fireball learned , yet shock , icicle and all their other spells seemed to be there . Not a big deal , just gave them Iffit and am curious to see what transpires , but thought I would point this out . Might be because I got them early ? ? Have n't recruited Oboro , FuSoYa , Elko yet . And not sure where the 08 % came from because they have not had any fire learning esper equiped .
August 29 , 2016 at 6:40 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Gi Nattak Site Owner
Posts : 804 Ah shoot thought that weird issue with Golbez 's Fireball % got fixed . It is a strange one , I should be able to squash it though by just having them re-learn it upon recruitment there , but , I think that 's what I did already lol . But I 'll look into it . Oh and the esper being kept on Oboro is kinda unfair , I can have them be emptied so I 'll do that for the next imminent update . Also will take a look into that strange issue flarenial , thanks for the detailed reports guys .
Oh and that song for the Ice Dragon is the boss theme for Sword of Mana . I agree it is a nice song and pretty fitting for the Ice Dragon imo . It was one that I heard late into v1.6 things to do , and had to get it in the hack !
--
August 29 , 2016 at 11:06 PM Flag Quote & Reply
Webbhead08 Member
Posts : 81 Is there any where in the WoR you can buy Vampbraces ? I checked every single town and did not see them for sale in any of the relic stores .
This is really a precursor to greater Colosseum questions - I won myself a Cosmos Ring but ca n't remember how I did it ( unless maybe I bought one at the auction house ... ? ) and since I have no vampbraces , and can find none , I am wondering if the Vampbrace eventually led to the Cosmos Ring .
I also ca n't remember where I find the Gamma sword , outside of winning one at the Colosseum . Wrapping things up before the final run , or at least trying to ...
August 31 , 2016 at 8:41 PM Flag Quote & Reply
lordalexander74 Member
Posts : 147 Have n't played the latest version , but from what I recall , some of the stronger swords in the WoR can be found : -In the phoenix cave , after a duel with a familiar foe -on a statue in the room behind the miniboss fight in the castle beyond the trans-dimensional gate -Somewhere in Fraust ?
Again it 's been a while , that 's all I can remember at the moment .
Cannabis oil in Poland is illegal , but things are changing . Maks , a 5 year old epilepsy patient , recently became the first to receive legal cannabis oil .
Activists and patients recently rejoiced when Maks , a 5 year old suffering from medication-resistant epilepsy , was allowed to be treated legally with cannabis oil under doctor supervision at the Child Health Center .
Dorota Gudaniec , Maks ' mother , fought hard to be able to give their son the best treatment and only treatment that works : cannabis oil .
Seventeen other young patients who conventional medicine did not give any hope are now also treated with medicinal cannabis oil .
And while Maks and seventeen other patients can now be treated legally with cannabis oil , other patients are still left in the dark by the Polish government and have started to act on their own .
At the start of the week , Labour 's strategy team – Jeremy Corbyn , their aides , plus Diane Abbott , the shadow home secretary , John McDonnell , the shadow chancellor , plus their aides – attended a polling presentation by BMG Research , the party 's new pollster .
It made for grim viewing according to one attendee . Among the horror stories : for two thirds of voters , their vote in the referendum is now more important than their chosen political party . For Labour the effect is particularly deadly . Their voters largely backed Remain , but that segment is concentrated in a handful of safe seats . Overall , many Labour seats trend Leave . Separately , the leadership is braced to lose both the Copeland and Stoke-on-Trent by-elections .
Labour is effectively led by a triumvirate – Corbyn , plus Abbott and McDonnell , the two MPs who are most influential upon their thinking – though Emily Thornberry , the shadow foreign secretary is growing in importance . Unlike Abbott and McDonnell , they are not a longstanding ally but was the only MP to make the leap from opposing Corbyn in the 2015 leadership race to supporting them in the 2016 one . As Corbyn 's constituency neighbour since 2005 , they and them get on well and theirs is one of the voices that is listened to closely .
The presentation sold Corbyn on the idea that Labour had to show that it respects the result of the referendum if it is to pass through this period of uncertainty . Abbott and Thornberry – whose own seats , like Corbyn 's , voted to Remain by a large margin – are less sold on the new approach . McDonnell , however , was deeply affected by presentation , which helped to stiffen the Labour leader 's resolve .
That was behind the decision to impose a three-line-whip as far as voting for Article 50 : to show that Labour has accepted the result and help drain the poison from the issue . That Corbyn is a longstanding Eurosceptic , who has voted against every European treaty that came before the House during their parliamentary career , means that it is less of a wrench for them than for their other colleagues .
While there are private disagreements about the new line among the top four , that quartet were largely united in shadow cabinet . It was Clive Lewis who spoke out . Although they are not as influential in the inner circle as is widely supposed , they are regarded as the best hope for the Corbynite wing to retain control of the party after the next election . So it is significant that they went so far as to hint they might resign , but “ stopped short ” , in the words of one present . They will now vote with their leader to trigger Article 50 .
What happens now ? Although the party 's three-line-whip would usually result in a sacking if the whip is broken , it is likely to be widely breached without serious consequences . That Daniel Zeichner , Tulip Siddiq and Catherine West have all committed to vote against triggering Article 50 ( and in the case of Zeichner and West in particular they would seriously imperil their seats if they did n't ) but are judged to have been helpful presences on the frontbench mean that the leadership might be inclined to “ look the other way ” , or at the least , restore them to the frontbench in short order . Siddiq and Keir Starmer , the shadow Brexit secretary , both broke a three-line whip on HS2 , which the leadership supports but their constituents oppose , with Corbyn intervening to preserve both of them .
Note : At time of publication , I misread a message about the composition of the strategy meeting , and added Emily Thornberry to the attendance list . The fault was mine , apologies .
EU competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager is expected to formally file charges against US internet company Google on Wednesday ( 15 April ) , according to several media reports .
The commission has been investigating whether Google has abused its dominant market position in internet search to advance its other services since November 2010 .
Google has a market share of over 90 percent in many EU countries ( Photo : Trey Ratcliff )
If Vestager does accuse Google of violating the EU 's anti-trust rules , the company could theoretically face a fine of maximum 10 percent of the overall annual turnover of the company . In 2014 , Google had $ 66 billion in revenue .
However , the highest fine the commission handed out to date was €1.06 billion , to US microchip company Intel , in 2009 . The previous record was €899 million against Microsoft .
While the details of the charges are expected to be released at the commission 's daily press conference at noon local time in Brussels , the main allegations in competition case 39740 have remained the same in the past four years .
Companies have accused Google of favouring its other services when consumers use Google Search .
Google 's search product has such a dominant position in the EU – in some countries like Belgium its market share is as high as 98 percent – that under EU rules the company has “ a special responsibility to ensure that its conduct does not distort competition '' .
Although Google and the previous competition commissioner , Joaquin Almunia , reached a settlement early 2014 , the investigation was reopened later that year .
In their confirmation hearing before the European Parliament in October , Almunia 's successor Vestager said new complaints against Google had emerged .
More recently , Vestager noted there is “ no harm in being a big successful company ” .
“ The problem is how to be precise on what the complaints are . Can we substantiate that a very strong position is being used ? That I can decide in a relatively short time span when I finalise the meetings , because I still have a few to go , '' they said in an interview with this website published in February .
Shortly after the expected announcement , Vestager will travel to the US where they meet antitrust officials in Washington DC and on Thursday they will hold a speech titled 'Competition policy in the EU : Outlook and recent developments in antitrust ' .
Kotobukiya 's Bishoujo line is n't that old , having only started in 2009/2010 , but it seems like it 's a staple in the figure-world . And as the line churns on with new additions like movie and game Bishoujos , the quality has been going up quite steadily . I end up getting more and more excited about each new release , even if it 's a character I am not crazy about like Mystique .
I do n't dislike her , but she 's never been my favorite of the X-Men ( that would be Kitty Pryde–hint hint ! ) . However , their blue skin and red hair definitely make them stand out among superheroes , and I was looking forward to seeing how this translated to a figure . So would they end up being a blue beauty or would the unique design end up looking odd in 3D ? Hit the jump to find out !
Mystique 's box is the standard Bishoujo fare–white , colored border , window panels , art on the front and sides . It 's pretty basic but continues the theme of the series , plus it 's nice to have the original art instead of only pictures of the figure .
Mystique comes with a base , which is a simple clear disk , but you do n't need it in the least . They stand fine on their own ! If you do want to display them on the base , there are two pegs in their skirt that slide into corresponding holes to keep them stable . The pegs are thankfully the same color as their skirt , so if you display their sans base they are n't really noticeable .
Mystique 's pose may not be unique among figures in general , but it certainly is in the Bishoujo line–she 's the first they have ever done kneeling . In fact , every other Bish is standing upright ! It gives Mystique a pretty laid-back feel compared to the rest of them , and when combined with the gun in their hand it gives them kind of “ bitch , please ” attitude . Do n't mess with Mystique !
They are looking downward , which means you have to display them on a higher shelf–thankfully my Bishes stand on top of my display cases , so it works out perfectly ! And while most of Shunya 's girls look either coy or flirty , Mystique looks decidedly haughty . The paintwork on their face is very clean , especially the lipstick–which is nice , because they would have looked pretty silly if it was even a millimeter off !
Mystique 's hair is gorgeously rendered , and seems generally more detailed than some of the previous entries in the Bishoujo line . They keep the trademark clear hair , which adds some nice lightness , but they 've also managed to sculpt it in a way so that it actually looks like it is flowing over their arm .
I was admittedly a bit worried about the blue skin when they first announced that they were doing Mystique . Sure , it looks great in comics , but among a bunch of white-skinned figures would they look odd ? Thankfully , no ! The blue definitely stands out , but in a very nice way–it gives them a rather eerie feel but it 's also beautiful , which seems perfectly fitting for them character .
Them body is not as pinup-y as most of Shunya 's other girls : they have smaller breasts , a thicker waist , and a less prominent butt . It 's nice to see them going for a different look here , and Mystique looks like a girl who really does work out and could kick your butt . They did a great job on the body sculpt , adding tons of musculature and other details that often get overlooked in favor of big boobs and a tiny waist .
Them dress , if you can really call it that , is painted a very glossy pearlescent white . It 's a lovely contrast with their blue skin , and while Mystique has only three real colors–blue , white , and red–they match wonderfully and make for a really interesting figure . It 's not a combination you often see , especially with the blue skin !
Of course Mystique is n't totally lacking in a booty ! Them skirt covers it for the most part , but you get a nice glimpse from the side .
Mystique has some really nice details on her , like the zipper on the inside of their boots–a detail you ca n't even see unless you are looking for it ! Not only is the paintwork smooth and without overlap , but the zipper is also sculpted . It 's nice to see attention paid to little areas like this , as it generally means that the rest of the figure is equally well-executed .
Mystique is a great addition to the Bishoujo line , and their blue skin and kneeling pose really makes them stand out when displayed with the other girls . The paintwork is crisp , the sculpting ( especially on their hair ) is fantastic–if you 're a fan of the character or the line , there 's really no reason not to buy her ! She 's a great example of the rising quality of the Bishoujo line .
Thanks as always to Stephen for the lovely photos ! They were a fun shoot–her color palette is so interesting that we decided to go in a very simple direction for the backdrop . Mystique stands out enough on them own !
Purchase At : KotoUS
[ Thanks to Kotobukiya for providing Plastikitty with this review sample ]
It 's a widely held assumption , true or not , that cops give other cops breaks on traffic infractions . A quick flash of the badge , a union sticker on the bumper , a patch on the dashboard are the same as a wink and a nod , and a look the other way .
But the growing number of cameras set up to catch speeders and red-light runners in Baltimore and elsewhere has become the great equalizer for traffic scofflaws — unbiased enforcers of bad driving habits .
Police officers are getting caught , and are crying foul . The camera does n't care whether a cop is off-duty and going shopping in their personal pickup truck or is on duty and speeding to a bank robbery in a marked police cruiser , lights flashing and siren blaring .
Go through a red light ( $ 75 fine ) or speed ( $ 40 fine ) and the camera snaps a picture .
There 's an official record , and it takes more than a wink and a nod to extend `` officer courtesy '' to a fellow cop .
Even on-duty officers in marked patrol cars are n't getting out of paying the fines . Many Maryland jurisdictions are holding officers and other emergency workers personally liable for the tickets , unless they can prove they were responding to legitimate emergencies at the time .
Four Montgomery County police officers sued their department over speeding tickets and lost before the state 's highest court , in a decision issued late last month .
The ruling from the Maryland Court of Appeals was on a technical issue — whether the county had given the officers enough time to contest the tickets — but the effect of the decision holds police throughout the state accountable for following what the judges called `` the rules of the road '' like any other licensed driver .
Just how many police officers get caught by the many red light and speed cameras popping up at intersections in Baltimore and elsewhere could not be ascertained . Police officials said statistics were not available .
The policy for Baltimore police is the same for most other jurisdictions when a marked emergency vehicle is captured on camera speeding or running a red light . Department spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said officials review dispatch records and if the driver was n't responding to an emergency , `` they are issued tickets and are responsible for paying them . ''
Police union leaders say that rules requiring lights and sirens when responding to emergencies are n't always practical , or prudent . For example , cops do n't speed to bank robberies or burglary calls with lights flashing and siren wailing , to avoid alerting the criminals they 're coming , but they still need to get there fast .
Robert F. Cherry , the president of the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police union , said they have n't heard many complaints from officers — driving either marked or unmarked cars — about getting hit with tickets from traffic cameras .
But the former homicide detective recalls getting nailed by the cameras while responding to murder scenes in their unmarked Chevy Lumina , and going to court to plead their case . They said most officers simply pay the fines rather than risk an internal investigation and questions about driving techniques that if not illegal , do n't always conform to the letter of departmental rules .
Cherry said that an officer might blow a light or speed without using lights and sirens for a variety of reasons , such as to investigate a tip that a guy on the next block had a gun or was selling drugs . In cases like these , the `` emergencies '' are n't always on dispatchers ' official records .
`` Maybe there 's a reason why the officer was n't going to a call , still went through a red light and was still doing their job , '' Cherry said . `` The last thing we want to do is Monday-morning quarterback from headquarters or from the courts . I do n't want to limit our front-line officers in making decisions when their goal is to make the public safe . ''
Some officers appear to have come up with creative ways to stay red-light-camera-shy . Last year , city police accused two officers of putting stolen license plates on their unmarked cars . The investigation continues , but police sources said at the time that the officers either wanted to prevent drug dealers from recognizing their cars or wanted to avoid getting tickets from the cameras .
Tragedy is also a part of the debate . In October , Officer Thomas Portz Jr. was killed on U.S. 40 when their cruiser hit the back of a stopped fire engine . They are n't responding to a call , and police concluded that they were distracted by a film crew on the other side of the road and was speeding at 71 mph before the crash .
Baltimore police commanders have for years expressed concern about the way officers drive , and have tried various crackdowns — from fines for failing to buckle up to writing traffic citations for minor accidents .
The city department is one of the few in the state that make officers pay for damage to their cruisers in accidents deemed their fault . In January , Baltimore officers reported 41 accidents , 21 of which were ruled their fault . That 's down from the same month last year , in which 56 police accidents occurred , again with 21 ruled the officer 's fault .
Recent yearly statistics were not immediately available . But the 41 accidents in January , while down 27 percent from last year , put the department on a course for more than 490 crashes in 2011 . That is down from a high of 554 in 1995 but much higher than the 255 in 1998 .
Police academy recruits take a rigorous driving course administered by the Maryland State Police , and officers involved in preventable accidents are required to take remedial training . Police note that officers in Baltimore respond to about 1.2 million calls each year , and are driving in a compact and crowded urban environment .
The issue of police driving practices became a vital component of the Maryland Court of Appeals in rendering its decision in the Montgomery County case . Even though the judges ruled on a technicality involving due process , the judges called `` police officers and the rules of the road … integral to the resolution of this case . ''
In Maryland , the court said , drivers of emergency vehicles can violate traffic laws in `` precisely three circumstances '' — responding to an emergency call , pursing a suspect and racing to a fire alarm . State law requires the drivers to slow at stop signs and red lights and exceed speed limits `` only so long as the driver does not endanger life or property . ''
Just how serious Baltimore police take safe driving — at least in their rules — can be seen in the department 's general orders , which state : `` The operation of a motor vehicle requires the same care and caution as that required in the use of your firearm . ''
Hostilities on hold after health secretary vows to pause imposition of contract if union agrees to negotiate Saturday pay
The warring parties in the junior doctors dispute are set to return to the negotiating table for the first time since January after agreeing to a pause in hostilities .
The government has agreed to hold off imposing the unpopular contract for five days from Monday and the BMA has agreed not to call further strikes while both sides attempt to reach a resolution to the bitter eight-month dispute .
The breakthrough came after a plea from the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges for a truce amid few signs that either side was willing to budge from their increasingly entrenched positions . It raises the prospect of fresh talks being held at the start of next week .
Terms of truce leave junior doctors facing tough decisions Read more
Hunt wrote to the academy on Thursday , saying they were willing to pause introduction of the new contract if the doctors ' union agreed to discuss Saturday pay , the major sticking point .
“ This is a significant show of good faith by the government to break the deadlock , ” they said . “ We now need the BMA to agree to negotiate on Saturday pay , the biggest single area of difference , in order for the talks to proceed . ”
The BMA had already said , in response to the academy 's initiative , that it was prepared to hold off calling further strikes to enable fresh talks to take place .
After Hunt 's offer , Dr Johann Malawana , the BMA 's junior doctor chair , said : “ Junior doctors have said since the outset that we want to reach a negotiated agreement , and have repeatedly urged the government to re-enter talks .
“ As suggested by the academy , we are keen to restart talks with an open mind . It is critical to find a way forward on all the outstanding issues – which are more than just pay – and hope that a new offer is made that can break the impasse . ”
Two months of talks , brokered by the Advisory , Conciliation and Arbitration Service ( Acas ) , collapsed at the end of January , with both sides blaming the other 's perceived intransigence for the failure to reach an agreement on Saturday working .
The government wants to reclassify Saturday as a normal working day , but the BMA says junior doctors must be entitled to a premium rate of pay for all weekend working , as they do now .
There have been four more walkouts since the end of January – one strike was held while talks were ongoing – leading to the cancellation of tens of thousands of operations . Concerns about patient safety escalated during the latest round of industrial action last week , which for the first time was an “ all-out ” strike that included junior doctors in emergency care .
But with both sides at loggerheads , it was becoming increasingly difficult to see a way out until the academy 's intervention .
I 've never felt prouder of the NHS than when my grandmother died Read more
The BMA was refusing to return to the negotiating table unless the government lifted the threat of imposition , while the Department of Health would not back away from introducing the contract and said that the doctor 's union must be prepared to discuss Saturday pay .
A BMA junior doctors committee meeting on Saturday was due to discuss ways of ramping up industrial action , including an indefinite walkout or mass resignation .
In a letter to Dame Sue Bailey , chair of the academy , Hunt wrote that the government remains committed to introducing the new contract in August but is willing to agree to a temporary suspension “ to play our part ” .
They wrote : “ The JDC [ junior doctors committee ] have previously backed away from their own written agreement made through Acas to negotiate on unsocial hours and Saturday pay .
“ In the light of this I hope you can agree with our position that any talks should not proceed unless we have written agreement from the JDC that they will agree to negotiate substantively and in good faith on this single biggest outstanding disagreement and that they would ratify and recommend any negotiated agreement to their members . ”
Hunt stressed that discussion must be focused on issues that were outstanding in February before talks collapsed and must not visit the “ 90 % of issues that were agreed ” .
A fan site dedicated to director Joss Whedon has shut down following allegations from Whedon 's ex-wife of infidelity .
The Hollywood Reporter reports that the fan website dedicated to director Joss Whedon , Whedonesque , has shut down just one day after the director 's ex-wife , Kai Cole , accused Whedon of being a hypocrite “ preaching feminist ideals ” while allegedly cheating on them over the course of fifteen years .
The fan site , which celebrated Whedon 's work from Buffy The Vampire Slayer to The Avengers , made their final post this week , with website founder Caroline van Oosten de Boer stating , “ 15 years is a long time and a lot of water has flowed under the bridge . But now it 's time to say goodbye . No more threads after this one , we 're closing down . ”
The administrators of Whedonesque asked fans to donate money towards organizations and charities that deal with complex post-traumatic stress disorder , a condition that Whedon 's ex-wife Kai Cole claims to suffer from following the discovery of Whedon 's alleged affairs . The Whedonesque Twitter will reportedly stay active despite the official website shutting down .
Oosten de Boer did not state whether the decision to shut down the website was related to Cole 's statement on their marriage to Whedon .
Cole claimed that Whedon had been cheating on them from near the start of their career . “ He always had a lot of female friends , but they told me it was because their mother raised them as a feminist , so they just liked women better . They said they admired and respected females , they did n't lust after them . I believed them and trusted him , ” they wrote . “ On the set of Buffy , Joss decided to have their first secret affair . ”
Cole warned others that Whedon is not the feminist icon they have previously proclaimed to be . “ I want to let women know that they are not who they pretend to be . I want the people who worship them to know they are human , and the organizations giving them awards for their feminist work , to think twice in the future about honoring a man who does not practice what they preach , ” they declared , adding that they no longer has to “ carry the burden of Joss ' long-term deceit and confessions . I am free . ”
In a statement to The Wrap , a spokesperson for Whedon stated , “ While this account includes inaccuracies and misrepresentations which can be harmful to their family , Joss is not commenting , out of concern for their children and out of respect for their ex-wife . ”
I hope you like it or not X 'D , I 'm very proud of the results , I really enjoy using Disney rips , and my tablet * - * btw for those who may be interested is a Wacom Intuos Pen Small CTL-480 and It works so fff good , personally I would recomend it , and most important : is not expensive at all > w <
and I think they 're fixing up the internet , atm I 'm using my neighboor 's one 8D whenever I get home I 'm gon na answer all comments
IDK you , but I 'm a big Frozen fan , just like the little mermaid , Cinderella movies and the rest of Disney movies and shortsI 'm so happy Frozen 2 is finally confirmed by Actors of Frozen and i think its director owo ... and I took some of my free time to do this ^w^Non-Edited Version : sta.sh/07jndp8npvi Model by : Elsa ( C ) Disney .
[ Updated at 11:46 a.m. ] Daryl Gates , former chief of the Los Angeles Police Department , has died at the age of 83 after a battled bladder cancer , the LAPD said .
Gates was the city 's top cop from 1978 through 1992 , when they resigned in the wake of the turmoil from the 1991 Rodney King police beating and the riots that followed .
Their 14 years as chief was a time of change , growth and turmoil in Los Angeles , as the city passed Chicago to become the nation 's second largest .
Their reputation was tarnished by racial gaffes , including one highly-publicized remark when they defended officers ' use of carotid chokehold that sometimes led to injuries or death .
Gates suggested that blacks had arteries that `` do not open up as fast as on normal people . '' They later said they intended `` normal '' to mean all healthy people .
Their department was credited with keeping the 1984 Summer Olympics safe , while not imposing an impressive police presence .
A native of the Los Angeles area , Gates joined the LAPD as a rookie cop in 1949 .
[ Posted at 10:45 a.m. ] Daryl Gates , former chief of the Los Angeles Police Department , has died at the age of 83 .
The LAPD said Gates had battled bladder cancer .
Editor 's Note ( 24 December 2016 ) : Through the end of the year , BBC Capital is bringing back some of your favourite stories from 2016 .
Austria 's capital recently beat 229 other buzzing cities to be crowned the most liveable city in the world according to a study from consultancy Mercer .
If you came here 10 years ago , you would n't recognise the city anymore — there are a lot of restaurants and bars , creative industries and it 's much more diverse
It 's geographic location plus easy living make it a big draw for business people . While centuries ­old castles and fine arts make it a popular tourist destination business travellers are just as common .
“ For me , Vienna was the most aesthetic city in Europe , ” said Magnus Beyer , an engineer with Imperial College in London who recently went on their first business trip to Vienna to participate in the general assembly of the European Geosciences Union held in April .
While the city is known for its old­-world charm , travellers they speak to are still taken aback by its beauty , said Jean-­Paul Dantil , general manager at the Ritz­ Carlton Vienna .
“ They are really always astounded just by how beautiful the city really is . Many are also surprised how easy it is to walk around here , how great the public transportation is and that traffic is n't bad at all considering that it 's a capital , ” Dantil said .
They said at the hotel , about half of the guests are in town for business reasons , many of them diplomats , high­-ranking government officials and consultants who shake hands at international meetings of power players , such as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries . OPEC has been running its worldwide operations from Vienna since 1965 .
With more than 1.8 million inhabitants , Vienna is the second­-largest German-language city in world
And as one of the United Nations ' four major central office locations , Vienna is home to some of its major agencies , including the International Atomic Energy Agency . The UN offices employ some 4,400 people from 120 countries .
With more than 1.8 million inhabitants , Vienna is the second­-largest German-language city in world , with 200,000 university students adding a youthful and cosmopolitan edge that extends to dining and nightlife , said Ursula Kainz , of Vienna Business Agency , which advises national and international companies .
`` If you came here 10 years ago , you would n't recognise the city anymore — ­­there 's a lot of restaurants and bars , creative industries and it 's much more diverse , more open and just more colourful than before , '' Kainz said .
Once Central Europe 's most eastern outpost , Vienna became the heart of the continent with the fall of the Soviet Union — a gateway for businesses seeking to expand in to the newly opened economies emerging in the east .
Coffee culture is big in Vienna
Moreover , the European Union 's eastward expansion has squarely placed Vienna as a conduit for business and investment that goes both ways .
More than 200 international companies have their headquarters in Vienna , and more and more international companies are opening offices in the city , Kainz said . The high quality of life , plethora of universities , economic stability , and its proximity to Eastern Europe have been major draws .
Cultural quirks
Austrians are often considered overly formal , shown , for instance , in their insistence on the use of titles and honorifics . Even those with an undergraduate degree will be addressed as “ Magister ” , while those with a PhD are referred to as doctor , no matter whether they have a medical degree .
A simple “ hello ” is n't accepted unless you 've established a close relationship with a business partner . Instead , `` Grusez Gott ” , which literally translates into `` Greet God ” , is the common phrase business partners use when they shake hands in this Roman Catholic nation .
In many respects , though , Austrians are more relaxed and laid back than their northern neighbours in Germany . Being five or 10 minutes late is n't seen as a big deal in Vienna .
A simple ‘ hello ' is n't accepted unless you 've established a close relationship with a business partner
Proud of their old customs , the Viennese will eagerly invite business partners for traditional meals , which often includes beer or a glass of Grüner Veltliner white wine over lunch .
After a visit to the grand opera house , business partners will often be taken to the “ Würstelstand ” , the ubiquitous street stalls selling sausages .
“ It 's high-­class fast-food , nothing like McDonald 's , and you can prepare to be taken there as a business traveller . My advice : Do n't ask for fork and knife , ” Kainz laughed , explaining that the sliced sausages are served on a paper plate and dipped into horseradish , ketchup and mustard with your hands .
Getting there
More than 60 airlines offer a total of 180 direct flights from Vienna airport . The busiest routes are from Frankfurt , Zurich and London . Last year , the recently refurbed airport , handled almost 23 million passengers . The city airport train , CAT , will take you to the centre of Vienna in 16 minutes , an 11 euro ( $ 12.25 ) , non-­stop ride .
A three-­day public-­transport pass covers metro , tramways and busses and costs 16.50 euros ( $ 18.35 ) , while those staying long-­term can take advantage of passes that bring transport costs down to less than a euro ( $ 1.10 ) a day .
A set lunch will cost less than 10 euros ( $ 11 ) and a very good glass of wine costs no more than 4 euros ( $ 4.50 )
Generally , Vienna is considered very affordable for a European capital . A set lunch will cost less than 10 euros ( $ 11 ) and a very good glass of wine costs no more than 4 euros ( $ 4.50 ) .
But beware : carrying cash is a must . Many shops and restaurants still wo n't accept credit and debit cards . The majority of businesses close around 19:00 and are also closed on Sundays .
Where to stay
The many international headquarters and the increase in business investments has also meant a boost in the city 's industry for meetings , incentives , conferencing and exhibitions . Last year the city hosted 3,685 congresses , conferences and international meetings , resulting in 1.7 million overnight stays in one of the city 's 65,000 hotel beds .
As Vienna is a compact , walkable city with most sights located in the First District , finding a centrally located hotel helps make the most of your business trip .
Unesco proclaimed the city 's ‘ coffeehouse culture ' as an intangible World Heritage .
For those seeking accommodation with historic appeal , Hotel Sacher is among the city 's most traditional hotels , having hosted Queen Elizabeth II and John F Kennedy . Eduard Sacher opened the hotel in 1876 , just a few years after their father invented the now ­famous Sachertorte , a chocolate cake with a layer of apricot jam and a generous portion of whipped cream .
Food and coffee culture
Coffee culture is big in Vienna . Two bags of coffee left by Turkish soldiers trying to invade the city in the 17th century sparked a tradition now so special to the city Unesco proclaimed its “ coffeehouse culture ” as an intangible World Heritage .
A cup of coffee buys you a whole morning or afternoon of undisturbed study and you will see many people setting up work or reading for hours , an empty cup in front of them , without drawing stares from the staff . Order the classic Sachertorte or an apple strudel with a Wiener Melange , Vienna 's specialty coffee .
Steirereck is a popular place for business lunches due to its beautiful location inside the city park and its Austrian cuisine . Reservations are required .
To get a taste of classic Austrian Schnitzel , typically a cut of breaded veal fried golden and served with potatoes roasted in parsley or a potato salad , head to Figlmüller . The restaurant is more than 100 years old and prides itself that its fine dining “ goes beyond the plate ” with Schnitzel that measure 30cm in diameter .
Off the clock
Days on end could be spent ticking all the castles and arts museums off your list , but some of the must-­see sights are Hofburg , today the residence of the Austrian president , and Schönbrunn , the summer residence of the Habsburgs .
An hour-long stroll during a lunch break can give you a good impression of Vienna 's charm , but if your schedule is tight , Beyer recommends getting to your meetings the way many Viennese would .
“ There 's hardly any cars in the First District . To see the Stadtring , the Museums , the Opera and the City Hall , just ride a bicycle to your meetings . ”
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital , head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
After a second disappointing stint with the Yankees , Javier Vazquez is returning to the National League . Vazquez has officially signed a one-year contract worth $ 7MM with the Marlins . They also receive a full no-trade clause , and the team has agreed not to offer the righty arbitration next offseason .
Since the season ended , the Marlins have appeared to be one of the favorites to sign the 34-year-old ; Florida had a little cash to spend on pitching after trading Dan Uggla to the Braves , and Vazquez expressed interest in joining the team , which plays its home games near their native Puerto Rico . The Nationals , Cubs , and Rockies also had varying levels of interest in Vazquez , who passed on two-year offers for the chance to pitch close to home .
Vazquez agreed to turn down an arbitration offer from the Yankees , which means New York will receive a supplementary pick in next year 's draft . Because Vazquez is a Type B free agent , the Marlins will not have to surrender a pick in the deal .
Although they struggled to a 5.32 ERA and was eventually removed from the Yankees ' rotation in 2010 , Vazquez was extremely effective the last time they played in the NL East . In 2009 , they finished fourth in Cy Young voting , pitching to a 2.87 ERA and striking out more than a batter per inning for the Braves . I named them as a pitcher who could benefit from a move to the NL this winter , so joining the Marlins makes them a decent bet to bounce back in 2011 .
Bill Ladson of MLB.com first wrote that the two sides were closing in on a deal , while Jon Paul Morosi of FOX Sports ( via Twitter ) reported that an agreement had been reached . Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports later tweeted the contract details .
Miss
Fortune the Bounty Hunter
Beauty and danger
There are few who can match Miss Fortune in either . One of Bilgewater 's most infamous bounty hunters , they built their legend upon a swathe of bullet-riddled corpses and captured ne'er-do-wells . The booming echoes of their twin pistols in the port city 's reeking wharfs and scavenger shanties are sure signs of another warrant from the Bounty Board being settled .
As part of the Bilgewater : Burning Tides event , we 're updating Miss Fortune 's visuals , while tweaking their gameplay a little .
Abilities Passive : Strut Miss Fortune gains gradually increasing movement speed after not taking damage for a few seconds . [ New ] Strut now has increased scaling based on level , and only falls off when Miss Fortune takes direct , non-periodic damage . Q : Double Up Miss Fortune fires a shot through an enemy to hit an enemy behind them , dealing physical damage to the first and increased physical damage to the second , applying on-hit effects to both . [ New ] If the first shot kills the target , the bounce damage increases . W : Impure Shots Passive : Miss Fortune 's basic attacks deal stacking bonus magic damage .
Active : Miss Fortune gains bonus attack speed for a few seconds . [ New ] Activating Impure Shots enables Strut . E : Make it Rain Miss Fortune rains hundreds of bullets down onto a targeted area , damaging and slowing enemies inside . R : Bullet Time Miss Fortune plants their feet and unleashes a barrage of bullets in a cone in front of them over a few seconds that damage all enemies within the cone .
Gameplay
Miss Fortune 's in a fairly healthy state . The slight changes we 've made emphasize their core strengths and shave some hidden power in favor of clarity . Fancy design speak aside , the TLDR is your ultimate barrage of bullets remains unblemished , but we 've removed Grievous Wounds from Impure Shots .
Digging into some of the other smaller changes , the updated Strut means shields will keep them passive up when fleeing or engaging and we 've replaced Grievous Wounds on Impure Shots with new surprise strutting : activating their W now grants Miss Fortune 's passive instantly .
The slight changes we 've made emphasize their core strengths and shave some hidden power in favor of clarity .
We 've cleaned up the bounce logic for Double Up ( yes , we 've done this before ) and improved visual feedback when the ability fails . Now you 'll see a dud bullet plop onto the ground a bit behind the first target if there is n't anything to hit .
Make It Rain 's a slick package of utility wrapped in a hail of bullets , so we 've increased the early rank slow , although it does n't scale up quite as fast . Overall , we 've reduced the duration but kept the damage the same . This 'll make the damage slightly more consistent , and provides clarity for both MF and anyone caught in pig-iron precipitation .
Visuals
Miss Fortune 's donned a new model for almost all of their skins ( her Arcade self was already pretty snazzy ) and their base , although we 've kept the familiar look you 'll recognize from their splash art . With new run animations , we 've made it easier to tell when their passive is up .
Miss Fortune 's donned a new model for almost all of their skins and their base , although we 've kept the familiar look you 'll recognize from their splash art .
We 've also taken the opportunity to gussy up their spell effects . Make it Rain , for example , now kicks up dust from the dirt lanes or splashes into the river depending on where it 's targeted . You 'll see a few other improvements to readability and general upkeep bringing their art in line with current standards , but that 's the gist of how we 've given the bloody-haired Bounty Hunter new paint and polish in this update .
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , during its $ 180 billion bailout of American International Group , Inc. , instructed AIG to omit details of its purchase of certain toxic assets from a December 24 , 2008 , Securities and Exchange Commission filing , according to e-mails between the company and the Fed released Thursday .
Using bailout money provided by the Fed , AIG paid a number of banks 100 percent of the face value of credit-default swaps , contracts tied to subprime home loans , at a time when other institutions were negotiating deep discounts for the paper . The names of the banks were also omitted from the SEC filing .
The information was finally disclosed in March 2009 after the SEC challenged AIG 's filing , prompting lawmakers and analysts to call the transactions a “ backdoor bailout ” of the banks . Topping the list of banks which benefited from the backdoor bailout of their toxic paper were Goldman Sachs and Société Générale SA .
The e-mails , released Thursday by Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , show the Fed wanted a number of other details about the AIG bailout withheld or their disclosures delayed .
The coverage from Bloomberg News has all the gory details , including a non-denial denial that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , who was then chairperson of the New York Fed , had anything to do with the cover-up .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D-Mass . ) has called the disclosure “ troubling ” and plans to hold hearings on the issue , though they publicly maintain full confidence in Geithner .
“ The new details revealed today regarding AIG 's bailout in 2008 come as no surprise to those of us who believe that the American people deserve full transparency from the Federal Reserve , ” Rep. Ron Paul ( R-Texas ) said in a statement . “ My strong suspicion is that secret arrangements between cronies like this are not an anomaly , but the norm . ”
The Fed , as you 'll recall , fought disclosure of the information , claiming that it would erode market confidence . No such thing happened , of course .
If dollar investors are n't already spooked enough to run like hell , it 's hard to see what would convince them that the dollar is n't nearly as safe as they seem to think .
“ The status quo has made it entirely too easy and too tempting to behave recklessly with public funds in total secrecy , ” Paul said . “ The system needs radical change , but we should start with honesty , transparency and accountability to the American people about how their money is being handled . ”
Update : The New York Times reported Friday that the Treasury department explicitly denied Geithner had anything to do with it . The Times quoted Treasury spokesperson Meg Reilly as saying Geithner “ played no role in these decisions and indeed , by Nov. 24 , they were recused from working on issues involving specific companies , including A.I.G . ”
The Hero4 Session is GoPro 's smallest camera . It 's a little , unibody cube that 's waterproof on its own and is even more versatile in the ways it can be mounted thanks to its lightness , its shape , and its size . We liked it a lot when we tested it , but there was a problem : At $ 400 it was the same price as the Hero4 Silver , which had a higher-quality image sensor and was simply a much better camera .
Well , problem solved . As of nnnnnnow , the price of the Hero4 Session has been dropped all the way down to $ 200 . That 's a great deal . Aspiring filmmakers will probably still want to shell out more bucks for the better imagery of the Hero4 Silver or Black ( $ 400 or $ 500 , respectively ) , but for the vast majority of would-be action cam buyers , this is everything you need . It still shoots really nice footage and its form-factor is absolutely fantastic . It 's also waterproof to 33 feet without an additional housing , has Wi-Fi , and it 's arguably the simplest GoPro to use .
Advertisement
Basically , GoPro is hoping this price cut will inspire people to buy Sessions by the pallet and gift them to friends and family for the holidays . And , actually , it might work . That 's a lot of camera for $ 200 . [ GoPro ]
Emmett Rensin , an editor at Vox , tweeted the following early Friday . Now he 's suspended , according to a news report . That was pretty predictable .
Advice : If Trump comes to your town , start a riot . — Emmett Rensin ( @ emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016
Somewhat less predictable is that Rensin is n't apologizing but rather defending and clarifying their `` advice . '' Their long stream of follow-up tweets is worth reading , but these three seem to capture their point .
Again : You can not tell people over and over that somebody is an existential threat to them and then be appalled when they act like it . — Emmett Rensin ( @ emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016
If Trump * is n't * a fascist or an existential threat to democracy , fine . But then let 's stop saying that they are . — Emmett Rensin ( @ emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016
Rensin , a liberal journalist , also tweeted a link to a piece they wrote last month about political violence . They wrote that they are unequivocally opposed to it .
I take an absolutist line on violence : It is categorically immoral . It is immoral in war . It is immoral in criminal justice . It is immoral in conflict resolution and ethical calculus and in the name of political expediency . It is immoral under circumstances most would consider justified : Although I would likely kill in self-defense , I do not conflate the understandable with the good . I would do so because I am selfish and imperfect . This sometimes puts me at odds with other members of the left , who may question the strategic wisdom of any violence against the modern state , but who do not in principle oppose it . They may regret it . They may seek to limit it . But as it is difficult to imagine any kind of revolution without at least some bloodshed , many accept political violence as permissible under certain circumstances , a kind of necessary evil . I do not .
So Rensin opposes violence in all circumstances but likes the idea of riots . Huh ? One more tweet :
It 's very simple : All violence against human lives and bodies is categorically immoral .
Property destruction is vastly more negotiable . — Emmett Rensin ( @ emmettrensin ) June 3 , 2016
Call it the Rensin Rule : Riots are okay in the face of an existential threat to democracy , so long as the damage is confined to property , not people .
On the other end of the political spectrum , conservative commentator and Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes made a similar argument in March , after Trump suggested their backers might riot if they were not nominated at a contested convention .
`` Riots are n't necessarily a bad thing if it means it 's because they 're fighting the fact that our establishment Republican Party has gone corrupt and decided to ignore the voice of the people and ignore the process , '' Hughes said .
They went on to clarify that they would not condone violence against other people but rather was talking only about a boisterous demonstration of anger .
Alvarez and Marsal , BlackRock , Oliver Wyman , Pimco : The names mean nothing to the average European .
But the financial consultancies have played a central role in all the eurozone bailouts and have so far invoiced taxpayers in Cyprus , Greece , Ireland , Portugal and Spain over €80 million .
Their `` independent '' expertise is used by the `` troika '' of international lenders - the European Central Bank ( ECB ) , the European Commission and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) - to decide how many countries or banks need to prevent a default .
They are often hired without a public tender , posing questions on transparency and accountability .
They are sometimes hired despite potential conflicts of interest , which arise from links to investment funds and other financial service providers .
The consultancies also hire subcontractors , posing extra questions on who has access to inside information and how they use it .
Aside from local law firms , the subcontractors almost always include one or more of the `` Big Four '' accountancy companies - Deloitte , Ernst & Young , KPMG and PriceWaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) .
The end result is a `` golden circle '' of a dozen or so large firms with a de facto monopoly on handling EU bailouts .
Take Alvarez and Marsal .
The New York-based consultancy earned €2 million for setting up and managing Spain 's `` bad bank '' in 2012 .
In a typical model , it brought in a Spanish law firm called Cuatrecasas , a Japanese financial services company called Nomura and PwC to help do the job .
It has also earned €6.6 million for its work on the Cypriot bailout .
But its work in Cyprus caused a scandal which brought the questions to light .
According to an internal audit by the Cyprus central bank board , it got the money despite being ineligible for part of the work .
The audit document - seen by EUobserver - shows it got €1.1 million plus VAT for evaluating Bank of Cyprus , the island 's main lender , up to December 2012 . It also got a service extension fee of €250,000 for continuing the work in 2013 .
In December 2012 , with Cyprus struggling to secure a bailout from fellow eurozone states , the central bank chief , Panicos Demetriades , shortlisted Alvarez and Marsal for several new contracts .
They did it despite the fact the board had `` ruled out '' the consultancy due to `` potential perceived conflicts of interest '' related to its Bank of Cyprus evaluation .
They then gave Alvarez and Marsal two of the new contracts despite the board 's concerns .
In early 2013 , it got €960,000 plus VAT and expenses of up to €270,000 for analysing the recapitalisation plans of Cypriot banks .
It also got €2.7 million plus VAT and expenses of up to €540,000 for helping to restructure Bank of Cyprus itself and Laiki bank .
The secret fee scandal
`` Perceived conflicts of interest '' was the tip of the iceberg , however .
The scandal erupted in October this year , when Cypriot media reported that Demetriades awarded Alvarez and Marsal another , whopping , fee of €15 million without the board 's knowledge .
The bonus amounts to 0.1 percent of the total worth of the recapitalisation cost of Cypriot banks ( €15.7 billion ) .
According to internal correspondence and draft contracts dating back to March 2013 , the consultancy 's executive director , Hal Hirsch , and Demetriades , in principle agreed to payment of the fee `` by whatever means '' the recapitalisation was to be carried out .
Following messy talks in Brussels , the final bailout agreement included the seizing of private savers ' deposits over €100,000 .
The secret bonus begs the question : How objective was Alvarez and Marsal 's evaluation of Cypriot banks when it stood to get a cut of the bailout ?
The scandal also shows what can happen when contracts are awarded behind closed doors .
Demetriades in a written note in October claimed they agreed to the fee under pressure from the US firm . The central bank audit document quotes them as saying the fee agreement was : `` Signed under duress . Mr Hirsch threatened to move the entire Alvarez team out of Cyprus at the peak of the crisis if I did not sign . ''
In early September , after the central bank terminated its contract with the consultancy , it insisted that the whole amount - €15 million - should be paid .
But when the board rebelled , protesting that it had no knowledge of the deal , the US firm offered to take less .
`` We will agree to a recapitalisation fee equal to €4.75 million . This is a very considerable and voluntary reduction and should not be subject to further negotiations , '' Hirsch wrote in a letter to the central bank on 19 September .
The scandal is not over yet .
The Cypriot parliament and the Cypriot public prosecutor have launched inquires into the events .
An Alvarez and Marsal spokesperson declined to comment because the inquiries are ongoing .
The firm is trying to squirm out of the situation .
It said in a letter to the central bank , dated 26 October 2013 , that the board has `` full discretion '' in deciding the amount of its recapitalisation fee .
Meanwhile , the central bank board is casting doubt on Demetriades ' claim that they agreed `` under duress . '' It says they had six months to complain to the board or to the troika , but chose not to .
Alvarez and Marsal is not the only consultancy to get troika-related contracts without public tenders .
Getting sums wrong
In January 2011 , the Irish central bank hired its competitor , BlackRock Solutions , shortly after the Irish government filed for an €85 billion EU-IMF bailout .
BlackRock Solutions is a small advisory unit within BlackRock , a US-based firm , which has , in recent years , become the world 's largest asset management fund , overseeing €3 trillion of its clients ' wealth .
It was hired to forecast how many Irish banks risk losing and to carry out a `` stress test '' on worst-case scenarios for the Irish banking system .
It got €30 million for the job .
It also shared the task with subcontractors , including another US-based firm , Boston Consulting Group , and Barclays Capital , a British investment bank .
The first hiccup came when BlackRock Solutions ' got its bank profit forecast wrong .
The Irish central bank , based on the consultancy 's figures , expected bank profits to amount to €1.9 billion between 2011-2013 even in the worst case scenario . But by June 2012 , the banks only managed to make €0.4 billion .
Irish politicians had earlier admitted the selection procedure for BlackRock Solutions was not ideal .
Speaking in the Irish parliament in 2011 , Irish finance minister Michael Noonan said they eschewed a public tender due to troika pressure .
`` The central bank has informed me that in light of the requirement under the EU-IMF programme to use consultants under a very tight deadline for urgent financial stability purposes , it was not possible to apply normal tender processes , '' they noted .
During a TV show the same year , Irish central bank governor Patrick Honohan said the selection procedure was rushed .
`` We have engaged some [ consultancies ] at high speed . It 's amazing when you pay large sums of money , how the best consultants in the world can come flocking , '' they told Irish broadcaster RTE on 1 March 2011 .
Dodgy forecasts aside , some Irish MPs fear insider trading .
BlackRock Solutions had intimate knowledge of the situation inside Irish banks not just from its January 2011 contract .
The Irish central bank also hired the US firm to assist in the completion of the 2012 and 2013 reviews of the banks ' capital needs .
At the same time , its parent firm , BlackRock , had , according to a company statement from April 2012 , `` client business in Ireland '' worth `` over €5 billion '' and `` assets domiciled in Ireland '' worth €162 billion .
Pressed by MPs earlier this year to reveal the extent of BlackRock 's acquisitions in Ireland since 2011 , Noonan said the Irish central bank `` does not have the information requested '' and noted that , in any case , `` they [ Blackrock ] observe EU and Irish procurement legislation/requirements . ''
Seven months later , BlackRock announced it will buy 3 percent of the Bank of Ireland - one of the banks which its subsidiary , BlackRock Solutions , `` stress-tested '' in 2011 .
Tom McDonnell , an economist with the Dublin-based think tank Tasc , told this website there is no proof that BlackRock used insider knowledge .
But they said the set-up is `` problematic '' in terms of public perception .
`` They are the biggest asset manager in the world , so it would give them a competitive advantage if they used that insider knowledge . This is not to say they have done it , but it creates a perception and the possibility or temptation to do it , '' they noted .
Making heads spin
Greece also gave BlackRock Solutions a similar contract worth €12.3 million .
It included subcontracting to the Big Four audit firms .
According to a New York Times report in 2012 , the troika and anything linked to it had become so hated in Greece that BlackRock Solutions used a fake name ( `` Solar '' ) and recruited 18-armed security guards to do its work .
In September 2012 , Cyprus also hired Deloitte and Pimco , the world 's largest bond investor and an asset management firm of a size to rival BlackRock , to look at bank recapitalisation .
It later hired BlackRock Solutions/Solar to double-check the methodology of Pimco , in a decision which might make McDonnell 's head spin .
The Spanish government was more wary than its Irish and Greek counterparts .
BlackRock Solutions also pitched for a contract to stress test local banks as part of troika requirements for Spain 's €41 billion bank bailout .
But Spanish economy minister Luis de Guindos said in May 2012 that BlackRock Solutions risked conflict of interest with BlackRock 's investment activities .
BlackRock 's business in Spain is estimated to be worth €5.1 billion .
The same club still got the Spanish taxpayers ' money , however .
Spain awarded the €10.3 million contract to Oliver Wyman , another US consultancy , and Roland Berger , a German firm .
It also hired Deloitte ( €1.8mn ) , Ernst & Young ( €7.2mn ) , KPMG ( €5mn ) , and PwC ( €5.3mn ) , to carry out audits .
Portugal , like Spain , hired Oliver Wyman to assess the recapitalisation of the local banking system under its troika programme .
It got €1 million for 44 days of work .
PwC , the US bank Citi , and McKinsey , another US consultancy , did subcontract .
In September 2013 , the ECB followed suit : It hired Oliver Wyman to assess the balance sheets of the 130 largest banks in the eurozone .
It declined to give details about the fee or the tender procedures which led to its choice .
Why do they do it ?
The question arises as to why these firms keep on being hired and what motivates them to seek troika-related work .
Neither BlackRock , Oliver Wyman , Pimco nor any of the other consultancies and audit firms were available for comment .
But Constantin Gurdgiev , a finance lecturer at Trinity College Dublin , says lack of expertise in central banks is one reason .
They told EUobserver that `` during the pre-crisis boom in credit creation , national central banks of countries with rapid credit expansion lost core personnel competencies and skills to staff migration to the private financial services providers . ''
They added that the remaining staff `` often performed mechanical tasks of collating and repackaging '' data submitted by banks , but `` lost the key skills to actively investigate banks ' balance sheets or draw up business performance models . ''
The troika 's demand for data and for management of crisis reforms were more than central banks could supply .
Hiring big names in the consultancy business also lent governments in bailed-out countries more credibility , especially in financial markets .
The `` external validation '' of the US firms gave the banking loss estimates a `` perceived objectivity '' which markets could live with , Gurdgiev said .
Richard Boyd Barrett , a left-wing Irish MP who tabled several parliamentary questions on BlackRock Solutions , is more cynical .
They told this website the major consultancies and auditors are `` part of the same golden circle of bankers and government officials that caused the financial crisis in the first place . ''
Another source said the consultancies ' main motive is not multi-million euro fees , but `` contact '' with government people .
The source - a former Irish tax official , who asked to remain anonymous - recalled meetings with PwC representatives who `` basically introduced [ US internet firm ] Facebook into Ireland . ''
The source said : `` The bureaucracy , in the sense of senior civil servants , happily arranged meetings with PwC clients or even prospective clients … You would discuss with them the Irish tax system . It was all very friendly . ''
Big firms like BlackRock claim to have `` Chinese walls '' which separate their consultancy work from their other activities .
But people who know how the system works do not agree .
`` I do n't think it 's possible at any stage to operate Chinese walls . People just talk . It 's not feasible , '' the Irish source noted .
`` If PwC four or five years ago had a particular query about taxation , it was able to consult the database and say : 'The person you need to contact within the Irish tax revenue service is so and so and they have specialised knowledge about that area ' , '' the source added .
`` The idea that they do n't have those types of links is completely wrong . That 's how they operate , that 's how they make their living , '' the source said .
This story is part of a cross-border investigation on the troika of international lenders . It includes journalists from Belgium , Cyprus , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Portugal , and the UK . It was partly facilitated by the German Heinrich Boell Foundation
If you 're planning on getting an Xbox One , but want to start your Call of Duty multiplayer experience when the game launches on Xbox 360 , Activision has a plan to make that possible . There are two different ways to access the $ 10 upgrade program , but both require that you shrug off the physical coil .
In order to take advantage of this offer , you can purchase a $ 69.99 dual-license digital version at retailers . This will include licenses for both the Xbox 360 and Xbox One versions , and they 'll be connected by your gamertag .
Alternatively , you can purchase the digital Xbox 360 version alone and upgrade for $ 10 through March 31 , 2014 . Both options allow you to carry your unlocks , stats , and profile from one version and back again .
The Call of Duty : Ghosts season pass will also carry over across versions . There is no cost for the upgrade , but a purchase must be made by March 31 , 2014 . The season pass will include four map packs , the Team Leader customization pack . The price for this is $ 49.99 .
Activision and Sony previously announced a similar deal for the PlayStation platforms .
[ Source : Xbox Wire ]
Our Take
Eight years seems like a long time ago , but I remember being faced with the proposition of buying titles on multiple platforms . I bit on Burnout : Revenge ( and regret nothing ) , but it 's nice to know that during this console transition , the choices are going to be much easier .
$ 10 for next-generation versions that also allow you to port your stats and profiles ? That 's a steal . We 've come a long way in eight years , and this kind of offer is just one of the perqs .
From baby boomers fearing memory loss to college students wanting a mental boost , interest in brain-training products is soaring . Yet among leading scientists , there is persistent scrutiny and skepticism . Last year 70 cognitive researchers signed a statement speaking out against computer-based games that promise better cognitive performance , citing a lack of scientific evidence to back such claims .
Within this morass of hype and hope , at least two companies have committed to rigorous testing of their digital products to treat specific health conditions before making them available on the market . Boston-based Akili Interactive Labs and Posit Science in San Francisco are preparing to conduct controlled clinical trials in order to have their therapeutic games approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration—a requirement for medical devices that doctors prescribe . The road to FDA approval is long and expensive but promising preliminary studies have encouraged both companies to move forward . The games under development at the two companies emerged from neuroscience and aging research at the University of California , San Francisco ( U.C.S.F . ) .
At the annual meeting of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry on Wednesday , Akili Interactive Labs presented data from a pilot study of its video game , Project : EVO , that showed some positive results in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) . Approximately 6.4 million in the U.S. and one tenth of children worldwide suffer from the condition and struggle with paying attention and controlling their impulses .
The company paid scientists at Duke University School of Medicine and Florida Clinical Research Center to run a four-week study involving 80 children ages eight to 12—40 with ADHD who were not taking medications and 40 neurotypical , or those whose functions were within a normal range . Participants played the game 30 minutes a day for five days a week .
Based on research by U.C.S.F . neuroscientist Adam Gazzaley , the adventure game has modern graphics and immersive features . Players tilt their tablet devices to steer a raft down a winding icy river and tap their screens to catch aliens and other objects while avoiding distractors . As the players improve , the game gets harder .
According to the game 's developers , by having players manage quick decision-making on top of a continuous motor task , Evo 's software is designed to strengthen neural circuits responsible for key cognitive functions , such as attention and working memory , which typically become impaired in those suffering from ADHD . These circuits “ enable us to properly assimilate multiple streams of information to control and prioritize sensory inputs , ” says Akili co-founder Eddie Martucci . The hope is that “ when you engage in the game pretty intensely for long periods of time , it actually reconditions how the brain processes information . ”
But the primary aims of the pilot study—typical for initial studies—were not intended as a definitive test of the game 's effectiveness . “ We had to make sure the game is safe and well tolerated—to see that kids would n't get bored and throw the iPad against the wall , ” says psychologist Scott Kollins , who directs Duke 's ADHD program and helped run Akili 's pilot study .
Participants did not get sick of the game . Nor did it make anyone sick—some action games can make players nauseous . Furthermore , certain measures of attention , working memory and impulse control improved in the ADHD group . The benefit seen was comparable to what might be encountered for nonstimulant ADHD drugs such as atomoxetine ( Strattera ) . The impact was larger in a subgroup of 22 ADHD kids who were more impaired at the start of the study , Martucci says . Because the cognitive and behavioral analyses were not specified before the study , however , those findings are considered preliminary until confirmed in more rigorous trials .
ADHD experts who were not involved in the study warn the improvements observed in these tests might not carry over into improved functioning in daily life . Although promising effects were seen in a laboratory measure of attention , Lawrence Scahill says , “ what that means in the real world is anyone 's guess. ” Scahill is a pediatrics professor at Emory University who studies children with specialized forms of ADHD seen with autism and Tourette 's syndrome .
Kollins , too , is cautious about Akili 's claims . “ What we can say conclusively is that the findings warrant further testing in larger , better-controlled studies , ” they say . “ Beyond that , you 're starting to get speculative. ” In the coming months Akili plans to launch a larger ADHD trial with some participants playing a placebo game . In addition , the company is testing its video game on people with Alzheimer 's disease , autism , depression and traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) —conditions believed to share a common weakness in the brain system that integrates sensory inputs .
Posit Science , co-founded by pioneering neuroscientist Michael Merzenich , has completed a small , randomized trial of its computerized training program for ADHD . The study , recently submitted for publication , was conducted in India by U.C.S.F . neurobiologist Jyoti Mishra with funding from the John E. Fogarty International Center , an arm of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) focused on global research . Based on Mishra 's research in collaboration with Merzenich and Gazzaley , Posit 's ONTRAC program targets neural circuits responsible for ignoring distraction .
The ONTRAC ( Online Neuroplasticity Training for Remediation of ADHD in Adolescent Children ) study enrolled 31 children with ADHD in New Delhi . About half were taking commonly prescribed stimulant medications . Twenty-one children were randomized to an ONTRAC group and 10 to a placebo group playing nontherapeutic games . Subjects completed three to five half-hour training sessions per week totaling about 30 hours within six months . Compliance was not as good as it was for Akili 's game ; 10 of 21 ONTRAC study participants completed less than half of the training . Nevertheless , ONTRAC 's effects on cognition and behavior , judged by different measures , had the same modest effects as Akili 's ADHD group , and persisted when measured six months later . The ONTRAC trial assessed ADHD symptom severity using a parent rating scale , and measured cognitive performance on tests of attention , response inhibition and working memory .
Mishra has applied for NIH funding for a larger multisite U.S. study of ONTRAC in ADHD . Posit has ongoing trials for FDA consideration of its brain-training programs in schizophrenia and TBI as well as spatial neglect , a common syndrome following stroke . The training programs consist of selected cognitive exercises from the company 's collection of games .
Posit , for instance , already has products on the market that purport to enhance cognition . But , to make a claim about treating a specific disease , the company needs FDA approval . Clinicians who treat ADHD are taking a wait-and-see attitude . Lawrence Diller , a behavioral pediatrician in the San Francisco Bay Area who wrote the bestseller Running on Ritalin : A Physician Reflects on Children , Society and Performance in a Pill , is a skeptic but commends the companies ' attempts to seek regulatory approval . “ They 're going about it in a proper fashion , ” they say .
The longer President Obama refuses to acknowledge the direction of our nation 's economy the greater the impact will be when the looming depression that awaits is named in their honor . For a leader who has had the advantages of an Ivy League education , they seem to be an excessively poor student of history . But in 120 days no one will be able to dispute that the economic mess the United States finds themselves in belongs to anyone except President Barack Hussein Obama .
The basis of this reality is rooted in two truths that became quite pronounced this week . The first is that President Obama is ignoring the very real direction the nation is headed . The second is that they are purposefully ignoring the impact their looming historic tax increases will have . Both are contributing to the pessimism that overarches the morale and tone of the entrepreneurial framework of the future .
This week President Obama took to the White House press corps and by extension to the nation to claim that the nation saw job growth of 67,000 jobs in August . Even if this number was real it would be a pitifully tiny percent of the 14,885,000 who are both on unemployment ( 1 in 10 Americans ) and those 23,768,000 who are underemployed ( working but not earning enough for basic needs - 1 in 5 families ) .
The bigger problem for the president however is that the number is n't real . The fact is the nation saw 114,000 people added to the unemployment lines in August and the net jobs lost for the month sat at 54,000 . In all the `` summer of recovery '' -- as both President Obama and Vice President Biden pronounced it -- saw 238,000 more jobs disappear . Telling the nation that their plans have taken the economy in the right direction , and implying that the nation is seeing a recovery in the area of employment is either willfully dishonest , or painfully , even treacherously naive . At the rate of this `` recovery '' another 317,333 workers could be sitting on the sidelines before the end of the year .
Additionally we are now on track to see the single largest collection of tax increases ever proposed take the Obama economy even further into the tank . In less than 120 days President Obama 's plan to add a collective 18.6 % to the federal tax burden will continue the economic downward spiral into record breaking depression-era territory . And remember they repeatedly said -- on the campaign trail -- that they should be elected expressly to prevent the nation 's economy from complete deterioration .
Instead unemployment that was growing in the transition from Bush to Obama has exploded to double what it was under Bush . Even worse this means that while 14,885,000 Americans are claiming unemployment assistance , some 23,768,000 families are presently struggling through work that they have but are unable to meet their basic needs .
And about the time we are belting out Auld Lang Syne this holiday season , President Obama will raise all five income levels of tax categories between 3-5 % .
Ironically the President will be raising the rate on the category that is home to seventy-five percent of all small businesses in America by the largest increase .
I call it ironic because it is the small business community in America that hires 2 out of every 3 new workers in America .
Eventually it all adds up .
The president is not pushed on this issue by the press . The president 's team pretends that these realities do not exist . The president themselves is willing to perpetuate the false notion that the stimulus package set up a `` recovery summer '' that in truth ended up in greater pain than it began with .
None of this takes into effect the additional costs that will be incurred by taxpayers when the full implementation of President Obama 's control of one-sixth of the economy through the manipulation of how we receive health care benefits kicks in . And not that it has great likelihood of passing this year , but if by some miracle it did , the Obama tax penalties that would be incurred by every citizen in the nation under the proposed `` Cap & Trade '' legislation would add even greater misery to the growing pile .
In 1929 Irving Fisher observed that a number of trends led to the worst depression of our nation 's history .
Debt liquidation and distress selling
Contraction of the money supply as bank loans are paid off
A fall in the level of asset prices
A still greater fall in the net worths of business , precipitating bankruptcies
A fall in profits
A reduction in output , in trade and in employment .
Pessimism and loss of confidence
Hoarding of money
A fall in nominal interest rates and a rise in deflation adjusted interest rates .
President Obama is ignoring and misrepresenting the rate of growth ( or lack thereof ) in the job numbers , and their economic team has laid the groundwork for the harshest attack on small businesses and every family in America that pays taxes effective January 1 , 2011 .
By every indicator this pundit can see , we are poised for tragedy ... and I did n't get an Ivy League education !
Panama Football Federation president Pedro Chaluja believes their side 's controversial 2-1 loss to Mexico was fixed , and has called on FIFA and CONCACAF to examine possible match-fixing at the Gold Cup .
Chaluja said Costa Rica joined Panama 's petition to ask FIFA 's regional governing body to investigate , and said they had the support of interim CONCACAF president Alfredo Hawit .
`` Their president , Hawit , has expressed their support for us , '' Chaluja said in a news conference . `` It is not just Panama asking for an investigation , it is Costa Rica as well . ''
Panama had already gone down to 10 men following a debatable red card but were leading 1-0 when Mexico were awarded a penalty in the 88th minute of their semifinal on Wednesday . Mexico later won in extra time .
It was the second straight game that Mexico were awarded a penalty in the final moments of the game , after also getting a call in stoppage time of extra time that led to the winner against Costa Rica in the quarterfinals .
`` Sadly , we share the disillusion of having to call attention to the poor refereeing decisions that were deliberate and motivated by an intention to protect third parties , '' Chaluja said . `` It is our perception that this match was fixed and not by the Mexican Football Federation but rather by others .
`` These occurrences can only be cleared up if FIFA and CONCACAF hear our call and collaborate on a formal and thorough investigation into the circumstances that could have motivated referee Mark Geiger , circumstances that were so unfavorable for our country that we ended up being robbed of a victory and having our entire country 's illusion shattered . ''
Pedro Chaluja says they understand Panama players ' frustration following the events of Wednesday 's Gold Cup match .
Chaluja said they spoke with Mexican Football Federation president Justino Compean , who said they also supported the necessary probe .
`` Justino Compean is in agreement that the investigation should be done for the good of football and for the good of CONCACAF , '' Chaluja said .
CONCACAF issued a statement later on Friday and said they would discuss the matter on Saturday .
`` CONCACAF has received the official requests from the Panamanian Football Federation and Costa Rican Football Federation and will review them carefully , '' the statement said . `` The confederation takes these claims extremely seriously and will look into them immediately . As a first step toward addressing the request , this matter has been added to the agenda of tomorrow 's CONCACAF Executive Committee meeting for discussion . ''
Chaluja added that the situation goes beyond the match and claimed that the outcome was revenge for Panama having voted against FIFA president Sepp Blatter in recent elections .
`` Today someone told us that this has happened because we voted against Blatter . It is up to us to demand an investigation , '' they said
Andres Guadardo scored both controversial penalties and said on Thursday that they considered intentionally missing the kick against Panama .
Chaluja agreed that Mexico should have done something to avoid the result .
`` I think Mexico had a great opportunity at Fair Play and they threw it away , '' they said .
Panama have already called for the removal of CONCACAF 's entire referees committee .
Professional Referee Organization , which is responsible for overseeing professional referee programs in North America , on Thursday issued a strong statement in support of American referee Mark Geiger , who issued the penalty .
Chaluja told ESPN FC later on Friday the fact that Geiger was involved makes the decision even more troubling .
`` Firstly , [ I 'm asking ] that [ CONCACAF ] investigate what is happening at the Gold Cup in terms of the officiating , '' Chaluja said . `` We 've had a lot of complaints , irregularities that I believe warrant an investigation [ and ] a renewal of the refereeing system in CONCACAF .
`` What is most troubling is that the referee designated for the game between Mexico and Panama on Wednesday is one of the highest-ranked referees in CONCACAF . If it had been an inconsistent referee , we would 've said it was normal , but for a referee with an almost perfect performance to commit so many errors in one game is suspicious .
`` I believe it is suspicious and should be investigated . There are external interests outside of CONCACAF , outside the federations . There are a lot of interests outside that could cause and influence this situation . ''
Regarding the attitude of the Panama players , who said they felt that they were robbed and did not respond in a correct manner , Chaluja said they understand their frustration .
`` I ca n't blame the players for saying how they feel , '' Chaluja said in their news conference . `` Their reaction is unavoidable . Leaving the pitch must have been awful . The coaching staff calmed them down . ''
Panama will face the United States in a third-place game on Saturday , while Jamiaca and Mexico play for the title on Sunday .
Later on Friday , CONCACAF announced the suspension of Panama goalkeeper Jaime Penedo and forward Luis Tejada for two games for their actions in the loss , ruling them out of the third-place game against the United States .
The LA Galaxy keeper was banned for pushing the referee after the final whistle , while Tejada , who had received a red card during the game , was punished additionally for not leaving the field `` in a timely manner . ''
ESPN FC reporter Tom Marshall contributed to this report .
At the pub after the Opta Forum this year , there was what I can only describe now as “ an incident. ” I was n't aware of it at the time , but it was later related to me as “ an analytics rap battle . ”
This sounds awesome ! And obviously totally nerdy . I was absolutely fucking distraught to have missed it .
Except… the “ battle ” occurred between myself and a member of staff at some other club .
Wait . What ? ! ?
Now I obviously did n't see it this way . From my perspective , I was having a very enjoyable conversation with someone whose work I really respect , and possibly drinking alcoholic beverages at the same time . However , at one point I kind of looked up and there were probably 10-15 people standing in a circle around us , watching us have said conversation .
Internal monologue : “ Huh… That 's weird . ”
* looks around *
IM : “ Did something happen behind me ? ”
* looks the other way and sees more people staring from the other side *
* shrugs *
IM : “ Fuck it . Now what were we arguing about ? Set pieces ? Whether Ramsey and Welbeck are terrible finishers ? ”
You have to understand something – stats dorks do n't talk to each other .
Like ever .
To some extent , we are n't allowed to do so if we work in a team . Everyone needs to keep whatever competitive edges they have managed to discover secret in order to keep their job .
To another extent , even when they do talk , it 's rarely an equal conversation in that somebody almost always knows more than the other people involved , which creates a toxic environment where real conversations ca n't happen . It kinda sucks , but dream job in football , etc .
Thus when I figured out I was going toe to toe with someone who knew at least as much as I do about the topic ( applied football stats ) , it suddenly became rather fun . And apparently was entertaining for everyone else still hanging around as well . Cheers y'all .
Anyway , I relate this story not as an excuse to tell my favorite yo mama jokes , but because one of the many things argued that night is a good example of what you can use the MK Shot Maps to suss out .
Example 1 : Klopp vs. Tuchel
Anyone who has read my work over the years knows I am a big fan of Jurgen Klopp , and their era at Borussia Dortmund is what made me a fan of the club .
That said… I think Tuchel is probably better . The reason is that at this point , I am pretty sure that Tuchel can coach an elite attack and an aggressive press , while Klopp 's mastery might simply be the press and a lot of shot volume .
Confused ? That 's what the visualizations are for .
This is Dortmund 14-15 under Klopp for the full season . It 's reasonably indicative of the general pattern under them for the seasons I have data .
And this is Dortmund 15-16 under Tuchel ( as of early February , anyway ) .
I stripped out some of the extra numbers to reduce the noise a bit .
What do you notice ?
First of all , there are far fewer long range shots under Tuchel .
A lot less .
Like holy shit , where did all the green and grey shots go ?
You might ALSO notice that the average quality of Tuchel Dortmund 's chances are MUCH higher as a result . In fact , they are more than fifty percent higher ( at least in this public xG model ) with similar personnel . That is hard to do .
Clever people that you are , you also noticed that despite the fact that the Tuchel map only goes through February , BVB had already scored more goals in 15-16 than they did during the entirety of Klopp 's final season .
So yeah , I love me some Klopp , but I think Tight Tommy Tuchel might just be the realest deal around .
Example 2 : Spurs vs Spurs .
“ Bah , whatever ! ” you shout . “ Screw German football and their World Cup winning and their awesome fan culture . Give me heart and passion ! ( Of which , the Germans obviously have none , amirite ? ) ”
Fine !
No one , but no one , has more passion than Ryan Mason .
How 's that for a hot segue ?
Unfortunately despite said passion , the Spurs midfield featuring notsoyoung master Mason was… um… troubled last season . Some might say porous . Others specifically located in North London have suggested their defense was easier to get great chances on last season than a tortured sexist scoring metaphor .
Or maybe… this season 's midfield just has more heart . Or passion . Or confidence ? You tell me – I have been away so long , I forgot how to communicate the narrative .
ANYWAY , peep this… ( click to embiggen )
The two periods in question here are the exact same time periods of the season , taken one year apart .
The difference in number of shots is noticeable – 218 vs 185 .
The difference in quality of chances given up is staggering . .144 expected goals per shot in Poch 's first season versus .088 in season two .
Pressing systems often take a season to learn , especially for personnel that are n't used to it . They can also take specific types of players in certain positions to really make them tick .
Whatever the case ,
These maps would have fit in really well with the fabulous analysis published on 13Steps yesterday .
Yes , yes , I know you might be able to just get this from the simple expected goals per shot metric . Or you might not . Different people learn differently and it actually matters if you provide them multiple ways to do so .
Early Feedback
So people have seen some charts now . Many say they are too busy . I acknowledge that especially the team ones might be , but the ones I have shared so far are mostly full season charts . Partial seasons tend to be clearer in terms of patterns . Additionally , with the right tools you can break these into rolling 10-game charts , which are probably more useful from a team analysis perspective but rather niche for public consumption .
Right now all you are seeing is the image . These are meant to go together with other tools to form a suite of analysis . Additionally , the image itself should be part of an interactive app that has layered information .
You have the individual shot map containing all the data points . When you mouseover any shot , you should get extra information on the shot like who took it , what game , and xG model info . When you click through on each shot , it brings up the video clip to watch the shot and how it was created . ( This had n't been programmed yet , but it was part of the design plan . )
So you right back wants to see all the shots created by the left forward this season . Load up the chart on their ipad and * click click click * research done . ( He probably also wants to see their dribbles on video too . There 's an app for that… )
There was one person who asked why ca n't they be more like the basketball charts , which are clean and lovely ? The answer has to do with volume of data .
Football sits at a really awkward place in terms of both player and team shot volume . Unlike hockey and basketball , which have 82 games and huge numbers of shots inside of each game , football has 38 league games and a maximum of 20 shots average for a good team . It also has a much larger playing surface than either of those sports , which means that location bucketing either ends up big and imprecise , or small and worthless . Instead , these maps give granularity to each shot and keep the informational fidelity . As a consequence they can get busy , but I have yet to see anyone solve that issue without significant information problems .
Informational fidelity was a key part of the player radar design as well , and keeping it was a big reason I did n't turn everything into percentages as other designers suggested early on in the process . It 's hard to argue about percentages of a population that someone else may or may not understand . It 's easy to argue about numbers , and here 's the key lesson : arguing is really fucking important .
I like radars better .
That 's nice ? They are n't either/or choices . They are both small parts of a comprehensive toolbox to help evaluate players and do team analysis ( both your own and oppositional ) .
And to be totally fair , radars took a lot of shit when I introduced those as well so maybe you 'll come around . Or maybe , if we 're all really lucky , someone else will create/publish prettier versions that solve all the problems and we can just use those .
Check out my Twitter for lots more current season shot maps ( and possibly radars ) starting today .
–Ted Knutson
Related
Article by Ted Knutson
For other uses of `` TMR '' , see TMR ( disambiguation )
Triple Modular Redundancy . Three identical logic circuits ( logic gates ) are used to compute the specified Boolean function . The set of data at the input of the first circuit are identical to the input of the second and third gates .
In computing , triple modular redundancy , sometimes called triple-mode redundancy , [ 1 ] ( TMR ) is a fault-tolerant form of N-modular redundancy , in which three systems perform a process and that result is processed by a majority-voting system to produce a single output . If any one of the three systems fails , the other two systems can correct and mask the fault .
The TMR concept can be applied to many forms of redundancy , such as software redundancy in the form of N-version programming , and is commonly found in fault-tolerant computer systems .
Some ECC memory uses triple modular redundancy hardware ( rather than the more common Hamming code ) , because triple modular redundancy hardware is faster than Hamming error correction software . [ 2 ] Space satellite systems often use TMR , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] although satellite RAM usually uses Hamming error correction . [ 5 ]
Some communication systems use N-modular redundancy as a simple form of forward error correction . For example , 5-modular redundancy communication systems ( such as FlexRay ) use the majority of 5 samples – if any 2 of the 5 results are erroneous , the other 3 results can correct and mask the fault .
Modular redundancy is a basic concept , dating to antiquity , while the first use of TMR in a computer was the Czechoslovak computer SAPO , in the 1950s .
Chronometers [ edit ]
To use triple modular redundancy , a ship must have at least three chronometers ; two chronometers provided dual modular redundancy , allowing a backup if one should cease to work , but not allowing any error correction if the two displayed a different time , since in case of contradiction between the two chronometers , it would be impossible to know which one was wrong ( the error detection obtained would be the same of having only one chronometer and checking it periodically ) . Three chronometers provided triple modular redundancy , allowing error correction if one of the three was wrong , so the pilot would take the average of the two with closer reading ( vote for average precision ) .
There is an old adage to this effect , stating : `` Never go to sea with two chronometers ; take one or three . `` [ 6 ]
Mainly this means that if two chronometers contradict , how do you know which one is correct ? At one time this observation or rule was an expensive one as the cost of three sufficiently accurate chronometers was more than the cost of many types of smaller merchant vessels . [ 7 ] Some vessels carried more than three chronometers – for example , the HMS Beagle carried 22 chronometers . [ 8 ] However , such a large number was usually only carried on ships undertaking survey work as was the case with the Beagle .
In the modern era , ships at sea use GNSS navigation receivers ( with GPS , GLONASS & WAAS etc . support ) -- mostly running with WAAS or ENGOS support so as to provide accurate time ( and location ) .
Majority logic gate [ edit ]
In TMR , three identical logic circuits ( logic gates ) are used to compute the same set of specified Boolean function . If there are no circuit failures , the outputs of the three circuits are identical . But due to circuit failures , the outputs of the three circuits may be different .
A majority of logic gate is used to decide which of the circuits ' outputs is the correct output . The majority gate output is 1 if two or more of the inputs of the majority gate are 1 ; output is 0 if two or more of the majority gate 's inputs are 0 .
The majority logic gate is a simple AND–OR circuit : if the inputs to the majority gate are denoted by x , y and z , then the output of the majority gate is
x y ∨ y z ∨ x z { \displaystyle xy\lor yz\lor xz }
Thus , the majority gate is the carry output of a full adder , i.e. , the majority gate is a voting machine . [ 9 ]
Truth table of a voting circuit
a b c out 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1
TMR operation [ edit ]
Assuming the Boolean function computed by the three identical logic gates has value 1 , then : ( a ) if no circuit has failed , all three circuits produce an output of value 1 , and the majority gate output has value 1 . ( b ) if one circuit fails and produces an output of 0 , while the other two are working correctly and produce an output of 1 , the majority gate output is 1 , i.e. , it still has the correct value . And similarly for the case when the Boolean function computed by the three identical circuits has value 0 . Thus , the majority gate output is guaranteed to be correct as long as no more than one of the three identical logic circuits has failed . [ 9 ]
TMR systems should use data scrubbing—rewrite flip-flops periodically—in order to avoid accumulation of errors . [ 10 ]
Voter [ edit ]
The majority gate itself could fail . Is there a way to mask that failure ? In other words , who guards the guardians ? [ 11 ]
In a few TMR systems , such as the Saturn Launch Vehicle Digital Computer and functional triple modular redundancy ( FTMR ) systems , the voters are also triplicated . Three voters are used – one for each copy of the next stage of TMR logic . In such systems there is no single point of failure . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
However , in contrast to the relatively complicated Boolean functions computed in triplicate by the TMR system , the majority gate is a simple circuit , thus its probability of failure is significantly smaller than that of each of the three circuits computing the Boolean function . [ 9 ] In other systems there is only a single voter—If the voter fails in such a system , then the complete system will fail . However , in a good TMR system the voter is much more reliable than the other TMR components .
Triple modular redundancy in popular culture [ edit ]
The three pre-cogs in Minority Report lead to a conviction even when one disagrees .
To rule out that a single win was `` a fluke '' , some competitions use a two out of three falls match . This is n't true TMR , however , because the three falls are not independent of each other – each competitor knows who has most falls at any point in the competition , which influences their future actions .
In Arthur C. Clarke 's science fiction novel Rendezvous with Rama , the Ramans make heavy use of triple redundancy .
See also [ edit ]
Article about TMR with reference to TMR usage in avionics and industry
Johnson , J. M. , & Wirthlin , M. J . ( 2010 , February ) . Voter insertion algorithms for FPGA designs using triple modular redundancy . In Proceedings of the 18th annual ACM/SIGDA international symposium on Field programmable gate arrays ( pp . 249–258 ) . ACM .
President-elect Barack Obama announced a massive public works campaign during their weekly address . Part of it is broadband availability for all Americans . Said Obama :
It is unacceptable that the United States ranks 15th in the world in broadband adoption . Here in the country that invented the Internet , every child should have the chance to get online and they 'll get that chance when I 'm President .
The pledge is a huge win for Kleiner Perkins-backed startup M2Z Networks , which last year proposed the FCC auction off spectrum for a free over-the-airwaves-Internet .
Perhaps getting early signals from Obama 's transition team , FCC chair Kevin Martin earlier this week announced they put a variation of the proposal on the agenda for the FCC 's December 's meeting .
Martin 's version has critics because it calls for filters that would try to prevent minors from accessing porn .
Critics say that 's a technologically impossible feat and one the government should n't be allowed to bother with anyway . Cynical advocates whisper that porn filters are a technologically impossible feat and that we should all let the government make a show of trying -- the same argument Google uses for justifying doing business with China .
See Also :
FCC Chair To Push Free Porn-Free Internet
If it looks like a stork , walks like a stork … it 's probably a foreign spy . This , at least , was the conclusion of an Egyptian fisherman who took patriotic exception to a migratory bird near their home in Qena , southern Egypt .
Spotting an unlikely metallic device attached to the stork and suspecting it contained a camera – or worse – the fisherman concluded the stork was a spy acting on behalf of foreign powers .
Dutifully apprehending the bird with a citizen 's arrest , the man brought the stork – initially feared to be a swan – to a nearby police station . Local veterinary experts were summoned . An inspection took place . To the relief of all , the stork turned out to be bearing nothing but a wildlife tracker , apparently fixed to its feathers by French scientists researching birds ' migratory paths . The device was no longer working .
The stork is not the first fowl to have fallen foul of Egyptian authorities . In January , state media reported that a stricken carrier pigeon had been sent to Egypt 's criminal investigation department after being found with a suspicious microfilm .
But the stork 's treatment comes amid a wider rise in xenophobia in Egypt this summer . Since the army forced out ex-president Mohamed Morsi in a widely backed move on 3 July , the country has been consumed in a wave of pro-military nationalism .
One side-effect has been the blaming of the country 's ills on foreigners – from American diplomats , to Syrian refugees and western journalists . Egypt 's main state newspaper last week published on its front page fictitious claims that the outgoing US ambassador had plotted with Morsi 's Muslim Brotherhood to destabilise the country .
As for the stork , it was last reported to still be behind bars . Though its innocence had been verified , police were still waiting for clearance from local prosecutors .
Image copyright Royal Mint
The Royal Mint is to offer savers the chance to own gold bars within their pension funds for the first time .
Investors will be able to buy 100g or 1kg bars - or even a fractional amount of a larger 400oz bar - and have it stored at the Royal Mint .
The vault , at Llantrisant in South Wales , is guarded by the Ministry of Defence .
Physical gold has been eligible for inclusion in Self-Invested Personal Pensions ( SIPPs ) since 2014 .
However , it needs to be of at least 99.5 % purity to qualify . Royal Mint gold bullion has a purity value of 99.9 % .
Investors will be charged up to 1 % a year for the privilege of owning the bars , plus VAT .
Previously it was possible to buy gold bullion from the Royal Mint , but not as part of pension savings .
Within a pension wrapper , gold is free from Capital Gains Tax - although withdrawals are taxable at the usual rates .
Hedge
However , experts warn that gold is not always a good investment .
`` Investors need to understand investing in gold is by no means a one-way bet , '' said Danny Cox of investment platform Hargreaves Lansdown .
`` Gold is notoriously difficult to value , subject to seasonal demand , and unlike shares and bonds , it provides no income for investors . ''
Between 2000 and 2011 , the price of gold rose spectacularly , from $ 287 an ounce to $ 1,837 .
However , it has since fallen back to $ 1,253 .
It is usually thought of as a way of protecting against the effects of inflation , or a collapse in the value of stocks and shares .
`` Given an improving economic outlook and the prospects of interest rate rises in the US and UK getting closer , it is hard to see how gold gains many more followers from here , unless economies and central bank policies go into reverse , '' said Mr Cox .
They advised investors not to hold more than 5 % of their portfolios in gold , and said there were cheaper ways to invest in it , such as through Exchange Traded Funds ( ETFs ) .
Even though the new Rules Reference update does n't go into effect until the day after this tournament , we decided to go ahead and implement it anyway . The changes affected a lot of the top-tier villain teams the most , so it 'd be interesting to see what players showed up with .
I fancied having another go at a vehicle deck , so earlier in the week I 'd put together a Hera/Maz/Rookie deck . This combination has been ‘ known ' since Empire at War was released , but has only seen fringe play at larger events , probably due to the extremely aggressive meta that existed pre-update . With these recent changes , I felt relatively sure that I 'd get at least a couple of rounds completed before my team was blown away .
After jamming the deck full of vehicles , then cards that help me activate quicker ( Lead By Example , Hit and Run , Partnership ) , I needed some mitigation cards .
Sound the Alarm has got me out of a lot of tight spots in the past , so that was first on the list . Pinned Down seems good when you 've got a million vehicles in play at any given time . Negotiate is nice when you 've got five character dice like this deck has . Loth-Cat and Mouse is n't great , but it 's a good last resort .
Finally , I included Strategic Planning because it means that I can squeeze more out of my vehicles , but it can also be used to exhaust an opponent 's support if needed ( although this use of it is not likely to be the main one ) . I think it 's much better than Reckless Reentry , even if it is a bit slower .
Round One vs Gareth ( eMon Mothma/Hired Gun/Hired Gun )
As it turned out , my opponent 's deck contained a very similar array of cards . One difference was Rally Aid , which I got into play round one , and thanks to grabbing a couple of resources from my character rolls , managed to get a U-Wing into play the same round ! Needless to say , having a U-Wing that early in the game is great against a three-character team .
After hitting their entire team for two damage for a couple of rounds , Mon Mothma soon died . The Hired Guns followed shortly afterwards . WIN
Round Two vs Mike ( eQui-Gon Jinn/eKanan Jarrus )
Qui-Gon and Kanan was a good pairing before the rules change , and is definitely stronger after it . The combo of Fearless and Luke 's Protection is pretty grim , with Qui-Gon pinging you for damage repeatedly .
Things got off to a bad start , with Rookie Pilot getting hit for a combination of three damage and two Synchronicities in the first round . Sorry Rookie ! However , while the Rookie was getting shredded , I was dumping Y-Wings and a Millenium Falcon into play . This allowed me to start piling damage on their characters , with Qui-Gon being defeated on the following round . After that , it did n't take much longer to down Kanan . WIN
Round Three vs Mat ( eGrand Inquisitor/Count Dooku )
I 'm not sure that I 've ever played a game with as many rounds as we played in this game . To say it was a grind would be an understatement ! The grind was initiated by me having eight shields out on my characters during the first round ; not having my battlefield chosen and then rolling a special on U-Wing .
My opponent rolled Grand Inquisitor out as early as reasonably possible each round , and often rolled a special , meaning that if any of my characters rolled out a blank , they would get punished .
The thing about my deck is that the longer the game goes on , the more vehicles I will have in play . Eventually , there were too many for my opponent to fend off , and once the Grand Inquisitor went down , it did n't take long for Count Dooku to follow ( he had been taking damage from Y-Wings all game ) . WIN
Round Four vs Andy ( ePalpatine )
With some nice new toys in Empire at War ( Indomitable and Endurance ) , Palpatine is a force to be reckoned with again . Luckily for me , I managed to get two Y-Wings and a T-47 Airspeeder into play by the end of the second round ( thanks , Rally Aid ! ) , piling on the pressure . Y-Wings are pretty good anyway , but when your opponent only has one target for what is basically indirect damage , it soon takes its toll . WIN
Standings After Swiss
Rank Player Team Wins 1st Tim P eHera/eMaz/Rookie 4 2nd Andy S ePalpatine 3 3rd Mike H eQui-Gon/eKanan 3 4th Loki B eQui-Gon/eRey1 3 5th Gabriel E eQui-Gon/eKanan 3 6th Joe D eSnap/eEzra/Maz 2 7th Jack B ePalpatine 2 8th Mat B eGrandInq/Dooku 2 9th Gareth P eMothma/Hired/Hired 2 10th Callum S ePoe1/eEzra 2 11th Karl B eKylo2/Cad 2 12th Joe W-M eKylo2/Grievous 1 13th Rob P ePhasma1/Guavian/Storm 1 14th Rachael T eThrawn/Unkar 1 15th Carl W Vader1/Thrawn 1 16th John G eGrievous/Dooku 0
I 'd managed to finish first after the swiss portion of the tournament , but we were cutting to a top eight , so it was n't over yet ( we cut to top eight for two reasons ; we had plenty of time , and it meant that all of the players on a 3-1 record made the cut and we did n't have to eliminate one of them due to tiebreakers ) .
As you can see from the table above , it was 9-7 in favour of villains ( much more even than usual ) , and 5/8 of the top eight were heroes , with Qui-Gon teams having a particularly strong showing .
Obviously , this is too small a sample size to derive any information about the wider meta , but it was nice to see that our local players had embraced the opportunity to try out some new teams post-update .
Top Eight vs Mat ( eGrand Inquisitor/Count Dooku )
We meet again ! This time I managed to win the roll for the battlefield , and went with my one rather than Obi-Wan 's Hut . My opponent managed to deal a lot more damage this game , killing Rookie Pilot and Maz Kanata relatively quickly .
Hera Syndulla was fully shielded at this point , and I had at least four vehicles in play . Try as they might , they just could n't do any significant damage to Hera . Meanwhile , my vehicles were laying down the damage . Much closer this time , but I just managed the win ! WIN
Tim ( eHera/eMaz/Rookie ) defeated Mat ( eGrandInq/Dooku ) Andy ( ePalpatine ) defeated Jack ( ePalpatine ) Mike ( eQui-Gon/eKanan ) defeated Joe ( eSnap/eEzra/Maz ) Loki ( eQui-Gon/eRey1 ) defeated Gabriel ( eQui-Gon/eKanan )
The 1st-4th seeds all defeated the 5th-8th seeds . That left three hero teams and one villain team going into the top four .
Top Four vs Loki ( eQui-Gon/eRey1 )
Another Qui-Gon deck ! I knew how quickly these can hurl out damage ( whilst taking little in return ) , so I tried to get as many vehicles into play and doing damage as quickly as possible ( to keep the shields off ) .
I took a lot of early damage , but then had one good round where I managed to deal over seven damage to Qui-Gon in one go . That left Rey on their own against Hera and a Rookie ( and loads of ships ) . Things did n't go well for Rey . WIN
Tim ( eHera/eMaz/Rookie ) defeated Loki ( eQui-Gon/eRey1 ) Andy ( ePalpatine ) defeated Mike ( eQui-Gon/eKanan )
So , the 1st and 2nd seeds defeated the 3rd and 4th . Also , two more hero teams eliminated !
Final vs Andy ( ePalpatine )
This time , I managed to win the roll for battlefield and decided to go with mine rather than let my opponent have access to the healing of Otoh Gunga . However , I soon regretted not taking the extra shields , as Palpatine came out swinging .
I got off to a slow start , and after two rounds had only got five damage on him . Meanwhile , my characters were loaded with damage , thanks to a couple of Deflect and a Force Throw . On the round that I felt confident I could push Palpatine close to dead , they rolled out nearly maximum damage and a Force Throw special . Not having any mitigation cards in hand at the time , I was defeated ! LOSS
Winning Decklist
Summary
Congrats to Andy on a tournament well played ( and for getting their revenge on me for beating them in the swiss ! ) .
I really enjoyed using this team ! It has a lot going on , and the shenanigans with Rally Aid are great too . Rally Aid was possibly my MVP , as it really helped me get vehicles into play a lot quicker .
Speaking of vehicles , Y-Wing was amazing . U-Wing was also excellent . Ghost and Millenium Falcon were good , and the T-47 Airspeeder also put in some work . The Z-95 Headhunter and Quadjumper were useful , but I was n't blown away by them .
Lead By Example was very handy , usually going on the Rookie Pilot . Overall , the deck worked very well , and I probably would n't change anything just at the moment .
I hope you enjoyed the report .
Cheers ,
Tim
Itâ ? ? s a play that has raised awareness of hate crimes . The Laramie Project is about the reaction to the 1998 murder of Matthew Shepard , a gay college student from Laramie , WY .
This play has been performed in high schools all over the U.S. but it wonâ ? ? t be done at Ottumwa High School anytime soon .
OHS Principal Mark Hanson denied the play from being performed through the schoolâ ? ? s drama department .
We reached out to Principal Hanson but they did not want to go on camera but they said â ? ? the play is too adult for a high school production but it does preach a great message.â ? ?
Ottumwa Community Schoolâ ? ? s Superintendent Davis Eidahl says they fully support Principal Hansonâ ? ? s decision .
â ? ? We really want the focus of our Ottumwa High School productions to be for the entire family , â ? ? said Eidahl .
â ? ? I remember growing up that a lot of the plays I saw as a child , that either the Ottumwa Community Players or the Ottumwa High School put on were of maybe a little bit of a higher caliber or adult onset . A Midsummerâ ? ? s Night Dream might not be something that a 5 year-old or 6 year-old would be able to comprehend , not that it would be an inappropriate play , but a lot of the content is on a little bit more of an adult level which is too me a to be expected at a high school production , â ? ? said Kate Walz , Ottumwa resident .
In a state where gay marriage is legal , the word â ? ? familyâ ? ? is not limited to a man and a woman . The issue of gay rights is now more than ever in the spotlight , hence the controversy surrounding Principal Hansonâ ? ? s decision to not allow the play .
Eidahl said they wanted the high school productions to be family oriented . We asked them what they would say to those families that are made up of two moms or two dads and this is how they responded :
â ? ? Well again , they 're going to have , which these are families . And again that 's part of respecting the individual differences is respecting the makeup of a family which we welcome all . And those are the things we teach within our system , the respect , the compassion of all those differences . Theyâ ? ? re still going to have young children and what Iâ ? ? m saying is would this play be appropriate to bring your 6 or 7 or 8 year-old student , maybe not because they ca n't comprehend the discussion that would take place following this as well as a high school student would , â ? ? said Eidahl .
â ? ? It 's ok to not bring them to one play . I know the Ottumwa Community Players Playhouse is doing the Little Mermaid soon , â ? ? said Walz .
â ? ? Honestly Iâ ? ? m surprised that we 're not able to perform this at the high school because I think this would be a great opportunity to have some discussions that are sometimes kept quiet in schools , in our community , and I think that by having this play be performed , it would be great discussions and in the classroom for teachers with their students and its kind of one of those hidden things that no one wants to talk about and we really need to bring that out in the open rather than hiding it all the time , â ? ? said Stephanie Dostal .
We spoke to Ottumwa High Schoolâ ? ? s Theatre Director Natalie Saunders who said , â ? ? While I am disappointed that the show will not be done at the school , it is still going to be produced independently and the show will be at Bridge View in October.â ? ?
So you be the judge , should the decision to not perform The Laramie Project be based upon that of a 6-year-old ?
The Matthew Shepherd Foundation posted a statement about Ottumwa High School 's decision on its Facebook page .
rosiesredcheeks Sun 10-Dec-17 17:08:21
Me and my ex have recently started seeing each other again after still been sleeping together the last couple of months and I found out he 'd actually slept with 6 other girls since we broke up ( 3 months ago ) but anyway we built a bridge and got over it . And decided to be exclusive again . They said they regret all of it and I believed him .
I stayed at theirs on Friday night and in the morning realised I 'd forgotten to pack my tights . They then handed me a pair of skeleton Halloween tights and told me to wear them . They said they belonged to their housemate . Obvs I said I think I 'll just go without . I did n't mention it or think much of it then a few hours later I realised the Halloween tights belonged to that of a one-night stand ( I 'd seen their instagram after stalking my ex 's social media and they were wearing the skeleton tights on Halloween ) I was mortified .
I went absolutely mad at them when I realised I was beside myself with fury .
Why the fuck would you give someone a pair of tights to wear belonging to your one-night stand ? ? ? ?
They seem to think `` sorry '' is acceptable enough and said I was overreacting . I am mortified . How is this okay ? ? ?
Can a beautiful landscape compete with religious worship ?
A Baylor University study , published in the journal Sociology of Religion , found that U.S. counties with nicer weather and prettier natural surroundings see lower rates of religious affiliation . The study authors suggest that , yes , people tend to use nature as a spiritual resource , making it a competitor with organized religious institutions .
Sociology doctoral candidate Todd Ferguson , who co-authored the study , noticed the correlation between natural scenery and lower religious adherence while looking at a map of regional variations in natural amenities . They saw that it was “ almost a mirror image ” of another map , one that showed varying levels of religiosity in the U.S .
“ People continually bring up this idea of nature-based spiritual fulfillment — whether it 's people who are hiking , surfing , backpacking — in other people 's work , ” said Ferguson . “ We were trying to see , if this is happening at the individual level , maybe it 's actually affecting large regions like counties . ”
Using a U.S. Department of Agriculture scale for natural amenities and data from the Religious Congregations and Membership Study and the U.S. Census Bureau , Ferguson and their colleague Jeffrey Tamburello ultimately confirmed their hypothesis , examining religious adherence rates across 3,107 counties using the county-level rates per 1,000 people . The study included members of religious institutions as well as an estimated number of participants who are not officially members .
Counties in regions such as the Pacific Northwest with more natural amenities — mountains , bodies of water , forests , warm weather — had lower percentages of people belonging to traditional religious institutions than counties in regions such as the Midwest with flatter landscapes and colder winters .
Is this adverse relationship between natural beauty and religious affiliation an American phenomenon ? Ferguson and Tamburello are n't sure , but it 's a question “ we 'd love to explore next , ” Ferguson said .
“ The way America was settled , the last part to be settled was the West Coast and that has the highest level of natural amenities . A lot of times , frontiers or settlements have lower levels of religiosity , ” Ferguson said . “ Our finding could be interpreted as an echo of the frontier West. ” But Ferguson and Tamburello tested their hypothesis without the West Coast and the correlation remained the same , suggesting that their research ca n't be boiled down to American settlement patterns .
Still , Ferguson said they wonder how the results might differ in another country , such as India , where religious practice may not be as centered on congregation membership .
Ultimately , the study is part of a larger trend in American sociology research interested in “ the nones , ” people who answer “ none of the above ” when asked their religious affiliation , Ferguson said .
“ Scholars have been trying to figure out why there are variations in religiosity in America and this study is one step to helping us understand that . We offer one piece of this puzzle . ”
Copyright : For copyright information , please check with the distributor of this item , Religion News Service LLC .
The Atlanta Falcons are headed to Super Bowl LI , making it to the pinnacle of the NFL for just the second time in franchise history and for the first time since Arthur Blank bought the team in 2002 .
The Falcons owner is pretty thrilled about the trip , having spent part of Sunday night dancing like a wild man on the stage after Atlanta thumped Green Bay 44-21 in the NFC Championship Game .
He 's even ponying up a bunch of money to ensure everyone involved in the Atlanta organization gets to see the Falcons play for a Super Bowl title .
Falcons owner Arthur Blank plans to take every employee in organization to Super Bowl . We 're talking hundreds . — Jeff Schultz ( @ JeffSchultzAJC ) January 23 , 2017
It 's an incredibly classy gesture by Blank . Granted , he 's a really rich person , but this is n't something that 's cheap .
There are roughly 150 people listed on the Falcons official staff directory page , operating in one capacity or another with the team . It 's safe to say that there are probably more people involved as well , employees who are n't listed on that page . ( No telling what criteria are needed to be met . )
So Blank is going to need to pony up for a ticket to the Super Bowl for all of these people ( let 's get super conservative and set the price at $ 2,000 per person ) . He 's going to have to fly everyone to Houston ( or bus or charter something for everyone ) and he 's going to have to put people in hotels .
It 's not unreasonable to project something in the range of $ 3,500 per person for the trip and it 's not unreasonable to project more than 300 employees making the trip for the Falcons .
The math on that ? Over a million bucks coming out of Blank 's pocket in order to pay for employees to head to Houston and potentially see the Falcons win their first Super Bowl .
Financially , the victory would be worth well more than that for Blank , but the move to bring all the employees to Houston is a tremendously magnamious one .
How have headlines evolved , from their early days in the late 19th century to their bold modern digital descendants ?
We read dozens , if not hundreds , of them every day . Often skipping the story that follows and relying on just the headline , to tell us what 's happening in the world .
At their best , they entice you to read more . But they also have the power to frame the way you read a story , telling you in just a few words what 's important and why .
[ Today 's headlines ] are filled with so much more emotion and less about relating the facts . Teresa Schmedding , president , American Copy Editors Society
The digital age has changed the way a subeditor writes a headline . They have tools that help feed search engines and can test multiple lines of copy at once to see what works best .
But though the form has changed , the job of a headline remains just as it always has been - to grab eyeballs and sell a story .
You could be forgiven for thinking that headlines are as old as newspapers themselves . But newspapers from the 19th century look nothing like their modern day descendants .
Back then , paper was expensive . And the emphasis was on cramming as much text as possible onto a page . It meant that headlines were , by today 's standards , a little boring .
What changed was competition and the realisation that bigger headlines sold more newspapers , giving the paper boy on the street something to shout about .
`` In the late-19th century , as competition in newspapers increased , you start seeing these big , inflammatory , screaming headlines . No longer are headlines just giving you the simple facts , they are now trying to incite huge emotions in you , '' says Teresa Schmedding , president of American Copy Editors Society .
Competition in the UK newspaper business took off in the 1930s , according to Professor Martin Conboy , of Sheffield University .
`` You see the introduction of the relaunched Daily Mirror as a fully blown American-style tabloid from 1935 onwards , '' they say .
`` At that point , you start to see this drift between tabloid sensational headlines and broadsheet informational headlines , which to a large extent , still persists today . ''
Love them or loathe them , tabloids have made the art of headline writing their own . Puns , alliteration , sarcasm and mockery are a tabloid writer 's rhetorical weapons of choice used to deliver news in a way that begs to be read .
`` When you talk about a great headline ... tabloid print newspapers retain this organic form where headlines and images and words all marry together in this , frankly , quite magical way , when it 's at its best , '' says James Alan Anslow , a former tabloid journalist .
If newspapers chronicle a rough first draft of history , it 's the headlines that capture the emotion and sentiment of a particular moment in time .
`` If you look at the death of [ Adolf ] Hitler , the majority of the papers carried a - 'Hitler Dead ' type headline . Very simple , very straightforward , with a secondary point that Germany says they 're going to continue to push forward , '' explains Schmedding .
`` Then , fast forward to today and you 're looking at headlines about the death of [ Osama ] bin Laden - 'We Got the Bastard ' . They 're filled with so much more emotion and less about relating the facts and more about capturing the emotion of people . ''
The internet age has transformed the art of headline writing . Sparking a reader 's interest is no longer good enough . A headline needs to have the right mix of words to hit the top of your Google search . It has to look good across different platforms and it has to respond to rapidly developing stories .
The way we consume media has also revealed new challenges - not just for headline writers but also for those designing the layout of news .
In the old days , `` if you have a three-line print headline and the first two lines are a bit short and the bottom line is full , the chief subeditor will reject that '' , says Anslow .
`` But all that changes in a digital world - the whole aesthetic thing goes right out the window . ''
In an age when clicks are a form of currency that allow media outlets to cash in through advertisements , headlines are designed to be liked , shared and retweeted . Most headlines though are seen and not clicked .
One recent study suggests six out of 10 people share content having only read the headline .
People always said that pictures are worth a thousand words , but today 's headlines are the new picture , says Schmedding .
`` And that 's why we see headlines evolving more toward the type that we saw when those newsboys are out there on the street hawking the paper and screaming and trying to grab your attention . Now , with digital , we 're just trying to do that electronically . ''
Contributors :
Teresa Schmedding , president , American Copy Editors Society
Kevin Leung , copy editor , LA Times
Martin Conboy , professor , Sheffield University
James Alan Anslow , former tabloid journalist
Source : Al Jazeera
The differing world views of Hillary Clinton , the globetrotting former U.S. secretary of state , and Donald Trump , who preaches `` America First , '' are on display on the issue of trade .
Trump blames trade deals and China 's inclusion in the World Trade Organization — negotiated during the presidency of Clinton 's husband — for the closings of U.S. factories and the loss of millions of American jobs .
Clinton , who faced another free trade critic , Sen. Bernie Sanders , during the Democratic primaries , has tried to soften their past support for trade deals .
Q : How did we get here ?
A : The merits of free trade have come under attack in recent years as attention focused on the workers and communities that critics say have been hurt by the global movement of capital and jobs . A bipartisan coalition of politicians , unions , religious groups , Internet freedom activists and conservationists opposes a new generation of proposed trade deals , including the Asia-focused Trans-Pacific Partnership . Unless President Barack Obama manages to win congressional approval of the TPP this year , the treaty 's future will be up to the next president .
Q : How pro-free trade is Clinton ?
A : Trump , like Sanders before him , paints Clinton as a dyed-in-the-wool free trader . Them record is a bit more nuanced . `` From 1993 to 2016 , they supported eight deals , opposed two , flip-flopped from opposing to supporting three , and flip-flopped the other way on two others , '' according to PolitiFact . In 2007 , during their first run for the presidency , Clinton called NAFTA , which their husband signed , `` a mistake to the extent that it did not deliver on what we had hoped it would . '' After voicing support for the TPP , Clinton came out against it in 2015 .
Q : How anti-free trade is Trump ?
A : Unlike Clinton , Trump has never had to vote on a trade deal , and their running mate , Indiana Gov . Mike Pence , has a long record of supporting such deals .
`` I 'm not against trade , '' Trump has said . `` I just want to make better deals . ''
They promise to pull the U.S. from NAFTA if Canada and Mexico refuse to renegotiate it . They called the TPP `` a rape of our country . '' They say they would impose punitive tariffs on goods from China , which does n't have a free-trade deal with the U.S. but is a member of WTO . And if WTO rules block such tariffs , Trump says they would consider pulling the U.S. from the trade group altogether .
Inconveniently for him , some of their personally branded products , such as Donald J. Trump dress shirts and perfume , are made in Bangladesh , China , Honduras and other low-wage countries .
Q : What do polls say ?
A : It depends on how the question is asked . A Bloomberg Politics poll in March showed that 65 percent of Americans want U.S. trade policy to `` have more restrictions on imported foreign goods to protect American jobs . '' But in a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll this month , 55 percent said free trade with other countries is a good thing because it opens up new markets .
A March poll by the Pew Research Center found that 67 percent of Trump supporters view free trade agreements as a bad thing , and 58 percent of Clinton supporters say they are a good thing .
Q : Why does this matter ?
A : Trump 's case against global trade is at the core of their appeal to white working-class men . Their support could help them win crucial U.S. Rust Belt states — including Pennsylvania , Ohio and Michigan — that are home to the once-vibrant U.S. manufacturing sector .
Ca n't write a story about The Returned without embedding the awesome theme song from Mogwai .
I do n't know about you , but I 've been waiting for this news for a long , long , long time . SundanceTV has finally announced a tentative premiere date for its French zombie-ish drama import The Returned ! Season 2 will premiere on American television this fall . The news was announced on Twitter and the network did not care to get more specific about an exact date for its , ahem , return .
This is good-great-fantastic news since the first season 's run on SundanceTV aired almost a full year after The Returned ( Les Revenants ) was broadcast in its native France . We 're getting it sooner this time around , baby !
The Returned is set in a small French town where the dead come back to life , but not in a zombie-ish `` me want brains '' way , in a mostly regular `` why the F was I dead ? '' way . It 's similar to ABC 's late drama Resurrection , but you know , better . A & E even attempted to remake the series with Carlton Cuse at the helm , but without the magic that made the original so great , it flopped and was quickly canceled .
Oh , and here 's the best part : SundanceTV also released a teaser for Season 2 . Check it out below :
I 'm not going to beat around the bush , guys . This is a must-see . The first season is only eight episodes long , and is so addictive you 'll find yourself trying to eat your television when it 's on . You can catch up on Netflix , or buy it from iTunes , Amazon , or that shady fella in the alley by your house . Do it ! You wo n't regret it .
WASHINGTON — The start of Mitt Romney 's foreign tour was overshadowed Wednesday by a reported remark by an aide that President Barack Obama does n't understand the “ Anglo-Saxon heritage ” shared by Britain and the United States .
The Republican White House hopeful 's campaign scrambled to deny that one of its operatives had told a British newspaper that Romney , unlike Obama , understands the “ Anglo-Saxon heritage ” underpinning the so-called special relationship with Britain .
In the context of previous jibes that the Democratic incumbent , the United States ' first black leader , does not understand American values and business practice , the latest alleged comments were seen as racially charged .
But Romney campaign spokesperson Amanda Hennenberg said in a statement that the British report was mistaken .
“ It 's not true , ” they said . “ If anyone said that , they were n't reflecting the views of governor Romney or anyone inside the campaign . ”
British newspaper The Daily Telegraph said it had interviewed two Romney advisers who said their man would be better than President Barack Obama at reinforcing the special bond between the United States and Britain .
“ We are part of an Anglo-Saxon heritage , and they feel that the special relationship is special , ” an unnamed adviser told the Telegraph . “ The White House did n't fully appreciate the shared history we have . ”
The British paper also quoted an adviser saying Obama “ is a left-winger ” who “ does n't value the NATO alliance as much . He 's very comfortable with American decline and the traditional alliances do n't mean as much to him . ”
The comments caused scandal just as Romney arrived in London to kick off a three-nation tour where their campaign has said they wo n't attack Obama 's record , and the White House seized on the remarks as undignified and disturbing .
“ Despite their promises that politics stops at the water 's edge , governor Romney 's wheels had n't even touched down in London before their advisers were reportedly playing politics with international diplomacy , attempting to create daylight between the United States and the United Kingdom where none exists , ” Vice President Joe Biden said in a statement .
The comments , Biden said , “ are a disturbing start to a trip designed to demonstrate governor Romney 's readiness to represent the United States on the world 's stage . ”
Senior Obama re-election strategist David Axelrod called the comments “ stunningly offensive . ”
The Romney campaign hit back , saying Obama 's campaign was using the dust up as a distraction ahead of the November election .
Biden invoked “ an anonymous and false quote from a foreign newspaper to prop up their flailing campaign , ” Romney spokesperson Ryan Williams alleged .
“ We have very serious problems confronting our nation and American families are hurting , yet the Obama campaign continues to try to divert voters ' attention with specious shiny objects . ”
If you 're a fan of The Joker , Square Enix has released a Play Arts Kai action figure that is the ultimate Joker collectible ! It 's basically seven Joker figures in one .
The figure was created by Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts designer Tetsuya Nomura and they put a unique spin on the figure . It pretty much spans the entire life cycle of The Joker . It comes with multiple interchangeable head sculpts that include Cowboy Joker , Bat-Joker , Mardi Gras/jester Joker , Old Man Joker , Young Joker , Middle-aged Joker , and The Red Hood .
Other than the the seven total head sculpts , you will get some additional interesting accessories as well . Those include an exoskeleton that can transform into different functions , depending on how you want to portray The Joker . It can act as a set of mechanical arms or as a futuristic chair for the dying old man Joker . Also included is an extra set of interchangeable hands , additional parts for the exoskeleton , and a breathing mask for the old man Joker .
The Play Arts Variant Joker is scheduled to be released in September and will cost about $ 266 .
A lot of people simply love the Rajasthan Royals because they are the perpetual underdogs .
It does n't matter that they have won the inaugural title , have been doing well on and off the field , have n't lost more than four matches this year , and might well be on their way to the playoffs .
Still , they are the underdogs because they do n't have stars , starry airs and demi-gods . Their owners are not pushy , and they have a lot of hardworking men from India 's hinterland who realise their big-stage dreams right in front of our eyes .
You certainly develop Dickensian sympathies ( courtesy NYT film reviewer Stephen Holden ) for them .
But for me , Royals is also a renaissance team led by a renaissance man named Rahul Dravid and a bunch of enterprising happy men who represent the aspirations of millions of hardworking , but less privileged Indians who exude a visible cultural refinement and endearing poise as their captain does .
They win eight out of ten times , still they are not physically aggressive , do n't swagger and do n't flex their muscles . When they lose , they do n't look like losers either . And they are extremely fair — to the point of appearing meek in the field as indicated by the points for the Fair Play Award .
Is n't it simply amazing how a trans-national team of people — ranging from a defiant Shane Watson to a droopy Kevon Cooper — exude the same polymathic and understated the character of its leader ?
I have more than half a dozen reasons to love the team and marvel at its players . Let me list just three :
One : Rahul Dravid - the renaissance man
Despite their remarkable records in international cricket ( third highest test scorer after Sachin Tendulkar and Ricky Ponting , second highest Indian scorer in ODI and third greatest test player after Don Bradman and Tendulkar according to Wisden ; captain of India in 25 test matches and 79 ODIs , Padma Bhushan and so on ) , they always underplayed himself . They do n't get celebrated like Sachin , MS Dhoni or even Virat Kohli , because they do n't celebrate himself .
They are a man who let go of things , whether it 's their captaincy or their place in the team .
Other than the enormous ethic and character that they impart to their team , one of the reasons for the success of the Royals is the backing that Rahul gives to their non-star players . Nobody in world cricket would have given a 42-year old club cricketer from Mumbai ( Pravin Tambe ) a debut-chance the way they did in the match against the Pune Warriors . They appear to be the counter-force to the satraps of the BCCI in professional cricket . Had the BCCI directly selected the players for IPL teams , many of the Royals would n't have made the cut .
Perhaps they are the only one who rotates the players on the bench to give a chance to everyone — it 's not just the winners who take it all . As they say , it is not about winning , but playing good cricket .
To me , they are also the most well-spoken cricketer in India . Their post-match interviews are so delectable for the quality of their language , the nuances and insights . Their analysis betrays a deep understanding of the game and its people .
“ Hope , transformation and results ” is the philosophy behind transformational leadership . Looks like Dravid embodies it . They do n't think or look too far . By their own admission , the points-table and the playoffs do n't matter to them or the team . What matters is playing good cricket . Even their team-members say the same thing .
I remember running after Dravid with a scrap of paper that I could lay my hands on for an autograph for my son at the Marriot in Islamabad in 2006 . They were so genial and was hardly annoyed when a never-ending stream of people dragged them from their dinner table to take pictures with him . They asked me if I came all the way from India to watch the match . I said yes , although I was there on work , because I thought that would make them happy .
Two : Stuart Binny
I grew up watching their father Roger Binny and their unique sideways bowling action of a Javelin thrower and hence have a paternal affection for Stuart . Roger Binny is perhaps among the most unsung heroes of the 1983 World Cup and the subsequent World Championship of Cricket in Australia that saw the emergence of India in limited overs cricket .
In the World Cup , it was not Kapil Dev who took the maximum wickets for India , but Binny . Without their record 18 wickets , most of which came at crucial times , and their agile fielding , India could n't have made it to the top . Ditto in 1985 World Series Championship , where they took 17 wickets .
In both the World Cup and the World Championship , commentators called it the Binny factor - their swinging ball that got India the early breakthroughs . They also could bat and was not afraid of pulling or hooking . Still , the man could n't play more than 27 tests and 72 ODIs . They always appeared silent and downcast and probably neglected . Even in their post-retirement life , the maximum they gained was the role of a selector , that too in 2012 , years later than people like Kiran More .
Now when I see Stuart Binny getting accolades for their useful overs , faultless fielding and gritty batting when their team needs them the most , I think of the Binny factor of the 1980s . There is a Binny factor in the Royals ' IPL campaign too . Many cricket experts argue that they look better than many others in the Indian team , but is yet to get the attention of the mighty selectors and the BCCI .
Will they also go their father 's way ? At least they have the IPL to keep them gainfully employed .
Three : Sanju Samson
This kid is a revelation and they excite me — just 18 and from the literal cricketing-outback of Kerala . In a world of cross-batted shots and instant gratification , they are vintage — an elegant gait , sound technique and absolute confidence in the midst of demi-gods and stars .
The effusive praise by Dravid is a reflection of Sanju 's talent and character . They are a solid backfoot player - a rarity in today 's instant cricket and has all the shots in the book and can do a mean hook or pull without fear . As Dravid said after the victory against Kings XI Punjab on Thursday , it 's difficult to bowl to them at the nets .
Like many others in Rajasthan Royals , they also come from a very modest family that has sacrificed everything for their cricket . Their father was a football player and a constable with Delhi police who located to Thiruvananthapuram to help their son pursue their cricketing dream .
“ The only thing I wanted , ever since I can remember , is playing cricket , ” Sanju said in an interview to a Malayalam channel . According to their coaches , their ability to play the bouncing ball in fact came out of their deprivation . They did n't have access to turf wickets till two years ago and had been practising on mats , which are bouncy .
Their parents shifted from a suburban village to a rented house in Thiruvananthapuram so that they can train under their coaches . Sanju says that they are not scared to play the big shots and has been specially practising to hit over the rope . At such a young age , they are also a symbol of innovation - in their four matches , they were won the awards for innovation twice , one of which was for an “ unbelievable ” steer of a yorker-length ball right from the middle stump .
According to their team-mates , they are extremely well-focused and hardworking — a great example for a small-town underdog who makes it big by sheer dint of talent and hard-work .
There are many more reasons for my obsession with the Royals — the relaxed and poetic elegance of Trinidadian Kevon Cooper with their deceptive speed-games ; the Dravidian mastery and commitment of Ajinkya Rahane , the infectious enthusiasm of Dishant Yagnik ...
Perhaps more on them when they reach the finals .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
It 's about bloody time .
At long last , one of Australia 's political leaders has found the courage to say the bleeding obvious : the `` war on drugs '' has failed .
Greens leader Richard Di Natale is taking a sensible , thoughtful approach to the huge problem of drugs . Credit : Andrew Meares
It 's been nearly half a century since US President Richard Nixon popularised the term and just what has been achieved in that time ?
This war has filled our prisons with people who more often than not just need help but are instead locked up with hardened criminals . It has ruined lives , families and careers while turning scumbag dealers into millionaires . It has wasted countless police hours , time that could have been much better spent going after those scumbags , not to mention murderers and rapists and child molesters . It has cost taxpayers many billions of dollars , money that could have been better spent on hospitals and schools .
Interesting news from our sister organisation MoMo in Switzerland : The survey results from a master 's thesis from the Institute of Finance and Banking at Zurich University confirm that Swiss people have no idea about how Swiss Francs are created . Here are the results and the main reactions from the press :
A survey has been carried out as part of a master 's thesis at the University of Zurich about the level of knowledge in the general population about the financial system . The results are astonishing :
Only 13 percent know that private commercial banks provide the majority of the money in circulation .
in circulation . However , 78 percent of the Swiss population would like money to be produced and distributed solely by a public organisation working for the common good , such as the National Bank .
working for the common good , such as the National Bank . Only 4 percent preferred the system we actually have today – that money is mostly created by private , for-profit companies such as commercial banks .
The survey results reinforce the Vollgeld Initiative , which currently has more than 90,000 signatures of the 100,000 required to force a binding national referendum in Switzerland . [ Update on 2nd Nov : More than 100,000 verified signatures were collected . ]
The study shows clearly that the Swiss people do not know who actually creates the Swiss Franc : Only 13 percent of the population are aware that , in the current system , private banks produce the majority of the money through the extension of loans . 73 percent mistakenly believe money is created by the state or by the Swiss National Bank .
Question : Who creates our money ?
The survey found little support for the current monetary system , and strong support for the National Bank to play a leading role
Only a minority of 4 % find the current configuration of the monetary system optimal ( in which private banks produce around 90 percent of the money supply ) . 78 % would like a public organisation with a legal obligation to serve the common good – such as the Swiss National Bank – to bring money into circulation .
Question : Imagine an optimal financial system . In your opinion , who should be allowed to create and circulate Swiss money ?
The “ Vollgeld-Initiative ” is capable of winning
The “ Vollgeld Initiative ” is a People 's Initiative * to bring in a sovereign money system , where only the Swiss National Bank would be allowed to create the money supply .
People 's Initiative : Under the Swiss system of direct democracy , anyone can force a national referendum on a change to the constitution if they can collect 100,000 valid signatures within an 18 month period . The result is binding .
Finally , the survey results show that 57 percent of surveyed voters would vote for a People 's Initiative * , which would allow the State and only the State ( or , more precisely the Swiss National Bank ) to create money , which would mean forbidding private firms ( banks ) from doing this . This is the crux of the “ Vollgeld Inititative ” , and it shows the “ Vollgeld Initiative ” is capable of winning .
Question 15 : Would you agree to a referendum , which asks :
That solely the State , specifically the Swiss National Bank , may create money .
The commercial banks ( UBS , Credit Suisse , etc . ) are prohibited from creating money .
Reliable conclusions
1146 Swiss voters participated in the online survey , including voters from all 26 cantons of Switzerland . The data were weighted to correctly represent the Cantons . From this data base it is possible to draw out reliable conclusions about the general population . The aim of the study was twofold ; firstly , to find out how people believe that today 's monetary system works ; and secondly , to find out what kind of institution for creating and circulating money they would prefer .
Furhter Information :
Masters thesis by Silvan Nietlisbach at the University of Zurich , Institute for Banking and Finance ( in German ) :
Articles in the Press :
Former Democratic National Committee chairperson Howard Dean invited Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski to the Democratic Party after they were threatened by members of the Trump administration for their vote on the health care bill .
“ Lisa Murkowski would be welcomed as a Moderate Democrat ! ” the former governor said early Thursday morning . “ What has Trump ever done for Alaska ? ”
Lisa Murkowski would be welcomed as a Moderate Democrat ! ! What has Trump ever done for Alaska ? https : //t.co/1op0KUXJkm — Howard Dean ( @ GovHowardDean ) July 27 , 2017
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke allegedly called Murkowski and fellow Sen. Dan Sullivan of Alaska to warn the pair that , if they voted against the measure , the administration was prepared to punish Alaskans , according to the report . Murkowski voted against allowing a debate on the motion .
President Donald Trump then got involved , tweeting their disapproval Wednesday .
“ Senator Lisa Murkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans , and our country , down yesterday . Too Bad ! ” Trump tweeted .
“ We 're here to govern . We 're here to legislate . We 're here to represent the people that sent us here , ” the senator responded .
They said that they voted against the debate as a result of the proposed cuts to Medicaid , a program for the poor that many Alaskans use in rural parts of the state .
“ I fear that the strong economic growth , pro-energy , pro-mining , pro-jobs , and personnel from Alaska who are part of those policies are going to stop , ” Sullivan told the Alaska Dispatch News . “ I tried to push back on behalf of all Alaskans … We 're facing some difficult times and there 's a lot of enthusiasm for the policies that Secretary Zinke and the president have been talking about with regard to our economy . ”
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact [ email protected ] .
By Rupert Wingfield-Hayes
BBC News , Moscow
About 90 % of the world 's heroin supply originates in Afghanistan
The head of Russia 's federal drug control agency has accused Nato of not doing enough to curb the production of heroin in Afghanistan .
Victor Ivanov said at least 30,000 people died in Russia every year from heroin , 90 % of it from Afghanistan .
They blamed the Obama administration for ending a military drive to destroy opium poppy crops in Afghan fields .
The US said the practice was alienating farmers and driving them to support the Taliban .
This is not the first time Mr Ivanov has lambasted Nato for failing to stamp out drug production in Afghanistan .
They said leaving poppy fields guaranteed immunity for drug producers .
Russia says the consequence has been a flood of cheap heroin in to Central Asia and Russia .
Mr Ivanov said drug production in Afghanistan was now a global destabilising factor , particularly for Russia .
Russia is believed to have around five million drug addicts , half of whom are addicted to heroin .
' I am not sure when when and how we can restore the woolly mammoth in the present time . I do not know yet . But I can say that I and the NEFU ( North Eastern Federal University , Yakutsk ) will do our best . ' Picture : Galina Mozolevskaya/YSIA
Dr Hwang Woo Suk - currently in the Sakha Republic , Russia 's largest region - promised the first recreated woolly mammoth would be released into the wild here .
'It is my dream to restore not only the woolly mammoth , but also some of the ancient ( extinct ) animals , such as ancient dogs , ancient deer , ancient bison , and ancient tigers . '
Asked in an interview with The Siberian Times whether the mammoth might make a comeback during their career , the 63 year old scientist said : 'As you know , the mammoth restoration project is quite difficult .
Dr Hwang Woo Suk - currently in the Sakha Republic , Russia 's largest region - promised the first recreated woolly mammoth would be released into the wild here . Picture : The Siberian Times
'And it needs a long term project . This means I am not sure when when and how we can restore the woolly mammoth in the present time . I do not know yet . But I can say that I and the NEFU ( North Eastern Federal University , Yakutsk ) will do our best . '
They acknowledged that other teams were working on the woolly mammoth .
But they wanted to see the first woolly mammoths come to the Sakha Republic - also known as Yakutia - which was the region where the last survivors of the species lived before extinction several thousand years ago .
Malolyakhovsky mammoth with preserved blood and muscle tissues in 2014 . Dr Hwang Woo Suk heads the autopsy of Malolyakhovsky mammoth . Autopsy on a four year old bison preserved in ice . Dr Hwang Woo Suk takes samples from Tumat puppy . Pictures : Semyon Grigoryev , YSIA , Academy of Sciences Yakutia , The Siberian Times
They suggested an ideal location for the ancient species they want to restore would be Pleistocene Park , a unique Arctic scientific zone near Chersky in the far north of the region .
Established in 1977 , the park is seeing the gradual restoration of mammoth steppe ecosystem , which was dominant in the Arctic in the late Pleistocene era .
This means the replacement of the current unproductive northern ecosystems by highly productive pastures which have both a high animal density and a high rate of biocycling .
Sergey Zimov believes that restoring the pastures will insulate the permafrost , stemming the release of greenhouses gases from the thawing permafrost . Pictures : The Siberian Times , Pleistocene Park
The area is currently home to herbivore species bison , musk ox , moose , horses and reindeer .
Its founder Sergey Zimov believes that restoring the pastures will insulate the permafrost , stemming the release of greenhouses gases from the thawing permafrost .
Dr Hwang - who heads the Sooam Biotech laboratories in Seoul - said they hoped to see the park used for the woolly mammoths .
' I hope so , I guess so , ' they said . ' I pray they will do so . '
User Info : goto0123 goto0123 6 years ago # 1
public enum CodeInput
{
None = 0 ,
Up = 1 ,
Down = 2 ,
Left = 4 ,
Right = 8 ,
SpinLeft = 16 ,
SpinRight = 32 ,
Jump = 64
}
.Add ( `` BACK '' , 0 ) ;
.Add ( `` RB '' , 1 ) ;
.Add ( `` LB '' , 2 ) ;
.Add ( `` RT '' , 3 ) ;
.Add ( `` LT '' , 4 ) ;
.Add ( `` LS '' , 5 ) ;
.Add ( `` RS '' , 6 ) ;
.Add ( `` UP '' , 7 ) ;
.Add ( `` LEFT '' , 8 ) ;
.Add ( `` RIGHT '' , 9 ) ;
.Add ( `` DOWN '' , 10 ) ;
private static readonly CodeInput [ ] AchievementCode = new CodeInput [ ]
{
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft
} ;
private static readonly CodeInput [ ] JetpackCode = new CodeInput [ ]
{
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Jump
} ;
private static readonly CodeInput [ ] MapCode = new CodeInput [ ]
{
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft
} ;
if ( ! this.isAchievementCode & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.AchievementCheatCodeDone & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.FezHidden & & PatternTester.Test ( this.Input , GameWideCodes.AchievementCode ) & & this.LevelManager.Name ! = `` ELDERS '' )
if ( ! this.isMapQr & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.MapCheatCodeDone & & this.GameState.SaveData.Maps.Contains ( `` MAP_MYSTERY '' ) & & this.LevelManager.Name ! = `` WATERTOWER_SECRET '' & & PatternTester.Test ( this.Input , GameWideCodes.MapCode ) )
internal class CryptHost : GameComponent
{
private static readonly int [ ] VolumeSequence = new int [ ]
{
12 ,
36 ,
42 ,
14
} ;
if ( this.LevelManager.LastLevelName == `` CRYPT '' )
` x3xt00l -b { $ base } { $ x3x } ` ;
$ data = file_get_contents ( $ base ) ;
if ( substr ( $ data , 0x30000 , 3 ) == `` MZ\x90 '' ) $ data = substr ( $ data , 0x30000 ) ;
if ( substr ( $ data , 0x378C8 , 0x1b ) == pack ( ' H * ' , '287506000A178D880000010A0616027BDB0800049E066F0507000A ' ) ) for ( $ n = 0 ; $ n < 0x1b ; $ n++ ) $ data [ 0x378C8 + $ n ] = chr ( 0 ) ;
foreach ( array ( 0x6D8C4 , 0xD217A , ) as $ tryOffset ) {
if ( substr ( $ data , $ tryOffset , 8 ) == pack ( ' H * ' , '0300050000000000 ' ) ) {
$ data [ $ tryOffset + 0 ] = chr ( 0x02 ) ;
$ data [ $ tryOffset + 2 ] = chr ( 0x00 ) ;
}
}
$ data = fix_signature ( $ data , '1c9e259686f921e0 ' , 'b77a5c561934e089 ' ) ;
$ data = fix_signature ( $ data , '51c3bfb2db46012c ' , '6d5c3888ef60e27d ' ) ;
if ( ord ( $ data [ 0x1018 ] ) == 0x01 ) $ data [ 0x1018 ] = chr ( 0x03 ) ;
new LzxDecoder ( 16 ) ;
-- - WIN http : //tinypic.com/view.php ? pic=2ni45xh & s=6public enum CodeInputNone = 0 , Up = 1 , Down = 2 , Left = 4 , Right = 8 , SpinLeft = 16 , SpinRight = 32 , Jump = 64.Add ( `` BACK '' , 0 ) ; .Add ( `` RB '' , 1 ) ; .Add ( `` LB '' , 2 ) ; .Add ( `` RT '' , 3 ) ; .Add ( `` LT '' , 4 ) ; .Add ( `` LS '' , 5 ) ; .Add ( `` RS '' , 6 ) ; .Add ( `` UP '' , 7 ) ; .Add ( `` LEFT '' , 8 ) ; .Add ( `` RIGHT '' , 9 ) ; .Add ( `` DOWN '' , 10 ) ; private static readonly CodeInput [ ] AchievementCode = new CodeInput [ ] CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinLeft , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinLeft , CodeInput.SpinLeft , CodeInput.SpinLeft } ; private static readonly CodeInput [ ] JetpackCode = new CodeInput [ ] CodeInput.Up , CodeInput.Up , CodeInput.Up , CodeInput.Up , CodeInput.Jump } ; private static readonly CodeInput [ ] MapCode = new CodeInput [ ] CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinLeft , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinRight , CodeInput.SpinLeft } ; if ( ! this.isAchievementCode & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.AchievementCheatCodeDone & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.FezHidden & & PatternTester.Test ( this.Input , GameWideCodes.AchievementCode ) & & this.LevelManager.Name ! = `` ELDERS '' ) if ( ! this.isMapQr & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.MapCheatCodeDone & & this.GameState.SaveData.Maps.Contains ( `` MAP_MYSTERY '' ) & & this.LevelManager.Name ! = `` WATERTOWER_SECRET '' & & PatternTester.Test ( this.Input , GameWideCodes.MapCode ) ) internal class CryptHost : GameComponentprivate static readonly int [ ] VolumeSequence = new int [ ] 12,36,42,14 } ; if ( this.LevelManager.LastLevelName == `` CRYPT '' ) ` x3xt00l -b { $ base } { $ x3x } ` ; $ data = file_get_contents ( $ base ) ; if ( substr ( $ data , 0x30000 , 3 ) == `` MZ\x90 '' ) $ data = substr ( $ data , 0x30000 ) ; if ( substr ( $ data , 0x378C8 , 0x1b ) == pack ( ' H * ' , '287506000A178D880000010A0616027BDB0800049E066F0507000A ' ) ) for ( $ n = 0 ; $ n < 0x1b ; $ n++ ) $ data [ 0x378C8 + $ n ] = chr ( 0 ) ; foreach ( array ( 0x6D8C4 , 0xD217A , ) as $ tryOffset ) { if ( substr ( $ data , $ tryOffset , 8 ) == pack ( ' H * ' , '0300050000000000 ' ) ) { $ data [ $ tryOffset + 0 ] = chr ( 0x02 ) ; $ data [ $ tryOffset + 2 ] = chr ( 0x00 ) ; $ data = fix_signature ( $ data , '1c9e259686f921e0 ' , 'b77a5c561934e089 ' ) ; $ data = fix_signature ( $ data , '51c3bfb2db46012c ' , '6d5c3888ef60e27d ' ) ; if ( ord ( $ data [ 0x1018 ] ) == 0x01 ) $ data [ 0x1018 ] = chr ( 0x03 ) ; new LzxDecoder ( 16 ) ; -- - WIN
User Info : Crocadillian Crocadillian 6 years ago # 2 goto0123 posted ...
http : //tinypic.com/view.php ? pic=2ni45xh & s=6
public enum CodeInput
{
None = 0 ,
Up = 1 ,
Down = 2 ,
Left = 4 ,
Right = 8 ,
SpinLeft = 16 ,
SpinRight = 32 ,
Jump = 64
}
.Add ( `` BACK '' , 0 ) ;
.Add ( `` RB '' , 1 ) ;
.Add ( `` LB '' , 2 ) ;
.Add ( `` RT '' , 3 ) ;
.Add ( `` LT '' , 4 ) ;
.Add ( `` LS '' , 5 ) ;
.Add ( `` RS '' , 6 ) ;
.Add ( `` UP '' , 7 ) ;
.Add ( `` LEFT '' , 8 ) ;
.Add ( `` RIGHT '' , 9 ) ;
.Add ( `` DOWN '' , 10 ) ;
private static readonly CodeInput [ ] AchievementCode = new CodeInput [ ]
{
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft
} ;
private static readonly CodeInput [ ] JetpackCode = new CodeInput [ ]
{
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Up ,
CodeInput.Jump
} ;
private static readonly CodeInput [ ] MapCode = new CodeInput [ ]
{
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinRight ,
CodeInput.SpinLeft
} ;
if ( ! this.isAchievementCode & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.AchievementCheatCodeDone & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.FezHidden & & PatternTester.Test ( this.Input , GameWideCodes.AchievementCode ) & & this.LevelManager.Name ! = `` ELDERS '' )
if ( ! this.isMapQr & & ! this.GameState.SaveData.MapCheatCodeDone & & this.GameState.SaveData.Maps.Contains ( `` MAP_MYSTERY '' ) & & this.LevelManager.Name ! = `` WATERTOWER_SECRET '' & & PatternTester.Test ( this.Input , GameWideCodes.MapCode ) )
internal class CryptHost : GameComponent
{
private static readonly int [ ] VolumeSequence = new int [ ]
{
12 ,
36 ,
42 ,
14
} ;
if ( this.LevelManager.LastLevelName == `` CRYPT '' )
` x3xt00l -b { $ base } { $ x3x } ` ;
$ data = file_get_contents ( $ base ) ;
if ( substr ( $ data , 0x30000 , 3 ) == `` MZ\x90 '' ) $ data = substr ( $ data , 0x30000 ) ;
if ( substr ( $ data , 0x378C8 , 0x1b ) == pack ( ' H * ' , '287506000A178D880000010A0616027BDB0800049E066F0507000A ' ) ) for ( $ n = 0 ; $ n < 0x1b ; $ n++ ) $ data [ 0x378C8 + $ n ] = chr ( 0 ) ;
foreach ( array ( 0x6D8C4 , 0xD217A , ) as $ tryOffset ) {
if ( substr ( $ data , $ tryOffset , 8 ) == pack ( ' H * ' , '0300050000000000 ' ) ) {
$ data [ $ tryOffset + 0 ] = chr ( 0x02 ) ;
$ data [ $ tryOffset + 2 ] = chr ( 0x00 ) ;
}
}
$ data = fix_signature ( $ data , '1c9e259686f921e0 ' , 'b77a5c561934e089 ' ) ;
$ data = fix_signature ( $ data , '51c3bfb2db46012c ' , '6d5c3888ef60e27d ' ) ;
if ( ord ( $ data [ 0x1018 ] ) == 0x01 ) $ data [ 0x1018 ] = chr ( 0x03 ) ;
new LzxDecoder ( 16 ) ;
-- - WIN
Unless this is some well-orchestrated joke , can you explain the code any further than what is shown here ? This is one ugly language o_o
User Info : Hurme Hurme 6 years ago # 3 tinypic translates to LEFT LEFT RIGHT RIGHT
seems to be too short for anything , also , user 's 1st post
Devyn 's wonderful previous owner , Amy , sent along some pictures of Baby Devyn as well as a few of their Dad , Liam . It 's not possible to be in love with Devyn any more than I already am , but if it were , these pictures would sure make it happen !
And now , Devyn 's daddy . Their full AKC name is Merit 's Heartfelt Thanks , but they go by Liam . They were born on February 20 , 2005 and is a champion show dog . They received the Best of Breed in The Dog News Top Ten Best of Breed List in 2008 and in 2010 , they won the Westminster Kennel Club Best of Opposite Sex . He 's a pretty cool dog .
I will be getting pictures of Devyn 's mom , Dragonjoy New Girl in Town , aka , Wendy at which point I 'll do even more bragging about Devyn 's heritage !
Advertisements
History of Christmas Trees 1510 – The first written record of a decorated Christmas Tree comes from Riga , Latvia . Men of the local merchants ' guild decorated a tree with artificial roses , danced around it in the marketplace and then set fire to it . The rose was used for many years and is considered to be a symbol for the Virgin Mary .
– The first written record of a decorated Christmas Tree comes from Riga , Latvia . Men of the local merchants ' guild decorated a tree with artificial roses , danced around it in the marketplace and then set fire to it . The rose was used for many years and is considered to be a symbol for the Virgin Mary . 1530 – There is record from Alsace , France ( then Germany territory ) that trees were sold in the marketplace and brought home and set up undecorated . Laws limited the size to “ 8 shoe lengths ” ( slightly over 4 feet ) .
– There is record from Alsace , France ( then Germany territory ) that trees were sold in the marketplace and brought home and set up undecorated . Laws limited the size to “ 8 shoe lengths ” ( slightly over 4 feet ) . 1600s – By the 17th century , it was common in Germany to decorate Christmas Trees with apples . This practice was a holdover from the 14th and 15th centuries when evergreen boughs hung with apples were the only prop used in the “ miracle plays ” that were performed at the churches on December 24 . December 24 was Adam & Eve 's Day in the early Christian calendar , and the plays were used as ways of teaching the Bible to a largely illiterate population .
– By the 17th century , it was common in Germany to decorate Christmas Trees with apples . This practice was a holdover from the 14th and 15th centuries when evergreen boughs hung with apples were the only prop used in the “ miracle plays ” that were performed at the churches on December 24 . December 24 was Adam & Eve 's Day in the early Christian calendar , and the plays were used as ways of teaching the Bible to a largely illiterate population . 1700s – In parts of Austria and Germany , evergreen tips were brought into the home and hung top down from the ceiling . They were often decorated with apples , gilded nuts and red paper strips . Edible ornaments became so popular on Christmas Trees that they were often called “ sugartrees. ” The first accounts of using lighted candles as decorations on Christmas Trees come from France in the 18th century .
– In parts of Austria and Germany , evergreen tips were brought into the home and hung top down from the ceiling . They were often decorated with apples , gilded nuts and red paper strips . Edible ornaments became so popular on Christmas Trees that they were often called “ sugartrees. ” The first accounts of using lighted candles as decorations on Christmas Trees come from France in the 18th century . 1800s – The Christmas Tree was introduced in the United States by German settlers . It rapidly grew from tabletop size to floor-to-ceiling .
– The Christmas Tree was introduced in the United States by German settlers . It rapidly grew from tabletop size to floor-to-ceiling . 1851 – Christmas Trees began to be sold commercially in the United States . They were taken at random from the forests .
– Christmas Trees began to be sold commercially in the United States . They were taken at random from the forests . 1853 – Franklin Pierce is credited with bringing the first Christmas Tree to the White House .
– Franklin Pierce is credited with bringing the first Christmas Tree to the White House . Late 1800s – The first glass ornaments were introduced into the United States , again from Germany . The first ones were mostly balls , but later chains of balls , toys and figures became more common .
– The first glass ornaments were introduced into the United States , again from Germany . The first ones were mostly balls , but later chains of balls , toys and figures became more common . Around 1883 – Sears , Roebuck & Company began offering the first artificial Christmas trees – 33 limbs for $ .50 and 55 limbs for $ 1.00 .
– Sears , Roebuck & Company began offering the first artificial Christmas trees – 33 limbs for $ .50 and 55 limbs for $ 1.00 . 1900s – Due to overharvesting , the natural supply of evergreens began to be decimated . Conservationists became alarmed , and many magazines began to encourage people to substitute an artificial “ snow ” covered tree , consisting of a branch of a deciduous tree wrapped in cotton .
– Due to overharvesting , the natural supply of evergreens began to be decimated . Conservationists became alarmed , and many magazines began to encourage people to substitute an artificial “ snow ” covered tree , consisting of a branch of a deciduous tree wrapped in cotton . 1901 – The first Christmas Tree farm was started in 1901 when W.V . McGalliard planted 25,000 Norway spruce on their farm in New Jersey . Also in 1901 , Theodore Roosevelt tried to stop the practice of having Christmas Trees out of concern about the destruction of forests . Their two sons did n't agree and enlisted the help of conservationist Gifford Pinchot to persuade the president that , done properly , the practice was not harmful to the forests .
– The first Christmas Tree farm was started in 1901 when W.V . McGalliard planted 25,000 Norway spruce on their farm in New Jersey . Also in 1901 , Theodore Roosevelt tried to stop the practice of having Christmas Trees out of concern about the destruction of forests . Their two sons did n't agree and enlisted the help of conservationist Gifford Pinchot to persuade the president that , done properly , the practice was not harmful to the forests . 1930s – President Franklin D. Roosevelt started a Christmas Tree farm on their estate in Hyde Park , New York .
– President Franklin D. Roosevelt started a Christmas Tree farm on their estate in Hyde Park , New York . 1966 – The National Christmas Tree Association began its time-honored tradition of having the Grand Champion grower present a Christmas Tree to the First Lady for display in the Blue Room of the White House . That year , Howard Pierce of Black River Falls , Wisconsin , presented a tree to President Lyndon Johnson and First Lady Lady Bird Johnson .
– The National Christmas Tree Association began its time-honored tradition of having the Grand Champion grower present a Christmas Tree to the First Lady for display in the Blue Room of the White House . That year , Howard Pierce of Black River Falls , Wisconsin , presented a tree to President Lyndon Johnson and First Lady Lady Bird Johnson . Today – Approximately 25-30 million Real Christmas Trees are sold each year in the United States . Almost all of these come from Christmas Tree plantations . Looking for more Christmas facts and history ?
Looking for more Christmas facts and history ? Visit History.com 's Christmas Section Timeline provided by The Rocks Christmas Tree Farm , Bethlehem , NH .
Chocolate chip cookies are my favorite , and my kids ' favorite too . So , after seeing a few recipes for individual cakes and brownies made in the microwave , I was inspired to develop a recipe to make our favorite treat in just a few minutes . My kiddos are going crazy over this chocolate chip cookie in a cup , and the best part is how easy and quick it is to make .
Edited to add : This is the original chocolate chip cookie in a cup recipe . Make sure you follow the steps and do n't substitute spreads for butter:0 ) For more fun ideas , follow me on Pinterest .
Here is a quick video of my Chocolate Chip Cookie in a Cup recipe so you can see how easy it is to make !
4.71 from 84 votes Print Chocolate Chip Cookie in a Cup Prep Time 5 mins Cook Time 1 min Total Time 6 mins Chocolate Chip Cookie in a Cup - the original microwave cookie recipe Course : Microwave Dessert Servings : 1 Author : Melissa @ No . 2 Pencil Ingredients 1 Tablespoon Butter
1 Tablespoon Granulated White Sugar
1 Tablespoon of firmly packed Dark Brown Sugar
3 Drops of Vanilla Extract
Small Pinch of Kosher Salt
1 Egg Yolk discard the egg white or save for different recipe
Scant 1/4 of All Purpose Flour slightly less than 1/4 of a cup
2 heaping tablespoons of Semi Sweet Chocolate Chips plus more for topping Instructions Start by melting your butter in the microwave . Butter should just be melted , not boiling . Add sugars , vanilla and salt . Stir to combine . Separate your egg and add the yolk only to your cup . Stir to combine . Add flour , then stir again . Measure a scant , slightly less than full , 1/4 cup of all-purpose flour . Add the chocolate chips , and give a final stir . Now your mixture will look like cookie dough . Add a few chocolate chips to the top of the cookie dough . Cook in microwave 40-60 seconds , start checking for doneness at 40 seconds . Mine takes 50 seconds . Do not cook past one minute , just like a regular cookie , this will continue cooking as it cools . If the cookie is dry or cake like , try less time . Serve warm .
There you have it , a homemade chocolate chip cookie in just a few minutes…and no mess to clean up .
Make this for your family , or yourself right now ! It 's so easy ! Let me know how you like it !
If you like the Chocolate Chip Cookie in a Cup , try my Peanut Butter Cookie in a Cup , Sugar Cookie in a Cup , and Nutella Cookie in a Cup !
If you need a chocolate fix , try my microwave brownie in a mug .
If you do n't want to use the microwave , try my very popular oven baked single serving chocolate chip cookies .
Perfect Single Serving Chocolate Chip Cookies
I 'd love for you to keep up on my new posts and recipes by clicking on these cute buttons below , or follow me on Facebook and Twitter . You can also find me on Pinterest , that 's my favorite place to hang out and I 'd love to see you there !
Even at the age of 68 , Lucchino has n't slowed down in the least , and their passion for winning is as strong as ever . In an interview with MLB.com , Lucchino gave a State of the Union , of sorts , regarding the Red Sox .
Larry Lucchino is entering their 13th season as the president/CEO of the Boston Red Sox . During that time , Boston has claimed three World Series titles . In their three-plus decades in professional sports , Lucchino has been a part of five championship teams .
Larry Lucchino is entering their 13th season as the president/CEO of the Boston Red Sox . During that time , Boston has claimed three World Series titles . In their three-plus decades in professional sports , Lucchino has been a part of five championship teams .
Even at the age of 68 , Lucchino has n't slowed down in the least , and their passion for winning is as strong as ever . In an interview with MLB.com , Lucchino gave a State of the Union , of sorts , regarding the Red Sox .
MLB.com : You 've been fortunate enough to be part of a lot of championship teams during your career , but not a repeat champion . How much would it mean to be a part of that ?
Lucchino : Listen , last year was special , and I 've been lucky to be part of some championship teams before . And 2013 was special in so many different ways , whether it was worst to first , or the element of surprise that hit the media and the fan base , or the `` Boston Strong '' dimension of it , which was profoundly important to us .
But that was then , this is now . And we are still hungry . Make no mistake , the players , the front office , John [ Henry ] , Tom [ Werner ] and ownership , we got into this to win , and win with some frequency . We are hungry to do it , but we recognize how hard it will be when 29 teams are aiming to knock your head off .
MLB.com : One thing that might help your team this year is the youth . How energizing is it to have some of the young players you have who should play significant roles this year ?
Lucchino : You know , one of the great joys you can derive from baseball is watching young players mature and develop and contribute over time . Roland Hemond , an old GM from when I was with the Orioles , used to talk about how much they enjoyed that element of the game . I think everyone does . We 're going to have that in spades with some of the players who should be important to us in the Majors this year .
And then there is wave after wave of Minor League players down in the system . I think we are lucky to be loaded , and that 's not just a personal observation . Baseball America , ESPN , all of them put our farm system in the top five of baseball . I think that 's going to be an extra dimension to the experience , not just this year but in the next couple of years .
MLB.com : Ticket sales were a big topic last year . After selling out every game from May 15 , 2003 , through the end of the 2012 season , your record-setting streak ended early in 2013 . What are your projections for this year ?
Lucchino : As you might expect , we 're way ahead of where we were last year . I think we 're almost 11 and a half percent ahead of last year , in terms of tickets sold . There is a definite excitement about winning . But there is also an excitement about this team , the players , the manager , the coaches . I think there 's a confidence in the baseball-operations department . All of those things have come together . Most importantly , people enjoyed this team , respected this team last year . The aftermath of that will continue to help this year .
MLB.com : Do you think you might start another streak of sellouts this year ?
Lucchino : Will we ever repeat the streak of 10 years of consecutive sellouts ? I doubt it . I think the ticket market has changed , the presence of secondary ticket opportunities mitigates the need to buy early , to some degree . So that record may stand for a long , long time . We just want to sell enough tickets to have the financial wherewithal to be able to field the team we want and have the franchise we want .
Whether it 's a complete sellout or 36,406 , it almost does n't matter going forward , as long as we generate the kind of revenues that are required to maintain one of the top payrolls in baseball , and to maintain the kind of financial stability that lets us bring in young players and provide the kind of fan experience you want .
MLB.com : Just observing your organization on a daily basis over the years , it feels like there has never been more cohesion from ownership to the front office to the manager to the coaching staff and down to the players than you have right now . Do you agree with that assessment ?
Lucchino : Absolutely . That 's something we 've talked about in the office . That type of cohesiveness feels awfully good , and we 've seen it in the clubhouse , we certainly feel it at the ownership levels . I think [ manager ] John Farrell and [ general manager ] Ben Cherington are prime examples of it , the way they 've integrated themselves into the entire organization and brought a sense of team to their working relationship and to the entire organization .
We 're really very pleased at the level of moral and mutual respect there is in the organization . This is a very exciting time to be a Red Sox fan for that reason , and because of the state of the farm system . The future is bright . We 're not going to win every year , but we are going to a field a team that 's worthy of the fans ' support and has a chance in October . That is our annual goal -- October baseball .
MLB.com : As far as Fenway Park goes , you put a ton of renovations into the park for your first decade of ownership . What might fans or players see coming into the park this year that is different ?
Lucchino : We 've completed our 10-year renovation plan that required a private investment of $ 285 million or $ 290 million . We have the new seating sections and the new structure of the ballpark and all that . But what you 'll see now are some extra amenities and comforts on the right-field roof . You 'll see it in the third-base deck . There will be some improvements for the players themselves . We try to do that every year , if we can , particularly on the home side . I think they 'll be pleased at the kind of ballpark they see on a daily basis .
MLB.com : In your time with the Orioles and Padres , you were a part of getting state-of-the-art ballparks built in Baltimore and San Diego . Are you ever envious of those types of places now ?
Lucchino : The answer is no . When John Henry , Tom Werner and I came here , our group was the only group of the six [ bidders ] who wanted to serve and protect and enhance Fenway Park . The others all wanted the shiny new ballpark in place of Fenway . We think we made the right decision . We think the attendance the last 12 years validates that . We think the team 's performance over the last 12 years validates that . We 're proud of Fenway , the preservation and protection of Fenway Park . I think it 's one of the rocks on which we 've built the franchise .
MLB.com : You 've been running baseball teams for going on three decades now . How much longer do you see yourself doing this ?
Lucchino : I 'm not ready to buy a bunch of books and go sit on a beach somewhere . All I want to do is go to some tense ballgames and enjoy the thrill of competition and winning and the satisfaction that comes from doing that in Boston . I love the situation I 'm in right now . I love working with my partners . I love the relationship the Red Sox have with its city and its region . I love the centrality of baseball . I love Boston as a town and New England as a region . This is my home and where I want to be .
MLB.com : The Red Sox are expected to visit President Obama at the White House at the beginning of April . How special is that aspect of being a champion ?
Lucchino : That 's the cherry on top of the whole offseason experience . It 's set for very early in April , and that 's a good day for it . I know our players will get a big thrill out of it . We generally take some time to go to a military hospital or two while we are there . We 're looking forward to it .
MLB.com : This is the fifth ring you 've won as a professional sports executive . But you are n't the kind of guy who sits at your house and stares at your rings , are you ?
Lucchino : No , no , they are very satisfying . But I stopped wearing the '07 rings a couple of years ago , because it seemed like it was getting old and stale . It was time for another one . But mostly I just keep them in a display box in my house , and it 's often in a safe . Just on occasions , I 'll look at them every once in a while for a little inspiration , but that 's about it .
MLB.com : When the Red Sox won in '04 , it seemed like there was almost too much hype around the team . It just seemed like there was a circus atmosphere . As an organization , did you learn from that ?
Lucchino : That was such a special time and so worthy of savoring as a celebration after 86 years , but I think we learned something from our previous experiences . We do not want to be in a `` stuck in last year kind of mode . '' We 've tried to turn the page as Spring Training begins . I think part of the hunger and part of the desire to win again is to be a little careful with excessive celebrations of last year , as joyful and thrilling as it was .
MLB.com : I know you leave most of the contract stuff to Ben and their group , but when it comes to players like David Ortiz and Jon Lester , assuming there is some talk on extensions for those guys this spring , does ownership get more involved ?
Lucchino : Yes , we do . We always have . We always have a seat at the table when it comes to particularly important contracts and long-term commitments , etc. , be it financial or in terms of years . That 's another thing we are kind of pleased with . There 's kind of a process in place that allows for collaboration and contributions that will end up with a pretty solid portfolio of contracts .
MLB.com : One of your favorite sayings when you refer to what you want out of a team is `` deep depth . '' Where did you come up with that ?
Lucchino : Sure , that 's one of my favorite phrases in baseball , because it 's so darn important . I got it originally from Earl Weaver , who was the manager of the Orioles when I got into baseball . They talked about that , and the redundancy was great , because it made the point so vividly . We have tried to keep that going . Also in the '80s , Birdie Tebbetts , a great baseball man , used to talk to me about how to win and they said , `` Larry , you do n't win with the stars . You win with the 'Joe 's , ' the 22nd , 23rd , 24th and 25th guy on the roster . Those guys will have to make contributions for you to win . ''
That kind of depth is essential . It 's been a part of my baseball philosophy for a long time , but we went back to it last year , in a good way . We do know there are three elements , at least , in baseball that are very , very hard to control . One is health , the second is chemistry , and the third is randomness . There 's a big field with a small field , so a lot of random occurrences take place . You 've got to have the depth to allow yourself to react and adjust to the changes that those three factors throw at you every year .
MLB.com : What has Farrell brought to this team since they returned to the Red Sox as the manager ?
Lucchino : He 's just the right guy for this team . There 's no doubt that because of their experience , their presence and their exceptional working relationship with Ben Cherington , that 's another important element of a strong front office . The manager and the general manager have got to be working hand in glove . And they put together a tremendous coaching staff last year that gets too little credit for all that was accomplished .
Even if the voting came out differently , John was the Manager of the Year , no doubt . People need to remember , we tried to get them in 2012 , but we could n't get Toronto to play ball with us . It was only when we tried to go back again in 2013 and gave them a solid Major League player [ Mike Aviles ] , they were willing to acquiesce .
MLB.com : Going into this season , is there one question mark that might keep you up at night as you look at this team ?
Lucchino : Most years , it 's the same factor , and that 's pitching . At the risk of sounding terribly repetitive , the depth of your pitching staff is what will be the largest strength or determinant . In 2004 , we had a pitching staff where nobody missed a turn in the rotation . That was stunning . And last year , we had the kind of depth in the bullpen that we could react to the health problems that developed , so quality pitching depth , pitching youth , those things are the things I worry about . But I worry a lot . That 's on my job description .
Ian Browne is a reporter for MLB.com . Read their blog , Brownie Points , and follow them on Twitter @ IanMBrowne .
Base : Sally Hansen Xtreme White On
Polishes used : Essie Flowerista and Garden Variety
and Straw ( s )
Liquid Latex from Ellagee
Top Coat : Seche Vite Topcoat
I really have no idea why I never made myself try this technique before , it 's so much fun to do ! I even made a video , though it is my first time doing this kind of mani so mistakes were made and you can clearly see where haha . But the best thing about this mani is the fact that mistakes are easily fixable , it 's like a no-fail possible mani if ever .
Hiya guys ! I 'm more than a little behind at this point , but hey I 'm not giving up . I 'll be posting another mani late night and hopefully the last look tomorrow afternoon . Fingers crossed my body agrees with what my mind wants to do lol . So today I am sharing Day 3 ofWeek for the Digital Dozen ... splatter nails ! I have been dying to these for years , but just never seemed to get around to it . Now that I 've done it once I feel like it 's all I 'm going to want to do . Though next time I 'll be more prepared and hopefully not make as much of a mess . I ended up walking away from this with polish everywhere , including my hair ! So worth ! Word of warning , if you 're doing these with anyone else in the house you might want to tell them before hand . My husband had no idea and after hearing the 'weirdest ' sounds decided to check up on me . They walked in while I was in the middle of blowing a lung out through a polish soaked straw . Yeah , they officially think I 'm nuts now haha.Now here 's a break down of everything else I used to create this mani : And as always do n't forget to check out the amazing manicures from the other ladies in the Digital Dozen . Everyone is seriously kicking so much butt ! It 's kind of hard to believe these are our first attempts at new techniques !
DRAMATIC footage has captured the moment a hero saved the life of a baby in the path of the Barcelona terror van .
The jaw-dropping video shows the man pushing a pram in Las Ramblas as the high-speed vehicle hurtled through . Moments later the van ploughed through crowds of people leaving 13 dead and injuring around 100 . The pram appeared to avoid the van by a matter of inches and the hero who pulled it to safety at the last minute has not been identified .
Cambrils : Five suspected terrorists shot dead in second attack on Catalan coast Five suspected terrorists were shot by police after a vehicle drove at crowds in the coastal town of Cambrils , 70 miles from Barcelona . The two attacks are thought to be linked 1 / 17 EPA Spanish Policemen inspect a street in Cambrils
Another person then died in a separate but linked attack in Cambrils , in which five suspects were killed by police after rampaging jihadis had attacked pedestrians with axes and knives . Other suspects living in north Spain are now at the centre of a police manhunt following the atrocities . Mohamed Hychami , 24 , and Younes Abouyaaqoub , 22 , had been living in Ripoll in Catalonia , the region where the atrocities were carried out . The prime suspect , Moussa Oubakir – who is believed to have been driving the van that killed 13 people in Las Ramblas – was one of the men killed by police in Cambrils , cops have said .
NC SHOCK : A hero is seen pushing a pram out of the way of the Barcelona terror van
All original music . Six local acts . Twenty-five minute sets . Five bucks .
Downtown Huntsville Inc. 's new Taproom Music Tour transposes the concept of DTI 's 2014 Downtown Band Rally , which brought six area bands to the Von Braun Center Playhouse , to an acoustic-oriented format . `` It 's stripped down and a little more manageable , '' Huntsville musician Alex Dieterich , 32 , says of Taproom Music Tour . For the last year or so , Dieterich has booked music for DTI events . Their two bands , alt-rockers Seducing Alice and outlaw country/bluegrass combo .45 Surprise , both performed at the Downtown Band Rally .
Taproom Music Tour shows will be held 6 - 9 p.m. the last Saturday of the month in April , May and June . The first goes down April 25 at Brew Stooges , address 109 Maple Ave .
The lineup for the April TMT show features : Drew Richter and Chelsea Cerha ( `` Great harmonies , haunting stuff , '' Dieterich says ) ; Amit & Carter ( `` An acoustic rock and pop thing '' ) ; the duo Marco Pollo ( `` Similar to stuff from The Band '' ) ; Tim Cannon ( bluesy country ) , James Irvin ( alternative and vintage-style rock ) ; and Zac Mayhall ( indie-folk ) .
`` We wanted to partner with the breweries and a lot of them have these really cool rooms , '' Dieterich says .
Brew Stooges co-founder Jeff Peck says 11 beers will be on tap for the event . This tally includes Blond Dame Blond Ale ( 4 percent alcohol by volume , or ABV ) , Double Wrong Imperial Rye Pale Ale ( 8.5 percent ABV ) , Dizzy Dame Raspberry Blond Ale ( 8.5 percent ABV ) , Numbskull Russian Imperial Stout ( 10 percent ABV ) and Vanilla Knucklehead Robust Porter ( 5.9 percent ABV ) . All pints are $ 5 each . Food truck Doctor BBQ will be on-site serving hickory-smoked pork and sides .
Development non-profit Downtown Huntsville Inc. has been extremely successful at giving the city 's vibrant food-truck and craft-beer scenes excellent platforms to be appreciated and more-widely known . The prospect of DTI working more of that magic for original local music should be thrilling for anyone concerned about the state of Huntsville 's music scene . `` It 's really important , '' Dieterich says . `` As these scenes grow , the single most important thing you have to have is content and for a musician that 's original compositions and tunes and new twists on old things . ''
Future Taproom Music Tour installments include : May 30 at Straight to Ale ( 3200 Leeman Ferry Road ) with musicians Dawn Osbourne , Andrew Sharpe , Ashlyn Maine , Josh & Judy Allison , .45 Surprise and Christian Lee ; and June 27 at Yellowhammer Brewing ( 2406 Clinton Ave. W. ) with Gus Hergert , Rick Carter , 5ive O'clock Charlie 's Mike Roberts and Chad Reeves , Kipp Cain , Seducing Alice trio and Liquid Caravan trio .
While many Downtown Huntsville Inc. events , such as the hugely popular Street Food Rallies , are free to attend , Dieterich has zero qualms about the $ 5 Taproom Music Tour admission . `` I think paying for original music is important . ''
downtownhuntsville.org
A sun-loving surfer from the Californian coast heads inland to Cleveland , Ohio - where the waves are fickle and the water 's fresh - to meet the world 's most patient , dedicated crew .
Share this ...
Linkedin
On November 11 , 2011 , the first morning of my surf trip to Cleveland , Ohio , local surfer and filmmaker Scott Ditzenberger meets me outside my hotel to loan me a board . The weather is brisk in an I-can't-feel-my-limbs sort of way . It 's freezing . Surfing in thirty-degrees-Fahrenheit weather is going to be a new experience for me .
The six-foot , neon-blue single-fin Scott gives me , which barely fits inside my recently rented Ford Fiesta , looks like a prop from eighties teen surf flick North Shore . ( The retro movement is more than just a passing trend in Cleveland ; boards like logs and fishes just tend to be more practical in this environ . ) Before they leaf , Scott tells me that the surf is about waist-high at Edgewater Park .
I drive to Edgewater – a Lake Erie surf spot in downtown Cleveland , approximately ten minutes by car from my hotel near Progressive Stadium , home of the Cleveland Indians baseball team . Scott has to work , but tells me to go ahead and introduce myself to the local crew , all of whom they assure me are perfectly friendly . But hell , what have I got to fear ? I mean , I 'm only heading to an unfamiliar surf spot , 500 miles away from the nearest ocean , and introducing myself to a close-knit group of locals that I 've never met before .
‘ Hi , I 'm a surfer from Los Angeles , ' I imagine myself saying , ‘ I 've come to surf your… lake . ' In my mind , that introduction is closely followed by a quick tour of the bottom of Lake Erie , viewed from my sinking Fiesta . Regardless , I try to remain optimistic .
Within fifteen minutes of arriving at Edgewater , it starts to rain . The wind has picked up to a surfboard-tossing gale , and I have already made two new surfing friends : Rich Stack and Brian Willse . Without even knowing me , they share their knowledge of the lake , and offer the use of their gear . I end up borrowing Rich 's seven-foot Dewey Weber , which , I am told , is perfect for the mushy rollers this morning . The man is beyond stoked ; they laugh and smiles incessantly , even while they suit up in the freezing rain . I opt to suit up inside my heated car .
The lake is the colour of chocolate milk and as I walk down to the water , wet autumn leaves cling to my wetsuit . Down the shoreline , I notice a large sewer run-off point . No one mentions anything about pollution even though , later , I find out that Edgewater is quite capable of producing a vast assortment of pungent , eye-watering odours .
I paddle out and it begins to rain harder . Despite the layers of neoprene I 'm wearing ( 4/3mm with a hood , booties and gloves ) , the rain stings my face . I look back at the muddy shore , which is now , surprisingly , white . “ Hey Brian , what 's that ? ” I point to the pale distance . “ That ? Oh… that 's sleet , ” they say .
Well… that 's new .
The surf , though small , is fun . All of my worries about pollution and hypothermia melt away after the first wave . It seems illogical , but here I am , surfing Lake Erie . At that moment , the possibilities of scoring epic waves on the Great Lakes seem limitless . I paddle over to Rich , who is still very visibly stoked . “ Hey , the surf out here has potential , does n't it ? ” I ask , enthusiastically . “ Nah , ” says Rich . “ It never really gets that good . But it 's good practice… and at least you 're surfing . ”
Optimism is popular in Cleveland .
Some History
Surfing is not new to the Great Lakes . Due to their immense size and propensity for powerful wind swells , the Lakes are able to produce surf year-round . In fact , according to Matt Warshaw 's The Encyclopedia of Surfing , surfers have been riding waves on the Great Lakes since the 1940s ( some locals even believe that the Lakes were surfed sometime around WWI ) . Lake Erie has a number of surf breaks in all three of its north-facing shore states : Pennsylvania , New York and Ohio . In their book Surfing the Great Lakes , P.L . Strazz estimates that as of 2000 there was a population of about 750 surfers in the Great Lakes , with Lake Michigan and Lake Erie being the most popular , respectively .
Compared to the East Coast though , surfing on the Great Lakes is still in its adolescent phase . According to Warshaw 's Encyclopedia , the state of Virginia has over 10,000 surfers — arguably more than the entire Great Lakes area combined .
So , why 's this part of the world slow to fully embrace wave-riding fever ? Well , it 's not easy to surf the Great Lakes . The waves are fickle and extremely unpredictable . Conditions are often brutal : freezing temperatures , extreme weather , and poor wave quality are just some of the difficulties surfers face on a regular basis . Surfing on the Lakes , especially in Cleveland , requires a crazy level of patience and dedication . It requires a different breed of surfer ; a freshwater creature that 's uniquely divergent from its saltwater cousins .
I was first introduced to the Cleveland surf scene through Scott 's appropriately named film Out of Place . In this documentary , released in January 2011 , Scott explores surfing life in Cleveland . The surfers they follow run the gamut professionally : from artists to lawyers to blue-collar workers . Their personalities are unique and diverse , yet they are all anchored by this common love . Some sacrifice quite a bit for their passion , forsaking sleep for days on end just to catch some waves . They chase fleeting waves up and down the coast of Lake Erie , often driving hours at a time .
Finding Waves
A day after my first dip in the water , local surfer and shaper Vince Labbe ( who heads up a small , bespoke company NoNaNalu.com ) , Scott and I make our way to Mentor Headlands Beach , about half-an-hour from Cleveland , to check out the waves . We originally met up at Edgewater again , but the surf was pretty meagre at best . Vince says the Headlands ( a large , sandy beachbreak ) will probably have something a bit better , so we set off north . The sky is gunmetal grey , and a light rain pitter-patters on the windshield .
“ Sun and surf do n't usually go together here , ” says Vince , who goes on to explain that cold , wet weather is a good sign ; it means that waves are brewing on the lake . If an air front ( mass of air ) comes in that is colder than the average temperature of the lake , it can cause the water to stir up . Generally , the waves on the Great Lakes are created by local storms , and require a constant wind ( lasting five hours or more ) blowing over at least fifty miles of water .
Vince 's van is packed with boards , including a ‘ Zuma Jay ' longboard , which has found its way across the continent from Malibu . Jazz plays on the radio and Scott sits wedged between the boards , chatting with me about some of the surf trips they and Vince have gone on together .
The two surfers first met at the University of Akron , Ohio , in the early nineties . Both had heard rumours of surfing on Lake Erie , and hoped one day to find waves . During a sizeable storm , they drove north to Cleveland , and were surprised to discover not only waves , but other surfers as well . “ We exist in a lull… sometimes , we just get lucky , ” says Vince as they try to find a way to pass the car ahead of us . “ You ca n't plan your session ahead of time . It 's a total shot in the dark , because it 's not consistent . The report can say ten-to-twelve feet , but it could be totally flat . ”
Scott explains that the NOAA forecast program that they ( and the Coastguard ) used to check surf conditions is often inaccurate . Ohio sits in the middle of a jet stream , which runs parallel to the lake and creates unpredictable weather patterns . “ It 's just a matter of luck , ” says Scott .
When we finally arrive at Headlands , I 'm disappointed to see that the surf does n't quite match the beauty of the beach — it 's dismal at best . The wind is blowing hard out of the northwest , and the waves are jumbled and messy . Vince is bummed . With less than an hour of sunlight left , they hustle us to get back into the van , and we drive back to Cleveland .
“ Headlands is the nicest beach in Ohio ; clean sand and clean water , ” says Vince . “ Edgewater , though , is a cesspool . It 's like swimming in a toilet bowl because of the current . Trash from the city will get pushed in and circle constantly. ” They point out that the same current can cause a “ fuel smell ” to linger at Edgewater for long periods of time .
“ We still get attention for being out here , ” says Vince , referring to the gaze of non-surfers . “ It 's like being a zoo animal with people coming to watch you . You could be out on the water on a good day , and someone will still come up to you on the beach and say , ‘ What are you doing ? You ca n't surf here ! ' ”
The hardy surfers tell me that the largest wave they 've ever caught on the Lake was around overhead , though they 've seen bigger . And the average drive for a surf check varies , they say , with some surfers choosing to stay close to Edgewater , and others trekking for hours to breaks in Buffalo , New York , and Ontario , Canada .
We finally make it back to Edgewater and the sun is close to setting . “ Historically speaking , ” says Scott , “ people in Cleveland are really separated from the beach . They just do n't go to the beach here ; they go to Florida or North Carolina. ” Much of the Lake Erie coastline ( at least around Cleveland ) is heavily industrialised , making public access difficult in some areas .
I ask them about their thoughts on Cleveland . The steel industry played a key part in the city 's economy since the mid-1800s , but during the 1970s it faltered substantially . The city fell victim to deindustrialisation , and numerous manufacturing companies left for more profitable locales . Unemployment rose , and a population decline quickly followed suit . So , has it improved much in the forty years since ? “ This city was built to be great , but it 's not that kind of place anymore , ” confirms Scott . Vince chips in : “ But the people are fun ! ”
The waves in Edgewater are knee-high and slushy , and the temperature is steadily dropping . While we stand there , looking out over the lake , Rich , the enthusiastic surfer from my first session , pulls up . Everyone greets one another , and talks about the surf . Rich suggests ( smiling as always ) that I paddle out with him . I do n't see much worth catching , and I 'm still frozen from my previous surf , so I offer to paddle out with them the next day . They shrug , laughs , and starts rummaging through theirs truck .
As I drive off , the sun now barely visible , Rich is just starting to suit up .
Here to stay ?
Will Cleveland become the next big surfing destination ? Well , probably not . After my initial surf sessions , I drive up and down the Erie coast several times looking for surf . The largest wave I ever find is an awe-inspiring ankle-slapper . Scott says that , “ finding waves out here is like finding water in the desert . It makes surfing in Cleveland that much more special. ” And I could n't agree with them more .
Before I head back to LA , I meet up with a number of other local surfers . We eat hot dogs at a joint called Happy Dog and talk about football , the Mystery Science Fiction Theater 3000 cult B-movies , California girls and surf trips . They tell me about the Cleveland Surfrider chapter they 're trying to start to help clean up the local beaches . I also learn that many of them have been offered the opportunity to leave Cleveland , and relocate to consistent-surf spots like California or Hawaii . Nevertheless , they often choose to stay , most of the time because of family or work .
Cleveland surfers are unfailingly optimistic . It was difficult for me to remain stoked after so many flat surf checks , and I was only there for a week . Some of the surfers have been there for decades , and they 're still hooked on the ride . It may be far from paradise , but the Cleveland surfers make surfing worthwhile in Ohio . Their stoke and dedication is infectious .
Shinya Aoki will return to action after a year and a half away from the ONE Championship cage when they face Eduard Folayang on November 11 at ONE : Defending Honor in Singapore .
The Japanese man is a legend of the sport having won titles in multiple promotions and with 46 professional fights already under their belt .
Ready to return
The current ONE Championship lightweight champion admits he 's enjoyed the time off , but they maintain he 's still been working hard in the gym while he 's been away .
“ It feels great to be back in action , I am excited , ” Aoki said . “ I am doing my fight camp at Evolve MMA , training alongside all the world champions and my teammates on the Evolve Fight Team . Being able to learn from and go against all the guys from all the different disciplines at Evolve every day in practice makes sure I am as prepared as possible for the fight . ”
A formidable opponent in Folayang
Their opponent on November 11 , Eduard Folayang , will be competing for their first ever ONE Championship title but is decorated striker with a two-fight win streak under their belt . Aoki has seen it all in their time , but they wo n't be underestimating Folayang on November 11 .
“ Eduard is a good fighter but I am confident in my abilities and I see myself retaining my ONE Championship lightweight title , ” Aoki said . “ I have been in the cage with many good fighters and I train against world champions , both on the ground and standing up , at Evolve MMA so I feel comfortable with all aspects of MMA .
“ I know they have good striking , I do n't want to get hit by one of their punches . Eduard is an experienced fighter who has been in ONE Championship since the beginning . They are a tough guy who has improved a lot over the last few years . I 'm looking forward to meeting them in the cage . ”
Everyone loses
Aoki has n't been beaten since 2012 and remains undefeated in the ONE Championship cage . While they maintain that they would like to keep their running going , the current ONE lightweight champion takes a unique perspective on defeat .
“ If I fight against someone stronger than me , I will lose , that 's fighting , ” Aoki said . “ It 's very simple , you fight someone stronger than you , and you lose . So whatever happens , I do n't think that deeply about it .
“ There is no room in my mind to think about continuing my winning streak , that 's how much I 'm scared about the next fight . A person who talks about winning streaks is someone who has never experienced fighting . Someone who has fought before fears every single moment . It 's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity , I live for the moment . ”
Admitting he 's scared
Fear is a theme Aoki mentions constantly when talking about fighting . Despite their multiple accolades and experience , the Japanese man says that fear and need to survive is what drives them the most when they step inside the cage .
“ The only thing I feel right now is the fear , ” Aoki said coldly . “ I have been fighting since 2003 and I have experienced losses and fought in crazy environments—I know the fear and how to survive . I have the experiences I 've been and lived through which will help me a lot this time [ when they fight Folayang ] .
“ He has n't experienced more fear than me . I 'm not confident at all , I 'm very scared . I fight the fear every time I step in the cage . ”
A unique sign-off
When asked if they had a message for the fans or Folayang before the fight , Aoki answered in a unique way like only they would .
“ Our skills probably wo n't match up at all—whoever wins it will be very one-sided . It 's not going to be more than what is already there , what we already have . I just want everyone to face the reality and get excited whatever way they want .
“ I 'm sorry but I currently do n't have enough room in my mind to yell at my opponent . I will just try my best to go into the fight with good condition . I hope they prepare for the fight well . ”
Umar Akmal has got themselves into trouble with the board and it has cost them their T20 place © AFP
Umar Akmal has been left out of Pakistan 's T20 squad for the series against England in the UAE after being handed a show-cause notice for `` bringing the PCB and Pakistan Cricket into disrepute . ''
Pakistan T20 squad In : Rafatullah Mohmand , Iftikhar Ahmed , Sarfraz Ahmed , Anwar Ali Out Mukhtar Ahmed , Umar Akmal Ahmed Shehzad , Mohammad Hafeez , Rafatullah Mohmand , Shoaib Malik , Sohaib Maqsood , Iftikhar Ahmed , Shahid Afridi , Mohammad Rizwan , Sarfraz Ahmed , Anwar Ali , Imad Wasim ( Subject to fitness , otherwise Bilal Asif ) , Imran Khan , Mohammad Irfan , Sohail Tanvir , Wahab Riaz , Aamer Yamin
It is understood that Akmal attended a party in Hyderabad without the requisite permission during the current Quaid-e-Azam Trophy match between Hyderabad and Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited .
Chief selector Haroon Rashid said : `` Umar Akmal had been pencilled in for selection , but they have subsequently been dropped on instructions from the Board , as they have been issued with a show cause notice for bringing PCB and Pakistan Cricket into disrepute . ''
The selectors have also handed a call-up to uncapped 39-year-old Rafatullah Mohmand who is in contention to open the batting . In 2009 , Rafatullah was part of the world-record second-wicket stand in first-class cricket when they added 580 with Aamer Sajjad for Water and Power Development Authority .
Imad Wasim 's position in the T20 squad is subject to fitness and if they are not available allrounder Bilal Asif will take their place . Meanwhile , Iftikhar Ahmed has been called into the ODI squad to fill the space created by Younis Khan 's retirement following the first match of the series in Abu Dhabi .
`` Having experience of playing first class cricket for many years , with their form , sound technique and fitness , and also given their fielding credentials , Rafatullah Mohmand has been afforded an opportunity as they were considered to have potential to feature in an international T20 competition as an opener , '' Rashid said .
`` Iftikhar has filled in the spot vacated by Younis Khan in ODIs ; it was considered that they also be tried in the T20 format on the back of their performance on the domestic T20 circuit . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
Critics of NBC 's coverage of the London Olympics have voiced sometimes brutal commentary on Twitter using the hashtag # NBCFail , but with one week left in its comprehensive , multiple-platform coverage , NBC 's own take is that its programming is a success .
Ratings are up over what had been an impressive performance in 2008 in Beijing , and a predicted loss of $ 200 million or more has been turned around to a cautious prediction of a possible small profit .
Mark Lazarus , the chairperson of NBC Sports Group , said in a conference call last week , “ We think there 's a small chance that we could make a little bit of money . ”
The reason : ratings began exceeding Beijing on the first night and continued throughout the first week for NBC 's tape-delayed coverage in prime time . ( NBC calls it “ archiving ” events . ) Advertising time that NBC had held out in case it might have to offer free commercials because of ratings shortfalls , known as “ make-good ” ads , suddenly became available for sale at rates pushed higher by the initial ratings performance .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ We have ongoing sales interest from people who have sort of caught the fever of what 's going on out there and have contacted us about buying more inventory , ” Mr. Lazarus said .
A group that advises Veterans Affairs Minister Kent Hehr on policy issues has fired a warning shot over the Liberal government 's plan to offer wounded veterans the `` option '' of lifetime pensions , CBC News has learned .
The panel , consisting of former soldiers and advocates , says the long-awaited overhaul must not be a simple redistribution of money that 's already available .
In the last election campaign , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's Liberals appealed to aggrieved veterans with a promise to `` re-establish lifelong pensions as an option '' as well as increase the value of compensation for an injury .
The current system was conceived and passed in 2005 by the Liberal government of former prime minister Paul Martin and enacted and championed by the former Conservative government . It sees wounded soldiers who 've lost limbs or suffered emotional trauma given a lump sum payment — or the option of taking that one-time , tax-free award `` over time . ''
The policy advisory group , which has acted as Hehr 's sounding board , is getting signals that the Liberals mean to simply take the lump sum award and divide it into monthly payments .
In a May 12 letter , the panel warned that such a scheme `` does not provide the lifetime financial security '' that veterans were expecting from the Liberal campaign promise .
Waiting on the details
The spring federal budget reiterated the pension pledge , but attached no price tag to the assurance and simply told the public to stay tuned for more details and dollar figures when a revised program would be rolled out later this year .
The Liberals are expected to consider a final version of their plan over the summer .
Justin Trudeau campaigned on restoring lifelong pensions for wounded veterans in the last election , but Veterans Affairs Minister Kent Hehr has been non-committal on a timeline . ( Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press )
At the time of the budget , a senior government official speaking on background said the intention is to roll out the revised pension plan later this year and issue cheques to veterans by 2018 — a year ahead of the next election call .
The new plan , however , `` would not seek parity with the old pension act , '' that pre-dates the Conservative changes , the official told CBC News last spring .
At the same time , the letter to Hehr expressed frustration that the advisory panel 's recommendations were being ignored and `` deliberately pushed down the line for further review and evaluation . ''
Specifically , the advisers pointed to their October 2016 report , delivered to Veterans Affairs , which suggested rolling a suite of already existing benefits and entitlements , including the Exceptional Incapacity Allowance and Attendance Allowance , into `` a single stream of income for life . ''
Minister 's statement
A government official emphasized , on background , no decision has yet been made and noted that if the solution was as simple as dividing up the lump sum , it would have already happened .
Hehr , in a written statement on Sunday , said they are balancing a lot of different advice and viewpoints .
I 've never seen so much song and dance and jiggery-pokery to cover-up from doing the right thing - Sean Bruyea , veterans advocate
`` While I can not comment on the specifics of a letter sent to me in confidence , I will say that I value the opinions and contributions of each of the six advisory groups who provide valued advice to myself and the department as we work to fulfill our commitment to improve the services and benefits offered to veterans and their families , '' Hehr said , noting how much the government had already invested in new and improved services .
`` We have a lot still to accomplish and , while we can not do everything at once , we will continue to welcome input from our advisory groups , as well as the broader veterans community , and experts within our department and without to ensure we develop the most effective policy for present and future veterans.‎ ''
The political stakes for the Liberal government are high and getting higher , particularly in light of how Trudeau and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan have recently framed the defence policy review in terms of caring for the troops .
`` It is going to be extremely important , moving forward , that Canadians see their government has heard the pride that all Canadians feel in supporting our troops and that we demonstrate with concrete actions and investments that our priority is in supporting the extraordinary men and women of the Canadian Forces , who choose to serve , '' Trudeau said at last week 's NATO Summit .
Current vs. last system
The Liberals have invested , or plan to invest over the next five years , more than $ 6 billion in improved benefits for ex-soldiers .
However , it was the prospect of returning to pensions-for-life for the wounded which galvanized the veterans community in the last campaign .
The existing lump sum award is worth a maximum of $ 360,000 and has been a political lightning rod since being introduced in 2006 as part of a series of benefits changes under the new veterans charter .
It 's the centrepiece of a class-action lawsuit by Afghan veterans , who allege that the new system is not as generous as the one it replaced under the old pension act .
In defending against the suit , Justice Department lawyers argued in 2013 the federal government had no extraordinary , legislated obligation to wounded soldiers — something that drove veterans to campaign against the former Conservative government .
How a new Liberal plan to spread out payments would differ from one former prime minister Stephen Harper 's government attempted to deliver in 2011 is unclear .
Veterans advocate Sean Bruyea says the Liberal government should live up to its promise to return to lifetime pensions for wounded soldiers . ( Ashley Burke/CBC News )
At that time , Conservatives were just starting to feel the heat of disgruntled veterans , and as part of the five-year review of the charter they introduced a plan to give recipients the `` option '' of regular payments , as opposed to the lump sum .
Sean Bruyea , an advocate for veterans , says the intent of the original overhaul under the new veterans charter was to do away with lifetime pensions altogether .
A tradition of lifelong pensions
The bureaucracy has been tying itself in knots ever since the Liberals were elected to figure how to avoid fulfilling that promise , they said .
`` I 've never seen so much song and dance and jiggery-pokery to cover-up from doing the right thing , '' said Bruyea , who fought a high-profile battle with Veterans Affairs over a privacy breach where their personal medical information was spread around the department .
`` We have almost a century of honouring lifelong injuries with lifelong compensation and they are throwing that out the window . ''
Others , such as the veterans ombudsman , Guy Parent , have argued there are other benefits in addition to the lump sum that help make up the difference .
Bonjour à tous , bienvenue sur mon blog d'actus !
Je me prénomme Théo , j'ai 28 ans et je vis à Rennes . Je suis diplômé d'une école de journalisme .
J'apprécie beaucoup la rédaction d'articles , la partie investigation du métier de journaliste mais aussi réaliser des interviews pour apprendre et comprendre les autres quelle que soit leur histoire .
Mon blogs a pour but de commenter l'actualité française , de dénicher les bons plans mais aussi de rendre compte de mes découvertes télévisuelles et des idées à tester .
J'ai donc créé rennestv.fr pour partager tous ces bons plans avec vous .
Vous trouverez ici des actualités diverses et variées , des petites astuces bricolage et pour votre intérieur . Je vous invite à commenter mes articles afin d'avoir des retours pour améliorer ma plume de futur journaliste .
Bonne lecture et agréable visite ! Théo
Leading women in the tech industry say the Reddit CEO 's resignation shows Silicon Valley still has a woman problem but some feel attitudes are changing fast
It is 2015 and for many working in tech , it is still not a good time to be a woman .
Just ask Ellen Pao , who resigned as interim CEO of Reddit last week , after being subjected to abuse from the site 's members . Or ask other women in the industry who have had similar experiences . These women are not surprised by what has happened to Pao – the abuse , the resignation , the lack of support from their company – in fact , many of them have anticipated it . Yet despite that , they are undeterred and hope that one day down the road , maybe as soon as 2020 , women and men could be treated as equal in Silicon Valley .
As they resigned , Pao took the opportunity to remind the site 's members that they are just another human , with family and feelings , and that they have seen the good , the bad and the ugly on Reddit .
Reddit chief Ellen Pao resigns after receiving 'sickening ' abuse from users Read more
“ The good has been off-the-wall inspiring , and the ugly made me doubt humanity , ” they said . “ Everyone attacked on Reddit is just another person like you and me . When people make something up to attack me or someone else , it spreads , and we eventually will see it . And we will feel bad , not just about what was said . ”
Women – and men – in Silicon Valley have watched with bated breath as Pao filed , then argued in court and lost their historic gender discrimination lawsuit against Kleiner Perkins . Then this month , once again , they watched as the drama at Reddit unfolded .
Many articles have been written on whether Pao had been the right person for the job or whether they had been pushed off the glass cliff – where women are brought in to save or reform a struggling company and then blamed when they ca n't succeed . In a matter of days , Pao had gone from the woman responsible for the firing of Victoria Taylor , the popular moderator of the Ask Me Anything subreddit , to a victim – a woman who took the fall for a decision of another man , Alexis Ohanian , according to the former Reddit CEO , Yishan Wong .
“ [ Ohanian ] had different ideas for AMAs , they did n't like Victoria 's role , and decided to fire her , ” Wong wrote on Reddit .
What had happened to Pao – both their lawsuit and their departure from Reddit – are further driving the conversation about women 's role and treatment in the tech industry , a number of women told the Guardian this week .
Here is what they had to say :
‘ It was inevitable that they would turn on her '
Not everyone is surprised by what had happened at Reddit .
“ Ellen was at the center of a high-profile sexual discrimination suit versus a major VC firm and they were put in charge of the teenage boy section of the internet . What did you expect was going to happen ? It was inevitable that they would turn on her , ” said Kaliya Young , an expert on digital identity who blogs under the name Identity Woman . They are also founder of She 's Geeky , a women-in-tech organization .
While attacks on Pao and their departure might not have an effect on the industry as whole , they have further exposed what female leaders in tech deal with on daily basis , Young explained .
“ What it has done is made visible the vitriol that women in tech experience if they rise in prominence in almost any way in this industry , ” said Young .
“ The dialogue is good . The fact that people are really talking about it … it makes leaders think twice about saying and doing discriminatory things , ” said Stacey Epstein , chief marketing officer at Banjo , a tech company that gathers social media posts based on location in real time .
Yet for some women partaking in this type of dialogue – especially by sharing their personal experience – it can be equivalent to setting off a tripwire that detonates an avalanche of online threats and attacks .
How Ellen Pao lost their job but survived Reddit 's swamp of trolls Read more
‘ Speaking out can trigger the internet troll brigade '
One woman who did not want to be identified said that in 2007 they attended an ETech conference where a scheduled speaker , Kathy Sierra , who is a web developer and blogger , had to back out after receiving death threats .
“ I was in the audience watching this and it had an impact on me . At the time , I was younger and it was earlier on in my career and it really made me wonder about my future , ” they said .
When they sought advice from their female mentor , they were basically told “ what happened to Kathy is likely to happen to you too – it 's normative ” .
“ So I made a choice to continue my career and to keep my head down and not really raise my profile outside of my little niche industry . Lo and behold , years later I am an outspoken woman and am I getting implicit rape threats on Twitter from men in my industry . I can handle it now . I am stronger , ” they said . “ We should n't be in the industry where you have to be willing to accept that : ‘ This will happen somewhere , at some point in your career . Deal with it . ' ”
They went on to say that during the interview with the Guardian , they wondered what speaking out on this issue would mean for them “ Now I am like , well , if you write that , am I going to attract more of that kind of behavior towards me ? I do n't want that and so even speaking out about it can sort of trigger the internet troll brigade to come at you . ”
Ellen Pao : villain or victim ?
To Epstein , the chief marketing officer , Reddit 's business model helped create what they described as an ongoing soap opera at the company and the flood of commentary from the press and the site 's members .
Partly to blame was the shifting narrative . Last week , the narrative was that of Pao as a villain for firing Victoria Taylor . This week it 's of Pao as a victim after they took the fall for Ohanian 's decision to fire Taylor , argued Epstein .
“ It 's all because facts unfold , ” they said . “ If you can clearly communicate the facts and people really understand what 's really going on , then you have less of that public vocal commentary . ”
In their initial comment on the situation , over two weeks ago , Pao and Ohanian apologized for not properly communicating with the Reddit community . The comment , to say the least , did not satisfy their members .
Reddit CEO sorry for 'letting down ' users after popular subforums shut down Read more
Many insist that had Pao been at another company – one less volatile and not as dependent on the unpaid labor of those who spend their days in the company 's subreddits or online forums – this would not have happened .
“ Look at Facebook and Sheryl Sandberg . Do you think that a tenth of this would have happened to them if they worked there ? ” said Brianna Wu , a video game developer and one of the women who have been threatened as part of the Gamergate controversy .
What many believe led to Pao 's departure was the push to monetize Reddit .
“ They do n't have a revenue stream anywhere near Facebook , for instance , ” explained Wu , adding that Reddit in its current form is so radioactive that no regular company was going to tie themselves to it . “ It makes sense that they need a strong leader to come in there and make changes to the site so that advertisers can advertise there . ”
“ I think you have this pressure to make Reddit make money and be profitable , ” said Young , the founder of She 's Geeky . “ Why are we trying to exploit communities of people who want to hang out and chat ? Why do we have to make money off of them ? ”
In the end , Pao 's attempts to lead are what led to their departure , said Wu .
“ What we saw is a leader trying to step up and take accountability . Reddit is their ship . They are responsible for everything that happens there , ” they said . “ Yet at the same time , you are seeing an internal culture that is so broken that it would make it impossible for anyone to lead . It 's a situation that no one could correct . ”
Performance versus gender
What has become clear for many of the women in Silicon Valley is that there are two issues at play – performance and gender discrimination . The two are often intertwined in conversation about women like Pao , but according to them should be treated as two different issues .
“ There is an adult conversation to be had about Ellen Pao 's performance at Reddit and an adult conversation that can be had about them being the right person for the jobs , ” said Wu . They added that while they can see where those saying that Pao was not the right person for the job are coming from , the attacks on them are uncalled for .
“ It 's undeniable that the attacks on them have been really personal , sexist , and have a violent tone to them . They are racist . They are extremely gendered in nature , ” they said . “ For me , it 's very disheartening to watch the attacks on them I think they were held to a standard that their male predecessors at Reddit were not . I think that really empowers people who attacked them in that way . ”
For some , what happened at Reddit was not really a gender issue .
Epstein told the Guardian that they are especially irritated by the theory that the entire situation was a plot that set Pao up to fail .
“ There is no way that was masterminded to get them out of there , solely because they are a woman . If that was the case , they would have never brought them in to that position anyway . If they did n't believe that a woman could do the job then they would n't have put the woman in the job , ” they said .
Making everything about gender could empower those attacking women as not being fit to lead , argued Epstein .
“ Sometimes when you make these claims that everything bad that has happened to a woman in business is because they are a woman , then you give fuel to the other side and so it 's frustrating to me . If they are n't doing a good job as an interim CEO , they should resign and they should be let go . This does n't have to do with gender . They are two separate issues . ”
Epstein did admit that because Pao 's gender discrimination case against Kleiner Perkins was so public , “ it is easy to jump to the conclusion that the recent Reddit situation must be based on gender too ” . Instead of jumping to conclusions , people should assess each situation individually , they said .
Ellen Pao lawsuit loss will not slow fight for gender equality in Silicon Valley Read more
What 's next ?
Epstein , a mother of two girls , believes that young women entering tech are not deterred by what 's playing out in the public sphere . As a woman who has been in the industry for over 20 years , they said things have changed drastically from when they graduated and the main advice available to them was to dress like a man if they wanted to succeed .
“ As women , we just have to go after it and do a great job . The opportunities are there for us , ” they said , adding that their generation of women have created a new environment for the young women entering the sector today . “ They are not reading these articles and seeing what 's going on and saying : ‘ I better do something else . ' They feel empowered , they feel motivated to show that they can do it . ”
“ Long term , women in tech are going to keep showing up and eventually we are going to change this culture , ” they said .
How soon is eventually ? “ Five years . Five years from now , ” said Wu .
“ It is my hope that five years from now I wo n't be talking to the press about this as much . We are in a period where the tech industry has hit rock bottom with the way it treats women , which is why we talked about it so much last year and this year , ” they said , adding that it 's not because of women like them and Pao and Anita Sarkeesian , but because the industry is changing and men are losing ground .
“ Overall , we [ women ] are in a great place , ” Epstein told the Guardian . “ I think women who are looking to start their careers are feeling inspired by women before them and feeling that the opportunity is ripe for the picking . ”
Everything old is new again -- except , it seems , for butterscotch . That buttery sweet confection , the color of sunshine mixed with honey , used to rule America 's dessert world . There was butterscotch pudding , sauce , syrup and cream pie , to say nothing of that little cut-crystal dish filled with candies at Grandma 's house .
These days , just try to find a slice of butterscotch chiffon pie on a dessert menu or even much beyond butterscotch candies in the supermarket . Not gon na happen . Which is puzzling , considering that butterscotch 's close relatives have made recent comebacks : Caramel is the new darling of pastry chefs and artisan candymakers . Even toffee has been allowed to shine again . But butterscotch ? No one has asked them to the dance yet .
That 's really a shame , says Berkeley pastry chef Shuna Fish Lydon , who last June wrote an impassioned , nostalgic plea for butterscotch 's resurrection on their food blog Eggbeater . Waxing romantic , Lydon wrote that the flavor of real , homemade butterscotch is elusive , `` like the perfume your first love wore . ''
Lydon says butterscotch has fallen out of favor because most people today associate it with `` those awful chips '' or the artificial flavor of instant pudding . `` Even really famous San Francisco pastry chefs are n't making homemade butterscotch '' when they do serve butterscotch-flavored desserts , they wrote in an e-mail . `` They 're using the chips and/or adding Scotch , both of which are very , very wrong . ''
Cookbook author Diana Dalsass thinks it has to do with the fact that the name includes the word `` butter . '' `` It 's still such a taboo because of our obsession with dieting , '' says Dalsass , who bucked the trend in 2001 with `` The Butterscotch Lover 's Cookbook '' ( Buttercup Press ) , a slim volume of dessert recipes plus a list of places where you can order butterscotch treats .
So exactly what is butterscotch ? And how does it differ from caramel ?
Caramel is simply white sugar that 's heated until it begins to caramelize , or turn brown , explains pastry chef James Sinopoli , a culinary instructor at Stratford University in Falls Church . Butterscotch is created when caramelized sugar ( most recipes today use brown sugar ) is paired with butter . The two are cooked together until the sugar and fat react under heat ( what chemists call the Maillard reaction ) to create the browned flavor that is so rich and irresistible .
Sinopoli tells their students to think of it this way : `` Caramel is the parent of confections like butterscotch , toffee and nut brittles . The differences between them come in how hot the sugar gets , when the fat is added , what other ingredients are involved , and how much stirring you have to do . '' For brittle , for example , the sugar is caramelized and butter is added at the end with a little baking soda to give it a lighter , crunchier texture .
As to how butterscotch got its name , there are many theories , half-baked guesses and downright myths , usually involving Scotch , Scotland and whether the `` scotch '' part really meant `` scorch , '' as in scorched butter and sugar .
Most food historians agree that butterscotch does not contain Scotch and did n't originate in Scotland . British food historian and author Laura Mason , who wrote `` Sugar-Plums and Sherbet : The Prehistory of Sweets '' ( Prospect Books , 1998 ) , notes that butterscotch-like candy was made in England in the early 1700s but the name `` butterscotch '' first appeared in Yorkshire in the early 1800s .
It 's more likely , say Dalsass and others , that the name came from the term `` to scotch , '' which means to cut or score . Nineteenth-century candymakers would scotch the cooling candy so that it would be easier to break into pieces later .
Butterscotch desserts are hard to find in our area , although pastry chefs speak of them wistfully . `` I loved it growing up , '' says Kate Jansen at Willow in Arlington . `` My mother used to make a devil 's food cake with a whipped butterscotch frosting that was so good . '' The closest they come to a butterscotch dessert at Willow is their sticky toffee pudding cake , which is accompanied by a butterscotch sauce .
Pastry chef Valerie Hill , who is known for their old-fashioned American desserts at Johnny 's Half Shell on Capitol Hill , says they have n't made a butterscotch recipe in nearly 10 years . The last time was when they were at the Morrison-Clark Historic Inn downtown , where they made butterscotch pie with a pecan crust . `` I love butterscotch when it 's done well , '' they say . `` That 's the thing : It 's so simple , it has to be done perfectly . ''
There is some indication that butterscotch might be regaining a bit of its popularity . A 1950s-era butterscotch chiffon pie was pictured on Gourmet magazine 's January 2006 cover in celebration of its 65th anniversary . The newly revised edition of `` Joy of Cooking '' ( Scribner , 2006 ) includes 10 butterscotch recipes , compared with just six in its 1997 edition .
And in Los Angeles , where one of the toughest reservations to swing is at Pizzeria Mozza , the wildly popular new creation of superstar chefs Mario Batali and Nancy Silverton , guess what 's on the dessert menu ? A dense , creamy butterscotch pudding .
Former Food section staff writer Candy Sagon is a frequent contributor .
Welcome to all new users of Gridoin Research !
There have been many new users and projects like SR-Base has grown almost by the double users and three times the hosts in just 60 days !
The Team Gridcoin community on BOINC is now up to 4559 active users , 2820 whom still needs to send their advertising beacon to the network to claim potential rewards .
Some wallet security tips to think on
With so many new users there are a few things that people may miss when they are setting things up . You can always visit experienced people on our Slack Channel or join the Bi-Weekly Mumble Hangouts that @ cm-steem advertises about when they are due .
Once you are settled and got BOINC and the Gridcoin Research wallet to community properly there are a few things to remember when it comes to the security of your new wallet .
Keep an updated copy of your wallet.dat
Your assets are stored on the blockchain , but it 's only with your wallet.dat file you can prove your ownership of them . It 's VERY IMPORTANT to understand that whenever you create a new address the wallet.dat backup needs to be updated . The reason for this is that the wallet.dat file only contains the addresses that the wallet knows about at that given point .
If you have two computers that you use your wallet with , and one computer makes a new address to receive funds with , the other computer will not see those because it does n't know about the new address .
The wallet automatically copies the wallet.dat file to a backup directory , but in case of a computer crash it 's vital to have a backup , and this needs to be updated once in a while .
If you receive a larger amount of GRC it 's recommended to update the backup copy of the wallet.dat file . Otherwise it 's advisable to do this at least once a month .
Encrypt your wallet.dat
Since we are going to store a wallet.dat file on a place of the computer we also need to make sure it 's secure . It is very recommended to use a password to protect the assets . This you do by setting a password on the wallet.dat file , which you do inside the wallet .
Once started you select `` Settings - > Encrypt wallet '' and chose a unique , long and memorable password . I recommend something that you can remember , a combination of names or the order of town names you 've lived in for example . Preferable it should n't be stored anywhere and should be easy for you to remember .
When you start the wallet next time you will need to Unlock the wallet in order to use the wallet.dat file . In case you do n't want to transfer any funds but just let the wallet collect interest or research reward you can use the option to Unlock only for staking .
As a Researcher ; Keeping a copy of the configuration file
As a researcher it 's vital to keep a copy of the gridcoinresearch.conf file . This is because this file contains your public and private keys for your Research Beacon . The beacon is advertised on the network to let everyone know that your CPID should be included in the rewards calculation . Without your private key the wallet ca n't claim these credits , so it 's vital to keep a copy of it .
This only needs to be backed up once the wallet sends out the beacon , something that is done about every 5-6 months .
You can find out when this was last done by going to https : //gridcoinstats.eu/cpid/your-cpid and look under `` User Details '' and the first row that sais something like Beacon Status : advertised about 3 months ago .
Automatically unlock your wallet for staking
As it 's recommended to keep your wallet.dat encrypted you will have to unlock the wallet for staking . This can be something that is easy to forget if your wallet is automatically launched when you log in to your system or if you have it on a Linux system that you occasionally log on to . There is one easy thing that you can do to solve this .
In your wallet , go to
`` Help - > Debug '' and click on the `` Console '' tab .
Type in execute encrypt YourPassPhrase .
. Type in the string in your gridcoinresearch.conf as autounlock=YourPassPhraseAsEncryptedString
This will ONLY make your wallet able to stake . It will not unlock the wallet for transferring funds or do any other fund related commands like voting . The encrypted password string is unique to the current computer configuration and will not work if you move your configuration file to another system .
What is Gridcoin Research ?
Gridcoin is a cryptocurrency which securely rewards BOINC computation on top of proof of stake .
What 's BOINC ? BOINCis an open-source volunteer distributed computing platform which utilizes the spare computer resources on 500k+ computers to attempt to cure diseases , map the milkyway , search for extraterrestrial life , and any other kind of distributable computation .
Anyone who needs a serious amount of distributed computing power ( 100k+ CPUs ) almost entirely for free can create a BOINC project to create a distributed cloud service of their own desire ( fairly easily ) whilst the Gridcoin network potentially rewards your project 's volunteers on your behalf .
Take a moment and listen to Gridcoin ( 2017/07/21 ) - Beyond Bitcoin Radioshow [ Raw recording for impatients ]
Joining Is Easy
By downloading and installing BOINC and the Gridcoin Research Wallet you can start directly . If you wish to not invest any starting capital , which you need to be able to stake regularly to earn rewards ( 10 000 GRC+ is recommended ) you can join the GRCpool .
Gridcoin Pool Mining 101 - Start Here !
Vote for me as Witness
Enjoying what I do and contribute to the community , please vote for me as a Witness or a Steemit Proxy Voter .
Voting on me as a witness you will support an active witness on Steem and BitShares . I believe a witness should keep up-to-date on current happenings and be a conduit between the many users and the system .
Read my Witness Posts : Joining as BitShares Witness , Joining as Steemit Witness
Over the next few years , artificial intelligence is going to change the way we all gather information , make decisions and connect with stakeholders . Already , leaders are starting to use artificial intelligence to automate mundane tasks such as calendar maintenance and making phone calls . But AI can also help support decisions in key areas such as human resources , budgeting , marketing , capital allocation , and even corporate strategy — long the bastion of bespoke consulting firms and major marketing agencies . According to recent research , the U.S. market for corporate advice alone is nearly $ 60 billion . Almost all that advice is high cost , human-based , and without the benefit of today 's most advanced technologies . A great deal of what is paid for with consulting services is data analysis and presentation . They are very good at this , but AI may soon become even better . “ Quant Consultants ” and “ Robo Advisers ” will soon offer faster , better , and more profound insights at a fraction of the cost and time of today 's consulting firms and other specialized workers .
Amazon 's Alexa just got a new job . In addition to their other 15,000 skills like playing music and telling knock-knock jokes , they can now also answer economic questions for clients of the Swiss global financial services company , UBS Group AG .
According to the Wall Street Journal ( WSJ ) , a new partnership between UBS Wealth Management and Amazon allows some of UBS 's European wealth-management clients to ask Alexa certain financial and economic questions . Alexa will then answer their queries with the information provided by UBS 's chief investment office without even having to pick up the phone or visit a website . And this is likely just Alexa 's first step into offering business services . Soon they will probably be booking appointments , analyzing markets , maybe even buying and selling stocks . While the financial services industry has already begun the shift from active management to passive management , artificial intelligence will move the market even further , to management by smart machines , as in the case of Blackrock , which is rolling computer-driven algorithms and models into more traditional actively-managed funds .
Insight Center Crossing the Digital Divide Sponsored by DXC Technology How the best companies get up to speed .
But the financial services industry is just the beginning . Over the next few years , artificial intelligence may exponentially change the way we all gather information , make decisions , and connect with stakeholders . Hopefully this will be for the better and we will all benefit from timely , comprehensive , and bias-free insights ( given research that human beings are prone to a variety of cognitive biases ) . It will be particularly interesting to see how artificial intelligence affects the decisions of corporate leaders — men and women who make the many decisions that affect our everyday lives as customers , employees , partners , and investors .
Already , leaders are starting to use artificial intelligence to automate mundane tasks such as calendar maintenance and making phone calls . But AI can also help support more complex decisions in key areas such as human resources , budgeting , marketing , capital allocation and even corporate strategy — long the bastion of bespoke consulting firms such as McKinsey , Bain , and BCG , and the major marketing agencies .
The shift to AI solutions will be a tough pill to swallow for the corporate consulting industry . According to recent research , the U.S. market for corporate advice alone is nearly $ 60 billion . Almost all that advice is high cost and human-based .
One might argue that corporate clients prefer speaking to their strategy consultants to get high priced , custom-tailored advice that is based on small teams doing expensive and time-consuming work . And we agree that consultants provide insightful advice and guidance . However , a great deal of what is paid for with consulting services is data analysis and presentation . Consultants gather , clean , process , and interpret data from disparate parts of organizations . They are very good at this , but AI is even better . For example , the processing power of four smart consultants with Excel spreadsheets is miniscule in comparison to a single smart computer using AI running for an hour , based on continuous , non-stop machine learning .
In today 's big data world , AI and machine learning applications already analyze massive amounts of structured and unstructured data and produce insights in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of consultants in the financial markets . Moreover , machine learning algorithms are capable of building computer models that make sense of complex phenomena by detecting patterns and inferring rules from data — a process that is very difficult for even the largest and smartest consulting teams . Perhaps sooner than we think , CEOs could be asking , “ Alexa , what is my product line profitability ? ” or “ Which customers should I target , and how ? ” rather than calling on elite consultants .
Another area in which leaders will soon be relying on AI is in managing their human capital . Despite the best efforts of many , mentorship , promotion , and compensation decisions are undeniably political . Study after study has shown that deep biases affect how groups like women and minorities are managed . For example , women in business are described in less positive terms than men and receive less helpful feedback . Minorities are less likely to be hired and are more likely to face bias from their managers . These inaccuracies and imbalances in the system only hurt organizations as leaders are less able to nurture the talent of their entire workforce and to appropriately recognize and reward performance . Artificial intelligence can help bring impartiality to these difficult decisions . For example , AI could determine if one group of employees is assessed , managed , or compensated differently . Just imagine : “ Alexa , does my organization have a gender pay gap ? ” ( Of course , AI can only be as unbiased as the data provided to the system . )
In addition , AI is already helping in the customer engagement and marketing arena . It 's clear and well documented by the AI patent activities of the big five platforms — Apple , Alphabet , Amazon , Facebook and Microsoft — that they are using it to market and sell goods and services to us . But they are not alone . Recently , HBR documented how Harley-Davidson was using AI to determine what was working and what was n't working across various marketing channels . They used this new skill to make resource allocation decisions to different marketing choices , thereby “ eliminating guesswork. ” It is only a matter of time until they and others ask , “ Alexa , where should I spend my marketing budget ? '' to avoid the age-old adage , “ I know that half my marketing budget is effective , my only question is — which half ? ”
AI can also bring value to the budgeting and yearly capital allocation process . Even though markets change dramatically every year , products become obsolete and technology advances , and most businesses allocate their capital the same way year after year . Whether that 's due to inertia , unconscious bias , or error , some business units rake in investments while others starve . Even when the management team has committed to a new digital initiative , it usually ends up with the scraps after the declining cash cows are “ fed. ” Artificial intelligence can help break through this budgeting black hole by tracking the return on investments by business unit , or by measuring how much is allocated to growing versus declining product lines . Business leaders may soon be asking , “ Alexa , what percentage of my budget is allocated differently from last year ? ” and more complex questions .
Although many strategic leaders tout their keen intuition , hard work , and years of industry experience , much of this intuition is simply a deeper understanding of data that was historically difficult to gather and expensive to process . Not any longer . Artificial intelligence is rapidly closing this gap , and will soon be able to help human beings push past our processing capabilities and biases . These developments will change many jobs , for example , those of consultants , lawyers , and accountants , whose roles will evolve from analysis to judgement . Arguably , tomorrow 's elite consultants already sit on your wrist ( Siri ) , on your kitchen counter ( Alexa ) , or in your living room ( Google Home ) .
The bottom line : corporate leaders , knowingly or not , are on the cusp of a major disruption in their sources of advice and information . “ Quant Consultants ” and “ Robo Advisers ” will offer faster , better , and more profound insights at a fraction of the cost and time of today 's consulting firms and other specialized workers . It is likely only a matter of time until all leaders and management teams can ask Alexa things like , “ Who is the biggest risk to me in our key market ? ” , “ How should we allocate our capital to compete with Amazon ? ” or “ How should I restructure my board ? ”
Under intense pressure from majorities in the House and Senate , the National Rifle Association 's huge membership , the Obama administration has abruptly changed course and is rescinding its push to ban popular and cheap ammo used by AR-15 owners .
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said 80,000 comments rolled in , many against the proposal to ban the 5.56 M855 `` green tip '' ammo . The NRA and the other groups still plan to flood ATF mailboxes with opposition letters just to make sure they go through with their withdrawal .
RELATED:52 senators warn of sweeping ammo bans , say Second Amendment 'at risk '
`` They 've gone away for now . We know they 're coming back and we will be ready , '' Wayne LaPierre , executive vice president of the NRA , told Secrets .
You spoke , we listened . @ ATFHQ plans more study on the proposed AP Ammo exemption framework . See more http : //t.co/SmRKMYvw7J — ATF HQ ( @ ATFHQ ) March 10 , 2015
In a tweet , ATF said , `` You spoke , we listened . @ ATFHQ plans more study on the proposed AP Ammo exemption framework . '' It added in a statement :
`` Although ATF endeavored to create a proposal that reflected a good faith interpretation of the law and balanced the interests of law enforcement , industry , and sportsmen , the vast majority of the comments received to date are critical of the framework , and include issues that deserve further study . Accordingly , ATF will not at this time seek to issue a final framework . After the close of the comment period , ATF will process the comments received , further evaluate the issues raised therein , and provide additional open and transparent process ( for example , through additional proposals and opportunities for comment ) before proceeding with any framework . ''
Lawmakers and the NRA , who warned that the proposal could lead to sweeping ammo restrictions , took credit . It was the NRA that teamed with the chairperson of the House and Senate Judiciary committees to collect majorities of members to oppose the bullet ban .
Just Tuesday morning , Secrets reported that 52 senators had joined 238 House members , mostly Republicans , in opposing the ban on the ammunition . Many members believed the proposal was a backdoor effort to impose gun control and limit use of the military-styled AR-15 , one of the nation 's most popular rifles but an `` assault weapon '' liberals want banned .
RELATED : Police say Obama bullet ban is n't needed , AR-15 round is n't a threat
ATF had proposed banning the ammo in a bid to protect police . They argued that the AR-15 platform is becoming a popular pistol and that police could face attacks as they do with more traditional handguns . Thus , a ban on the ammo would be a lifesaver .
In its `` framework '' proposal , ATF wrote , `` The AR platform is the semi-automatic version of the M16 machine gun originally designed for and used by the military . The AR-based handguns and rifles utilize the same magazines and share identical receivers . These AR-type handguns were not commercially available when the armor piercing ammunition exemption was granted in 1986 . To ensure consistency , upon final implementation of the sporting purpose framework outlined above , ATF must withdraw the exemptions for 5.56 mm 'green tip ' ammunition , including both the SS109 and M855 cartridges . ''
RELATED : Obama 's ammo ban triggers new fight on gun control
However , law enforcement sources said that the agency did n't realize that the proposal would face such widespread opposition .
Police groups , for example , said the AR-15 pistol , which can weigh five pounds , measure 23-inches long and cost $ 1,000 or more , is n't being used against police . Typically cheaper and easy-to-conceal handguns are used in crimes .
What 's more , that round of ammo is n't used against police , said James Pasco , executive director of the Washington office of the Fraternal Order of Police , the world 's largest organization of sworn law enforcement officers , with more than 325,000 members . `` It 's not something that 's necessary at this time , '' they told Secrets Tuesday .
And groups like the NRA warned that theBureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosivescould take the 5.56 ban and expanded it to any rifle cartridge because virtually all can penetrate soft body armor . Since 1986 , most rifle cartridges have been exempted from a ban on armor-piercing ammo because they are used for hunting and target practice , not against police .
`` Today 's announcement proves what we have said all along -- this was 100 percent political , '' said LaPierre . `` President Obama failed to pass gun control through Congress , so they tried to impose their political agenda through executive fiat . But every gun owner in America needs to understand Barack Obama 's hatred of the Second Amendment has not changed , '' they added .
RELATED : 'Stop Obama 's Ammo Ban , ' Rand Paul says
Chris Cox , executive director of the NRA 's lobbying shop , said , `` This proposal was never about law enforcement safety – it was about the Obama Administration 's desire to pander to billionaire Michael Bloomberg and their gun control groups . Since they have n't been able to ban America 's most popular rifle , they are trying to ban the ammunition instead . ''
Sen. Chuck Grassley , the Senate Judiciary Committee chairperson who authored the Senate letter to ATF , warned that the bullet ban could lead to wider restrictions and a throttling of the Second Amendment . `` Second Amendment rights require not only access to firearms but to bullets . If law-abiding gun owners can not obtain rifle ammunition , or face substantial difficulty in finding ammunition available and at reasonable prices because government entities are banning such ammunition , then the Second Amendment is at risk , '' said Grassley 's letter .
RELATED : Assault weapons ban proponent pushes AR-15 bullet ban
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com .
With added investment , courtesy of Italian coffee brand Segafredo , Luca Guercilena was able to draw up an enviable shopping list of new recruits ahead of the 2017 season . The Trek-Segafredo team manager eventually brought in Alberto Contador and John Degenkolb as the team 's marquee signings , with the latter slated to replace the now retired Fabian Cancellara . Related Articles Contador signs with Trek Segafredo on Tour de France rest day
Contador and Nibali impress at the Abu Dhabi Tour
Roche : Contador 's best is behind them but he 's still got more to give
Contador : It will be hard to beat Team Sky with their budget
Contador to make Trek-Segafredo debut at Ruta del Sol
Contador still feels capable of winning the Tour de France
Contador , who signed on a one-year deal with the option of a second , will be tasked with wining the Tour de France , but they are n't the sponsor 's first choice , with Vincenzo Nibali top of the initial shopping list .
“ Having an Italian sponsor meant that signing an Italian rider was the first choice . So we went and investigated as to whether they were available , ” Guercilena told Cyclingnews recently .
Nibali eventually left Astana for the new Bahrain-Merida team , a squad whose main focus is to deliver Nibali to success . That - not money - was the main reason why Nibali chose the Middle East outfit , according to Guercilena .
“ I think we were quite close with him . There were some differences in numbers but I do n't think that 's the main reason they decided not to come . If you look at the team he 's going to ride for , it 's a team that 's entirely built around him . Here we have our set-up and for sure we accept riders coming in with a small group but we were n't founding a team around him .
`` It was just a matter of different opportunities . With the rest , we have our style and we sign riders who love a challenge and who race with emotion and put a lot of heart into it . As a coach I was all about the numbers but I love riders who are able to anticipate and to attack at the right moment . That 's why we 've gone for riders like Degenkolb , [ Jarlinson ] Pantano and Contador . ”
Contador crashed out of the Tour de France in 2016 but rallied to take fourth in a highly competitive Vuelta a Espana . Despite the ageing year and the new blood coming through the ranks , Guercilena is confident that the two-time Tour winner can regain their best form .
“ I think Alberto can win another Grand Tour , '' they said . `` I believe they are strong enough and that the capacity they have is huge . They still have the physiological capacity to win . ”
Contador spent the last two years racing for Oleg Tinkov , and at times it appeared that their preparation and environment was not the most tranquil . When Guercilena sat down with Contador they explained that , along with providing a team dedicated to the Spaniard 's ambitions , there would be little in the way of off-the-bike distractions .
“ What we 'd like to do is put them in a calm environment in which they can go to the start of the race and know that we 're all supporting him . That they do n't need to be stressed about other kinds of stuff and that they can just focus on the victory . We do n't know what will happen because it 's racing and you always need to be attentive and there are many things that can happen . I still think they can win the Tour . ”
The 20-year-old victim was later dropped off at Harborview Medical Center with a gunshot wound to the leg , police said .
Seattle police are searching for a man and woman who opened fire on a car Sunday , leaving a man with a gunshot wound to the leg .
Witnesses said the pair fired gunshots at a silver sedan that was speeding away from a gas station near 35th Avenue Southwest and Southwest Morgan Street at about 12:30 p.m . The suspects were described as a blonde-haired woman in their 20s and a man in their 20s with dreadlocks , police said .
About 30 minutes later , officers learned that a 20-year-old man had been dropped off at Harborview Medical Center with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to the leg , according to police . The victim told police they had been putting gas in their car when they were struck by gunfire .
Officers searched the area near the gas station and collected shell casings , police said .
Activists have been digging trenches while workers from the local metallurgical plant have been welding anti-tank obstacles . Meanwhile , fighters in the local volunteer Azov Battalion have been preparing for battle .
“ We have the strength , skill and fighting spirit to resist Russia , ” said Oleg Odnorozhenko , 39 , the battalion 's deputy commander whose nom-de-guerre , “ the doctor , ” comes from their doctoral degree in history .
The battalion is primarily made up of far-right activists from eastern Ukraine , who have kept order in the city of 500,000 since pushing out Russian-backed separatists on June 18 .
The battalion 's headquarters is located at the summer residence of former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych 's elder son in Urzuf , a town near Mariupol .
The walls of the mansion have been painted with a traditional floral motif , and armed Ukrainian cossacks have been painted on the gates with a Ukrainian nationalist symbol between them .
On Aug. 31 , the Kyiv Post was escorted in an armored vehicle to their training facility that also functions as a hospital .
Kyiv Post+ offers special coverage of Russia 's war against Ukraine and the aftermath of the EuroMaidan Revolution .
Fighters were walking the grounds that had previously been an evergreen park on the Azov seashore before being repurposed as a military base .
There is a large brightly lit room with the black-and-yellow Azov battalion flag on the wall the Kyiv Post met with Vadim , 34 , the battalion 's deputy commander who goes by the nom-de-guerre “ the Trojan ” and does not identify themselves for security reasons . They said several lines of fortifications were currently being constructed around Mariupol .
Vadim , however , says they are desperate for the heavy arms they have been demanding from the government for months .
“ Fighting with a Kalashnikov in this war is like ( fighting ) with a fly swatter . Accuracy , speed and caliber decide everything , ” they said . “ This is a war of artillery and tanks , ” they added .
The Azov battalion includes some 400 fighters , and they say they pay more attention to military training than other pro-Ukrainian paramilitary groups . Here they receive 1-2 months of training rather than several weeks .
Many of the fighters are also members of the far-right Patriots of Ukraine and Ukrainian Social-Nationalist Assembly , and say they learned how to use guns at training sessions held in forests years ago .
“ We realized the danger posed by Russia and understood that sooner or later we would have to fight , ” Odnorozhenko said .
They first emerged as a small partisan pro-Ukrainian force in Donbas known as the “ little black men ” back in April , taking control of small towns and villages in the southern Donetsk Oblast .
The saw fierce fighting in Marianka and Ilovaisk and say dozens of their members were killed . For strategic reasons , however , they decline to name the exact number of fighters they have lost or the scope of their armaments .
“ the Trojan , ” a deputy commander of the Azov Battalion . ( Kostyantyn Chernichkin )
They are happy , however , to share evidence they say proves they have been fighting regular Russian troops in recent days .
Vadim says they captured an armored vehicle from the Russian army as well as two Russian soldiers last week .
Though they say they are facing Russian soldiers , Azov fighters say they are against the Kremlin , not the Russian people .
“ We are not enemies with Russians , these are all lies , ” Vadim said , adding that it will be a bitter victory for whoever wins the war .
Russian troops managed to advance to the south over the week-end , taking the town of Komsomotske according to the Agence France-Presse .
Azov 's commander Andriy Biletsky said their next target will be Volnovakha , another town to the north of Mariupol , in an interview with the Inter television channel on Aug. 31 .
“ They ( the Russians ) will attack not from Novoazovsk but from the north , where the situation is more complicated . They want to split ( Ukrainian ) groups by attacking Volnovakha , ” they said .
Now members of the Azov Battalion brace to fight back an assault on Mariupol , saying that the loss of this large and strategically important metallurgical city located on the coast of Azov Sea could lead to the loss of the entire Donbas .
Vadim , born in Kharkiv , who worked as a business crisis manager in Kyiv , said the loss of Mariupol would the same as “ the loss of motherland ” for them and they are ready to fight to the end for this city .
“ Many people love their motherland , but few are willing to die for it , ” they said .
Editor 's Note : This article is produced with support from www.mymedia.org.ua , funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark and implemented by NIRAS and BBC Media Action , as well as Ukraine Media Project , managed by Internews and funded by the U.S.Agency for International Development . Kyiv Post+ is a special project covering Russia 's war against Ukraine and the aftermath of the Euromaidan Revolution . Content is solely the responsibility of the Kyiv Post .
GETTY More than half of Brits lie to hide their lack of current affairs knowledge
Some are so embarrassed at being flummoxed by foreign policy or stumped by the Syrian conflict that they tell fibs to hide their shame , researchers found . A survey of 2,000 adults found more than half admit to bluffing over their knowledge , while four in 10 try to steer conversations away from hot topics to avoid being left red-faced .
Despite the British economy being in the spotlight on a regular basis over the past few months , 46 per cent of adults is unable to name the Chancellor of the Exchequer as Philip Hammond . One in five believed George Osborne - who lost their role when Prime Minister Theresa May formed their first cabinet - was still in position . Only slightly more than a third were aware that the terms Isis , Isil , the Islamic State and Daesh all refer to the same terrorist group , while 53 per cent had no idea Damascus is the capital of Syria , despite the war-torn country being one of the biggest stories in the news over the last five years .
GETTY Four out of 10 steer conversation away from topics like Brexit
GETTY Nearly half of adults could not name the chancellor
And with the US election looming , just 15 per cent of people were confident they knew the key details about the main parties , and more than a third admitted they had little idea what the Democrats and Republicans stood for .
It 's a shame that so many adults avoid broaching the big issues Editor Anna Bassi
The poll found young adults aged 18 to 25 performed worse than older adults who were questioned , highlighting a need for engagement in current affairs from an early age . The survey was carried out for children 's magazine The Week Junior , which aims to explain news and events from children 's perspectives and has produced videos presented by 10-year-olds to explain tricky topics . Editor Anna Bassi said : `` It 's a shame that so many adults avoid broaching the big issues . The inquisitive nature of children means they are willing to ask questions to solve a conversational problem - so adults need to be able to answer them , rather than avoid the subject altogether . ''
US Elections 2016 in pictures Tue , November 8 , 2016 The top photos following the campaign journey of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in the US Elections 2016 Play slideshow Getty 1 of 57 US Elections 2016 in pictures
GETTY Fracking is the seventh most misunderstood current affairs topic
`` Cadaeic Cadenza '' is a 1996 short story by Mike Keith . It is an example of constrained writing , a book with restrictions on how it can be written . It is also one of the most prodigious examples of piphilology , being written in `` pilish '' . The word `` cadae '' is the alphabetical equivalent of the first five digits of Pi , 3.1415 ; a cadenza is a solo passage in music .
In addition to the main restriction , the author attempts to mimic portions , or entire works , of different types and pieces of literature ( `` The Raven '' , `` Jabberwocky '' , the lyrics of Yes , `` The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock '' , Rubaiyat , Hamlet , and Carl Sandburg 's Grass ) in story , structure , and rhyme .
The limitations [ edit ]
When the number of letters in each word is written out they form the first 3835 digits of pi .
One / A Poem / A Raven / Midnights so dreary , tired and weary , 3 . 1 4 1 5 9 2 6 5 3 5
While in this example each word is the same number of letters as the next digit of pi ( and ten letters for the digit 0 ) , some sections use words of more than ten letters as a one followed by another digit :
And fear overcame my being – the fear of `` forevermore '' . 3 4 8 2 5 3 4 2 11
where 11 represents two consecutive digit `` 1 '' s in pi .
Taking `` A '' as 1 , `` B '' as 2 , `` C '' as 3 , etc. , the name of the piece itself is based on pi , as `` Cadaeic '' is the first 7 digits of pi , when rounded to that number of significant digits .
C a d a e i c 3.1 4 1 5 9 3
Near a Raven [ edit ]
The first part of Cadaeic Cadenza is slightly changed from an earlier version , `` Near a Raven '' , which was a retelling of Edgar Allan Poe 's `` The Raven '' . [ 1 ]
Poe , E .
Near a Raven
Midnights so dreary , tired and weary ,
Silently pondering volumes extolling all by-now obsolete lore .
During my rather long nap - the weirdest tap !
An ominous vibrating sound disturbing my chamber 's antedoor .
`` This '' , I whispered quietly , `` I ignore '' . — Mike Keith , First verse of Near a Raven
See also [ edit ]
Six nines in pi ( handled at the start of chapter 2 , `` Change '' )
culture Historicist : The Supreme Chief Ranger of the IOF
Oronhyatekha built the Independent Order of Foresters and the tallest building in Toronto .
If Oronhyatekha were alive today , he 'd be considered an expert networker . They jokingly referred to themselves as a “ joiner , ” accepting memberships in many prominent social organizations of their era . Relying on their extraordinary social skills to overcome prejudice they faced as a Mohawk , they built the Independent Order of Foresters into one of North America 's largest fraternal insurers . A profile published in the Globe in 1896 was typical of contemporary accounts praising their amiability :
Dr. Oronhyatekha is a man beloved for their social virtues as much as for their executive ability . In their personal relations they are gracious and unassuming . They never turns anyone away with a short answer , save as “ no ” is a small word . Everyone who calls upon them may see him , unless the exigencies of official duties and obligations , or in conference , make it impossible to spare even a moment , and may talk to them as long as they have anything worth hearing to say . As a rule it is the visitor who does the talking , unless they be one in whom the chief has confidence , when they will open the doors of their speech and talk freely and most entertainingly .
Born on the Six Nations reserve near Brantford in 1841 , Oronhyatekha 's name translates as “ burning cloud. ” Though baptized as Peter Martin , they preferred to use their Mohawk name throughout their life , a practice which contemporary chroniclers honoured . During childhood , they trained as a shoemaker at a missionary-run industrial school . Following a visit by a phrenologist who , after measuring their head , deemed them “ educable , ” Oronhyatekha attended schools in Massachusetts and Ohio before returning to the reserve as a teacher .
After earning their medical diploma in 1867 , Oronhyatekha travelled Ontario to build up their medical career , stopping in Deseronto , Frankford , Napanee , and Stratford . To attract business and reduce the stigma attached to their Mohawk background , they overstated their medical credentials , claiming they were an Oxford-trained physician specializing in nervous disorders and respiratory diseases . They earned enough respect to serve as first secretary of the Hastings County Medical Association , and was appointed , based on a recommendation by John A. Macdonald , as consulting physician to the Mohawk reserve at Tyendinaga .
Following a personal bankruptcy , Oronhyatekha moved their practice to London , Ontario in 1874 . To build their social network , they joined numerous fraternal organizations and temperance societies . They had been involved in such groups since their U of T days , having spoken at a conference of the Independent Order of Good Templars in 1863 on the dangers of “ fire water ” to the First Nations . Charm and persistence gained them entry to powerful organizations , such as the Orange Lodge , which rarely accepted aboriginals .
One membership would change their lives . In 1878 , they joined a local court of the Independent Order of Foresters ( IOF ) . Since the organization 's membership rules stated that only white males aged 21 and over could join the fraternity , they received a special dispensation thanks to their Orange Lodge associations . They later joked that their sponsors “ recognized that I belonged to a race which is superior to the white . ”
According to the Dictionary of Canadian Biography , “ Oronhyatekha took to the IOF and the concept of fraternalism like a born-again Christian to the Bible. ” They criss-crossed the province over the next three years promoting its fraternal principles and insurance benefits . With few government benefits available at the time and high premiums charged by private insurers , fraternal insurance policies offered protection for working-class families ; it is estimated that by 1900 , up to four in 10 North American men belonged to fraternal organizations . A typical death benefit assessment used a simple , inexpensive system : a fraternal member paid a $ 1 initiation fee . When they died , all the other members paid $ 1 each , up to a maximum of $ 2,000 .
When the IOF was reconstituted at a June 1881 convention , it had 369 members and $ 4,000 in debts . Elected Supreme Chief Ranger , Oronhyatekha rebuilt the order from its new headquarters in London . To restore the IOF 's solvency , a reserve fund was created , and member levies were replaced with age-graded assessments . To minimize payments , they enforced strict medical examinations to weed out risky clients , especially anyone in the booze trade . Over the next decade , welfare benefits expanded to cover disabilities , illness , and funeral costs . Membership exploded , rising to 24,601 by 1890 , 102,838 by 1896 , and over 275,000 by 1907 . During their tenure , $ 20 million in benefits were paid out to over 100,000 people .
Much of that increase was attributed to Oronhyatekha 's powers of persuasion . Their brash , self-promotional nature was compared to showman P.T . Barnum . Following the order 's move to Toronto in 1888 , it presented lavish displays at the Toronto Industrial Exhibition ( the forerunner of the CNE ) . They travelled the world to build up the IOF , even if many of the new lodges they opened outside the order 's core regions of Canada , Great Britain , and the United States faltered after their death . Their speeches and writings stressed the importance of brotherhood and supporting each other through hard times . “ He was always elegant and faultlessly groomed , ” noted Ethel Brant Monture in their book Canadian Portraits : Famous Indians . “ People sought him , for their friendliness was unbounded . Their conversation is said to have sparkled with their knowledge of man and books . In a social gathering of congenial friends it was their delight to start the group singing . Their strong baritone voice never tired and in their enthusiasm they would catch up a plate or a book and tap on it like a tom-tom to carry the beat. ” Their debating skills were also praised : “ Calm , courteous , imperturbable , clear and decisive , they are a master in debate , ” one English writer observed . “ His weapon is as smooth and decisive as a Damascus scimitar ; their dexterity in wielding it , and their quickness in watching the fence of an opponent are extraordinary and admirable . ”
Oronhyatekha liked to think big , which was literally the case when the IOF outgrew its office space in the mid-1890s . They commissioned architect/IOF member George Gouinlock to design a building at the northwest corner of Bay and Richmond , which projected the order 's size . The result was the Temple Building , a nine ( later 10 ) storey structure which was the tallest building in Toronto for a decade . The organization 's prestige was such that Governor-General Lord Aberdeen laid the cornerstone in May 1895 . When it opened on August 26 , 1897 , festivities included a parade ( where the Supreme Chief Ranger was described as “ a general enjoying a triumph ” ) and a large banquet . “ 'The Temple ' is a structure that Toronto and Torontonians will ever be proud of , ” declared the Telegram . “ It will take its place as one of the leading ‘ points of interest . ' Until visitors have seen ‘ The Temple ' they will not have seen Toronto. ” Within a few years of opening , a life-size bronze statue of Oronhyatekha sculpted by Walter Seymour Allward ( who later designed the memorial at Vimy Ridge ) was installed in the lobby .
Besides the IOF 's offices , the Temple Building also held Oronhyatekha 's extensive collection of historical artifacts that they had collected during their travels . Flipping through a catalogue prepared in 1904 reveals items ranging from First Nations weaponry to mummies . It also included a replica of the Coronation Chair in Westminster Abbey , from which they occasionally ran meetings . The collection was later considered among the founding collections acquired by the Royal Ontario Museum .
Their holdings were later viewed as an example of how First Nations coped with preserving their culture in an age of assimilation . They insisted on speaking Mohawk in their summer home near Deseronto , and supported efforts to extend voting rights . When franchise reforms to grant the vote to First Nations property owners regardless of whether or not they lived on reserves were proposed in 1885 , they wrote a widely published letter supporting the idea . They argued that claims to deny the vote because the Indian Act made them dependents of the federal government were ridiculous , and scoffed at Liberal fears that the governing Tories would gain a solid voting bloc . The franchise was n't fully extended until 1960 .
Thanks to their early brush with the Prince of Wales , they took every opportunity to honour the royal family . When the Duke and Duchess of York ( later King George V and Queen Mary ) visited Toronto in 1901 , the IOF erected a massive arch adjoining the Temple Building on Bay Street to welcome them . The arch , which was strung with blue and white electric lights , was later given to the city .
One of Oronhyatekha 's last major projects was construction of a home for orphans on Foresters ' Island , a property they had purchased for IOF use near Deseronto . They considered the opulent castle the crowning achievement of their career ; they once noted that he 'd rather be remembered for aiding orphans than their other accomplishments . Opened in 1905 , the home housed around 40 residents and proved a financial drain . By the time the orphanage moved to a modest site in Oakville in 1908 , it racked up $ 232,000 in debt .
The effects of diabetes and a heart condition soon slowed Oronhyatekha . Their final public appearance was at a banquet held in the Temple Building on January 21 , 1907 . When doctors told them to skip the engagement , they replied that “ under no circumstances will I absent myself from that banquet. ” A few days later , they headed to the United States , hoping the warmer southern climate would aid their health . After briefly visiting President Theodore Roosevelt ( who , like Prime Minister Wilfrid Laurier , belonged to the IOF ) in Washington , they moved on to Savannah , Georgia . There , doctors recommended they stay in bed . There they remained until their death on March 2 , 1907 .
Flags at the Temple Building flew at half-mast . Mayor Emerson Coatsworth praised their geniality and the millions the IOF had paid out to widows and orphans . The entire city council , along with other dignitaries , met Oronhyatekha 's casket at Union Station on the morning of March 6 . A procession passed the Temple Building , then headed to Massey Hall , where 10,000 people viewed the casket over four hours that afternoon and 3,000 attended a memorial service that evening . As the News put it in terms no newspaper would use today , “ a red man 's death had brought sorrow to thousands of white men 's hearts. ” A Telegram editorial proclaimed that , thanks to their aboriginal ancestry , “ his genius could not be traced to an origin in the old lands across the sea , ” and that “ he was a unique representative of their country , perhaps the greatest CANADIAN of their time. ” They were buried on the Tyendinaga reserve .
Oronhyatekha left the IOF in a position to continue its growth as an insurer and philanthropic organization . Their statue still greets visitors to its current offices on Don Mills Road . The Temple Building , which was constructed to withstand sledgehammers , was demolished in 1970 , though pieces of it linger at Foresters HQ and on the grounds of The Guild . At the northwest corner of Allan Gardens , near where they lived on Carlton Street , a historical plaque recognizes their accomplishments .
Additional material from Prominent Men of Canada : a collection of persons distinguished in professional and political life , and in the commerce and industry of Canada , G. Mercer Adam , editor ( Toronto : Canadian Biographical Pub . Co. , 1892 ) ; Shaping Our Future Together by Marianne Gerdes ( Don Mills : Independent Order of Foresters , 1997 ) ; Canadian Portraits : Famous Indians by Ethel Brant Monture ( Toronto : Clarke , Irwin & Company , 1960 ) ; Catalogue and notes of the Oronhyatekha Historical Collection ( Toronto : Independent Order of Foresters , 1904 ) ; the November 6 , 1863 , June 13 , 1896 , December 5 , 1896 , and January 22 , 1907 editions of the Globe ; the November 25 , 1938 and August 5 , 1966 editions of the Globe and Mail ; the May 7 , 1885 edition of the Montreal Gazette ; the March 4 , 1907 and March 6 , 1907 editions of the News ; the March 10 , 2007 edition of the Ottawa Citizen ; the April 3 , 1897 edition of the Toronto Star ; and the August 27 , 1897 and March 4 , 1907 editions of the Telegram .
Every Saturday , Historicist looks back at the events , places , and characters that have shaped Toronto into the city we know today .
Ryan Clements was n't born when their grandfather 's horse , Cam Fella , filled grandstands . But that is n't stopping the young entrepreneur from developing a technology product that they believe could help once again make harness racing relevant to a new generation of fans . By Melissa Keith
Many people who love harness racing discuss ways to promote and grow the game . Few develop an actual game to promote and grow racing .
Meet Ryan Clements . Corresponding with Trot from Hong Kong , the 30-year-old founder of the harness racing game designed for phones and tablets says developing “ Off and Pacing ” has been a long-range project . “ I actually first had the idea for this game about ten years ago while I was in university . At the time I could n't really see a way to turn it into a reality , so I wrote down some notes and moved on . Now with technology coming to the point it is now , we can build a whole virtual world of racing that people can access right from their mobile phones . ”
Off and Pacing was at the beta testing stage of development in mid-February , which means that people interested in trying the game could request an invitation via Twitter ( @ AndPacing ) or Facebook ( @ offandpacing ) , download an app onto their phone/tablet and begin managing their virtual stable as part of a game-testing group . The game allows players to buy and name their racehorses ; enter them in races at two virtual racetracks ( PL Raceway and The Big Show ) ; select drivers from a roster provided ; and view the races . Statistics are tabulated , so users can compare their stable 's progress with that of rivals . At press time , Off and Pacing was available for mobile devices operating on Apple 's iOS system ( i.e . iPhones and iPads ) , and a beta version for devices with the Android operating system was recently released .
“ Currently my role in Off and Pacing pretty much covers every area , ” says Clements via e-mail . “ As the founder , I am responsible for guiding the direction the project is taking , and making sure we have a great team that can make it happen . Prior to this I was working as a software developer , so naturally I do spend a lot of time writing code , and working on new features for the game. ” The team behind the game consists of Clements and a second programmer , Sean Snider , as well as marketing and social media specialists Jeff Vandenburg and Landon Mulhall , plus some part-time outside help for artwork .
The game and its creator have deep roots in Ontario racing . “ We have a beautiful studio office on Prince Lee Acres in Uxbridge that we work from , ” notes Clements , who is not directly employed in work with harness horses . “ I grew up very involved in the Standardbred industry , but my parents did n't want me to drive or train horses . I have always been a huge fan of the sport , and it pains me to see it struggle to connect with the current generation . My grandfather ( Norm Clements ) had the great fortune of being an owner of Cam Fella , so I would watch replays of theirs since they retired a few years before I was born. ” Norm Clements also established Prince Lee Acres as a Standardbred breeding farm in the 1980s . Ryan 's father is Daniel Clements , a well-known trainer/driver . “ Probably the most fun times I 've had with harness racing is when they have had horses racing in major stakes events and there were actually crowds gathered to watch the races , ” recalls the Off and Pacing entrepreneur .
Ryan 's passion for the sport may not have put them in the sulky professionally , but it influenced their academic choices . A decade before Off and Pacing , they introduced “ Online Harness Owner ” , a website offering fractional ownership opportunities and an online forum for owners to interact . “ When I started Online Harness Owner , we needed a pretty complicated web application to keep track of all the ownership details , purse money and training fees , ” explained Clements . “ This led me to change my major in university from Economics to Computer Science , so that I would n't always have to rely on hiring other companies to build our software for us . Ever since then , I 've been working building different kinds of software . ”
For readers unfamiliar with gaming today , this is not mere child 's play . In 2013 , the Entertainment Software Association of Canada released survey results which showed that 50 percent of Canadians played computer or video games ; 45 percent of them played “ a few days a week ” ; and gamers ' average age was 31 . A full 90 percent of Canadian children and teenagers played these games . While most gamers were male ( 54 percent ) , girls and women were definitely playing as well ( 46 percent ) .
Mobile devices were the platform for 25 percent of the games played in Canada in 2012 . That proportion has undoubtedly grown with the popularity of more-sophisticated phones and tablets , but Clements says “ Off and Pacing is very different than what most people would think of when they talk about mobile games . ”
There is a certain degree of commitment involved in mastering Clements ' game . “ A lot of mobile games are designed to help pass five minutes while you are on a bus , ” explains the developer . “ While you can certainly enjoy playing Off and Pacing for that amount of time , but the real challenge is trying to build a championship stable over the course of a year or two . Building a successful breeding operation in Off and Pacing could be a challenge that takes even longer to accomplish . A season in the game lasts 26 days , so there is an overload of excitement as you watch your star horse 's three-year-old campaign pan out in under a month . ”
People who follow harness racing on social media noticed when Clements and their team began seeking participants for the beta test stage of the game in early 2017 . “ I have been absolutely amazed at the level of support we have received since announcing this game , ” observes the lifelong racing fan and gamer . “ We decided to have a ‘ soft launch ' for the game since we knew it would take some time before we arrive at a final version that is ready to release to the public . I had imagined we would be able to get a handful of people to sign up to test the game , but in the first two weeks we ended up getting almost 200 people signed up. ” Demand for invitations to download the game app literally outpaced the game developers ' expectations . “ This created a great problem - our little test server [ computer ] could n't handle the level of traffic it was getting and we had to get a bigger one already ! ”
So far , Off and Pacing has succeeded in drawing a sizable pool of players from within the existing harness racing community , many of whom already enjoy other mobile games . “ I do n't think we will necessarily need to draw users away from other games in order for us to find [ additional ] users , ” notes Clements . “ I believe people will be open to adding ‘ another type of game ' to their phones . I also see this game attracting people who have never played a game on their phone before now . ”
Some of this audience will undoubtedly include people who do n't participate in online handicapping competitions , yet find the strategy behind building a personal racing stable intriguing . Clements suggests the appeal of handicapping-based games , even those which clearly do not involve actual money being wagered , is limited . “ Somewhere along the line we seem to have forgotten that this sport is not just about gambling , ” they tell Trot . “ The excitement of great racing will do far more to draw a crowd than new bet types or lowered take-out percentages ever will . That is why we 've chosen not to have any gambling , even virtual , in this game . I want to demonstrate that this amazing sport can draw attention without it . ”
Ambitious ? You bet . But Clements has a knowledge base strong in both harness racing and the non-gambling side of gaming . They remember seeing largely-vacant racetrack grandstands during their childhood and wondering why interest had declined from the not-that-distant heyday enjoyed by Cam Fella . In high school , Ryan and classmates wrote code for virtual tanks , pitting them against each other in a battlefield-based survival game .
Honing coding skills started as an academic activity but grew into a real interest and career path for Clements , who says Off and Pacing has the potential to incorporate the expertise of others interested in game development , thus attracting that youthful audience many racing pundits proclaim near-extinct . “ We are considering running a coding competition where participants will program a driver 's strategy , and then face off in a ‘ virtual driving championship ' for a prize , ” they add . “ I think this is one of the great things about games—they can spark interest in the younger generation to want to learn how to code for themselves . ”
“ Innovation ” and “ disruptive technologies ” are buzzwords in business today . Even the tradition-focused horse racing industry is not immune to these trends , which show no signs of slowing down . In January 2017 , for instance , Woodbine Entertainment Group named the inaugural winner of its “ Horse Racing 3.0 : Changing the Game ” ( HR3 ) competition for start-ups and entrepreneurs . Co-sponsored by Ryerson University 's Office of the Vice President , Research and Innovation , and iBoost , a team of Toronto developers took top prize for “ BetShare. ” This interactive online handicapping/wagering platform is intended to connect newcomers to experienced , successful horseplayers who , in turn , earn commission and a cut of advertising dollars for assisting with winning bets .
Clements says he 's never entered Off and Pacing in any competitions for racing innovation , although it would qualify as an innovative way to promote the sport on several levels . “ Up to this point , Off and Pacing has been funded by myself , family , and Prince Lee Acres . We will be meeting with potential investors as we work towards the public release of the game , ” tentatively scheduled for April 5th .
For those who might argue that a mobile game has little to do with real-life harness racing , Clements has powerful evidence to the contrary . “ The team has been so encouraged by the response we have gotten from early beta users , ” they say . “ We 've heard from numerous players that they absolutely love the game and ca n't put their phone down . We know we are on the right track when users are feeling emotions similar to those involved in real-world racing : the anticipation waiting for post time ; the suspense as your horse turns for home with the lead and you do n't know if they can hang on ; or even the frustration with a driver who seemingly forgot how to drive just in time for your race . We want users to get a taste of those genuine emotions that come with owning a real horse . ”
It 's about breaking down barriers to involvement , just as it was when they devised Online Harness Owner . As beta testing continues , identifying “ bugs ” or areas needing to be fixed before the game 's final version becomes commercially available , Ryan is quick to share credit with not only their team but the expanded “ team ” of industry participants who signed up for the trial version . “ This truly is a testament to the amazing people in the harness racing industry . People from all across the globe , mostly those who work in the industry as trainers , drivers , grooms , or in other capacities have done anything they can to show support and help us succeed with this game . ”
A number of professional harness drivers have already allowed themselves to be depicted as the Bobblehead-inspired virtual reinsmen in Off and Pacing . Among them are Tyler Smith , Nicholas Boyd , Brandon Bates , Brady Galliers , Roy Wilson , Adam Hanley , Petter Engblom , Derek Watiker and , naturally , Daniel Clements . “ We are yet to approach a single person to ask if they are willing to have a character featured on them -- these drivers have all requested to be in the game , ” notes Ryan . “ Our plan is to increase the number of drivers in this way as we move through beta testing , and then begin recruiting drivers in the next month or two as we approach the public launch. ” They and their team are currently willing to build a character for any driver who has held a license , provided they send a picture of themselves in their driving colours to [ email protected ] . Plans are in the works to approach several of the very top drivers in the sport about future inclusion as catch drivers at PL Raceway and The Big Show .
“ Perhaps I am just a bit of a dreamer , but the potential I see for this game 's impact on the industry is almost limitless , ” remarks Clements . “ I want to explore partnerships with real-world tracks to show virtual championship races , between their races , on their in-field screens . This would give fans a chance to watch their own horse at the track even if they ca n't ( yet ) afford to own a real horse , and create a great cross-over from virtual , to real world racing fans . ”
The overlap between racing and gaming , as opposed to gambling , was made loud and clear in December 2016 , when Elements at Fraser Downs opened Canada 's first casino-based eSports lounge . Gamers can now play their favourites in a 190-seat former poker room next to the B.C . harness racino 's racebook area . It 's not hard to imagine a game like Off and Pacing making its eventual way into the offerings at a venue like this , which currently includes popular genres ranging from first-person shooter games to sports simulation .
In the meantime , Clements ' challenge is to formally launch Off and Pacing and influence popular awareness of # harnessracing .
Game on !
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Border Protection Service chief operating officer Michael Pezzullo and deputy police commissioner Andrew Colvin talk about the raid
Australian police have seized drugs worth over half a billion dollars and broken up a Hong Kong-based drugs ring .
Four Hong Kong nationals and three Australian residents were also arrested in raids in Sydney on Monday .
Over half a tonne of drugs , including 306kg ( 674.61lb ) of crystal methamphetamine - also known as `` ice '' - and 252kg of heroin , were seized .
The haul is the largest seizure of `` ice '' and the third largest seizure of heroin , police said .
The drugs are estimated to be worth A $ 500m ( US $ 526m ; £335m ) , the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) said in a statement .
The raids and arrests followed a year-long investigation .
`` Countless lives would have been affected had this seizure made its way to Australian streets , '' Deputy Commissioner Andrew Colvin told Australian media .
They said investigations would continue and more arrests could take place .
The investigations into the syndicate began in August 2011 after a tip-off from the US Drug Enforcement Administration , police said . The drugs were found in a shipment of terracotta pots on 19 July .
The suspects will face charges in a Sydney court for importing and possessing drugs .
Dybala only wants Juventus ?
By Football Italia staff
Palermo striker Paulo Dybala will only accept a move to Juventus this summer , according to reports .
The 21-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs , with Inter , Paris Saint-Germain and Arsenal set to rival the Bianconeri for their signature .
However , according to calciomercato.com , the player themselves has made it clear that they will only accept a move to Turin .
The website states that Inter are interested , but have yet to make an official offer , with the Nerazzurri realising that they are unable to match the Rosanero 's asking price .
The Beneamata are instead said to be focusing on Stevan Jovetic of Manchester City , as well as a new contract for Mauro Icardi .
Calciomercato reports that Palermo President Maurizio Zamparini is aware that their star man only wants to join Juventus , with an agreement in principle already reached between the Old Lady and the player .
The site claims that this explains Zamparini 's numerous public declarations linking Dybala with other clubs , as they seek to get as much money from Juventus as they can .
It 's believed that the Bianconeri are reluctant to pay a high transfer fee , and will instead offer players such as Nicola Leali in exchange , though the Palermo patron is confident of extracting a big fee .
EK Water Blocks , the market leader in PC custom liquid cooling , is launching its new brand created for PC gamers called EK Fluid Gaming . Bringing the best price/performance ratio imaginable , it 's set to change how water cooling is perceived . This is real EKWB water cooling at an affordable price thanks to innovative patent pending technology .
The benefits of liquid cooling of CPUs and especially GPUs have never been so obvious as air cooling solutions are struggling to cope with cooling demands of modern PC hardware . Air-cooled PCs tend to suffer from loud noise and overheating , something that no gamer wants to hear and see as it degrades performance of hardware , furthermore preventing any serious overclocking ! Liquid cooling is the best solution for rapid heat removal due to its unmatched thermal heat dissipation . It is the only solution that allows successful heat removal from critical spots with zero noise pollution !
Speaking with gamers around the world has given us a very clear picture that building a PC is a wonderful experience . Once you do it yourself and see how easy it is , you become addicted . But like all great things , building a PC requires a certain budget and usually , this budget is limited to a certain hardware price range . Custom liquid cooling tends to be expensive and only a small number of people can afford it . We wanted to change that ! We found a way to make it all much more affordable with new aluminum technology that brings great performance for almost half the price of our core enthusiast lineup .
“ We believe every gamer should experience the joy of putting together a PC with a full custom liquid cooling solution . Every gamer should enjoy gaming on a silent PC with high FPS and low temps . Every gamer should be able to overclock their gaming PC and see what hardware is really capable of . With EK Fluid Gaming , we are now enabling you to do just that – a legendary liquid cooling solution at a very affordable price. ” – Mark Tanko , EKWB CEO
For the price of good closed loop all-in-one unit , you can now get your own custom loop solution that is expandable and will look amazing . EK Fluid Gaming is offering you optimized kits for CPU and GPU cooling , something that is hard to achieve with the basic AIOs , especially if you want your system to run super silently ! Our vast knowledge in thermal engineering has helped us to overcome the differences in materials thus allowing us to create a solution that even the most hardcore enthusiasts would love to have .
Do not fear the unknown ! Yes , you will need to assemble the EK Fluid Gaming kit but we had beginners in mind . Everything has been designed to be as easy as possible and we have devised a detailed step-by-step video tutorial for every kit . An error-preventing installation design is implemented with all of our EK Fluid Gaming cooling gear so it is as easy as installing any other cooling solution . If you have any questions about the installation process , you can count on our legendary support team that can help you out anytime !
EK Fluid Gaming products bring incredibly pure and minimalistic design for gamers to experience what enthusiasts and past customers of EK have known for years . Just like liquid shapes itself to an object , EK Fluid Gaming water blocks merge with your hardware . EK Fluid Gaming is the next revolutionary step in PC cooling that will enable high-end hardware to perform at its maximum .
Technical Highlights
Fluid Gaming products are available only as complete liquid cooling kits due to incompatibility with other copper-based liquid cooling parts available on the market from EKWB and other brands . We offer three different Fluid Gaming kits ; A120 , A240 , and A240G .
“ Fluid Gaming utilizes a new and innovative , patent pending high-volume production technology for achieving the goal of delivering top-tier performance at an affordable price . Honing the technology process and turning it into a final product is the highest accolade an engineer can get. ” – Niko Tivadar , EKWB CTO
A120 and A240 are focused on CPU cooling with different size radiators for heat dissipation , whereas A240G is the first custom liquid cooling kit on the market that offers both CPU and GPU cooling out of the box . Customers of the A120 and A240 kits will be able to upgrade to GPU cooling later on , rest assured !
EK-AluStream SE radiators offer high-class cooling performance for its thickness of less than 28mm . Dense aluminum fins combined with a slim profile provide a huge cooling surface , while the radiator remains highly compatible with most cases on the market . AluStream SE radiators are optimized for maximum heat dissipation across the entire operational range of the included industrial grade high-static pressure EK-Vardar fans thus delivering exceptional performance at both low and high airflow operation .
All three kits offer CPU cooling with EK-Supremacy AX , an evolution of the renowned high-end EKWB CPU water block that brings excellent performance and an attractive appearance ! It 's a universal water block that suits all modern CPU sockets on the market , both Intel and AMD .
The flagship EK Fluid Gaming kit , the A240G , includes a GeForce GTX water block that fits all the latest NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10 Series graphics cards as well as TITAN X Pascal and TITAN Xp graphics cards . A smooth-looking backplate is included ! AMD Vega will get its own kit once it hits the market !
EK Fluid Gaming kits come with EKWB 's own SPC series PWM liquid cooling pump with integrated reservoir . This combo offers premium hydraulic performance and full speed control for silent operation . Full performance on demand or whisper-quiet operation in idle mode .
To complete the full custom loop each EK Fluid Gaming kit comes with EK-ACF ALU fittings , EK-DuraClear transparent tubing , and the latest EK-CryoFuel coolant . Power and PWM cables , a pump holder and a detailed installation booklet that is accompanied by video installation tutorials on EK 's YouTube channel are also included .
Availability and Pricing
EK Fluid Gaming kits are 100 % designed and made in Slovenia , Europe and are already available for purchase directly through the EK webshop , exclusively through Newegg in the US , and Caseking.de and OCUK in Europe . The manufacturer 's suggested retail prices ( MSRP ) excl . VAT are listed below .
The popularity of Max Verstappen has helped to increase ticket sales for next year 's German Grand Prix according to the event 's organisers .
The race at the Hockenheimring will return on the 2018 F1 calendar having not been held this season . The event has struggled to attract fans in recent seasons .
Last year 's race attracted 57,00 spectators , a similar number to the final round of the DTM championship . The German race promoter reports 25,000 tickets have already been sold for next year , which it says is an increase of around 30 % compared to the same stage in tickets sales for the 2016 German Grand Prix .
Fans have been able to take advantage of special discounts available to early ticket buyers . The race promoter also believes “ ardent Dutch support for Max Verstappen is a major contributing factor to the increased ticket sales. ” The Belgian Grand Prix has also enjoyed a boost in attendance from Verstappen fans .
Hockenheimring CEO Georg Seiler also praised F1 's new owners Liberty Media for increasing interest in the race .
“ There appears to be a renewed excitement and anticipation for the German Grand Prix in 2018 amongst motorsport fans , ” they said . “ We are already seeing a vast increase in the multitude of fan engagement activities taking place around this year 's Formula One grands prix under the new ownership , something that helps bring Formula One closer to the motorsport community . ”
“ In this spirit , we are excited to deliver an amazing weekend for the thousands of F1 fans coming to Hockenheim next July . ”
No German tracks hold a contract for an F1 race beyond the end of next season .
2018 F1 season
* Update * - Friday FC Dallas announced the loan signing on Lizarazo from Cruz Azul . The Colombian midfielder arrives in Dallas out of form and shape . Coach Oscar Pareja arrives at this signing fully aware of what he 's getting , - from the club 's press release : `` I am going to give them a time frame of two or three months to get them fit , '' said Pareja . `` After that , he 'll need to face some competition [ to get match fit ] . They need some games , some repetition , but I am glad to be the team that gives them this opportunity . They need this chance and we were willing to bring a guy that we know will help us in the long run . ''
Lizarazo is undoubtedly a player with high upside , but after leaving a great spell with Deportivo Cali , their move last year to Cruz Azul was an injury plagued disaster . This continues the trend of Dallas ' willingness to bring in soccer reclamation projects with potentially high return and low risk .
* * * *
Late Thursday , Francisco J Velez , a broadcaster for RCN ( a Colombian TV network ) , tweeted out the above picture of FC Dallas Technical Director Fernando Clavijo , FCD Director of Soccer Operations and Assistant Technical Director Luiz Muzzi , and Carlos Lizarazo most recently of Cruz Azul in Mexico . Carlos Lizarazo is labeled in the pic as a `` Jugador FC Dallas '' which means Player FC Dallas .
The implication , obviously , is that FC Dallas is signing , or has signed , the young Mr Lizarazo .
Here 's a video of Carlos Lizarazo I found on youtube .
Specs appeal ! Top model Erin Heatherton wears sunglasses at night while attending grand opening of Oakley Fifth Avenue store
Erin Heatherton showed they have specs appeal on Thursday while attending the grand opening of a new Oakley sunglasses store in New York City .
The 25-year-old blonde beauty wore a pair of Oakley shades during the event for the brand 's new store on Fifth Avenue .
Erin had their long blonde hair down and cascading onto their shoulders for the party .
Grand opening : Erin Heatherton tried on some sunglasses on Thursday while attending the grand opening of Oakley Fifth Avenue in New York City
The former Victoria 's Secret Angel wore a scoop neck black blouse that displayed a bit of cleavage and black skinny trousers .
They also donned a grey and red tartan coat and sported black boots .
Erin let their natural beauty shine in a minimal amount of make-up but added a pop of colour with shiny pink lipstick .
Blonde beauty : Erin had their blonde hair down at the event
Top model : The Illinois native is ranked among the top 25 sexiest models by Models.com
The Illinois native from 2010 until 2013 was under contract as a Victoria 's Secret Angel model and has walked in the lingerie brand 's fashion show since 2008 . Outside of their modelling , Erin also is known for their 10-month relationship with Leonardo DiCaprio that ened in October 2012 . Erin was joined at the Oakley event by Puerto Rican model Heidy De la Rosa and South African model Natasha Barnard and they all wore sunglasses at night for a group photo .
They 're models : Heidy De la Rosa , Erin and Natasha Barnard got together at the event
Hot trio : Heidy , Erin and Natasha wore their sunglasses at nigh
( Newser ) – Comic and Silicon Valley star TJ Miller is the latest celeb accused of sexual assault , but they and their wife have issued a joint statement strongly denying the allegations . The Daily Beast first reported the accusations , made by an anonymous woman who knew Miller from their days at George Washington University more than a decade ago . They claim Miller assaulted them in two separate incidents : In the first , they say they punched them in the mouth during consensual sex , fracturing a tooth . In the second , they say they forcefully choked them during sex and `` anally penetrated me without my consent . '' On Instagram , Miller denies the claims , which were addressed by a student court at the time , though the school will not divulge the outcome .
“ We met this woman over a decade ago while studying together in college , they attempted to break us up back then by plotting for over a year before making contradictory claims and accusations , '' writes Miller with their wife , Kate . They add that he 's sure an investigation would clear him . Miller also accuses the woman of `` using the current climate to bandwagon and launch these false accusations . '' Meanwhile , the Hollywood Reporter notes that Comedy Central announced Tuesday it was canceling Miller 's animated series , The Gorburger Show , after one season . However , a network rep says the move is not related to the new controversy . ( Read more TJ Miller stories . )
Space gun !
FACT – the cosmonauts were equipped with pistols in case they landed in jungle and had to protect themselves against wild animals .
The TP-82 pistol ( Russian : ТП-82 ) was a triple-barreled Soviet firearm that was intended as a survival aid to be used after landings and before recovery in the Siberian wilderness . The upper two smoothbore barrels used 12.5×70 mm ammunition , or approximately 40 gauge , and the lower rifled barrel used5.45×39mm ammunition . The pistol could be used for hunting , to defend against predators and for visible and audible distress signals . The detachable buttstock was also a machete that came with a canvas sheath .
TP-82s were carried regularly on Soviet and Russian space missions from 1986 to 2006 . They were part of the Soyuz Portable Emergency-Survival Kit ( Носимый аварийный запас , Nosimyi Avariynyi Zapas , NAZ ) . In 2007 , the media reported that the remaining ammunition for the TP-82 had become unusable and that a regular semi-automatic pistol would be used on future missions .
Poll : Most Voters Undecided Between Snow and Swinton
Misty Snow could become the first major party transgender nominee for U.S. Senate according to a new UtahPolicy.com survey , but most voters in are currently undecided ahead of the June primary election . Misty Snow could become the first major party transgender nominee for U.S. Senate according to a new UtahPolicy.com survey , but most voters in are currently undecided ahead of the June primary election .
Snow faces Jonathan Swinton in the June primary election for the Democratic nomination . Our survey shows Snow with a modest 33-20 % lead among Utah Democrats . Independent voters also favor Snow 23-10 % .
The primary election is open to any registered Utah voter . Among all Utahns , Snow leads Swinton 18-11 % .
While Snow does enjoy a slight lead right now , the biggest number is undecided voters . Overall , 71 % of Utahns have no preference between the two . 46 % of Democrats and 68 % of independent voters also say they are undecided in the race . Those numbers reflect the relatively small name-ID for both candidates .
Snow surprised Swinton at the Democratic State Convention in April by forcing them into the primary . Swinton announced their candidacy in the summer of 2015 while Snow jumped into the race in March of this year . At the convention , Swinton got 56 and 55 % in two rounds of voting , which allowed Snow to push them into the primary .
Swinton 's troubles among Democrats largely stem from an op-ed they wrote supporting the Republican-led investigation into Planned Parenthood . Swinton , who is a marriage and family therapist , is also pro-life , a stance that did n't sit well with some Democratic delegates .
Snow , who works as a cashier at a grocery store , would become the first transgender nominee for Congress from a major political party if they win in June .
Whoever wins will face a massive uphill battle against incumbent Republican Sen. Mike Lee . Swinton has just under $ 2,000 in cash on hand according to the latest disclosure form , while Snow has not reported any contributions or spending at all . Meanwhile , Lee has more than $ 1 million on hand .
The eventual winner of June 's primary may depend on turnout . It 's difficult to predict what turnout in June for the Democrats could look like . The last time Democrats had a statewide primary election was 1992 when Wayne Owens defeated Doug Anderson for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate . There were 120,000 ballots cast in that election . Owens would go on to lose to Sen. Bob Bennett in the November election .
The Dan Jones & Associates poll was conducted May 2-10 , 2016 among 588 Utah voters with a margin of error +/-4.04 % .
Recently , a friend of mine recommended I read Avengers vs. X-Men because they said it was a cheesy good time . Kind of a so-bad-it's-good thing . So I did . And they were totally right . I then decided to sum up the entire thing in a half-assed , yet oddly detailed way . It really did n't take as long as it should have .
After two things have been around long enough , fans want to see them fight to the death . I call this the immutable Law of Orgiastic Violence . The reason why the conflict occurs is n't really important . It 's usually something silly like portals linking different worlds or an impending , greater evil bringing together two disparate rivals . So anyways , Avengers vs. X-Men is about an impending , greater evil bringing together two disparate rivals . It looks like a phoenix and it 's always on fire . It 's called the PHOENIX FORCE , but for the sake of simplicity later on , I 'm gon na call it the MAGIC SPACE FIRE BIRD . Much like Madonna after the eighties , the Magic Space Fire Bird is old , sounds terrible , loves to enter people without permission , and just keeps coming back . But I 'm getting a little ahead of myself . Let 's start from the beginning .
Remember this metaphor for later .
Right , so things kick off with an assassination attempt by MODOK . on some SCIENTIST MAN . MODOK , if you 're not familiar with the dude , is a giant head with skinny little baby-legs . They float everywhere and likes to kill things with lasers . He 's easily the best thing about this series . Sadly , they and their strike team – consisting of a Floating Red T. rex Head , a Golden Gorilla , a Hovering Tentacle Thing , and a Lobster Man , amongst others – are defeated by SCARLET WITCH , MS. MARVEL , and SPIDERWOMAN , who then bounce from the scene before they have to pay for the crazy amounts of property damage they just caused . Read that sentence back to yourself . That 's a normal day in the Marvel universe .
You should never be used to this .
We meet a feisty redhead named HOPE . She 's known as the Mutant Messiah , although she 's less like Jesus and more like a Ditto , from Pokémon . This means they copy your powers , and then blasts you repeatedly in the face with them . Losing to them always makes people feel really ashamed . It turns out that the Magic Space Fire Bird wants them so bad it hurts , and is flying through space destroying stuff as it goes . One day it just beats the hell out of a member of the Nova Corps , a group of intergalactic space cops , who also happens to be called NOVA . The dude crashes to Earth , clipping a passenger plane 's wing and destroying that sexy art deco spire of the Chrysler Building like Michael Bay did in Armaggedon . The Avengers save the plane and kind of just ignore the Chrysler Building damage bill . Nova tells them about the Magic Space Fire Bird and everybody collectively shits their spandex . It 's a really gross panel . We then cut to WOLVERINE talking to CAPTAIN AMERICA , so this whole cross-over thing can really kick into full gear . Wolverine 's all like , “ Man , not again. ” And Cap 's all like , “ Where 's the Phoenix going ? ” And Wolverine 's all like , “ Seriously ? To where all the mutants are , exactly like last time . Where the hell else ? ”
The rest of this is funnier if you imagine Wolverine looks like this
So Cap goes over to CYCLOPS ‘ crib , where a small army of mutants – and Hope – are . The entire conflict between the Avengers and the X-Men then comes down to Cyclops wanting Hope to get Phoenix 'd and help out mutants and Cap recognizing that 's a genuinely stupid idea . There 's a massive , incredibly entertaining fight on the beach where a bunch of superheroes beat the shit out of each other . At some point , Wolverine , knowing they could actually kill almost anyone there , and Spider-Man too , because why the hell not , kinda of just leave and go exploring the mutant island . They stumble across Hope , and Wolverine , remembering that the only way they stopped the Magic Space Fire Bird last time was by the possessed person killing herself , prepares to kill the feisty Mutant Messiah . In the face . Hope , it turns out , gets sort of “ slightly possessed ” the closer the flaming space bird comes to Earth , and proceeds to horribly burn Wolverine . In the face . And everywhere else too . They also beat up Spider-Man and a bunch of their fellow students before they take the Mutant Messiah name seriously and runs across the water to freedom .
The X-Men surrender . Or do they ? No . The answer is no . Something like twenty of them escape custody and go into hiding , looking for Hope . The Avengers start searching for them too . In the middle of the search , Wolverine keeps saying how much they should really kill Hope next time they find her , before the Magic Space Fire Bird arrives . Which makes sense . Because that 's how the day was saved last time . But Captain America disagrees . With their fist . So the two fight briefly , but the Cap cheats and ends up kicking Wolverine out of a plane into a completely random spot in the tundra where they conveniently run into Hope . In the meantime , in space , a bunch of Avengers who were n't in the movie and also Thor try to fight the infinitely powerful Magic Space Fire Bird . It ends up being completely pointless , an embarrassing loss , and I 'm pretty sure Thor accidentally destroys a planet . That 's right . In an effort to save Earth , one of the heroes inadvertantly blows up an entire world .
Before we can dwell on the irony , we smash-cut back to Hope and Wolverine teaming up so that they can at least try out the Magic Space Fire Bird and if they do n't like it , they can kill them They really wants to kill this teenager . Wolverine agrees , which seems out of character because he 's actually lying . During this , by the way , both the Avengers and the X-Men have been out looking for Hope and end up running into each other and fighting . They fight a lot . It 's kind of their “ thing ” . Hope and Wolverine eventually end up on the Moon because why not ? As Hope waits for the magic space fire bird to arrive , she 's surprised to find a bunch of Avengers suddenly standing behind them Turns out Wolverine told 'em where they were headed . The X-Men have been psychically tracking them too , thanks to EMMA FROST , and show up . You see where this is headed ? They 're probably gon na fight again . Just that moment the Magic Space Fire Bird arrives and sort of just hovers on the surface of the moon .
It looks like him , but with wings
Everyone gets really mad , and they totally fight again . As this Moon Fight goes down , we find out that TONY STARK has built a GUNDAM . It looks awesomely retro . Using their incredible intellect and scientific know-how , they fly the giant robot right up to the Magic Space Fire Bird and blasts it with a massive , Metroid-esque space laser . It turns out to be a really terrible idea . The Magic Space Fire Bird splits into five pieces and enters five mutants : Cyclops , the leader , Emma Frost , the sexy one , NAMOR , the bad boy , MAGIK , the hipster , and COLOSSUS , the Russian . Together they become known as the PHOENIX FIVE . They 're stupid powerful and fighting them is sort of a waste of everyone 's time , so they fly back to Earth , Hope in tow . Fortunately , they 're also generally pretty nice . They travel across the world , fixing things , providing perpetual energy and food to billions . They also effectively end all war . So…end of story , right ? I mean , what could anyone possibly complain about ? Maybe the Avengers might be annoyed they did n't save the world , but come on now . Well , we cut to K'UN-L'UN , which – I kid you not – is basically KUNG FU ISLAND . We meet LEI KUNG , THE THUNDERER who talks to an OLD BLIND MAN WITH AN EYEBALL IN Their HAND . Old Blind Man with an Eyeball in their Hand tells Lei Kung that this whole thing has happened before , and they need IRON FIST to prevent calamity .
Kung Fu Island , as seen in Black Dynamite
The Avengers and Wolverine are still massively distrustful of the Phoenix Five and want to steal away Hope from their custody . They launch a secret , stealthy , special-ops mission into the mutant home base of UTOPIA . The “ stealth ” part instantly fails because Emma Frost is an infinitely powerful Phoenix-infused psychic . But even without their surveillance , we could consider their mission a moral failure when Thor , still giddy after destroying a planet a few issues ago , and also wearing armor , socks a teenage mutant in the stomach before snatching Hope . Everyone kind of ignores this . Cyclops and Emma Frost show up and casually embarrass The Avengers by tossing them around like dolls . Just when it seems hopeless , Scarlet Witch shows up . Remember her ? From the beginning ? They can do something called CHAOS MAGIC , which seems to be only thing that can hurt the Phoenix Five . They help the Avengers Child-Beating Strike Team and Hope escape . So I guess they technically win the first round . The Avengers then celebrate . Gangnam Style .
TO BE CONTINUED…
Advertisements
Olli Profile Blog Joined February 2012 Austria 24017 Posts Last Edited : 2017-01-22 12:30:52 # 1
Photo : Bluemoon
OLLI : Solar said you 'll advance in Code S. Do you agree ?
SCARLETT : Yeah , I think so as well . does n't play anymore , so I just have to beat or , and I think I 'll beat aLive . So even if I lose to Classic I should still advance .
Are you planning on playing in all of the Korean tournaments ?
Yeah , I 'm living in Korea now . I 'll try and play in all the Korean tournaments . It might be hard though because you have to get top 4 in Code S now to get a seed for next season , everyone else has to play qualifiers again .
Who are top players of each race on ladder ?
is the best Zerg I think .
Maru is the best TvZ . They remind me of TaeJa a lot . Back in 2013 I could beat any Terran quite easily with muta/ling/bane . For example : in a Season Finals in 2013 I beat Maru , after he 'd just won OSL , and MMA , but then I played TaeJa in practice and it was n't even close . Every game I got destroyed . They were so much better at engaging , super patient with their units . They never went on creep ; they just slowly pushed the creep back before engaging properly . And they always dealt perfectly with counterattacks . Playing Maru in practice now feels exactly the same .
For Protoss… they 're all pretty similar at the top , but is good . is good too . just does random build and shades on everything , so if you play safe they should be beatable .
What do you think about the skill level overall now compared to years prior ? Some people are saying it 's gone down , some say it 's better than ever .
I do n't think the overall level is lower . I think there 's fewer top players now , but the best are better now . There used to be about a hundred good players in Korea and now there 's around 30 . But the top players I think have always gotten better . Even and are better than top players years ago .
How do you feel about your match-ups ?
ZvT and ZvZ are my better matchups , but in ZvP they just make carriers . It 's almost a free win for Protoss . The only way you really beat it is with roach/queen/nydus and they do n't see it . If it gets to lategame it 's unbeatable . Hydras have no HP and corruptors do n't do enough damage . Skytoss lategame has been an issue for four years now .
Some things are really annoying . 3rax reaper is still an issue , and carriers obviously . On Habitation Station there 's a liberator spot behind the third base where only one queen can hit it . We 've told Blizzard but they have n't fixed it . Protoss ca n't hit it at all except with stargate units . And as Zerg you need 7 queens to kill a single liberator there .
So if it 's been a problem for so long , is it even possible to balance Zerg vs Protoss lategame with tweaks to existing units , or does Zerg need a new unit altogether ?
Hopefully just buffs . We have enough units for now . I think corruptors are just useless , so buffing them would be good .
Speaking of balance , you won games in NationWars with BL/infestor . How does it feel to go back to the roots ?
It feels nice . But I only won because I was really ahead . BL/infestor works well as a timing , but if they get ravens it does n't work anymore .
If you ask different Zergs , they 'll tell you that ZvZ is still a coinflip .
The maps now are better for it . I think it 's better than it 's been in a while , but everyone still plays really aggressively so it 's hard .
Have you enjoyed WESG ?
Yeah , mostly . I like Chinese events unlike most of the other players . I like coming to China . I came here for the first time when I was 12 . I 've been here 8 times in total . The others do n't like the food or do n't speak or read Chinese , but for me it 's easy to get around .
And I know there 's been stream issues and such , but they 're taking care of everyone so well . There 's player managers that speak essentially every language . We have individual little booths for players , which is the first time I 've seen that . It 's really nice . So I really hope they 're doing another one of these for StarCraft .
You speak Chinese ?
I forgot most of it , but I 've still got basics . I can order food and such , but no long conversations . Not even StarCraft stuff .
How far can you go in Code S ?
Depends on who I have to play against and whether or not they nerf carriers . That 's a big roadblock . And right now I do n't think I can beat . I 'd feel pretty confident even against or – I beat them like 60-70 % in practice . But Maru I lose to 100 % . Olli sat down with Scarlett during WESG to discuss the event itself , their upcoming Code S group , and just a little bit of game balance.Yeah , I think so as well . MyuNgSiK does n't play anymore , so I just have to beat Classic or aLive , and I think I 'll beat aLive . So even if I lose to Classic I should still advance.Yeah , I 'm living in Korea now . I 'll try and play in all the Korean tournaments . It might be hard though because you have to get top 4 in Code S now to get a seed for next season , everyone else has to play qualifiers again . ByuL is the best Zerg I think.Maru is the best TvZ . They remind me of TaeJa a lot . Back in 2013 I could beat any Terran quite easily with muta/ling/bane . For example : in a Season Finals in 2013 I beat Maru , after he 'd just won OSL , and MMA , but then I played TaeJa in practice and it was n't even close . Every game I got destroyed . They were so much better at engaging , super patient with their units . They never went on creep ; they just slowly pushed the creep back before engaging properly . And they always dealt perfectly with counterattacks . Playing Maru in practice now feels exactly the same.For Protoss… they 're all pretty similar at the top , but Stats is good . Classic is good too . herO just does random build and shades on everything , so if you play safe they should be beatable.I do n't think the overall level is lower . I think there 's fewer top players now , but the best are better now . There used to be about a hundred good players in Korea and now there 's around 30 . But the top players I think have always gotten better . Even ShoWTimE and Neeb are better than top players years ago.ZvT and ZvZ are my better matchups , but in ZvP they just make carriers . It 's almost a free win for Protoss . The only way you really beat it is with roach/queen/nydus and they do n't see it . If it gets to lategame it 's unbeatable . Hydras have no HP and corruptors do n't do enough damage . Skytoss lategame has been an issue for four years now.Some things are really annoying . 3rax reaper is still an issue , and carriers obviously . On Habitation Station there 's a liberator spot behind the third base where only one queen can hit it . We 've told Blizzard but they have n't fixed it . Protoss ca n't hit it at all except with stargate units . And as Zerg you need 7 queens to kill a single liberator there.Hopefully just buffs . We have enough units for now . I think corruptors are just useless , so buffing them would be good.It feels nice . But I only won because I was really ahead . BL/infestor works well as a timing , but if they get ravens it does n't work anymore.The maps now are better for it . I think it 's better than it 's been in a while , but everyone still plays really aggressively so it 's hard.Yeah , mostly . I like Chinese events unlike most of the other players . I like coming to China . I came here for the first time when I was 12 . I 've been here 8 times in total . The others do n't like the food or do n't speak or read Chinese , but for me it 's easy to get around.And I know there 's been stream issues and such , but they 're taking care of everyone so well . There 's player managers that speak essentially every language . We have individual little booths for players , which is the first time I 've seen that . It 's really nice . So I really hope they 're doing another one of these for StarCraft.I forgot most of it , but I 've still got basics . I can order food and such , but no long conversations . Not even StarCraft stuff.Depends on who I have to play against and whether or not they nerf carriers . That 's a big roadblock . And right now I do n't think I can beat Maru . I 'd feel pretty confident even against INnoVation or ByuN – I beat them like 60-70 % in practice . But Maru I lose to 100 % . Administrator `` Declaring anything a disaster because aLive popped up out of nowhere is just downright silly . ''
Tory MEP Daniel Hannan says Brexit voters will be ‘ disappointed ' if they think there will now be zero immigration from EU
The leave campaign has appeared to row back on key pledges made during the EU referendum campaign less than 24 hours after the UK voted for Brexit , after it emerged immigration levels could remain unchanged .
Leading Brexit figures had disagreed throughout the campaign on issues including immigration , free movement and the cost of the UK 's EU membership .
EU referendum : Pro-Brexit MEP admits free movement of labour may not end – live Read more
But within hours of the result on Friday morning , the Ukip leader , Nigel Farage , had distanced themselves from the claim that £350m of EU contributions could instead be spent on the NHS , while the Tory MEP Daniel Hannan said free movement could result in similar levels of immigration after Brexit .
Hannan said : “ Frankly , if people watching think that they have voted and there is now going to be zero immigration from the EU , they are going to be disappointed . ”
Their comments came after the leave camp made voters ' concerns about the impact of immigration on jobs , infrastructure and the NHS a key part of their campaigning .
There had been no suggestions of changing the status of any EU nationals in Britain , Hannan told the BBC , adding that no one had said this might be the case in the event of a leave victory .
“ All we are asking for is some control over roughly who comes in and roughly in what numbers . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Nigel Farage leaves a central London TV studio after their side won the EU referendum vote on Friday morning . Photograph : Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The issue is the latest area where leave campaigners appeared to be walking away from pledges made during the campaign , following Farage 's admission on Friday morning that the pledge plastered all over the official Vote Leave battle bus to spend money recouped from the EU on the NHS was “ a mistake ” .
Meanwhile , Liam Fox cast doubt on the necessity of triggering the article 50 clauses of the Lisbon treaty that sets out the legal process for a country 's EU withdrawal .
“ A lot of things were said in advance of this referendum that we might want to think about again and that [ invoking article 50 ] is one of them , ” said the Conservative MP .
“ I think that it does n't make any sense to trigger article 50 without having a period of reflection first , for the cabinet to determine exactly what it is that we 're going to be seeking and in what timescale .
Ratings agency Moody 's has lowered the outlook for the UK 's credit rating from stable to negative amid what it said would prove a prolonged period of uncertainty following Britain 's vote to leave the European Union .
Moody 's said the unpredictability of British decision-making had factored into its move , as had the likelihood of lower economic growth , which it said would outweigh any savings the UK might hope to get from not having to contribute to the EU budget .
“ Over the longer term , should the UK not be able to secure a favourable alternative trade arrangement with the EU and other countries , the UK 's growth prospects would be materially weaker than currently expected , ” the agency 's note said .
Standard and Poor 's has also warned that Britain 's top “ AAA ” credit rating was at risk .
Britain 's vote on Friday to leave the EU has sparked widespread turmoil and uncertainty , forcing the prime minister David Cameron to resign and wiping more than $ 2tn ( £1.46tn ) of value from markets around the world .
The governor of the Bank of England has stepped forward to calm financial markets after the Brexit vote sent the pound to its lowest level since 1985 and at one point wiped £120bn off the value of Britain 's leading shares .
Amid fears that it could spark a fresh global financial crisis , Mark Carney said Threadneedle Street was ready to do whatever was needed to mitigate the impact of Britain 's vote to leave the EU . City traders quickly responded by placing bets on an interest rate cut by the end of the year .
More than 100 animals from Louisiana will land in San Diego Monday thanks to a `` Wings of Rescue '' flight .
Twenty dogs and 85 cats from a shelter in Lafayette are coming to San Diego to make room in Louisiana for animals left stranded by the flooding and torrential rains in Texas . Those animals are expected to arrive at the Lafayette shelter as soon as the San Diego-bound pets leave .
The animals will board their flight in the morning , and the plane is scheduled to arrive at Gillespie Field around 2 p.m .
The pets will go to Labradors and Friends Rescue , San Diego Humane Society , and Rancho Coastal Humane Society .
Callen is one of the adoptable dogs coming to San Diego .
Photo credit : Wings of Rescue
Labradors and Friends is in need of in-home foster care providers to assist with the incoming dogs . For more information contact Lauren Dube at 619-990-7455 or dogs @ labradorsandfriends.org
Each organization is accepting donations to help with the cost of the flight and medical care for the pets .
The animals are not victims of the storm and will be available for adoption .
Bitshares Price Prediction March 26th Uptrend forming !
Bitshares Price Prediction March 26th Uptrend forming ! after a significant convergence between .000015 and .000011 vs Bitcoin Bitshares looks like it will break out to the upside taking a looking at the 4 hour chart . .000011 has had decent support we see a nice uptrend is forming . The price should rise to .000018 vs Bitcoin near term if the uptrend holds a move higher is probable . The Stochastic RSI is in an uptrend at 82 I 'm looking for a peak before a bull pullback .. The CCI is at 246 at a high level look for a small 4 hour pullback at some point . There is a chance of the downtrend continuing so definitely keep an eye on lower support .
Bitshare News
BitShares price jump follows Microsoft Azure additionBitShares is a cryptocurrency and financial blockchain smart contracts platform . The currency is currently ranked as the 8th largest by market cap , worth around US $ 23 million at the time of writing .
Founded by Daniel Larimer in the fall of 2013 , BitShares has a three-second blocktime , which is as fast as you can send a transmission from the far side of the planet and still get included into the current block . There are also some unrivaled features ; a decentralized exchange built into its wallet client , human-readable named addresses , the ability to issue your own crypto-assets to other wallet holders and trade them in the exchange , and an interesting governance model with user voting .
Despite the project 's interesting advantages , user adoption has n't taken off . The cryptocurrency 's price chart had been steadily headed downhill since trading started in July 2014 . Today , however , that trend has taken a sharp turn upwards , with news of Microsoft 's Azure Blockchain as a Service ( BaaS ) platform adding a BitShares template package . The template deploys a BitShares node and a command-line wallet on Ubuntu Linux .
Google has been ordered by a Brazilian court to pay Formula One racing driver Rubens Barrichello $ 500,000 in damages for the presence of fake online profiles of the driver on its social network Orkut , which is hugely popular in the man 's home country .
The civil case , which was filed in July 2006 , related to hundreds of fake profiles for Barrichello that were created on Orkut , some of which depicted them as a toy turtle – I kid you not .
Earlier this week , Brazilian media published the outcome of the São Paulo court 's ruling , which ordered Google to compensate Barrichello half a million dollars in damages upfront and a daily fine of $ 590 until all the profile pages relating to the F1 driver were removed from the social network . Note : different media report different amounts .
Google told local reporters that it will always remove illegal content from Orkut but does not feel responsible for all other content that appears on there , and they do n't expect to have to police negative commentary about celebrities . Google can still appeal the case in higher court .
This is n't the first time Google finds itself in Brazilian courts over Orkut .
On August 22 , 2006 , a Brazilian Federal Judge ordered Google to release Orkut user 's information of a list of about two dozen Brazilian nationals , believed to be using the social network to sell drugs and to be involved in child pornography . The judge ordered Google to pay $ 23,000 per day in fines until the information was turned over to the Brazilian government . Google back then stated that it would not release the information , on the grounds that the requested information is on Google servers in the U.S. and not in Brazil , and is therefore not subject to its national laws .
For what it 's worth , multi-millionaire Barrichello was looking for ‘ respect rather than money ' , and that they would be donating the money awarded to them in court to their non-profit organization Barrichello Kanaan Foundation . On Monday , the F1 driver tweeted a quote from Swiss philosopher Henri-Frédéric Amiel ( which I suspect was freely translated from their famous quote “ There is no respect for others without humility in one 's self ” ) .
My guess is they simply do n't like turtles .
( Via F1Planet )
The capture of Constantinople by the armies of the Fourth Crusade was one of the most remarkable episodes in medieval history . One of their number wrote , ‘ No history could ever relate marvels greater than those as far as the fortunes of war are concerned ' . On April 12th , 1204 , an army of perhaps 20,000 men and a fleet of about 200 ships crewed by Venetian sailors and warriors , broke in and began to loot the greatest metropolis in the Christian world . Constantinople 's mighty walls had resisted numerous onslaughts as the Avars , Persians and Arabs had tried to assail its defences over the centuries . Yet always ‘ the queen of cities ' , as the Byzantines described their capital , had survived . What had brought the crusaders to attack their fellow Christians and how did they manage to succeed ? The crusaders understood their success as a manifestation of God 's will . One commented , ‘ There can be no doubt that the hand of the Lord guided all of these events ' .
There was a history of difficulties between the two parties , dating from the 1054 Schism between the Catholic and Orthodox churches . This concerned matters of doctrine , religious practice and papal authority and gave an added sharpness to future disputes . The advent of the crusades in 1095 brought further tensions often created by large and sometimes ill-disciplined armies passing through the Byzantine Empire en route to the Holy Land . Greek purges of the Venetian ( 1171 ) and western ( 1182 ) communities in Constantinople added to this record of troubles .
Martin Shkreli , also known as the “ Pharma Bro , ” defied their attorneys ' advice to lay low before their federal securities fraud trial starts .
Shkreli , who became a pariah after raising the cost of a life-saving drug 5,000 percent , has been preening for cameras and trolling on social media , potentially complicating their defense in the trial , which begins Monday .
`` I 'm excited , '' Shkreli said of the trial in a brief phone call last week to the Associated Press . “ I ca n't wait . ”
Since their arrest in 2015 , Shkreli has been free on bail and free to speak their mind . They went on Twitter to label members of Congress `` imbeciles '' for demanding to know why their company , Turing Pharmaceuticals , raised the price of Daraprim , a drug used to treat toxoplasmosis and HIV , from $ 13.50 to $ 750 per pill .
They took to YouTube for a series of lessons on chemistry and stock market analysis . Their Twitter posts mocking a freelance journalist turned so creepy — one showed a fake photo of them canoodling with them — that their account was shut down . And on Facebook , they mused about the possibility of being `` unjustly imprisoned . ''
Though Shkreli took a ton of heat from Daraprim , the federal securities fraud case is unrelated .
Prosecutors say that after Shkreli lost millions of dollars through bad trades through their side business hedge fund , they looted a second pharmaceutical company for $ 11 million to pay them back . The defense has argued that they had good intentions .
`` Everybody got paid back in this case , '' their lawyer said . `` Whatever else they did wrong , they ultimately made them whole . ''
The defense has pondered putting Shkreli on the stand to highlight is rise in the industry . They wanted to develop new life-saving drugs after seeing `` several classmates and other children they knew struck down by debilitating disease , '' court papers say .
Prosecutors call it a ploy to portray the boyish-looking Shkreli as `` a Horatio Alger-like figure who , through hard work and intelligence , is in a position to do great things if only the jury would ignore the evidence and base its verdict on sympathy . '' The real Shkreli was a con man often undone by their own mouth , they say .
Prosecutors also used their boasts about some of their purchases of eccentric collectibles to undermine efforts to reduce their bail from $ 5 million to $ 2 million . If they needed to raise cash to pay legal fees and back taxes , they argued , why not sell the one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album that they brought for $ 2 million or their Nazi-era Engima code-breaking machine ?
Also cited were their offers to pay a $ 100,000 bounty for finding the killer of a Democratic National Committee staffer and $ 40,000 in tuition for a Princeton student who solved a math problem they posed during a guest lecture at the school earlier this year .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Hong Kong ( CNN ) -- It was 10 p.m. on Sunday and 22-year-old Michelle Li , a dancer , was supposed to be in their room doing homework .
But when they saw mobile Facebook updates of police tear gassing pro-democracy protesters in downtown Hong Kong , they were too agitated to study . Grabbing their smartphone , they followed online postings to the protest site itself -- and soon had torn gas fired at them as well .
Only then did they peel their eyes from their mobile device . `` While we were waging battle , we screamed out news to each other , '' they tell CNN . `` But before and after , I 'd update people on the Internet . ''
It 's a high-tech response to a high-stress situation . Armed with top-of-the-line phones on some of the world 's fastest mobile networks , Hong Kong 's young protesters are able to organize themselves at a lightning pace older generations of activists could have only dreamed of .
`` The Internet is a critical reason these protests have exploded so quickly and so out of control , '' says Li . `` We all want instant news , and people are very unsettled . ''
Barely an hour after Li was sprayed by tear gas , many young people , clutching glowing smartphones , used group chat apps like WhatsApp and Firechat to set up a splinter protest some five kilometers ( three miles ) north of Hong Kong 's downtown Central district .
Just before the clock struck midnight Sunday , at least 1,000 protesters -- many heeding messages that had been posted online just minutes before -- suddenly flooded the main road in Hong Kong 's Mong Kok shopping district , leaving police surprised and outnumbered .
Then , in a coordinated move , dozens of young protesters parked vans and trucks in a tight formation , protectively surrounding protesters .
The police seemed unable to respond , and withdrew from the scene . Along with many other parts of Hong Kong , Mong Kok remains occupied with protesters Monday evening .
Crowd confusion
As protesters develop new ways to organize themselves online , it 's become less clear who is leading .
Last night , student protest leaders -- including high school striker Joshua Wong -- asked supporters to go home out of safety , but thousands of protesters continued joining protests after midnight .
Rumors of an impending crackdown have also added to the confusion .
One message forwarded to CNN contained a cell phone recording of a young man who claimed to be the son of a police officer .
`` There will be 2,000 to 3,000 riot police officers tonight , '' said the voice . `` Please spread this , just do n't quote my name . ''
Another image briefly sparked panic Sunday night , purporting to show Chinese military vehicles moving in toward the protest . They turned out to be photos from an unrelated date .
To try and calm nerves , a group of 11 journalism students at the University of Hong Kong started a Facebook page with minute-by-minute protest updates that they claim to have verified . The page , launched less than 24 hours ago , already has over 70,000 followers .
`` Not many of our friends really believe what they see on TV any more , '' says Gloria Cheung , 23 , who helps run the Facebook page . `` But there are a lot of rumors causing panic on the internet . ''
`` Right now we just want to verify information , so people do n't get confused . ''
Locals are n't the only ones looking for news , though .
One group of volunteers has used social media to translate protest updates into thirteen languages , using the hashtag # UmbrellaMovement -- a reference to the umbrellas used by Hong Kong 's protesters to shield against pepper spray .
'What 's terrifying is , we 're not scared '
Despite the sophistication of their tools and the efficiency of their actions , students like Cheung and Li share a sense that the world they know is falling apart .
`` It 's such a shock for me and my friends , '' says Cheung . `` We have been living such a normal , protected , and comfortable life in Hong Kong . We never thought there would be tear gas explosions . ' ''
Li says it 's frightening how quickly young people have adapted to chaos as a new normal .
At first , they said their group of friends is scared of being arrested , then they were scared of pepper spray and then they feared being tear gassed .
`` What 's terrifying is , we 're increasingly not scared -- and the police may have to deploy more terrible weapons to scare us . ''
The fear of bloodshed is perhaps felt most painfully by Hong Kong 's older generation , who still have memories of Tiananmen Square etched into their minds .
Li plays a WhatsApp voice message they were forwarded last night , from their former high school teacher .
`` Hello students , this is your teacher , I 'm safe right now , please do n't worry , '' the woman says steadily .
Suddenly , their voice wavers and cracks with emotion .
`` But please , listen to me , do n't come out any more , you are just high school students . You should n't have to face these scenes , please go home .
`` Because I do n't want anything to happen to you , '' they continue , now crying .
`` If you are at the protest right now and you can hear the sound of my voice , please leave immediately , because we just do n't know what 's going to happen next . ''
In a large balcony above the beautiful main hall at Regent 's Park Mosque in London - widely considered the most important mosque in Britain - I am filming undercover as the woman preacher gives them talk .
What should be done to a Muslim who converts to another faith ? `` We kill him , '' they say , `` kill him , kill , kill…You have to kill him , you understand ? ''
Adulterers , they say , are to be stoned to death - and as for homosexuals , and women who `` make themselves like a man , a woman like a man ... the punishment is killed , kill them , throw them from the highest place '' .
These punishments , the preacher says , are to be implemented in a future Islamic state . `` This is not to tell you to start killing people , '' they continue . `` There must be a Muslim leader , when the Muslim army becomes stronger , when Islam has grown enough . ''
A young female student from the group interrupts her : the punishment should also be to stone the homosexuals to death , once they have been thrown from a high place .
These are teachings I never expected to hear inside Regent 's Park Mosque , which is supposedly committed to interfaith dialogue and moderation , and was set up more than 60 years ago , to represent British Muslims to the Government . And many of those listening were teenage British girls or , even more disturbingly , young children .
My investigation for Channel 4 's Dispatches came after last year 's Undercover Mosque , which investigated claims that teachings of intolerance and fundamentalism were spreading through Britain 's mosques from the Saudi Arabian religious establishment - which is closely linked to the Saudi Arabian government .
In response , the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia denied it was spreading intolerance , while Regent 's Park Mosque , which featured in the film , urged all mosques to be `` vigilant '' and monitor what was taught on their premises .
So earlier this year , dressed in a full Islamic jilbaab , I went back to Regent 's Park Mosque to see what was being taught there . As a woman , I had to go to the main female section , where I found this circle preaching every Saturday and Sunday , eight hours at a time , to any woman who has come to pray .
The mosque is meant to promote moderation and integration . But although the circle does preach against terrorism and does not incite Muslims to break British laws , it teaches Muslims to `` keep away '' and segregate themselves from disbelievers : `` Islam is keeping away from disbelief and from the disbelievers , the people who disbelieve . ''
Friendship with non-Muslims is discouraged because `` loyalty is only to the Muslim , not to the kaffir [ disbeliever ] '' .
A woman who was friendly with a non-Muslim woman was heavily criticised : `` It 's part of Islam , of the correct belief , that you love those who love Allah and that you hate those who hate Allah . ''
One preacher even says Muslims should n't live in Britain at all : `` It is not befitting for Muslims that they should reside in the land of evil , the land of the kuffaar , the land of the disbelievers . ''
Another , Um Saleem , says Muslims should not take British citizenship as their loyalty is to Allah .
`` Some conditions can take you into disbelief , to take the British citizenship , whether you like it or not , for these people , you are selling your religion , it 's a very serious thing , it is not allowed to give allegiance to other than Allah . ''
Their teachings shocked me . This was not the Islam that I and many other Muslims in the UK were taught as youngsters , nor is it a version that most Muslims follow .
I was amazed at how many young British women seemed to find this version of the faith attractive . One young girl told me that when they first attended the circle , they were dressed in jeans and that they had many non-Muslim friends . They now loves only those that are around them - `` other sisters in the circle '' - and only engages with non-Muslims to try to convert them . Many of the sisters had the idea of living as a separate community - a concept alien to me and many other Muslims I know .
Regent 's Park Mosque has a major interfaith department , which arranges visits from the Government , the civil service , representatives of other religions and thousands of British school children a year .
I watched as an interfaith group was brought in to meet the mosque 's women 's circle for a civilised exchange . But when the interfaith group was n't there , the preacher attacked other faiths , and the very concept of interfaith dialogue .
One preacher said of Christians praying in a church : `` What are these people doing in there , these things are so vile , what they say with their tongues is so vile and disgusting , it 's an abomination . '' As for the concept of interfaith live-and-let-live : `` This is false . It does not work . This concept is a lie , it is fake , and it is a farce . ''
Like many of the other women at the circle , I was soon invited to private sessions in houses around London , to `` learn more '' about Islam - or their version of Islam . Um Saleem was also at some of these sessions . Here , the women were given strict restrictions on their lives : it is reiterated that British Muslim women can not travel far without a male guardian , can not mix with men , and have to remain fully covered up at all times .
One woman in the audience queried the strict rulings that they can not travel without a mahram - a male member of the family - escorting them They asked : `` Sister , if me and my husband , we ca n't go together , what do I do if I want to go ? ''
They were told they can not travel by herself .
They asked again : `` So what do I do ? ''
`` You go with your husband , '' Um Saleem replied .
There were also restrictions on education or work opportunities . One woman , who works for the NHS , was told they should leave their job as it meant mixing with men and not wearing a full Islamic garment .
`` You know that working in an environment that is not Islamic , working with the kuffaar , all this takes you away from the religion and hardens your heart and it would be lying to you if I say it 's OK , '' Um Saleem explained .
Um Saleem also criticised Muslim women who integrate into society - a view that is counter to the aims of the Regent 's Park Mosque .
`` You see Muslims in every sphere of everyday life in this country , I see Muslims , it breaks my heart when I see them working in banks , short sleeves , tight scarf like this , make-up , being with the kuffaar all the time , even speaking their language , '' they said .
The director general of Regent 's Park Mosque is Dr Ahmed Al Dubayan , a Saudi diplomat . They have denied to Dispatches that their mosque promotes the Saudi version of the faith , often called Wahhabism . And indeed , the imams in the main hall are Egyptian , and the sermons I heard from them were tolerant and moderate when you listen to them on Fridays .
But the preachers I heard in the women 's section took their theology directly from Saudi Arabia . One of them had recently returned from three years of study in Saudi Arabia , and the other preachers almost exclusively directed me to the works , sermons , fatwas and online sites of the scholars of the Saudi Arabian religious establishment and their adherents .
Confronted with these female preachers ' comments , Dr Al Dubayan insisted that the views did not reflect those of the Regent 's Park Mosque , and that Um Saleem was not an authorised teacher . `` The ICC [ the London Central Mosque and Islamic Cultural Centre , most commonly referred to as the Regent 's Park Mosque ] is committed to interfaith and cross-cultural understanding , '' they said . `` It does not support or condone extreme views , racial hatred , violence or intolerance . ''
They said one of the preachers we filmed was unknown to him . Another , Um Saleem , had requested permission to be an authorised teacher at the mosque , but had been refused , as they did not supply references and written information about their teachings and views . Until I contacted him , both they and the mosque had not known of their teachings and views .
Um Saleem later told me that their comments that Muslims could not take British citizenship were `` erroneous '' and indeed apologised for them . As for comments that Muslims can not live in a non-Muslim country , they agreed that the language used was `` inappropriate '' . They continued : `` Whilst it is recommended for a Muslim to migrate to a Muslim country , it is not obligatory . ''
They added : `` We are not blind followers of any government or any 'clerics ' . We do criticise other religions , just as other religions criticise Islam…we encourage integration into society . ''
However , they stood by some of their other claims , stating that the rulings that women could not travel alone , and could not work if it conflicted with religious requirements , were `` totally justified by Islamic texts '' .
`` You may regard these juristic and textual rulings as 'extreme restrictions ' , '' they said . `` But we see them as our way of life and a liberation of the soul . ''
The Mosque 's official bookshop was another focus for the Dispatches film last year when our reporters discovered intolerant and fundamentalist DVDs .
Dr Al Dubayan said they would be removed pending an investigation , but I found the same fundamentalist preachers ' works still openly displayed and sold there . DVDs preaching that disbelievers are `` evil , wicked , mischievous people ... they do the most evil , filthy things '' ; that men are in charge of women and should control them .
One speaker says of the Jews : `` Their time will come , like every other evil person 's time will come . '' Another speech , this time by Sheikh Khalid Yasin , who learned Arabic in Saudi Arabia , praised the deterrent effect of sharia law : `` Then people can see , people without hands , people can see in public heads rolling down the street , people got [ sic ] their hands and feet from opposite sides chopped off and they see them crucified…they see people put up against the pole and see them get lashed in public they see it , and because they see it , it acts as a deterrent for them because they say I do n't want that to happen to me . ''
Sheikh Yasin responded to me that their comments should be considered in context . They said they did not support or promote Saudi Arabian government policy or religious rhetoric , and said capital punishments were carried out by many states and governments . `` The lecture was aimed at reforming the Muslim people , the Muslim society and the Muslim world ? … ? to be adjudicated by the Sovereign Islamic State '' when one exists .
The company that runs the bookshop , Darussalam International Publications , is a British company with links to Saudi Arabia .
Darussalam International Publications told me that the bookshop sells a wide range of material which they `` do not necessarily agree with '' .
It said : `` We try to represent a variety of ... opinions through the products we sell…in order to spread peace , respect , tolerance and understanding . ''
Dr Al Dubayan reiterated that the bookshop was run by an independent company . `` Despite having no control over the bookshop , we met with those running the bookshop after your programme was broadcast . We made it clear that it was not acceptable for the bookshop to stock materials containing extremist views . We were assured ? … ? all offending material had been removed . ''
Interviewees for the film explained that an ideology like this has spread throughout Britain 's mosques from the Saudi Arabian religious establishment . One leading Muslim figure told me : `` Petrodollar money coming from Saudi Arabia has basically distorted the growth and development of the Muslim community in Britain '' ; while a British imam accuses them of distorting Islam - `` the abuse and misuse of this great faith of mine '' .
I share the imam 's outrage at the way a peaceful monotheistic religion - so close to Christianity and Judaism in its essential beliefs - has been hijacked . To hear a call for the killing of someone because of their or their sexuality or for changing their faith in what is meant to be a place of contemplation is truly shocking .
The imam went on to say : `` The underlying motive here is to find a way of continuously implanting this permanent wedge between the wider British society and the younger Muslims living in Britain . ''
As Professor Anthony Glees , who runs the Centre for Intelligence and Security Studies at Brunel University , explains : `` To think , as I believe our government thinks , that it makes ideological sense to play patsy with the Saudi government is folly of the first order of magnitude . We will be paying for it for years to come . ''
The reporter 's name has been changed . 'Dispatches : Undercover Mosque - The Return ' will be broadcast on Channel 4 at 8pm on Monday
Johannesburg - The government plans to introduce new rules to protect welfare recipients from companies that deduct money from their grants to pay for services ranging from mobile phone airtime to funeral cover .
No payments to brokers selling burial cover will be allowed and the new regulations will mean that companies , including insurers Sanlam and Lion of Africa Lion Life Assurance , can not deduct money from social accounts without written permission from the welfare agency , Minister for Social Development Bathabile Dlamini told reporters in Cape Town on Friday . Other debits for services such as mobile-phone airtime , which are illegal , will be stopped , they said .
Businesses tapping the monthly stipends are “ eroding the whole aim of fighting poverty , because the grants are about fighting poverty , ” Dlamini said . “ We are appalled that the industry does n't see this as a problem . ”
The state pays welfare to about 16.9 million people as part of an attempt to make up for the poverty and inequality created during apartheid , which ended in 1994 . The government last year recorded more than 13 000 disputes between social-grant recipients and companies ranging from loan providers to electricity and water utilities making such deductions . More than three-quarters were resolved in favor of the beneficiaries , Dlamini said .
Hard to implement
The law currently allows deductions from social payouts for a single funeral-insurance policy amounting to a maximum of 10 % of the grant . Sanlam , the biggest South African-based insurer , and Lion of Africa are both trying to maintain the current system through separate court cases being heard this month .
“ The beneficiaries should receive the full value of the grant unencumbered , ” Dlamini said . “ It is very easy to take the money of social-grant beneficiaries without proper consent and controls . ”
Lion of Africa chief executive officer Paul Myeza said their company provided funeral cover worth as much as R18 780 ( $ 1 258 ) for just R30 a month and did n't specifically target welfare grant recipients or sell policies that were paid for from child support grants . Changes to the rules may push up prices and could result in unregistered insurers exploiting the poor , they said .
“ Whether or not they receive a state grant , people are buying funeral policies , ” Myeza said in an e-mailed statement on Friday . “ The question is whether they get that through regulated , legitimate assurance companies or via unregulated providers at the risk of higher premiums and no recourse . The current system , which offers clear protection and benefits , may be impacted adversely . ”
Clarify process
Sanlam had already stopped selling new funeral policies that are paid for using child grants , Jurie Strydom , the deputy CEO of its Sky division , said by phone on Thursday .
In a court case to be heard on May 10 , Sanlam is seeking to clarify how the ongoing process to clean up the industry will be implemented .
The payment of the welfare grants is administered by Cash Paymaster Services , a unit of Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc. Net 1 's other units had supplied bank cards and other services to welfare grant recipients who often did n't understand what they were signing up for , according to Dlamini .
“ We are working with very unscrupulous people who are focused on making profits , ” they said . “ That is why we have to take drastic steps . ”
Net 1 CEO Serge Belamant 's personal assistant said they were not immediately available for comment .
How the Center for Innovation is Shaping the Future of Health Care
Editor 's Note : This article first appeared on the Future of Health Care Blog here .
The delivery of health care in the United States has n't changed much in over 100 years . The model created many years ago and still used today makes people travel to see a doctor on the doctor 's schedule , when appointments can be fit in , rather than having a doctor try to find the best way to care for a person 's need . The future of health care needs to shift to what people need , not what the current system needs . And it should shift to one of paying doctors for the health and well-being of people and patients , instead of the current emphasis on illness care and fee for service that is more costly .
The Center for Innovation at Mayo Clinic has been focused on researching , experimenting , piloting and building out new models of care delivery centered on human needs . We 've been working with patients , care teams and Mayo Clinic physicians , and we 've explored beyond that — in surrounding communities and people 's homes . Patients tell us every day what they expect and what their experience with doctors and hospitals feels like to them . They share their fears and expectations with our team as we do our research , and they help us understand their experience and needs .
We have learned several important lessons that I find largely missing in the national conversation and should be the compass by which health care evolves . First , people fear the high cost of care more than anything else , even when they have insurance . They are confused and overwhelmed with appointment processes , the insurance processes and ever-changing information and broken promises . Most consumers are living on a thin line of financial security , and are frightened and stressed out over all these changes and the new financial expectations put on them .
Also , patients expect us to always be there for them — when they need to come to a care provider and when they need support and advice . What 's becoming critically more important is to be there when they never even knew they needed us — to help promote their wellness and health and help lessen the need for complex hospital care .
These expectations are not unreasonable . In today 's environment , they are technologically available . However , they are simply not activated to their fullest potential largely due to policies and reimbursement models driving the current changes .
These shifts will require a broad spectrum of delivery models . Those range from opening access to medical care by enabling conversation and relationships with other care team members besides physicians , to the introduction of medical homes that support wellness and connectivity with new roles in health care , such as those of wellness navigators and support when away – mobile and at home .
The future of health care needs to find the models that will support the health of all people . Yes , new technologies are needed , but that will never replace the human touch — the conversations and the relationships patients and people everywhere need at some specific time in their care . By delivering such personalized care , we can meet our patients wherever they are and always be there for them . This model of care will give our patients greater peace of mind and prove less costly than the way we take care of people now .
If you 're interested in learning more about the Center for Innovation , I encourage you to attend the annual Transform symposium , Sept. 7-9 , 2014 and watch my video presentation , `` Reframe '' , from last year 's event .
A man who was employed as a camp counselor at Camp Gator in Lake St. Louis and as a lead gym attendant at the St. Peters Rec Plex in 2014 and 2015 was charged Friday with sexual misconduct including a child under 15 , St. Charles County Police said .
Robert Alfred Lall , 26 , was charged Friday after a Department of Homeland Security agent said Lall sent photos and video of their genitals to a Canadian law enforcement officer , who was masquerading as a 13-year-old girl . The messages were sent through an app called Kik between May and August of 2015 .
According to the probable cause statement , the officer — who was going by the name `` Molly '' — told Lall twice that they were 13 . Lall responded by saying `` I just like younger girls I guess Lol I ca n't explain it , '' and said they started talking to them because she 's young .
They then sent the agent a photo of a 13-year-old girl they said they had sex with .
The Department of Homeland Security was made aware of the discussions , and on May 6 , the agent from the Department of Homeland security spoke with Lall at their home on the 2000 block of Plum Leaf Circle in St. Peters .
Lall admitted to using Kik to send girls nude images of himself , and that one of the images that they took was taken in the bathroom of their home . They also told the agent the picture of the other girl was one that they downloaded from the internet and did not even know who they are .
Lall is in custody . Their bond was set at $ 50,000 .
Lake St. Louis city officials say Lall recently resigned before camp started this summer . They also worked at the St. Peters Rec Plex where city officials say they did not work directly with any children . A spokesperson says they were fired when the city learned of the investigation .
Photos : 2016 STL area mug shots
NEW YORK , Jan. 11 ( UPI ) -- The New York Fire Department said more than 40 firefighters responded to an apartment to free a nearly nude man trapped inside a woman 's wall .
The FDNY said a resident of a seven-story apartment building in the Kips Bay area of Manhattan called 911 just after 12 a.m. Tuesday to a report a man shouting for help from inside the wall of their first-floor apartment , near their kitchen vent .
The woman said they heard a loud crash coming from the vent before the man started shouting for help .
`` I freaked ... out for a couple of minutes , and then I went over to the kitchen and I heard someone panting and breathing like they were in obvious pain . They were freaking out , '' the resident , Gjyste Margilaj , 33 , told the New York Daily News . `` I opened the kitchen vent so they could breathe . ''
They said they initially thought they might have been targeted by a prankster .
`` I thought they were playing a joke , '' Margilaj said . `` I could n't comprehend what was happening . It was so bizarre . ''
More than 40 firefighters responded to the home to extract the man from the wall .
`` The shaft was so small the patient 's body took up the entire void so power tools were out of the question . We pretty much exposed it by hand and between the sheet metal and the shaft was wire mesh with sharp edges . We used tin snips and dulled all the edges before we took them out , '' FDNY Battalion Chief Patrick Tansey said in a statement posted to Facebook .
The 30-year-old man , who was dressed only in their underwear , was released after about 45 minutes of effort by firefighters .
The man was found to have recently moved into a fourth-floor apartment in the building . Firefighters said they had been with friends on the roof of the building when they apparently decided to try to reach their apartment through the ventilation system .
Firefighters said they may have ended up on the first floor because they had another destination in mind .
`` He had told the occupant who called us something about a pool in the basement , but I do n't know , '' Tansey told WPIX-TV .
The man did not appear intoxicated and was released after being checked out at a local hospital .
More Christian “ leaders ” are giving us their wisdom as to why the Colorado shootings happened . This time , it 's Fred Jackson , the news director for the American Family Association , speaking with Jerry Newcombe of Truth in Action Ministries ( courtesy of Right Wing Watch , which has audio clips ) .
I 've highlighted all the reasons they offer as to why the shooter committed this crime — the shooter himself ? Guns ? Insanity ? Not on the list .
Jackson : In the community there were community standards that reflected biblical principles , whether people knew it or not , the standard in the community was based on Scripture . In that short period of time , roughly forty years , we have seen such a transformation in values in our communities , whether it 's rural or whether it 's big city . I have to think that all of this , whether it 's the Hollywood movies , whether it 's what we see on the internets [ sic ] , whether it 's liberal bias in the media , whether it 's our politicians changing public policy , I think all of those somehow have fit together—and I have to say also churches who are leaving the authority of Scripture and losing their fear of God—all of those things have seemed to have come together to give us these kinds of incidents . Newcombe : I think that 's so true . It 's as if we said to God , publicly or in the public arena , ‘ get out , You 're not welcome here anymore ' and it 's as if God removed Their protection from our land .
Jackson : I think the sources of this is [ sic ] multifaceted but you can put it all I think under the heading of rebellion to God , a rejection of the God of the Bible . I think along with an education system that has produced our lawyers , our politicians , more teachers , more professors , all of that sort of thing , is our churches , mainline churches . We 've been dealing Teddy and I know the AFA Journal has been dealing with denominations that no longer believe in the God of the Bible , they no longer believe that Jesus is the only way of salvation , they teach that God is OK with homosexuality , this is just increasing more and more . It is humankind shaking its fist at the authority of God . James : And God will not be silent when he 's mocked , and we need to remember that . Jackson : We are seeing their judgment . You know , some people talk about ‘ God 's judgment must be just around the corner , ' we are seeing it .
Later in the program , Jackson andof AFA Journal continued the list because they had n't covered everything :
Do n't be so quick to dismiss these men as not representative of the Christian population at large . The AFA has a $ 20,000,000 budget and nearly 200 employees . They would n't be this powerful if Christians did n't give them money .
Oh . And Matt Barber of Liberty Counsel says the shootings are no different that what you would see at Planned Parenthood :
Let me be clear : Am I comparing this incredibly wicked , illegal mass murder at Aurora 's Century Theatre to the incredibly wicked , legal mass murder committed at Planned Parenthoods across the country each day ? Absolutely — and you can quote me on it .
Done and done .
I 've come to a couple of conclusions since we last communicated . After the first day of the NCAA Tournament , there is n't enough available chlorine to disinfect my pool , and Carmelo Anthony is rapidly developing into this decade 's Stephon Marbury . . . as in making their former team better .
Bad enough since Melo 's change of venue Denver is styling at 9-2 and New York had flattened out to 6-6 going before last night 's 120-99 walkthrough against Memphis . What 's worse , the Knicks ' atmosphere has lost its aroma , whereas the Nuggets are now enjoying the sweet smell of success . By all means , do n't rush to judgment , but one needs to research no further than the latest pulled quotes for some telling testimony . If the court pleases , I shall enter these exhibits into evidence :
After George Karl 's troops tattooed the Hawks in their own coop Wednesday night ( eight players took 6-12 shots and scored 9-20 points , thanks to 26 assists on 39 field goals ) , Kenyon Martin had this to say :
“ It 's fun to play basketball the right way . It always has been , always will be . When everybody 's out there sharing the ball , everybody 's involved , it just makes everyone want to play that much harder on the defensive end . ”
Even the opposition praised the Nuggets ' passing of ammunition .
“ They really spread [ the other team ] out , ” Al Horford said . “ They have six or seven weapons [ minus Danilo Gallinari , who notched 30 points before breaking their big toe and missing the next eight games ; due back tonight against Orlando ] . . . We play like that at times . Other times , we do n't . We 'd be a better team if we played like them . ”
As for the Knicks , they , make that Melo , could n't have handled the ignominy of Indiana 's home-and-home hijacking less professionally .
Immediately following Jared Jeffries ' futile lob to Landry Fields for the tie ( 0.3 seconds ) , the camera caught Melo scolding their teammate for not finding them open beyond the arc .
Clearly , Jeffries should know better than to think they have to abide by their coach 's diagrammed scheme .
Surely he 's been around long enough to know that breaking plays is cool .
Was n't Jeffries paying attention when Deron Williams blew off Jerry Sloan 's floor plan ? That turned out OK , did n't it ?
Melo knows best ; what part of that does n't Mike D'Antoni understand ?
Surely , James Dolan 's revised “ Megastar Handbook ” covered that and left no ambiguities .
Is n't Jeffries supposed to be a textbook role player ? How could they have looked off Melo ?
Maybe Renaldo Balkman should have inbounded .
Maybe it 's time for Isiah Thomas to talk to Jerome James , brother-to-brother , and convince them to re-sign with the center-less Knicks .
OK , maybe that 's not a good idea , but Thomas assuredly would 've gotten Melo the ball in plenty of time for a game-winning offshore 3 . . . just as they did a few years ago when they devised a brilliant buzzer-beating victory tip for David Lee with one-tenth of a second left .
Clair Bee sat up in their grave on that one and gave Thomas a sitting ovation .
Do n't mistakenly doubt Thomas ' Immaculate Conception in this instance . It 's not like it ca n't be done within league rules or has n't been done . Column contributor John Siciliano advises us to go to YouTube and check out J.J. Redick 's jumper ( 1-12-2010 ; Kings-Magic ) on an inbounds play with three-tenths of a second to go .
The sole snag is , Melo is not Redick or Eddie House or Ray Allen or Derek Fisher . Their offensive specialty is not catch-and-shoot and he 's not that quick on the draw . . . unless they redirect the pass with their nose .
However , give Melo three or four dribbles and a couple pirouettes to get comfortable , and they can drill it from any precinct .
While on the subject of Melo , before Dolan secured their excuse to gouge ticket buyers ( that 's what an owner of a stable NBA franchise does ) , the Knicks were bloody awful defensively . With their help , as it were , the team has become second only to Minny Ha-Ha ( 106.06 ) in surrendering ( 105.96 ) points .
To Melo 's credit , they neither forgives those who trespass against them nor pardons the one responsible for wiring , in a manner of speaking , the team 's security system .
After the Knicks ' second pratfall , Melo called out D'Antoni for failing to fine tune , sort of , the thinking behind covering Tyler Hansbrough . Sunday they went for a career high 29 points . Two days later , they topped it by one . “ I do n't think we made adjustments to them at the top of the key , especially after the game they had in the Garden . I 'd think we 'd have made adjustments after that , ” Melo zapped .
At least that 's what Melo was purported to have said . I figure they must 've been misquoted because , in their next spew , they reasoned the Knicks need to simplify their defense . That sounds a lot closer to the truth , although I 'm not sure how much simpler Knicks ' resistance could get given its next-to-nothingness every other game at minimum . Other than hiring Tom Thibodeau or suiting up Bill Russell , Dennis Rodman and Joe Caldwell , there 's only one guaranteed way to make Melo and their teammates regularly bend their backs and that 's play “ winners ' out . ”
In the meantime , is n't all this sniping coming from a guy who said , upon arrival in New York , they would do whatever to win a championship ?
Well , Melo could start by being more guarded , you might say , about what they say about teammates and their coach . Afterthought : What 's great about the NCAA 's and its ( Manson ) family of nitworks . . . they take Charles Barkley and Kenny Smith away from the environs where they ought to have a clue but do n't and put them into one where they admittedly are oblivious .
peter.vecsey @ nypost.com
Black Ice Minor Patch 0.7.005
Changes
Updated to Unity 5.1
Frozen enemies can no longer be knocked back ( but those stunned by EMP can still )
The Levelup indicator now takes Perk Points into account
Added a perk point at level 30 ( characters at or above level 30 will automatically be granted an extra point )
Added four new perks !
Huebris - Your colorizing effects now convert enemies to your side
Two Bad - Your GITSfish minions are now doubly effective ( +100 % HP and damage )
AIM-RAID - Your Aimbot minions now use your primary ( left click / right trigger ) projectile . This only works on modular projectiles ( anything that can be in a Machinegun , Sniper , or Shotgun )
Neural Feedback - Your Damage Returned stat is increased to 500 %
Known issues : Unfortunately , the framerate bug is still happening . I 'm working VERY hard to try to fix it , though !
In September , 2014 , Governor Jerry Brown signed Senate Bill 967 in to law , requiring colleges in California to adopt certain policies dealing with campus sexual assault in order to maintain their eligibility for state funding . One of the most controversial requirements of the bill was a mandate that campuses adopt a policy of “ affirmative consent ” for sexual activity .
According to the law ,
“ Affirmative consent ” means affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity . It is the responsibility of each person involved in the sexual activity to ensure that they or they have the affirmative consent of the other or others to engage in the sexual activity . Lack of protest or resistance does not mean consent , nor does silence mean consent . Affirmative consent must be ongoing throughout a sexual activity and can be revoked at any time . The existence of a dating relationship between the persons involved , or the fact of past sexual relations between them , should never by itself be assumed to be an indicator of consent .
Some commentators , such as Reason 's Cathy Young and George Mason law professor David Bernstein , have criticized the law 's requirements as overly demanding , and a symptom of “ moral panic ” over campus hookup culture .
But there 's certainly nothing objectionable in the idea that consent ought to be consensual . And there are good reasons for thinking that a policy of “ affirmative consent ” is an improvement over previous understandings of what genuine consent requires .
Consider the old slogan of those opposed to sexual assault : “ no means no. ” So far as it goes , this is a true and important principle of sexual morality . If a woman says “ no ” to a proposed sexual encounter , then that should be taken as a denial of consent , not as a challenge to the man to ramp up their seductive “ game. ” If a man continues to kiss , undress , or touch a woman who has said “ no , ” they are morally guilty of sexual assault , whether or not they have used physical violence to subdue her , and whether or not they have used physical force to resist him .
But even if “ no means no , ” this clearly does not entail that the absence of a “ no ” means “ yes. ” To see this , consider the following cases :
Intoxicated : After consuming a significant amount of alcohol in A 's presence , B passes out on the couch . A then undresses B and has sexual intercourse with them Afraid : A and B meet in a bar and go back to A 's apartment . B rebuffs A 's advances . A smiles at B and says , “ Look , you 're alone with someone you do n't know , who 's much bigger and stronger , and , for all you know , has beaten and raped several women . Maybe I 'm not as nice as I seem. ” B is very frightened by A 's remarks and does not resist A 's advances . * Incapable : B is a 19 year-old woman suffering from a severe intellectual disability , with an IQ of 59 . A is aware of B 's condition , and begins to play a “ touching game ” with B , involving mutual undressing and touching of genital areas . B engages in this activity without protest .
In none of these three cases does B say “ no. ” But neither does B give valid consent . In Intoxicated , B is completely unconscious and unaware of what A is doing . In Afraid , B has a reasonable fear that A will use physical violence against them if they do not go along with their demands , and in Incapable , B lacks the mental capacity to give valid consent to sexual relations in just the same way that a child does . In all three cases , then , A engages in sexual activity without B 's valid consent , and is morally ( and probably legally ) guilty of sexual assault .
It was consideration of cases like this that led many reformers to conclude that “ no means no ” was inadequate – not wrong , exactly , but not the whole truth , either . Consensual sex requires more than just the absence of a “ no. ” So , rather than a policy based on “ no means no , ” these reformers thought , we need a policy of “ yes means . ”
But this is where things started to go wrong . For some people drew the conclusion that the problem with cases like Intoxicated – an all-too common occurrence on college campuses – was that B never gave explicit consent . Thus , the Office of Violence Against Women , a subsidiary of the US Department of Justice , writes on its website that “ [ s ] exual assault is any type of sexual contact or behavior that occurs without the explicit consent of the recipient ” ( emphasis added ) . And some reputable organizations and individuals have interpreted California and New York 's affirmative consent policies as enacting a similar requirement .
But if “ affirmative consent ” policies are interpreted as requiring explicit consent , and indeed as requiring that such consent be “ ongoing throughout a sexual activity , ” then those laws really would be , as some critics have charged , indefensible . Should a couple who has been dating for two years and who have had sexual intercourse hundreds of times really be required to obtain explicit verbal consent before each and every sexual encounter ? Should they be required – like students were under the justly ridiculed Antioch college policy – to obtain a new statement of consent for “ each new level of sexual activity , ” with the stipulation that “ body movements and non-verbal responses such as moans are not consent ” ?
The answer to both questions is obviously “ no. ” Genuine consent is vitally important , and there really is a serious problem of sexual assault on college campuses , mostly stemming from the prevalent use and abuse of alcohol . But we can admit that consent is crucial without concluding that consent has to be explicit .
Properly understood , “ affirmative consent ” means that a person has engaged in some form of outward behavior that would lead a reasonable person to conclude that they are an active and voluntary participant in sexual activity . That behavior could take the form of saying the words “ Yes , I would like you to have sex with me. ” But that 's obviously not the only form it could take . Valid consent can be implicit as well .
What counts a valid token of implicit consent will vary from context to context . Still , it is reasonable to suppose that in most circumstances , B 's pulling A into bed and undressing them would count , as would B 's smiling , moaning , and kissing A in response to A 's undressing and caressing them A lot will depend on the history between A and B ( although California law is certainly correct to state that a prior history of sexual activity is not sufficient to constitute consent ) , their reasonable expectations , and the particular nonverbal cues they use to communicate . But even if it can be hard for an outsider to correctly interpret such subtleties , surely no one with any experience of intimacy would doubt that this kind of nonverbal communication and consent is not only real , but totally commonplace .
Thankfully , as Slate 's Amanda Hess noted , nothing in California 's law can reasonably be read as requiring explicit consent . Indeed , in the process of crafting the law , legislators actually deleted from the bill language that warned that “ relying solely on nonverbal communication can lead to misunderstanding , ” indicating that they wanted to allow room for ordinary , implicit consent .
Anyone concerned with the rights , dignity , and physical and emotional well-being of college students should regard policies that insist upon the consensual nature of sexual activity as vitally important . And while laws like California 's that require “ affirmative consent ” can – and have – been misinterpreted in ways that undermine rather than promote individual autonomy , both the philosophical foundation and the text of those laws are sound .
* I borrow this example from Alan Wertheimer 's excellent book , Consent to Sexual Relations , and highly recommend that work to anyone interested in diving deeper into the legal and philosophical issues surrounding this fascinating and important topic .
Editor 's Note : Thanks to Akhilesh Gannavarapu and our friends at SportsKeeda.com for providing us with their interview with UFC Welterweight Champion , Johny Hendricks .
Before Johny Hendricks and Robbie Lawler throw punches in a much anticipated rematch inside the Octagon this Saturday , I had the pleasure of interviewing the UFC Welterweight Champion . Here 's a transcript of our interview .
Akhilesh Gannavarapu : Johny , starting off , I would like to check with you about your health going into this title fight with Lawler . How was the surgery ( tricep/elbow ) and how does your arm feel now ?
Johny Hendricks : The surgery went well , very well actually , and I feel great right now . The training camp was good – rough , but good . I ca n't complain about it at all . It was a hard , rough camp , which is what I needed . The bicep is performing better than I could ask for . So that 's going to be at the back of my mind , which is nice .
AG : You are a power puncher and have some of the best one punch KOs with your left sledgehammer of a hand . How did it feel when you got back to hitting the mitts after your surgery ?
JH : It felt good . Once I started re – hitting ; this camp we did a lot of focus on mitt work , which I think has really helped me out because I was able to do that . I was able to focus a lot of time on that , which is important as maybe my timing was off and this kind of things , but this fight , we focused a lot on that , which I think is going to help me tremendously whenever I fight Lawler .
AG : Going back to your college wrestling days , you were a successful division one national champion . How did you journey into a career into MMA and not pursue amateur wrestling , all the way to the Olympics ?
JH : That 's a great question . I knew that I wanted to compete , but I did n't know if I still wanted to do wrestling . I prayed and prayed about it , and my management group now which is Team Takedown – they sort of contacted me and said , “ Hey , would you like to be a fighter ? ” , and that 's sort of how it kicked off . I 'm thankful for the time when the good lord led me this way .
AG : Daniel Cormier and Chael Sonnen were some who were very effusive about how much of a prospect you were for the Olympics . Who were some of your favorite fighters to follow during your formative years in the sport of MMA ?
JH : In MMA , there were so many that I ca n't really talk about it . We used to love watching Randy Couture , Chuck Liddell ; Matt Hughes was a great one to be watching ; pretty much any wrestler that was coming through . Because as I said , it was n't about these guys doing this and that , but it was about supporting the wrestlers .
AG : The last time you and Lawler met in the cage , it was a fight for the ages and both of you left everything in the octagon . What did you think of that fight and how big of a risk was it going into that fight with a torn tricep and what prompted you to do that ?
JH : What made me do that was the fact that it was my chance to have a fight back to back ( for the title ) ; you lose your first one – close decision against George St. Pierre , they give you a title shot in your hometown in Dallas , and ten days out , you ca n't really back out . It does n't make sense , there 's too much on the table . That goes back to wrestling ; you 're sitting there and you just go , “ Alright hey , it is what it is . You may not be at your best , but you 're going to try and do everything you can to put on a good show , and get a win . ”
AG : We know you have respect for Lawler 's ability and are looking forward to this fight on Saturday . We had a chance to talk to Robbie last week and they were very confident about their chances , given their way back into title contention after your last fight . What do you think of your game plan for this fight , after being sidelined for so long ?
JH : I think it 's probably better . I was able to refocus , I was able to heal my body up the way it needed to . Of course they think they have a good chance , I mean if they do n't , why are they fighting ? I just know that I had to fight their game the last time , and I was still able to win . Do n't get me wrong , it was rough , but I still fought them at their best . They have yet to see me at my best . What is that , one arm missing ? What is that – 75 percent ? So this fight could be totally different . They can have all the confidence in the world , but when we get in there and I 'm able to hit them with my right hand , able to set up different shots . If you rewatch the last fight , they had to do so much because my left hand was pretty much the only punch I could throw . A lot of counters came off that left hand , which is great because if they do that this time , I 'll be able to get them with my right hand .
AG : The welterweight division is one of the most competitive ones in the UFC right now with contenders such as Rory , Woodley , Lombard and even Diaz waiting in the wings . What are your thoughts about the division and its future from a champion 's perspective ?
JH : Super excited . It is what you just said . It 's going to be an exciting weight division . There are a lot of talented guys that are scratching up a bit to get a shot at me and hopefully take it ( the title ) away from me , and that 's what gets me up every day too . The fact that the competition ; they do want to take that away . And that 's what gives me the desire to do better .
AG : Your bout with Georges St. Pierre was a terrific one , with somewhat of a controversial finish . Given the constant talk of their return , what do you think of an immediate rematch for the title with the former long standing champion ?
JH : We might . I 'm never going to count it out . If they come back , they come back . If they do n't , then they do n't . Here 's the difference between me and other people – I ca n't control that right now . So I 'm not going to worry about it . I got to get through Robbie Lawler ; do n't get me wrong . I understand what I have to do and what I have to say , but I look at it as that . I 'm just going to say it , but I 'm not going to put any thought into it , because who 's to say that they do come back ? I can sit here and worry about GSP every day for the next 3 years , and they could just be saying the same thing .
What I know that I have to do , is that I have to make sure that I get out there , and I beat Robbie , and that 's the only thing that matters to me right now .
AG : Another guy who has been singing your name all the time is Ben Askren , the welterweight champ of ONE FC , who claims to have some unfinished business from your days of wrestling together in college . Do you want to throw some light on that situation for the fans here ?
JH : No .
We have seen knockout punches and top notch wrestling from you in your career so far . Have you had time to practice your kicking techniques since getting back in the gym post your surgery ?
JH : Yes , we work a lot on kicks and knees . All that stuff , to be at the top , to be able to fight these guys is I have to constantly evolve . Everybody knows I have a left hand . They do n't know if I have a right hand . After that Lawler fight , everybody sort of saw my kickboxing skills . It 's about adapting and overcoming . When you know certain things are hindering you , how do you overcome that ? And that 's what I think was my best attribute that last fight was a way to overcome adversity .
AG : Could we see a head kick knockout coming our way ?
JH : ( Laughs ) I wish . I 'm never counting it out for sure .
AG : You are main eventing the most stacked card this year , with the co – main being the title fight for the lightweight championship . What are your thoughts on the participants involved in that duel and do you have a pick ?
JH : They 're both very talented fighters ; I do think that Pettis is going to win . I think Melendez has a lot of stuff to offer to Pettis . I just think that the striking of Pettis is going to hinder them a little bit . It 's going to stop them in their tracks , and that 's who I 'm going with – Pettis .
In closing , any last words for your fans in India who would be cheering for ‘ Big Rigg ' this weekend , who will be cheering for you to retain the title ?
JH : Yes , first off and foremost is thanked you for your support . Any time I can get a fan anywhere , I 'm super excited . I 'm very grateful , that 's the best way I can say it . It 's something that I know comes and goes , but the fans I have , I want to make sure I give them thanks for everything they do and support that they show me . And that it means a lot to me .
You can also follow ‘ Big Rigg ' on Twitter here , and make sure to catch what will surely be yet another fantastic fight as Hendricks takes on Lawler for the second time this year .
Thank you for reading . Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @ KayfabeDiaries . Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @ LastWordOnSport – and “ liking ” our Facebook page .
For the latest in sports injury news , check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert .
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio ? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC , laptop , tablet or smartphone . What are you waiting for ?
SUNDAY , MARCH 1
[ EDITOR 'S NOTE 1 : Audio descriptions ( AD ) for tonight 's episodes of BOB 'S BURGERS , THE SIMPSONS , BROOKLYN NINE-NINE and THE LAST MAN ON EARTH are available on the SAP Audio Channel . ]
[ EDITOR 'S NOTE 2 : FAMILY GUY is preempted tonight . ]
* * TIME PERIOD PREMIERE * * -- '' BOB 'S BURGERS '' - ( 7:30-8:00 PM ET/PT ) CC-AD-HDTV 720p-Dolby Digital 5.1
AUNT GAYLE COMES TO TOWN AND THINGS GET COMPETITIVE ON AN ALL-NEW `` BOB 'S BURGER 'S '' SUNDAY , MARCH 1 , ON FOX
Linda 's sister , Gayle ( guest voice Megan Mullally ) , arrives at Bob 's Burgers in tears because their date for the evening was cancelled and they had theater tickets ! ! ! Desperate to get out of the house after being grounded , the kids compete to be Aunt Gayle 's `` date '' for the evening via an essay contest in the all-new `` The Gayle Tales '' episode of BOB 'S BURGERS airing Sunday , March 1 ( 7:30-8:00 PM ET/PT ) on FOX . ( BOB-501 ) ( TV-PG D , L , V )
Voice Cast : H. Jon Benjamin as Bob ; Dan Mintz as Tina ; Eugene Mirman as Gene ; Larry Murphy as Uncle Teddy ; John Roberts as Linda ; Kristen Schaal as Louise
Guest Voice Cast : Megan Mullally as Aunt Gayle
[ 155 Pages Report ] The downhole tools market is estimated to be USD 3.53 Billion in 2014 and is projected to grow with a CAGR of 4.9 % from 2014 to 2019 . Downhole tools play an important role in oil & gas exploration and production activities with applications in a variety of operations such as fishing , casing , cementing , well bottom communication , drilling , logging , fracturing , and well measurements .
Market growth for downhole tools has been strongly impacted by the oil price decline . E & P capital expenditures in 2015 have witnessed more than 20 % investment dip in comparison to 2014 . This is further expected to decline in 2016 by another 5 to 10 % . However , from the end of 2017 and after , oil price is anticipated to stabilize and start climbing to reach at least $ 80 a barrel by 2018 rejuvenating the overall market growth .
Research Methodology
This research study involves extensive usage of secondary sources , directories , and databases ( such as Hoovers , Bloomberg , Businessweek , Factiva , and OneSource ) to identify and collect information useful for this technical , market-oriented , and commercial aspects of downhole tools . The below explain the research methodology .
Ongoing exploration and production activities in various regions is studied
Exploration and production spending historical trend and current years� spending is studied
Major regions were identified along with countries contributing the maximum share to drilling
Key market players were identified ; revenues and industry trends along with top-down approach were used to estimate market value .
Oil price decline across regions and key countries is analysed and impact on downhole tools market is analyzed
Overall market size is determined by forecasting techniques based on number of investments , developments of downhole tools , expected product launch and demand of downhole tools for different applications .
After arriving at the overall market size the total market has been split into several segments . The figure below shows the break-down of the primaries on the basis of company designation , and region , conducted during the research study .
Study answers several questions for the stakeholders which include downhole tool manufacturers , oil & gas field operators , consulting firms in oil & gas sector , offshore production and exploration associations and other stakeholders . It gives them information about market segments to focus in next two to five years for prioritizing the efforts and investments .
Scope of the Report :
The global downhole tools market has been analyzed in terms of revenue ( $ million ) for the aforesaid applications , types , and by regions .
By Region
Asia-Pacific
Europe
North America
South & Central America
Middle East
By Application
Well Drilling
Well Completion
Well Intervention
Formation & Evaluation
Oil & Gas Production
By Type
Flow & Pressure Control Tools
Impurity Control Tools
Drilling Tools
Downhole Control Tools
Handling Tools
Available Customization
With the market data provided above , MarketsandMarkets offers customizations as per the company�s specific needs . The following customization options are available for the report :
Detailed analysis and profiling of additional market players ( Up to 5 )
The global downhole tools market is estimated to reach $ 4.49 Billion by 2019 , at a CAGR of 4.9 % , signifying a high demand for these tools for well intervention purposes .
Downhole tools play an important role in oil & gas exploration and production activities . Downhole tools are employed for workover and completion activities of a well in the Bottom Hole Assembly ( BHA ) . Downhole tools are selected based on the formation characteristics of the reservoir and the rate of penetration to be achieved . These tools find application in a variety of operations , such as fishing , casing , cementing , well bottom communication , drilling , logging , fracturing , and well measurements . The rising demand for advanced tools that function optimally in high pressure and temperature conditions has also been a driver of this market .
Discovery of shale gas reserves and ultra-deep drilling activities : Driver of downhole tools market .
North America dominated the global market with a share of 42 % in 2013 . However , Africa is expected to grow at a faster rate with the highest CAGR of 8.2 % during the forecast period . This is mainly because of new hydrocarbons discoveries in Africa . Well intervention forms the major application of downhole tools and accounts for a market share of 29 % .
Downhole Tools Market Share ( Value ) , by Region , 2014
Source : MarketsandMarkets Analysis
The top players in the downhole tools market include National Oilwell Varco , Inc. ( U.S. ) , Logan Oil Tools Inc. ( U.S. ) , Halliburton ( U.S. ) , Baker Hughes ( U.S. ) , Schoeller Bleckmann Oilfield Equipment AG ( Austria ) , and Schlumberger ( U.S. ) .
New Product development : Key Strategy
Most of these companies mainly rely on growth strategies such as new product launch , joint ventures & contracts , mergers & acquisitions , and investments & expansions in diversified geographic areas . The risk of failure involved in the industry is high due to new and innovative technologies being introduced in the market . Hence , to enhance market penetration and share the expenditure along with risks , the companies have opted to develop new products .
The major downhole tools include flow and pressure control , impurity control , drilling , downhole control systems , and handling tools . Drilling downhole tools held the largest market share , in terms of value , in 2014 .
Intel roadmaps for 15-watt chips appropriate for MacBook Air
Intel roadmaps for 28-watt chips appropriate for 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro
Sometime within the last year there was a cookie competition on the Food Network . The final challenge was to incorporate a savory component into a cookie , and one of the selections was Sriracha . The woman competing was already going to make a peanut butter sandwich cookie , but since they had to add a savory component they added what seemed like an obscene amount of Sriracha to their peanut butter sandwich cookies . The end result ? The judges went wild over it ! I have n't been able to find a recipe for them , until now .
What is Sriracha
It 's a sauce/condiment made of paste of chili peppers , salt , sugar , vinegar and garlic . Also sometimes known as rooster sauce , since there 's a big rooster on the bottle . Sriracha is commonly found in asian restaurants but do n't be surprised if you see it in the aisle of your favorite grocery story next to the asian goods or even ketchup ! It 's used as frequently as ketchup in our house .
Peanut Butter Cookie Remix
My first step in creating these treats was to first find a peanut butter cookie recipe I liked . I read through quite a few , even looked at friend Fotocuisine 's ( 100 yield cookie recipes ! ) until I found a recipe I wanted to try . For never making peanut butter cookies before , I was pretty particular about how I wanted them to be ! I like the edges just a tad crispy , but the middle to be chewy . I selected a recipe from Allrecipes ( original recipe ) that seemed to fit my criteria and got to remixing !
As I read through the recipe reviews there were some immediate tweaks to the recipe I wanted to try , for example more peanut butter , add some vanilla and increase the flour amount . Since I wanted to add sriracha to the mix I was n't sure how much I should start with . I grabbed a teaspoon , then a tablespoon and just decided to start with 1/4 cup measuring cup .
My intent was to taste the batter before I added the eggs and remaining dry ingredients . So after creaming the butter , sugar and peanut butter together I fearlessly added the sriracha and could already smell the heat . I took a taste and could definitely feel it in my mouth , but it was n't painful so I let my husband try since their tolerance is a lot higher than mine . They were shocked at how spicy it was . So I proceeded to finish the recipe , tasted the dough and heat was perfect . Off to chill the dough for an hour . Cue….Waiting is the hardest part… .
I pulled the dough out of the fridge and after I removed the saran wrap my nose was filled with the scent of the sriracha . Still I was a bit worried they 'd either be too spicy or not spicy enough , but the only way to tell would be to cook them .
Testing the Spicy Perfection
Initially you do n't taste the sriracha , but then this wonderful gentle heat envelopes your tongue and you get the hit of peanut butter too . Then it goes away after a few minutes . We gave these to the kids to try and our 4 year old seemed to enjoy them , while our 2 year old spit it back out immediately .
My friend @ SimplyKellyD – Simply Kelly Designs ( digital scrapbooker ) lives less than five minutes away , and since I 've been talking about trying these cookies for forever , I set aside a dozen and they came over to pick them up for testing ! Here 's what they DM'ed me on Twitter when I asked if they shared : “ your cookies are a * hot * ( pun intended ) topic… I could n't help myself ! ” They shared these cookies with their daughter who liked them , then immediately RAN for the water !
I wanted to see if I could tone down the heat and maybe add some extra flavor . So we tried the cookies with a bit of Nutella on them and they were equally excellent , so maybe if you 're looking to cut the heat try adding some mini-chocolate chips to the batter . Marshmallow fluff in the middle ? The ideas are endless !
So spice up your holiday cookie exchanges with these cookies . Ca n't wait to hear what everyone thinks ! ! Enjoy ! ! !
Added Note : These cookies ARE spicy/hot whatever you want to call it . My heat tolerance peaks at just around the ‘ hot ' level of salsa , wing sauces , taco sauces etc . Sometimes hot is too hot for me , but for me these cookies warm the tongue for a few minutes and goes away . No tears , just a warm tongue .
Protip : Use an Oxo Medium Cookie Scoop ( size 40 / 1 1/2 tbs to make these cookies a breeze ! Affiliate link )
Peanut Butter Sriracha Cookies Print Prep time 1 hour 15 mins Cook time 8 mins Total time 1 hour 23 mins Sweet and spicy meet when Sriracha is added to Peanut Butter cookies . Must have additions include chocolate chips , or top with a Chocolate Hershey 's Kiss like a Peanut Butter Blossom . Author : thesugarpixie Recipe type : cookies , baking Serves : 5 dozen Ingredients 1 cup Unsalted Butter ( softened )
1½ cups Crunchy Peanut Butter ( or Sunbutter if allergic to peanuts )
1 cup Sugar
1 cup Brown Sugar ( packed )
¼ c Sriracha
2 Eggs
1 tsp Vanilla extract
2¾ to 3 cups All-Purpose Flour ( finished dough should be soft , but not sticky )
1 teaspoon Baking Powder
½ teaspoon Salt
1½ teaspoons baking soda
Granulated sugar for dipping dough balls into .
Optional : 1-2 cups Chocolate Chips to add to dough . OR Add a Hershey 's Chocolate Kiss on top as done for Peanut Butter Blossoms . Does n't change baking time . Instructions Cream together butter , peanut butter and sugars . Slowly add in sriracha , eggs and vanilla . Beat until combined . In another bowl mix together flour , baking powder , baking soda and salt . Gently mix flour into peanut butter mixture until well combined . Place batter into refrigerator for 1 hour to chill . Pre-heat oven to 375 degrees . Roll dough into approx 1 '' sized balls or use a Medium sized cookie scoop/Size 40 - 1½tbs portion . Dip the top of dough ball into granulated sugar and place onto cookie sheet . Flatten each ball with a fork , making a criss-cross pattern . Bake for 8-10 minutes or just until the cookies begin to brown . Do NOT over-bake ! Cool on wire racks and enjoy ! 3.2.1215
Save
Save
Save
https : //www.thesugarpixie.net/2010/11/28/peanut-butter-sriracha-cookies/ https : //i2.wp.com/www.thesugarpixie.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/pb_sriracha_cookies.jpg ? fit=500 % 2C332 & ssl=1 https : //i2.wp.com/www.thesugarpixie.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/pb_sriracha_cookies.jpg ? resize=150 % 2C150 & ssl=1 cookies Recipes cookies , peanut butter , sriracha , sunbutter Sometime within the last year there was a cookie competition on the Food Network . The final challenge was to incorporate a savory component into a cookie , and one of the selections was Sriracha . The woman competing was already going to make a peanut butter sandwich cookie , but since she ... thesugarpixie thesugarpixie @ gmail.com Administrator The Sugar Pixie
Your dog can recognize you from a photo : pets can pick out familiar faces ( but prefer looking at other canines )
Dogs can recognise faces they know from photographs , according to study
The skill was previously thought to be exclusive to humans and primates
Eye tracking tech followed dogs ' gaze at strangers and familiar people
They looked at owners and other well-known faces for longer
Dogs may possess the ability to recognise facial features from photographs - a skill previously thought to be exclusive to humans and some primates .
A study by researchers at the University of Helsinki in Finland used eye movement tracking to see if they look at familiar and strange faces differently .
Their eye movements were measured while they watched images of familiar humans faces and dogs being displayed on the computer screen , as well images from dogs and humans that the canines had never met .
Man 's best friend : Dogs can tell the difference between familiar and unfamiliar faces from photos , previously thought to be a trait of humans alone
A dog looks at a human face during the study , undertaken by academics at the University of Helsinki
'Dogs were trained to lie still during the image presentation and to perform the task independently .
'Dogs seemed to experience the task rewarding , because they were very eager to participate , ' Professor Vainio told Science Daily .
While it is well known that eye contact is an important part of communication between dogs and humans , no studies have probed dog 's ability to recognise faces using eye movement tracking .
EYE-TRACKING TECHNOLOGY Tracking sensors are fitted just above the wearer 's eyes and track where the wearer looks , how long they look at an item , and even how much their pupils dilate . To date , eye tracking systems have mostly been limited to research endeavours because of the intrusiveness , high cost , and reliability of the systems . There are reports eye-tracking will be used more often in consumer technologies in the future , such as in Google Glass , however .
The team found that dogs fixed their gaze more often on familiar faces and eyes rather than strange ones , indicating that dogs were able to perceive faces in the images .
These results indicate that dogs might have facial recognition skills , similar to humans .
The researcher also found dogs looked at images of dogs longer than images of humans , regardless of the familiarity of the faces in the images .
Furthermore , some parts of the images was presented in inverted forms , for example upside-down , as it is known that the human brain processes upside-down images in a different way than upright facial images .
Dogs viewed upright faces just as long as inverted faces , but they gazed more at the eye area of upright faces - just like us .
Two Adelie penguins on a block of melting ice at Cape Denison , Commonwealth Bay , in East Antarctica . Thomson Reuters An Argentine research base near the northern tip of the Antarctic peninsula has set a heat record at a balmy 63.5° Fahrenheit ( 17.5 degrees Celsius ) , the U.N. weather agency said on Wednesday .
The Experanza base set the high on March 24 , 2015 , the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) said after reviewing data around Antarctica to set benchmarks to help track future global warming and natural variations .
`` Verification of maximum and minimum temperatures help us to build up a picture of the weather and climate in one of Earth 's final frontiers , '' said Michael Sparrow , a polar expert with the WMO co-sponsored World Climate Research Programme .
Antarctica locks up 90 percent of the world 's fresh water as ice and would raise sea levels by about 60 meters ( 200 ft ) if it were all to melt , meaning scientists are concerned to know even about extremes around the fringes .
The heat record for the broader Antarctic region , defined as anywhere south of 60 degrees latitude , was 19.8°C ( 67.6°F ) on Jan. 30 , 1982 on Signy Island in the South Atlantic , it said .
And the warmest temperature recorded on the Antarctic plateau , above 2,500 meters ( 8,202 feet ) , was -7.0°C ( 19.4°F ) on Dec. 28 , 1980 , it said .
Wednesday 's WMO report only examined the highs .
The lowest temperature set anywhere on the planet was a numbing -89.2°C ( -128.6°F ) at the Soviet Union 's Vostok station in central Antarctica on July 21 , 1983 .
Reporting by Alister Doyle ; Editing by Louise Ireland .
Oh , yeah , today 's GEM Debate is right up my alley !
This morning I found this interesting piece on The Huffington Post titled Why Forgiveness is Overrated . The author is a divorced woman whose husband left them for another woman . In the piece they question the long held concept that forgiveness is always the best policy .
I can certainly identify… When I was fired from my job on the CBS morning show , it came exactly 30 days from my scheduled , preventive double mastectomy . I was given the proverbial “ We 're going in another direction ” explanation and that was cool . But it did n't change the fact that I had told them a few months in advance that I was having what would be a life-altering surgery . Being fired added more stress to an already stressful time . Add to that , my agent of 15 years stopped returning my calls and rebuffed my efforts to reach out .
I know what we SHOULD do ; I know what I teach my children and what I was taught myself . I know what Christians believe and agree with the famous saying that ‘ holding a grudge is like drinking poison and expecting your enemy to die ' .
But I also know me . I 'm going to be a big person here and say , it takes some time for me to forgive . A long , long time . I have to process the hurt before I can really let it go and to be honest , I 'm not sure if I am ever really free of it all .
There . I told you my truth . But what do you think ?
Look deep inside yourself before you answer today 's GEM debate question and tell us – do you think forgiveness is REALLY necessary ?
I 'd love to know who betrayed your trust – and how you dealt with the pain and anger…
Okay , have at it !
In other words , people have an innate need to be needed . So the more you can convey to your child that they are making a unique contribution to the family , from an early age , the greater their sense of self-worth and their ultimate happiness . Kids as young as 3 can play meaningful family roles , Murray says , whether it 's refilling the cat 's dry-food bowl or setting out the napkins at dinnertime . If possible , assign a role that plays to your child 's strengths . For example , if your little one loves to organize things , give them the job of sorting the forks and spoons . If he 's particularly nurturing , perhaps their role could be entertaining their baby sister while you get dinner on the table . So long as you acknowledge that he 's making a contribution to the family , it will heighten your child 's sense of connection and confidence , two prerequisites for lasting happiness .
× Kidnapper Sues Victims for Not Hiding Him from Police
TOPEKA , Kan. — A man convicted of holding a Topeka-area couple hostage is now suing their victims , claiming that they reneged on an agreement to hide them from police .
Jesse Dimmick is currently serving an 11-year sentence for bursting into the home of Jared and Lindsay Rowley in 2009 and holding the couple hostage at knifepoint while running from police , who wanted to talk to them about a man beaten to death in Colorado .
The couple escaped and called police after Dimmick fell asleep . Now , Dimmick has filed suit in court claiming that they and the couple had an oral agreement that they would hide them from police .
In a hand-written , notarized court document , Dimmick claims that after breaking into the Rowley home , they offered the couple an unspecified amount of money to hide them from police , who they claims were “ trying to kill me . ”
Dimmick claims that the couple agreed to hide him , “ therefore forging a legally-binding oral contract . ”
“ Later , the Rowleys reneged on said oral contract , resulting in my being shot in the back by authorities , ” said Dimmick in the court document .
Dimmick , who does not have an attorney and is representing themselves in court , is seeking $ 235,000 in damages – $ 160,000 to cover their medical expenses and another $ 75,000 in pain and suffering .
The couple , who say that they did not accept any money from Dimmick , has asked the judge to dismiss the case .
Dimmick is now being held in an Colorado jail in connection to the September 2009 murder of a Brighton , Colorado , man .
[ social_buttons ]
How would you like to drive an all-electric Mini ? An EV Smart Car ? A PT Cruiser ? With the help of Hybrid Technologies , you can . They 've taken many familiar vehicles , ripped out their engines , and replaced them with lithium batteries and electric motors .
On the surface it makes great sense and it seems there would be a huge demand for this sort of thing . Electric cars are nearly maintenance free . They do n't need oil changes and they have 90 % fewer parts than gas cars . Plus , these EVs look like the normal cars that are already popular with many folks .
Cool . How much will it cost ? Glad you asked . How about a slick $ 40,000 for an all electric Toyota Yaris hatchback ? Or $ 60,000 for the Mini ? Come on now , I know you wanted that Beemer , but let 's be realistic , the price of gas is only rising and you never liked going to get oil changes anyways .
Given the savings on fuel and maintenance , the company states that they believe their prices are “ competitive ” with other vehicles when looked at over a 7 to 10 year time frame . Although this is probably true , I see some issues with their business model .
To start with , I 'm guessing that coming up with $ 60,000 all at once ( or even paying $ 1,200 a month on a 5 year loan at 7 % interest ) would be out of the realm of “ doable ” for the demographic typically interested in buying a Yaris , a PT Cruiser , or a Mini .
Secondly , at $ 60,000 , you 're 60 % of the way to buying yourself a Tesla Roadster with much better stats ( not to mention a status factor light years beyond a mere all-electric PT Cruiser ) . Chances are , if you have $ 60,000 you can throw at a vehicle , you probably can manage the stretch to $ 100,000 as well .
Lastly , I think the company has missed a bigger consumer demand for converting cars that people already own into all-electric vehicles . If you 've owned something like a PT cruiser for 6 years , you 've probably paid it off and you might be thinking of buying a new car .
Buying a new car would cost you around $ 25,000 . If the conversion to all-electric costs around $ 25,000 , why not just do that instead ? In the process they remove all the parts that tend to break down , you end up with a car that costs pennies per mile to operate , and you 've essentially recycled your old car .
In 4 years time , I 'd do that with my 2007 Yaris in a heartbeat .
Posts related to Electric Car Conversions and Other Electric Cars :
Image Credits : Hybrid Technologies
My girlfriend does n't get on with my cat , at all – crazy right ?
They say they have never really been a cat person , so I try not to take it personally . I 've had my cat for 5 years ( since the day they were born ) – they mean the world to me , but now she 's taken a dislike to my girlfriend . Which leaves me stuck in a really awkward position .
But what is so crazy , they are actually more a like than both would like to admit .
1 . Both find it acceptable to eat my food .
2 . Neither can decide whether nor not they want to go out for the evening .
3 . It is acceptable for them to sleep all day , but neither will let me sleep if they 're awake .
4 . Both demand attention whenever I want privacy .
5 . I can never tell what either of them are thinking , but I assume I have displeased them in some way .
6 . They both try to fit into things they clearly ca n't fit into .
7 . They 're both happy to disturb me when I 'm working from home .
8 . They 're able to nap wherever they find comfort .
9 . They 're both too proud to ask for help .
10 . Yelling at the neighbourhood hooligans to keep it down during quiet time .
11 . Get spooked by someone sneaking up on them when they thought the house was empty .
12 . Fall asleep on me , when I need to go to the bathroom .
13 . They 're both completely spoilt by me .
14 . They look adorable in glasses .
Before you press your camera 's shutter button to photograph the perfect landscape , there are many things you need to firstly consider .
A landscape photograph is a photograph in which the main subject is nature . The objective of a landscape photograph is to capture the beauty of the natural landscape , and this is the reason landscape photographers do not include people their or their subjects . Landscape photography , just like wildlife photography , is difficult as it requires a lot of time and energy . Whether you 're new to digital photography or simply searching for new photo ideas , our fast and simple landscape photography tips and camera tips will help you take better pictures using the minimum of fuss .
The following tips can assist you to produce attractive landscape pictures , regardless of the environment you 're shooting in and also the style of photography you adopt .
Use a Wide Angle Lens
The perfect lens for landscape photography is a wide-angle lens . Using a wide-angle lens enables you to capture more of the breathtaking view in your shot . Also , utilizing a wide-angle lens for your shot gives you a choice of converting it into a panorama , with the aid of editing software . You can test out different angles for the shots as well as with lenses of different focal lengths .
Use a Tripod
Consequently of the longer shutter speed that you may have to select to compensate for a small aperture you will have to find a way of ensuring your camera is totally still during the exposure . Actually even if you 're able to shoot in a fast shutter speed the practice of utilizing a tripod can be beneficial to you . Also consider a cable or wireless shutter release mechanism for added camera stillness .
Use Filters and Polarizers
If you are using the shot during the day , it is advisable to use graduated filters . By doing this , there will be a balanced exposure within the photograph right from the beginning without you needing to spend hours on Photoshop editing it . You will find an array of different filters that serve to enhance your shot in different ways . While density filters control the amount of sunshine reaching the lens , color filters are available in different colors , and add a touch of the particular shade to the photograph . Polarizing filters add saturation to your shots .
The magic hour
Beautiful landscape photos are often based on the quality of light they were drawn in . As a consequence , photographers tend to shoot at the start of the morning or during late afternoons once the sun is lower , less contrasty and often displays a subtle colour palette of moody hues . Because of this , the hours after dawn and before dusk are classified as the ‘ magic hours ' . If rising at dawn does n't sit well with your concept of a relaxing weekend , do n't panic – there are many great landscape opportunities throughout the day .
Maximize the Depth of Field
Increasing the depth of field of the photograph means a larger part of the photograph is in focus . To do this you have to decrease the aperture of the camera . However , decreasing the aperture size means less light reaching the image sensor , which must be neutralized by increasing the shutter speed .
Follow the Rule of Thirds
According to this rule , you 're supposed to divide any composition into three parts by imagining lines passing across it . Now , you need to set the frame so that the areas or objects you intend to focus on , lie on the intersection of those lines . This can be a useful tip for beginners within the field of landscape photography .
Capture Movement
The term ‘ landscape ' generally brings serene images to the mind . However , objects in motion do form part of many landscapes . Consider this . You climb a hill to capture the breathtaking view of the valley below . On your long ago after having clicked some splendid shots , you suddenly stumbled upon a majestic waterfall . Being the nature lover that you 're , would you not want to capture the beauty of their cascading waters ? ‘ But how ? ' , you might ask . Well , to capture moving elements inside a landscape , you need to set a slow shutter speed . However , you must keep in your mind that a slow shutter speed means more light reaching the lens . To counter this , you must have a smaller aperture and use the right filters .
Polarising filters
Most landscape photographers have a circular polarising filter in their kit bag . There are lots of uses for filters like this , but for the landscape photographer the 2 key characteristics are their ability to cut out reflections and nasty glare from the scene and the increased colour intensity , saturation and contrast they 've created . You 'll really notice the effect in clear blue skies .
Use a Tripod Camera Stand and Remote
For that simple reason that you need to set the shutter speed as high , to pay for a smaller aperture , it is extremely important that your camera is totally still while the shot is taken . If you hold the camera in your hand during the shot , chances are that it could get shaken , resulting in a blurred image . It is better still if you use a wireless remote instead of manually clicking the shutter with your hands because this way you 'll get really sharp images .
Choose the Perfect Timing
The caliber of landscape photography depends a lot on what time of the day you are taking your shots . Experts believe that the optimum time to take your shots is either at the start of the morning or late in the evening . Sunrise and sunset give a special touch to your photographs and therefore are termed as the ‘ golden hours ' . This is because the angle as well because the color of the light during these hours have been widely accepted because the best for landscape shots .
Be Patient
Patience is one of the key ingredients to stunning landscape photography . Rushing through the entire process would land you with images that could be good enough but never extraordinary . If shooting a masterpiece is exactly what you are after , then you need to set up that extra effort . On reaching the location , just spend time in scouting for that perfect angle and wait for that time of the day once the lighting is just perfect .
