In August 2015 , I whacked my head on the luggage door of a bus while exploring the depths of western Ireland . Like most fools who hit their heads , I decided I was fine and proceeded on my merry way . I completely disregarded the headache , the lack of desire and inability to drink ( hangovers after one beer ! ) , the sudden unwillingness to look out the window on super-windy roads , a growing distaste for bright lights and loud noises , and the spinning whenever I stood up too fast . Things got steadily worse , but fortunately I flew home before it got really bad . Lucky for me the injury was n't worse—I could have died otherwise due to lack of medical care .
When I finally went to the doctor and was diagnosed with a concussion , they gave me all sorts of prescriptions , including “ go home and stare at a wall ” and “ no more than 10 minutes of screen/reading time per hour. ” I was also told to “ limit stimulation to your brain ” and that “ everything is stimulating . Yes , even breathing. ” At first , all this seemed impossible , but as my symptoms got worse , I found myself doing things like sitting down to consider what I 'd have for dinner and waking up 16 hours later .
Every brain breaks and heals differently . I broke , among other things , my brain 's short-term procedural function . A quick example : I have these deep shelving units in my bedroom , with all my books pushed to the back and knickknacks and souvenirs from trips arrayed in front , so it looks like an Advent calendar . As you can imagine this can get messy as life becomes busy and I set things down quickly . Since I had to be extra quiet and stay home , I started tidying up the shelves . I could look at them and see what needed to be done , but I could not make a list . All I could do was being in the now and exist . If I started to make a list , by the third item my brain would be throbbing , my eyes would close and I would wake up three hours later . Even writing this paragraph is giving me a headache . This article is on its sixth day . Before my injury it would have taken two hours .
I need to take another break now .
Which is where Pokémon Go comes in . Hearing about this game that had people so engrossed that they walked into walls and off cliffs , I thought , “ Hey , maybe this could overcome the overwhelming habit of sloth I 've developed. ” So I downloaded it in July . What this game does , quietly but perfectly , is encouraged you to walk one more block , and then another , and then one more , as you tap into GPS and use a map to try to capture virtual creatures that seem to exist wherever you happen to be in the real world .
Suddenly your plan to hit two game hotspots in front of your building turns into a five-kilometre walk . Moderate , gradually increasing exercise is recommended for most brain injuries after a period of rest . The walking involved in Pokémon Go , which I started playing on July 17 , was exactly what I needed after having stayed indoors and done nothing for almost a year . The nice thing is that if I 'm too overstimulated to go anywhere , I can walk around my own block and still play the game . I do n't have to go far .
It 's not just me , either . My friend and their activity-/outdoors- hating son are walking 80 km a week playing this game . I met a woman the other day out playing ; they have several agoraphobics , shut in or brain-injured friends who are leaving the house to play Pokémon Go .
I 'm a movement teacher , so I know to the depths of my being that movement is health . But I wondered if I might be harming myself . Most likely not , says Toronto board-certified neuropsychologist Dr. Karen Wiseman . “ The best [ evidence-supported ] treatment for concussion is initial withdrawal from activity and then gradual reintroduction of activity . The brain takes care of itself , for the most part . Some guidance from a clinician or two can be helpful and also , it 's important to get on a regular sleep schedule , eat well and take care of your spirit , too . ”
My osteopath of many years , who is also a physiotherapist and craniosacral specialist , had been gently encouraging me to get moving for months . Gently , because you have to be gentle with a healing brain ; I know because I 've had exacerbation of symptoms from pushing myself , and it 's awful . It 's like you 're right back at the beginning with the swimming brain and the pain and the ice picks through your eyes into your optic nerves .
The osteopath happened to see me 18 days before I started playing Pokémon Go and 10 days after . They were astonished by the change in me . They noted that my eyes and skin were clearer , my internal fluids were all moving better and by every other single metric they could see and feel , I was healing better and faster than I had in months . Since then not a single thing has deteriorated or worsened , and I have caused myself no harm that the osteopath could find . In fact , they say I changed their whole opinion of the game .
I 'm not “ all better , ” by any means . I still ca n't drive for more than 15 minutes , am bothered by loud noises , ca n't handle flashing lights and get flustered far more easily than I ever did . But every single person I know is remarking on the change in my “ vibe ” and mood , and my increased liveliness . If nothing else , today I walked home from an appointment for 90 minutes , and three weeks ago I would have taken a cab . With Pokémon Go , I have walked more than 400 km . Want to know who wins this game ? I do .
Angela Barsotti is a Toronto-based movement , awareness and pilates teacher at Ugly Duckling Pilates who is fascinated by physiology and whole-body movement . Them own injuries continue to feed their deepening fascination with human movement and its potential for healing .
Ratings :
Overall :
Handle :
Aggressiveness :
Weight :
Blade Change :
Affordability :
We got off on the wrong foot the Fatip Grande and me , and we had a real tough time getting things back on track . The first couple of shaves resulted in more cuts and nicks that I am accustomed to ( which is usually zero – but I provide some leeway for new razors ) , but I chalked it up to being unfamiliar with the razor . Then there was the dreaded night of the party . Company was coming over and I was running out of time , I ran upstairs for a quick shave , naturally grabbed my newest razor and shaved a little too quickly and with not enough focus , leaving my face a burning nightmare for the rest of the evening . But I refused to give up on the razor – after all I loved the way it feels , the way it looks , even the price point is attractive . There had to be a way for me to salvage this razor experience .
I discovered , as with all razors really , is that less force/pressure is key for a comfortable and successful shave . It just seemed that I required even less pressure with the Fatip Grande than with any of my other razors . The culprit more than likely is that I am working with an open comb razor instead of one with a safety bar – which can be found on all of my other razors ( I did own another open comb razor but I gave it to my dad soon after receiving it ) . Once I learned to ease up , the experience improved , but unfortunately the damage was done , four of five weeks later , I still pick up the razor with a sense of hesitation based on my first few experiences . A fault of mine surely – I should be able to let it go – but I am unable . I will definitely keep the razor , I do like it , I hope to have more confidence with it the more I use it .
I have to give it a 3 for balance simply because the handle is so light . Nearly all of the weight is in the cutting head of the razor , which I guess could be one of the factors contributing to my longer than usual learning curve with this razor . That is not to say that the razor is unusable , rather that it may take some getting use to .
Grip
The handle has a great , classic looking design . the ribs that run along the handle provides a great grip . The nub at the bottom of the handle also a nice touch aesthetically and functionally – I am able to rest my little finger on there for some added control . Not a 5/5 simply because it is a bit too light ( see above ) .
Blade Exposure : Semi/Aggressive
The nature of the open comb will make the razor somewhat more aggressive than one with a safety bar – but I ca n't say that the Fatip Grande is an aggressive razor . After my first few experiences I would have definitely said super aggressive , but that was more me than the razor .
Price :
Nothing wrong with the price of the Fatip Grande , it 's what one would expect for a razor of this build , on par with other razors like the Edwin Jagger 89lbl or the Parker 89R . I 'm not sure if it would make for a great starter razor , but perhaps a good place to start with your first open comb .
Just for the record , the Fatip Grande I own is the nickel version , it is also available in chrome , gunmetal black , and gold . For more information check out Amazon .
Image courtesy the fantastic Matthew Henderson ( follow them on Twitter @ mhenderon95 )
Just a week ago J.D . Burke put together a piece arguing that the Canucks would win a hypothetical Bo Horvat for Jonathan Drouin trade . Using a series of statistical and qualitative points to state their case , Burke was so bold as to suggest the Canucks would come out on top .
For objectivities sake , I 've taken it upon myself to present an argument to the contrary . Regardless where my allegiances lie , there 's most definitely an argument to be made that the Canucks would be on the losing end of this deal . One I intend to make .
One could make a case for this being the great schism of our time in Canucks fandom . Would it be better to keep the known commodity , with likely the lesser talent ceiling ? Or is it worth the risk to try and take on a malcontent who 's yet to hit on their sky-high ceiling ?
Before I get started , let me state my case as an unabashed fan of Horvat 's game . A centre with two-way chops at this stage in their career – poor underlying numbers , be damned – earning this level of trust from the coaching staff is a rare commodity . Now that Horvat 's offensive game has rebounded nicely alongside Sven Baertschi , the Canucks have a second line that can carry this club offensively in spurts . Once the underlying results align with the level of defensive acumen Horvat 's coach is observing , the Canucks might have a second line centre in Horvat that can help in all three zones and chip in on special teams .
Horvat 's game may be short on some of the skills we 've come to expect from a first-line centre , but that could be subject to change – this is a 20-year old , after all . More realistically , the Canucks likely have their second line centre for a generation , in the making .
At the crux of this argument though is that Horvat plays a premium position , at centre . Should the Canucks send Horvat to South Florida , it leaves a gaping hole down the middle of their lineup that could last well into the future . The Canucks may have Henrik Sedin for now , but how much longer ? That leaves the Canucks with Jared McCann , Brandon Sutter and Linden Vey as their top three centres – everything remaining constant . Of course , a lot can happen , but this illustrates the challenges Vancouver would face .
Meanwhile , the Canucks have Baertschi , Hunter Shinkaruk , Brendan Gaunce , Brock Boeser and Emerson Etem on the wing . Adding Drouin just adds to an area where the Canucks have established good depth .
Let 's be fair , though . Drouin has the potential to be an elite playmaking winger . In fact , were this conversation had a few months ago , Canucks fans would hop on this deal as though it were being made by the wonky AI in NHL16 . It 's funny how quick things can change .
So there 's the difference on-ice . Horvat is a good player , relatively known commodity and plays a premium position . Drouin likely offers more offensively , but comes with their fair share of baggage .
That last caveat likely means more than we give credit for , too . Character seems to be a huge factor in the decision making process of Jim Benning . Arguing for a player 's character should n't be the sole reason to acquire , or not acquire the player in question as it 's not a particularly prudent way of accumulating talent . However , it is something that the team which inherits Drouin should worry about . Is Drouin 's complaints exclusive to Tampa Bay , or something that might come up again the next time they face any level of adversity .
Most projection models and advanced metrics – not to mention rankings – suggest that Drouin for Horvat is a no-brainer for the Canucks . There is still a fair argument that because of Horvat 's position , development and character that the Canucks would do well to hold onto Horvat .
For these reasons , I think the Canucks should chart that exact course . By acquiring Baertschi , Etem and Andrey Pedan , Benning has shown a propensity for taking advantage of situations teetering on the edge of untenable . With that in mind , one can only hope that Horvat was the starting point of the negotiations , before Benning is able to take full advantage of this situation and lay the smackdown on Stevie Y .
If that 's the case , I 'm all for it . Put them in a room with the Twins and watch them work their charitable , Swedish magic . Long as Drouin gets their chance to shine , the off-ice issues are likely a thing of the past . I just do n't want Horvat to be the sacrificial lamb that makes it happen .
Librarian
Screamers
Screamers & Fateweaver
My own projects
I mainly used Templar bits ( it 's a personal fave of mine to make librarians out of Black Templar parts ) though their Force Sword is a Blood Angels Glaive Encarmine . I 've equipped this guy with the bones of Osrak as a piece of wargear , so he 's even got a little reliquary strapped to their belt at the back .
I 've just realised I 've mentioned the Captain of the Third a couple of times now but have n't posted pics up yet - so here they are , Captain Iago of the Crusade Company of the Dusk Knights , often seen fighting alongside the 4th Company they are hyper aggressive combatants , always eager to close the distance to the foe and fight up close and personal .
He 's nowhere near finished yet but you can see the contrast between the simple lines of this guy and the more complex outline of the librarian , they should look pretty cool together once they 're both finished !
Finally , in response to another upcoming game this week , I 've decided that I could do with constructing an assault squad . For now , they 'll just be 5 plain marines - it 's a 1250pt game and I decided to try and run a Sternhammer so I need to go upgrade light and keep the squads small to fit everything in !
I do have a pic of them , but it 's so very black on black that you can barely make out any details , so I 'll save that one for you for next week !
- - - - -
So , I mentioned the game I played on Thursday - this was the first game for my new list and having gone into minute detail about why I had chosen to include the units I had , I felt a certain amount of pressure that it needs to prove itself pretty successful on the tabletop !
So its first game was going to be against Tau from the Farsight Enclaves . Oh good !
Actually it 's not quite as bad as it sounds , my opponent brought no forgeworld evil in their selection of the greater good , and also used the Hunter Cadre as the basis of the force rather than the retaliation cadre .
From memory , their list was basically a commander with fusion blades , and 3 bodyguard crisis suits with fusion blasters , a ghostkeel , a riptide with heavy burst cannon , a single broadside , one unit of breachers and two of strikers with a cadre fireblade , plus a unit of 4 drones , then the drone net formation on top of that .
Ok so tank hunters on my centurions would be useless , that 's a good start , haha !
Turn 1 went ok , my tactical squads dropped in and did some damage , whilst the centurions ventilated the broadside in a hail of las and missile fire .
The return fire was punishing ( as you 'd expect getting that close to Tau I suppose ) and I watched despairingly as my full tactical squad disappeared , closely followed by three of my smaller flamer squad . Well over 20 % of my force gone in one go , this was going to be difficult !
Still , I stuck to the philosophy of playing the objectives and damaging what I could once that was achieved . My libby kept the vanguard veterans nicely invisible ( and yes , I did draw harness the warp so their inclusion was worthwhile ) , so they advanced a bit into the midfield . The Tau Commander and their team dropped in behind them , surviving the dangerous terrain test for scattering into a ruin , and they promptly dropped two of the centurions before taking two wounds to dangerous terrain as they reorganised using their jetpacks . The vanguard responded emphatically , and even though the librarian 's psychic shriek failed to do any damage ( I rolled a triple ' 2 ' ) the vanguard dropped some of the team with their pistol fire , and the libby challenged the Tau commander in single combat . Thankfully I 'd already checked and they are n't wearing iridium armour ( I 'd have taken the challenge with the vet sergeant if they had been ! ) so the librarian 's force sword struck out and ended them quickly . That one unit was a huge point sink to my opponent though , and once it was gone ( and the riptide still had n't arrived from reserve having been put there because of the threat of the centurions and the grav/sternguard squads ) I had a comfortable advantage . The vanguard and stormhawk whittled the strike teams down ( ok , the vanguard wrecked one in one turn with their charge ) and my two remaining tactical marines charged the breachers , surviving overwatch before one fell in the first turn of combat - the remaining warrior held off 4 breachers and a drone for several turns , before finally winning a combat round with a single casualty , then running down the enemy as they fled . They then went on to secure me an objective in the following turn before getting cut down by fire from the fireblade 's squad .
The sternguard did a nice number on the ghostkeel ( getting inside its double-cover distance is significant in terms of hurting it and Cal had already used its holophoton countermeasures in a previous turn ) which was then finished off by the last centurion , and everything then turned its attentions to the riptide , which went down in an attempted blaze of glory that overcharged its nova reactor and sent it critical .
In the final analysis , I had kept up the pressure on my opponent all through the game , using my deploying units to get a table foothold before dropping in the pod units where they would be most effective . I had anticipated doing more damage to the breacher squad before they got to fire back to be honest , and was more than a little perturbed after the Tau turn 1 shooting , but by keeping my focus on my cards and discarding anything I had n't achieved and could n't say I definitely would get the next turn , I managed to keep scoring through the game .
Final Score ? Almost irrelevant really given my opponent only had marker drones left on the table , but it finished 19-3 in my favour .
Morning all , another week passes and more new projects get started on my desk - I really need to try finishing something sometime , haha ! welcome again to my workstation where I let you in on all the little projects I have going on . This week is more detail on my commission work , including a finished Librarian , and work beginning of Fateweaver - the most significant model of my commission service so far.- commission from St Andrews Wargaming.I 've been working on this guy for a little while , Mike kindly sent them over to me shortly after Christmas with the request for them to be painted in a non-chapter specific fashion . They also advised he 'd do the base themselves and just asked me to give it a coat of steel legion drab.I decided to go fairly traditional in terms of colours therefore , the main armour is base coated in Macragge Blue , with some fairly strong highlights blended into it to max out the contrast . The robes were done in a similar fashion , blending through from Khorne Red via Wazdakka Red to Squig Orange . There 's also a wash of Carroburg Crimson in there just to make sure everything stays as a red tone and not orange . Purity seals etc were done in a different red with Mephiston Red washed with Agraz Earthshade and then Evil Sunz Scarlet and Wild Rider Red to pick out the detail.Golds are done in my usual style with Balthasar Gold then Gehenna 's Gold , but to tie these in to the rest of the model I 've given them a wash of Carroburg Crimson , which deepens the tone nicely.Going back a bit , this pic shows better the blending on the armour , and it also shows off the Crux Terminatus , which is painted with a base layer of Zandri Dust , then Ushabti Bone and finally Screaming Skull.I 'm very pleased how this guy turned out in the end , and I 've even decided to use similar blending techniques on my own 3rd company captain for the Dusk Knights.- commission from Fresh from the WarpThese guys are proving to be a real slog at the moment , thanks to the truly hideous number of spines they each have ! The models came to me having been airbrushed blue already , and some discussion with the client led to the style with funky green eyes and black scales . To be honest , once I can get through the spines , there 's not a huge amount of work to do on them , it 's just a bit monotonous at the moment ! - commission from Siph at the Weemen BlogOk , so having slogged my way through 9 screamers in blue and pink , I 've got another 6 to do ! Siph contacted me about doing Fateweaver for them and knowing that Rob at 30kplus40k had done some daemons for them already in unusual colours , I saw it as a good opportunity to try something different myself . The feathered parts of the wings are central to the scheme , and are done using a base coat of Rhinox Hide , then highlighted up using Doombull Brown , Squig Orange then Kindleflame , with a final drybrush of Ryza Rust . At this point , I 've not really done much work on the rest of the model , so the blue tabard ( which is n't actually blue ) only has the base layer on and the skin has been flesh shaded over Rakarth Flesh.Whilst I 'm making March my month to progress my commission projects , I have also squeezed in some stuff for myself . Last week you saw I 'd built some devastator centurions , and this week I 've added some more projects to my own pile once the commission stuff is complete.First , we have Epistolary Aquilino , I discovered this gap in my librarius last week when I realised I did n't have a libby with a jump pack , and needed one for my game against the Tau ( see end of the post for a recap ! ) . Given that the Captain of the Third is pretty much an unadorned and very simple model , I wanted to contrast them with their advisor , so I really went to town adding lots of detail to the libby model .
Cash-strapped and somewhat adrift in terms of missions , the U.S. Army is in the midst of an existential crisis . Once ballooning in budget and size , the Army now says it wants to be `` a smaller , more lethal , deployable , and agile force . '' And it 's going to need robots to do it right .
General Robert Cone , head of the Army 's Training and Doctrine Command , spoke about the future of the service at the Army Aviation Symposium last week . Faced with sequestration cuts , the Army is thinking about cutting the size of a brigade from 4,000 to 3,000 soldiers . It would fill the gap with robots and other unmanned systems . In fact , it 's been testing out possible combat drones for years now .
Advertisement
`` Do n't you think 3,000 people is probably enough probably to get by ? '' Gen. Cone asked the audience last week . Well , 3,000 plus robots . `` When you see the success , frankly , that the Navy has had in terms of lowering the numbers of people on ships , are there functions in the brigade that we could automate—robots or manned/unmanned teaming—and lower the number of people that are involved given the fact that people are our major cost ? ''
Both good questions ! This shrinking of the Army is not a hypothetical or a new idea , either . We 've known this was going to happen for some time now . Reports indicate that the Army will shrink from its current size of 540,000 soldiers to just 420,000 in the next five years .
Advertisement
But replacing all those soldiers with drones wo n't be an easy task . After its finally developed the right technology—and you know DARPA 's working hard on it—then the Army has the terrible task of convincing the public that it 's okay to kill people with robots . Of course , we 've been doing that for years , though , have n't we ? [ Defense News ]
Dozens of illegal migrants from African nations were detained nationwide Monday during an Oz Unit sweep of major cities such as Tel Aviv , Beersheba and Eilat .
The Population and Immigration Authority 's force 's latest operation , meant to detain illegal migrants ahead of their deportation , was made possible after the Jerusalem Administrative Court granted the State 's request to suspend the `` collective protection `` status granted to south Sudanese migrants in Israel , effectively sanctioning the deportation of 1,500 migrants .
Related articles :
According to the Immigration Authority , over 55 foreigners – from south Sudan , Nigeria , China , Ghana and the Ivory Coast – were detained in the first hours of the sweep , which is set to last several days .
Various aid organizations confirmed that they were informed of multiple detentions .
Suddenness protesting in Tel Aviv ( Photo : Reuters )
Interior Minister Eli Yishai said that the sweeps were `` Not meant to be against the infiltrators , but rather to preserve the Zionist and Jewish nature of the State of Israel . ''
Yishai added that the operation 's primary goal was `` to return the infiltrators from Eritrea and south Sudan to their countries , despite the difficulties mounted by the so-called human rights groups . ''
An aid worker in Eilat criticized Oz inspectors , saying that their actions `` are causing the refugees to feel extremely unsafe . These are people from war-torn countries , whose life will be in danger if they are sent back to their countries of origin .
`` The State has n't even reviewed their status – it just decided to detain everyone . Some of them have been here for five , six years and they 've been given a week to 'get their affairs in order . ' It 's absurd . ''
Any other country in the world , they added , `` Would have given them the option of filing for a refugee or asylum seeker status – in accordance to the Geneva Convention . ( Israel ) just decided to send the , back , like sheep to the slaughter . ''
'State has failed '
Meanwhile , the Knesset 's Internal Affairs and Environment Committee convened Monday to debate the issue of growing violence against illegal migrants and asylum seekers in Israel .
Representatives of the Foreign , Public Security and Welfare ministries , alongside delegates from the UNHRC and the National Union of Local Authorities attended the meeting .
Oz Unit inspectors in action ( Photo : Moti Kimchi )
Late on Monday , the ministerial committee tasked with reviewing the migrant problem will convene as well .
MK Shlomo Molla ( Kadima ) warned that , `` The State has failed to do its diplomatic due diligence vis-à-vis the UN or the Eritrean government . No one wants to migrate here if they 're doing well… It does n't mean that we should n't try to send them back , but these events – abusing them like that – that 's wrong .
`` I 've seen case where people where physically hurt . If that 's not incitement – what is ? '' they wondered .
Hadash ) read testimonies given by teens suspected of assaulting migrants , detailing the violent abuse they had perpetrated . They further deplored the government 's actions against them .
MK Danny Danon ( Likud ) , who strongly advocated deporting all migrants , stressed that `` We all condemn violence . No one here supports the 'we 're good and they 're evil ' theory , but we wo n't be silenced . ''
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
WATCH : Jian Ghomeshi leaves a Toronto courthouse on Wednesday through a sea of media
TORONTO – Flare magazine apologized Friday for an online article which dissected disgraced former CBC radio host Jian Ghomeshi 's choice of clothing for their court appearance on sexual assault charges .
Ghomeshi was met by a crush of reporters outside a Toronto courthouse Wednesday after posting bail on four charges of sexual assault and one charge of choking .
“ His sombre exit appearance before the throng of cameras and reporters—black suit , crisp white shirt and subtly patterned dark tie—was in stark contrast to their signature behind-the-scenes rock-guy style , ” reads a portion of the article . “ Absent were the leather jackets , chunky accessories and designer denim . Ghomeshi 's ubiquitous five o'clock shadow was turfed in favour of a close shave , and their adolescent mop top looked like it had been trimmed . ”
The article focuses on their “ corporate look ” and debates whether or not the former Q host was wearing a tie in court .
“ He 's more casual and he 's trying to enhance their likability factor by being friendlier . When you 're not wearing a tie you 're more open , you 're not as protected , ” Diane Craig , a Toronto-based image consultant , is quoted as saying .
The magazine issued an apology on Twitter Friday afternoon , but defended the article .
“ We apologize if we offended readers with the Jian Ghomeshi story . The article was not about fashion , but how appearance affects impression ”
However , Flare got sharp criticism on social media for the post .
@ FLAREfashion women are finally making some progress and you just set the conversation back 100years . # StupidestTweet — SS ( @ MsFishEyes ) November 28 , 2014
@ FLAREfashion seriously ? ? ! ! I know flare is about fashion but this is too much . Bad bad bad . — Montrealgirl ( @ violetfish ) November 27 , 2014
. @ FLAREfashion College park prison docks ≠ fashion week . — Rosalind Robertson ( @ RosalindR ) November 28 , 2014
. @ FLAREfashion A sexual assault case is not fodder for fashion gossip . — Jazmyn Y3 Monroe ( @ Krys_T_ ) November 28 , 2014
@ FLAREfashion disappointed by this – you 're not adding anything useful to the convo & trivializing it , also feeding the media circus . — Anitabot ( @ anitabot ) November 28 , 2014
@ FLAREfashion you seriously have n't deleted this yet ? why is this still on the Internet ? — Melissa Bies ( @ missmelbies ) November 28 , 2014
@ flarefashion For the record , this post is disgusting , offensive , and hurtful to people I care about . cc . @ cp_williamson , @ MaureenHalushak — Nick W ( @ tapesonthefloor ) November 28 , 2014
YULEE , Fla. - A preacher is in jail on charges of lewd and lascivious molestation on a teenage girl .
Kyle Lowe , 28 , was a preacher at First Missionary Baptist Church in Yulee , but not any more .
Church members said Lowe was leading services just the past Sunday , and they were shocked to learn of the accusations . They said what he 's accused of never happened at the church .
Bernice Walker , who has attended the church all of their life , says that Lowe started at there last December , just before Christmas , and has been leading services every weekend for the past few months . The church even had bigger plans in the works for him .
`` He was n't the pastor here . We have n't called him , '' Walker said . `` We were supposed to , but we have n't yet . ''
According to Lowe 's arrest report , a now-15-year-old victim told investigators that Lowe kissed them and groped them under their shirt . The report says Lowe admitted to kissing the teen and touching them on top of their shirt , but then recanted and denied touching them
`` It 's ugly . It 's ugly and a disgrace , '' Walker said . `` For a man that is supposed to be a child of God . They seemed to be a nice person , but after this here , I do n't know . ''
Walker said the church members got together Thursday night and fired Lowe from their position . According to their arrest report , Lowe worked for Beautiful Mind and Soul Christian Academy , but the principal said that is not true , and that they were never an employee of the private school .
The principal said in an email , `` Bishop Lowe was not an employee here . They were a religious representative from Emmanuel Center and Fellowship Baptist Church who came in on few occasions to assist with administrative services in our admin office for a very brief time as their office assistance was no longer needed . ''
Lowe is being held in the Duval County jail with bail set at $ 50,000 . Their next court date is scheduled for Sept. 11 .
Copyright 2013 by News4Jax.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Kangnam is facing criticism after they asked what many have said were ignorant questions about Ghana to Sam Okyere .
On the October 22 episode of SBS 's “ My Ugly Duckling , ” H.O.T . 's Tony Ahn and Kangnam visited Ghanaian television personality Sam Okyere .
As they sat in the living room talking , Sam Okyere , who has been living in Korea for nine years , said that they had a busy schedule when visiting Ghana . Hearing this , Kangnam asked , “ Are you a celebrity there ? ” When Sam Okyere answered that they even do interviews , Kangnam asked in surprise , “ Are there televisions in Ghana ? ”
Tony Ahn tried to ease the situation by saying , “ Of course there are televisions in Ghana , ” but Kangnam continued to ask if Ghana also had broadcasting stations or clubs . Sam Okyere explained that the cities in Ghana are like Seoul before joking , “ I have to go to zoos to see a lion , too . ”
Seo Jang Hoon , who had been watching the whole scene , commented that Kangnam must think Ghana was simply like plains .
Although the overall tone of the conversation was not entirely serious , netizens said that Kangnam 's questions were rude and racist . “ Is n't they too rude ? Even if it 's a joke , he 's belittling [ Sam Okyere 's ] country , ” commented one viewer .
Sam Okyere had previously talked about racism they have faced in Korea during JTBC 's talk show “ Talking Street. ” They shared their experience of having a random woman on the subway tell them to “ go back to your own country , ” insulting them for their skin color . They publicly criticized the racist blackface skit on SBS 's “ Comedy Hunter ” as well .
Meanwhile , Kangnam has been criticized for their aggressive language toward 9MUSES ' Kyungri in the past .
Source ( 1 )
Alveda King , the niece of Martin Luther King Jr. , wo n't officially say which candidate they are pulling for to become president , but their words do n't leave much to the imagination .
Pro-Hillary pundits wo n't be talking about this powerful interview . Networks will hardly be falling all over themselves to book Ms. King .
Here is why :
“ The platform of the Democrats , headed up by Miss Hillary Clinton , is let 's give you more abortions , more birth control — lock everyone up whose committing crimes , and that 's going to make America better , ” they told guest host Melissa Francis on Fox News ' “ Justice with Judge Jeanine ” on Saturday . “ That platform is just not full of hope .
“ The platform that Mr. Trump is leading says let 's give more jobs , let 's do better with education , let 's get the jobs back to Americans first , ” which they described as a more hopeful vision that they believe will produce more skilled workers and entrepreneurs .
“ What better example of an opportunity for entrepreneurship than to have a president who has succeeded and done that , ” they said .
“ One thing about Mr. Trump , ( a ) 70-year-old billionaire in the golden years of their life wants to help all Americans , ” they continued . “ This is a golden moment . ”
King believes when black voters take a look at both platforms and think , Trump will wind up with more of their vote than the polls indicate .
As of Friday , HBO subscribers can stream the series premiere of The Deuce — the latest prestige drama from The Wire veterans David Simon and George Pelecano — two weeks ahead of the show 's official release date . Though the network has previously aired shows before their planned time slots to avoid scheduling conflicts , the reasons for HBO quietly releasing the series pilot remain unclear .
Also on Friday , the network put out the second trailer for the show , which features James Franco pulling double duty as a pair of smut-peddling twin brothers , Maggie Gyllenhaal as an intrepid sex worker trying to make it in the nascent porn industry , and a medley of gratuitous violence soundtracked by Marvin Gaye .
Tracing the porn industry 's ascent in New York , the series is mostly set beneath the seedy backdrop of 1970s and 80s Times Square . It 's in that nearly forgotten underworld where `` a cast of barkeeps , prostitutes , pimps , police and nightlife denizens ... swirl through a world of sex , crime , high times and violence and the porn business begins its climb from Mafia-backed massage parlors and film labs to legitimacy and cultural permanence , '' per the show 's official synopsis .
According to Rolling Stone , `` the series will also explore the rise of HIV , the real estate boom and police efforts to crack down on the adult film trade . ''
In addition to Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Franco² , the cast also includes co-stars Emily Meade , Anna Glover , Gary Carr , Jamie Neumann and Dominique Fishback .
The first season of The Deuce consists of eight episodes and officially premieres on Sunday , September 10th — but anyone with access to HBO NOW , GO , or On Demand , can watch the 90 minute pilot right now .
When Robertson starts their rant off by saying , `` the truth is we have a president , whose stepfather was a Muslim , '' you know he 's going down into the bowels of the hideous John Birch Society .
You remember them ? That right wing extremist group that said communists had infiltrated our government during the Cold War and almost overtook the GOP ?
They continued , `` his actual father was not an American , they were a Kenyan ... an alcohol and a womanizer ... ''
Really , Pat ?
`` Obama has visceral dislike for the standards that we have in this country ... ''
Robertson links the Muslim Brotherhood to all the other terror groups in the world , including the U.S. government when they said , `` Obama has brought the Muslim Brotherhood to the Inner circles of our government . ''
They go on to say that Obama does n't want to fight the enemy .
`` It 's shocking , it should be horrifying and it 's time the American people stand up against it , ” Robertson said . “ We 're being taken over , it 's a very subtle thing . Europe is being overrun and taken over and country after country are facing Islamic extremists and it is very hurtful. ” We have got to do something in this country , ” they added . “ We 're looking at a revolution in England and maybe looking for a revolution in this country . We 've had enough . ”
It 's the 700 Club Revolution ! ! ! ! We need your donations to fight Obama 's Muslim government !
First they came for the White House , then they came for our guns . and now they are coming for your deaths !
And you wonder why Donald Trump does so well with the Christian right .
Christian nut job James Dobson even proclaimed Trump as a born-again Christian :
When a trillion-ton iceberg broke off the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica on Wednesday , most commentators focused on the danger the event might pose to humans , but many Twitter users also voiced concern for Antarctica 's penguins . Even though there are no penguins on Larsen C itself , the continent 's birds will likely be affected by the iceberg separation . Inverse spoke to some penguin experts about possible short-term and long-term threats .
Ron Naveen , CEO and founder of the penguin-focused nonprofit Oceanites , has been studying how environmental changes impact Antarctic penguins for more than three decades . They talked Inverse through a potential short-term impact : Penguin colonies near Larsen C may have more difficulty finding food .
The two penguin species most likely to be affected in that way live within 200 miles of the place where the shelf broke off . First , there 's the emperor penguin , of which more than 2,000 adults are currently roaming on the ice by Snow Hill Island .
Emperor penguins .
Then there are the Adélie penguins , of which about 32,000 breeding pairs have nest sites on Cockburn and Seynour Islands ( they 're currently elsewhere , but will return to mate in a few months ) .
Adélie penguins .
Here are the breeding sites of those penguin colonies ( noted with blue markers ) compared to the site where the iceberg broke off ( noted with a red arrow ) :
Red arrow points to the former spot of the trillion-ton ice chunk on the Larsen C shelf . Markers , in descending order : Cockburn Island , Seymour Island , and Snow Hill Island .
When the emperors and Adélies breed on these islands , they also forage for food within range of Larsen C , “ so one immediate concern is whether there will be an impact in terms of their finding food , ” Naveen says . The emperors are breeding right now — “ male emperors are either incubating eggs , or the eggs are just hatching , with females returning back to feed the newborns ” — but Adélies wo n't be affected until they return to breed in late September or October .
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep , and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs . Buy Now
Larsen C Ice Shelf was 4th largest ice shelf in the world ( 48,600 km² ) ; having just lost 12 % of its total area , it 's now the 5th largest pic.twitter.com/YJjgrARFSa — The Antarctic Report ( @ AntarcticReport ) July 12 , 2017
Long-term issues could arise if the iceberg melts or strands onto another floating mass or land mass . Such threats could impact all five of Antarctica 's penguin species , which together make up at least 11.4 million birds .
“ As the berg melts , there could be disruption to the ocean food chain , ” Naveen tells Inverse , “ simply because of fresh water being added to the ecosystem , or the huge berg impeding penguins ' access to favored prey items . ”
Researcher Kerry-Jayne Wilson , co-author of 2016 research about a stranded iceberg that decimated Adélie penguins in Antarctica 's Commonwealth Bay , warned that a grounded iceberg could also be dangerous .
“ What is important is if and where it strands , and what follows from that standing , ” Wilson tells Inverse . “ It is possible that the new mega-berg will drift into deep water , never strand and the consequences could be minor and not affect penguins at all . However , if , as has happened twice recently , it strands in a biologically or oceanographically important area , then the consequences could be dire . ”
A satellite image of the iceberg ( bottom-left ) blocking an Adélie penguin colony in Commonwealth Bay , taken in 2016 .
In the case that Wilson studied , a grounded iceberg enclosed a colony of penguins and set them 60 kilometers away from the sea by which they had previously lived . As a result , an estimated 150,000 Adélies were unable to breed , and many eggs and chicks died .
Humans are n't the only ones who could be affected by the Larsen C separation . Some penguins may be in danger ; and unlike us , there 's not much they can do about it .
How to get featured
1 . Find feature accounts
First you need to find at least a handful of feature accounts that suits your style of photography . You can usually find accounts by looking at what hashtags your favourite Instagrammers use . Try to find accounts which have a larger amount of followers and a decent level of engagement ( likes per photo ) .
Follow them and take note of the hashtags that they use .
2 . Photographic style , subject & aesthetics
This step is very important ! Thoroughly study and take note of the type of photos they post , their aesthetic & photographic style , subject matter and the quality of their photos . They will not choose your photos to feature if they are not in line with what they post regularly .
At @ awesupply we often get a lot of submissions which have nothing to do with the theme of the account ( Travel , Adventure & Lifestyle ) , the quality of the submitted photos are not up to standard or the aesthetic style of the image just is n't right . For example , the colours of the photos we feature at AweSupply are often very natural , realistic and soft ( see above ) , however some users submit images which are super saturated and harsh - these photos will definitely never get featured .
Another reason why this step is very important is because the feature accounts audience and followers have already been proven to like this style of photo . This will increase the chances of converting them into your followers if you 're lucky enough to get featured .
3 . Submit your images
Once you have paid attention to the two steps above , you should start submitting your photos to these feature accounts to get featured . Include their hashtags in your photos captions and tag them in your photos .
Dear Reader , As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
The Jewish community of Iran is mourning the passing of its chief rabbi , Yosef Hamadani , who died Saturday , according to sources in Iran . Hamadani served as chief rabbi of the Iranian community since 1994 .
Iran has been home to one of the oldest Jewish communities in the world . Current estimates put the population of Jews in the Islamic Republic between 8,000-25,000 .
While the government openly expresses its hostility toward Israel and is a patron of several Palestinian terror factions , the remaining Jews in Iran say they are permitted to practice their religion freely.During an interview last year with CNN , Iranian-Jewish legislator Ciamak Morsadegh said “ there [ are ] no specific concern [ s ] for Iranian Jew [ s ] . ” The lot of Iranian Jews has improved over the years , Morsadegh said . “ For religious freedom , Iran is one of the most free countries. ” “ You can go to synagogue . We can have our ceremonies . We have a kosher butcher . In Tehran , there are more than 10 kosher butchers , five kosher restaurants . We have our specific school . There are today more than five Jewish schools in Tehran and our children are completely free to go to Jewish school or public school , ” the lawmaker told CNN.However , critics say Iranian Jews are unable to publicly disclose the state of their community out of fear of the ruling regime. “ While Iran does have a sizable Jewish community , it is but a shadow of its pre-revolutionary self , ” Michael Rubin wrote in Commentary Magazine last year . “ To brag that ‘ Iranian Jews have it so good ' because they 've only lost 80 percent of their population is n't something that any academic , analyst , or journalist should claim with a straight face. ” According to the Simon Wiesenthal Center , “ Between 1994 and 1997 , 11 Jews , at the time ranging from 15 years of age to 57 , were detained while attempting to cross the border from Iran into Pakistan. ” The Prime Minister 's Office recently announced the Mossad had determined that eight out of the 11 had been murdered during an attempt to reach Israel.The Iranian regime has come under censure worldwide for its Holocaust denial and for what many in the West believe to be its pursuit of nuclear weapons .
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
Three Dog is the radio host , DJ , and news anchor of the Galaxy News Radio station in the Capital Wasteland in 2277 , playing music that would have been heard on the radio in the years leading up to the Great War , as well as the immediate post-War era .
Contents show ]
Background Edit
Born to parents who made their way in the world as members of a traveling theater group , Three Dog grew up listening to rock music , resenting the government that they never knew ( but surely caused the Great War ) and fully believing in the rights of free speech and communal law . They are fully committed to `` spreading the signal '' of their radio station to anyone who will listen ; it is their duty to counter the propaganda spouted by the Enclave on their station . [ 1 ]
At some point before they discovered DC 's primary news radio , they were experimenting with Jet and stumbled across Oasis during their travels in the Capital Wasteland . They established GNR in 2272 , together with their technician and assistant Margaret . Since they began , they have been broadcasting to the Wasteland with public service announcements and music . At times they make jests at Enclave Radio , going as far as mocking President John Henry Eden 's voice .
Three-Dog believes in what they call `` fighting the Good Fight , '' which boils down to any action that opposes and antagonizes the wasteland 's various oppressors and thugs , be it raider gangs , bands of super mutants , slaving parties , Talon Company death squads or the Enclave 's soldiers . To this end , they actively cooperate with the Brotherhood of Steel , letting them use their fortified radio station as an outpost . However , they avoid direct involvement in the war effort , and instead leaves the defense of the radio station to their Brotherhood entourage . Ironically , one of the radio DJ 's friends had entrusted them with a key to a military weapons cache .
Three-Dog has been mentioned by Travis Miles , DJ for Diamond City Radio . After the Sole Survivor defeats the Institute with the help of either the Minutemen , the Brotherhood of Steel or the Railroad , Travis will say that an old friend used to tell them `` you have to fight the Good Fight . ''
Daily schedule Edit
They stay in the GNR building throughout the entire game .
Interactions with the player character Edit
Interactions overview Edit
Quests Edit
Following in Their Footsteps : Passing a Speech challenge will give immediate information about the Lone Wanderer 's father .
Galaxy News Radio : Failing , or not taking the asupervisorstioned challenge starts this side quest . If the Lone Wanderer passes that check , they can immediately reinstate conversation to have both quests running at the same time . The Wanderer can also come back later , or see them for the very first time after having made progress otherwise in the main quest to find their father James and if the Wanderer can bring support to Three Dog 's `` good fight , '' Three Dog will also give the Lone Wanderer this quest .
Should Three Dog die before they tell the Lone Wanderer to go to Rivet City at the end of the quest `` Galaxy News Radio '' starts the quest The Search Continues .
Effects of player 's actions Edit
Three Dog will comment on various actions of the Lone Wanderer through their radio broadcasts .
On Galaxy News Radio , Three Dog will constantly refer to the Lone Wanderer by their current Karma title or 101 .
Inventory Edit
Fallout 3
Fallout Shelter
Notes Edit
Evidently , their broadcasts are pre-recorded . They can be viewed at the GNR HQ , not doing anything of note , but still their public service announcements or other news can still be heard on the radio . This is further supported by the fact that they can be heard on the radio at any time during the day . Additionally , they often say in their introduction `` coming to you taped from my fortified bunker in the middle of a DC hellhole '' though they also will say `` coming to you live . ''
from my fortified bunker in the middle of a DC hellhole '' though they also will say `` coming to you live . '' If Three Dog dies , Margaret will become GNR 's broadcaster . However , they will be extremely unmotivated to do this job , and mention that Three Dog was murdered , over and over again . They will not mention the Lone Wanderer 's achievements or course of actions .
If the player character helps Roy Phillips get into Tenpenny Tower , Three Dog later refers to the `` wholesome slaughter '' of the former residents , instead of the common expression `` wholesale slaughter . ''
If the player character goes to Dr. Li in Rivet City before starting the quest Galaxy News Radio , they will instead reward the player with a key to Hamilton 's hideaway .
Three Dog 's broadcast expression can change depending on the actions of the Lone Wanderer . Should the Lone Wanderer pursue a noble , good-Karma path , Three Dog will compliment `` Nice goin ' kid ! '' at the end of an event-determined broadcast . But should the PC be on an evil , bad-Karma path , Three Dog remarks saying `` Not cool kid . Not cool at all '' or `` what 's with that , kid ? '' If the Lone Wonderer has evil Karma , Three Dog will refer to them as the worst thing to ever happen to the wasteland since radiation poisoning .
If the player character has completed a task that Three Dog comments on during a broadcast , but the player character 's overall Karma is opposite of what completion of that task would provide , Three Dog 's report will seem to refute itself . Example : If the Lone Wanderer has evil Karma but has completed Those ! by helping Bryan Wilks , Three Dog will open their monologue condemning the Lone Wanderer , then switch to praising them for their efforts in Grayditch .
Oddly , having the title `` Urban Avenger '' makes Three Dog refer to the Lone Wanderer as an `` urban defender . '' Whether this is an old title , or simply an overlooked recording mistake is unknown .
Three Dog plays the same songs over and over again because they are the only ones they could find in working condition .
Notable quotes Edit
Appearances Edit
Three Dog appears in Fallout 3 , Fallout Shelter , and is mentioned by Travis Miles as well as Robert MacCready in Fallout 4 .
Behind the scenes Edit
The name of the character Three Dog is shared by a character played by their voice actor ( Erik Dellums ) `` Dog 3 '' in the film She 's Got ta Have It .
. Erik Dellums helped develop the character , including their signature howls .
Erik Todd Dellums , Three Dog 's voice actor , had expressed interest in reprise their role in a potential future installment . [ 2 ]
Bugs Edit
PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 Broken Steel downloadable content and has not played through the part in the game before it . [ verified ]
downloadable content and has not played through the part in the game before it . PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [ verified ]
Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [ verified ]
PC Playstation 3 Xbox 360 [ verified ]
Xbox 360 [ verified ]
Gallery Edit
WITH bearded baristas and furniture cobbled together from wooden crates , Curto Café in Rio de Janeiro is a typical outpost of Brazil 's nascent hipster scene . Aficionados of its organic coffee do not pay set prices ; instead they pay what they think reasonable—or what they can afford . This , says Gabriel Magalhães , one of Curto 's founders , is less and less . Like other Brazilians , cariocas ( as Rio residents are known ) are pinching their pennies .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Brazil is suffering its worst recession since the 1930s , perhaps of all time . On June 1st the government reported that GDP contracted by 0.3 % in real terms in the first quarter of this year ; it is 5.4 % smaller than it was a year earlier ( see chart ) . Over that period GDP per person dropped by more than it did during the hyperinflationary “ lost decade ” from 1981 to 1992 , notes Alberto Ramos of Goldman Sachs , an investment bank . Over two years the number of jobless Brazilians rose from 7m to 11m . It is a “ downright depression ” , says Mr Ramos .
The task of pulling Brazil out of this morass falls to Michel Temer , who took over as interim president after the Senate voted in May to try President Dilma Rousseff on impeachment charges . Politically , their government has had a rough start . Two of the ministers in their all-white , all-male cabinet , including the one in charge of fighting corruption , had to step aside after recordings were leaked in which they appeared to criticise prosecutors ' investigation of the massive corruption scandal surrounding Petrobras , the state-controlled oil company . They say they were misinterpreted .
Mr Temer 's economic programme is faring better . Their heavyweight team , led by Henrique Meirelles , a former governor of the Central Bank , has proposed the most ambitious overhaul of Brazil 's economic governance in decades . Public spending , including on the unaffordable pension system , is to be slashed , though the government has yet to say just how . Enterprise-crushing regulations are to be lifted , starting in the oil and gas sector . Mr Meirelles says the government will consider reforming Mussolini-era labour laws and the Byzantine tax code . Privatisation , long a taboo , is a possibility for the first time since the 1990s . Such ideas are a radical break from the left-wing interventionism practised by Ms Rousseff 's government , which is largely responsible for the economic mess . They offer hope of a way out of it .
The centrepiece of Mr Temer 's plan is a constitutional amendment to freeze public spending in real terms . Even health and education—which consume more than a quarter of government revenue without providing commensurate benefits—may not be spared . The government is expected to present a draft to Congress within the next two weeks .
The idea is to cure the government of one of its principal vices . Public spending has grown by an annual average of 6 % for the past 20 years , much faster than GDP . The central government 's primary fiscal balance ( before interest payments ) went from a surplus of 2.2 % of GDP in 2010 to a deficit of 2.3 % in the year to April 2016 , the highest level yet . This , and the prospect of deficits stretching far into the future , keeps interest rates high , which further worsens the deficit . The government 's interest bill is a massive 7 % of GDP . Brazil 's high taxes thus pay for past profligacy rather than effective government .
The spending cap , if approved by majorities of three-fifths in both houses of Congress , will lead to lower deficits as soon as growth and tax revenues revive . It could help even sooner , says Arthur Carvalho of Morgan Stanley , an investment bank . That is because confidence that Brazil will reduce its debt could lower long-term interest rates , cutting the government 's interest bill . As important , the spending cap will force the government to undertake other reforms , though in the long run it may prove impossible to maintain as the population grows . Currently , the constitution and other legislation protect 90 % of spending from cuts , no matter how unproductive it is . If the government is not to breach its self-imposed ceiling , those laws will have to change .
Such prospects are already stirring hopes among unhappy entrepreneurs and investors . Bond yields have fallen from about 17 % in January to 13 % ; the cost of insuring against default is down by a third since December . With more than a third of industrial capacity idle , production could revive quickly if sentiment improves . “ In six months we may look back at today as an inflection point , ” says Marcelo Carvalho of BNP Paribas , a bank . But only if Mr Temer delivers what they have promised .
That “ will be tough ” , admits Mr Meirelles , the finance minister . They hope to enact some reforms , including the spending cap , before next year 's budget is submitted to Congress , which must happen by August 31st . With important local elections looming in October , few politicians will be in the mood to vote for less spending on schools and hospitals .
But members of Mr Temer 's team , several of whom left lucrative private-sector jobs to help rescue the economy , dispute that . They think the political and economic crisis has made both voters and members of congress more receptive to proposals for radical change . A billboard put up by the National Confederation of Industry at the airport in Brasília , the national capital , demands : “ Pension reform now ! ”
In theory , Mr Temer can count on 356 votes in the 513-seat lower house of Congress , and 56 in the 81-seat Senate , more than enough to amend the constitution . Unlike Ms Rousseff , who also enjoyed solid nominal majorities in Congress , Mr Temer knows how to charm and cajole their allies . Unencumbered by past commitments , they have more perks and patronage to offer politicians who formerly supported Ms Rousseff .
Despite watching two ministers sink into the quicksand of the Petrobras scandal , Mr Temer has managed to keep their government functioning . That may be in part because Brazilians have low expectations . A handful of other members of their cabinet are under investigation , as is Renan Calheiros , the president of the Senate and a member of Mr Temer 's Party of the Brazilian Democratic Movement , who features in the leaked recordings . But neither Congress nor the voters are demanding the toppling of Mr Temer 's government . The howls of rage from Ms Rousseff and their allies have so far had little effect .
A survey published this week by IMD , a business school , puts Brazil in last place out of 61 countries in the efficiency of its government , behind war-torn Ukraine and , astoundingly , bankrupt and autocratic Venezuela . Brazilians are not expecting moral purity from Mr Temer 's interim government , which will probably continue in office until after elections are held in 2018 . But they are hoping for relief from their economic pain . The early signs are that Mr Temer knows how to provide it .
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wayne Rooney recognises a kindred spirit in Luis Suarez .
But while they accept the Uruguayan could lead Liverpool to the club 's first title in 22 years , Rooney has warned the entire Premier League not to make the mistake of believing that Manchester United 's decline is terminal .
As a boyhood Evertonian who grew up to become Old Trafford 's favourite Scouser , the United striker is n't known for their love of anything from Anfield .
But their admiration for Suarez transcends club rivalries .
Rooney said : “ Luis Suarez is an incredible player . He 's unique in the way they play and , on current form , he 's up there with Ronaldo and Messi .
“ People say Suarez is a street footballer like me , but I 'd bet where they grew up in Uruguay was a lot tougher than where I grew up in Liverpool .
“ Anyone who knows football can see he 's got that fight and desire in him . He 'll do anything to be successful .
“ Now and then it all goes wrong for him , but as a footballer , I ca n't help but admire him .
“ If Liverpool win the league , it will be down to the fact that they are the best team in the country . No one at United will like that , but we will still have to respect them for the achievement . ”
Rooney added : “ For me , beating Liverpool is always special because of who I am and where I come from , but for a club like Manchester United it ca n't be just about ­stopping Liverpool .
“ We want to win because of what it means to us . This is a massive period . Liverpool , then Olympiakos in the Champions League [ this Wednesday ] and next week it 's the derby against Manchester City .
“ Those games will go a long way to shaping our season . We still have n't given up on fourth place and we also think the tie against Olympiakos is retrievable . But we have to be realistic . We have to beat Liverpool because we are running out of games , and if they get a result against us then the gap would probably be too big .
“ If we win , then it will give us a lot of confidence that the season is still alive . It 's a big challenge – but for as long as I 've been at Manchester United we have always relished big challenges . ”
Rooney has won five titles during a decade at United , as well as the Champions League and two League Cups .
And suggestions that the Reds could suffer the same kind of Premier League drought as ­Liverpool are beyond belief .
“ It was the end of an era when Sir Alex Ferguson left , but it was n't the end of Manchester United , ” said the striker .
“ It 's been a ­disappointing season for us so far , there 's no getting away from that , but anyone who thinks that this is the start of a decline could n't be more wrong . This is a one-off .
“ Liverpool have n't won the title since 1990 . I remember United going even longer without winning it , but that will never happen again at this club .
“ Liverpool are a great club and it 's a surprise to everyone in ­football that they have n't been champions for such a long time .
“ But that could never happen here . The sheer size of Manchester United and the fan base we have makes what has happened to Liverpool unthinkable for us .
“ This season has been a blip . There will be no more backwards steps for Manchester United . We are only looking forward . ”
Rooney added : “ It was always going to be a massive challenge for us when David Moyes came here because Sir Alex had been at the club for such a long time .
“ It was never going to be a smooth transition because we are talking about replacing the most successful manager in the game .
“ The manager was always going to need time to bring their ideas in . As players , we can understand what the manager wants from us , but we need to start executing things a lot better .
“ There 's a lot of anger and hurt inside our dressing room . We all hate seeing Manchester United so far away from the top .
“ As a group of players , we know we have n't been good enough . We are the champions , there are players at the club who have won the title numerous times and we are all hurting at the moment .
“ It 's a blow to our pride , but we all want to prove to all the doubters that it wo n't be long before Manchester United are champions again . ”
I 'm loving life under David Moyes says Rooney
( Image : Alex Livesey )
Wayne Rooney is feeling the love again .
The England striker has revealed their fear that they were being forced out of Manchester United – and the role new Old Trafford manager David Moyes played in persuading them to commit the peak years of their career to the club .
The 28-year-old Rooney admitted : “ David Moyes ' influence on me signing the new contract was absolutely massive . Certain issues did arise last season that I was n't happy about . But out of respect to Sir Alex Ferguson I wo n't talk about what went on because as far as I 'm concerned it 's all in the past .
“ When David Moyes took over they made it clear to me straight away that they wanted to draw a line under last season . And the key thing was when they assured me that they had total belief in me .
“ Just as important , they also told me things that I probably did n't want to hear . They told me I had lost something from my game and that I needed to get back to basics .
“ The boss reminded me about the player I was . They wanted to know what had happened to all my aggression . They said that I 'd lost something important from my game – and they wanted it back . ”
Rooney added : “ I want to be clear about this : I have never asked the club for any input about transfers . To suggest otherwise is crazy .
“ Who we buy and sell is nothing to do with me . It never has been and it never will . David Moyes is the manager and decisions like that are for them to make . ”
Rooney : Becoming a dad changed my life
Fatherhood has been the making of Wayne Rooney .
As David Moyes begins their search for a new Manchester United captain , their talismanic No.10 has spoken about how becoming a dad has brought a new sense of responsibility to their life .
Rooney reveals that being a doting father to sons Kai , four , and two-year-old Klay has led to even more introspection over recent years .
“ Becoming a dad has changed my life completely , ” said Rooney , who married their childhood sweetheart Coleen in a Genoese monastery almost eight years ago .
“ The responsibility that comes with being a parent is something that has really made me grow up and look at life in a totally different way . Before Kai was born , the only responsibility I felt that I had was to play football .
“ Do n't get me wrong . I 've still got the same hunger for the game . I 've still got the same passion and desire for football that I 've always had . But there is another big part of my life now that comes with being a husband and a father to Kai and Klay .
“ These days , I like to spend as much time as I can at home looking after my two lads . In that respect , I am no different to any other fella with a wife and two kids - I want what is best for them .
“ I do n't think there 's any bigger responsibility than bringing up your children , and becoming a parent really has made me realise what is important in life. ” Rooney went on : “ I 've done things in the past when I have let myself down on the pitch .
“ I remember being disappointed when I got banned for swearing into a television camera at West Ham a couple of years ago . But when I look back on that , as a parent , I realise that I have got a responsibility to set a good example . Not just for my kids , but for every kid who watches football .
“ It 's something I regret doing .
“ Listen , when I am out there on the pitch I am still giving everything I can
to win . Of course , there are times when I get caught up in the occasion . I 'm only human . But the difference now is that I understand that losing my temper and losing control affects my performance in a negative way . ”
Rooney takes Kai to football coaching sessions and will offer the same support to young Klay .
They said : “ Kai 's a bit young yet to have a big interest in football , but they go to coaching lessons and I am sure it 's something they will grow into . He 's certainly getting a different introduction to the game than I got .
“ When I was growing up in Liverpool , I learned the game playing on the streets with my mates . My kids will grow up in a different environment .
“ They will both have totally different experiences and upbringings because of the fact that I am a professional footballer . ”
* Join the 28 million fans worldwide who follow Wayne at www.waynerooney.com , on their official Facebook page and on Twitter . They are also followed by three million fans in China – a bigger following than the club 's own official sino weibo site .
Taxis in Mumbai : `` I have wept more here than I have ever in my life ... But the longer I stay , the more I seem to relax , let go , let it be . ''
Living in India is like having an intense but insane affair , writes expat Catherine Taylor
TONIGHT , as I waved my high heel in the face of a bewildered taxi driver , I thought suddenly : I am absolutely nuts in India . It 's a thought I have often . Someone or something is always going nuts , and quite often it 's me .
I was trying to get a taxi driver to take me home , a mere 500 metres away , but it was pouring with rain and my shoes were oh-so-high , and it was late . He , of course , was having none of it ; no amount of shoe-waving and sad-facing from a wild-haired firangi was changing their mind , when suddenly I remembered the magic trick - pay more than you should . `` Arre , bhai sahab , 50 rupees to Altamount Road ? Please ? '' And off we went .
Read Next
I have lived in Mumbai for almost three years . It was my choice to come - I wanted offshore experience in my media career and India was the only country looking to hire - and I wanted a change . I needed something new , exciting , thrilling , terrifying . And India gave that to me in spades . In fact , they turned it all the way up to 11 . And then they turned it up a little more .
To outsiders , living in India has a particular kind of glamour attached to it , a special sparkle that sees people crowding around me at parties . `` You live in India ? My God , really ? I could never do that . What 's it like ? '' The closest I have come to answering that question is that it 's like being in a very intense , extremely dysfunctional relationship . India and I fight , we scream , we argue , we do n't speak for days on end , but really , deep down , we love each other . She 's a strange beast , this India . They hug me , so tightly sometimes that I ca n't breathe , then they turn and punches me hard in the face , leaving me stunned . Then they hug me again , and suddenly I know everything will be all right .
They wonder why I do n't just `` know '' how things are done , why I argue with them about everything , why I judge , why I rail at injustice and then do nothing about it . They wonder how old I am , how much I earn , why I 'm not married . ( The poor census man looked at me , stunned , then asked in a faltering voice , `` But madam , if you 're not married then… who is the head of your household ? '' ) I wonder how they can stand by when small children are begging on corners , how they can let people foul up the streets so much that they are impossible to walk along , how they can allow such corruption , such injustice , such A LOT OF HONKING .
But they have taught me things . They have taught me to be brave , bold , independent , sometimes even fierce and terrifying . They have taught me to walk in another man 's chappals , and ask questions a different way when at first the answer is no . They have taught me to accept the things I can not change . They have taught me that there are always , always , two sides to every argument . And they were kind enough to let me come and stay .
They did n't make it easy though ( but then , why should she ? ) . The Foreigner Regional Registration Office , banks , mobile phone companies and rental agencies are drowning under piles of carbon paper , photocopies of passports ( I always carry a minimum of three ) and the soggy tissues of foreigners who fall to pieces in the face of maddening bureaucracy . What costs you 50 rupees one day might be 500 rupees the next , and nobody will tell you why . What you did n't need to bring yesterday , you suddenly need to bring today . Your signature does n't look like your signature . And no , we ca n't help you . Come back tomorrow and see .
It 's not easy being here , although I am spoiled by a maid who cooks for me , and a delivery service from everywhere that ensures I rarely have to wave my shoes at taxi drivers . I buy cheap flowers , trawl for gorgeous antiques , buy incredibly cheap books ; I have long , boozy brunches in five-star hotels for the price of a nice bottle of wine at home , I have a very nice roof over my head … on the face of it , it would seem I have little to complain about . But then , I am stared at constantly , I have been spat on , sexually harassed , had my ( covered ) breasts videotaped as I walked through a market , had my drink spiked , been followed countless times . I have wept more here than I have ever in my life , out of frustration , anger , loneliness , the sheer hugeness of being here . But the longer I stay , the more I seem to relax , let go , let it be .
But I do often wonder why I 'm here , especially when I 'm tired , teary and homesick , my phone has been disconnected for the 19th time despite promises it would never happen again , when it 's raining and no taxis will take me home . But then a willing ride always comes along , and we 'll turn a corner and be suddenly in the midst of some banging , crashing mad festival full of colour , where everyone is dancing behind a slow-moving truck , and I wo n't have a clue what 's going on but a mum holding a child will dance up to my window and point and smile and laugh , and I breathe out and think , really , my God , this is fantastic . This is India ! I live in India ! They hug me , they punch me , and they hug me again .
Yet I know wo n't ever belong here , not properly . I know this when I listen to girls discussing what colour blouses they should wear to their weddings - she 's Gujarati , he 's from the south , she 's wearing a Keralan sari . I know when my friends give me house-hunting advice : `` Look at the names of the people who already live there , then you 'll know what kind of building it is . '' ( Trouble is , I do n't know my Kapoors from my Kapurs , my Sippys from my Sindhis , my Khans from my Jains ) . I know this when my lovely fruit man ( who also delivers ) begs me to taste a strawberry they are holding in their grubby hands and I have to say no , I ca n't eat it , I 'll die… I know I will never belong because , as stupid as it sounds , being truly , properly Indian is in your DNA . I marvel at how incredibly well educated so many of them are , how they can all speak at least three languages and think it 's no big deal , how they fit 1000 people into a train carriage meant for 300 and all stand together quite peacefully , how they know the songs from every Hindi film ever made , how they welcome anyone and everyone ( even wild-haired , complaining firangis ) into their homes for food , and chai , and more food .
I 've seen terrible things - someone falls under a train , children with sliced-off ears , old , old men sitting in the rain nursing half-limbs while they beg , children covered in flies sleeping on the pavement , beggars with no legs weaving themselves through traffic on trolleys , men in lunghis working with their hands in tiny corridors with no fans in sky-high temperatures . I 've read heartbreaking things , of gang rapes , corruption , environmental abuse . I 've smelled that have stripped the inside of my nostrils , stepped over open sewers in markets , watched a goat being bled to death .
I 've done things of which I am ashamed , things I never thought I would do . I have slapped a starving child away , I have turned my head in annoyance when beggars have tapped repeatedly on my taxi window , I have yelled at grown men in the face . I have been pinched and pinched back , with force . I have slapped , I have hit , I have pushed . I have screamed in anger . I have , at times , not recognised myself .
I 've yelled at a man for kicking a dog , and yelled at a woman who pushed into a line ahead of me when I was n't at all in a hurry . When a teenage beggar stood at the window of my taxi , saying `` F… you madam '' over and over , I told them to go f… themselves and gave them the finger ; once on the train I let a kid keep 100 rupees as change . I am kind and I am cold-hearted , I am fair and I am mean , I am delightful and I am downright rude . I am all of these at once and I distress myself wildly over it , but somehow , India accepts me . They have no time for navel-gazing foreigners ; they just shoved everyone along a bit and made room for me . They have no time to dwell on my shortcomings , they just keeps moving along .
And then , and then . I 've been to temples where I 've sung along with old women who had no teeth , I 've held countless smiling ink-marked babies for photos , I 've had unknown aunties in saris smile and cup my face with their soft , wrinkled hands , I 've made street vendors laugh when I 've choked on their spicy food , I 've danced through the streets at Ganpati , fervently sung the national anthem ( phonetically ) in cinemas , had designers make me dresses , I 've met with CEOs and heads of companies just because I asked if I could . They hug , they punch , they hug again .
In short , I have been among the luckiest of the lucky . They keep me on my toes , Ms India , and I have been blessed that they let me stay for a while . They wanted me to succeed here and they gave me grand opportunities and endless second chances . They willed me forward like a stern parent . They welcomed me . And when I leave , because I know I will one day , I will weep , because I will miss them terribly . And because I know they wo n't even notice that I am gone .
The Israel Police 's Lahav 433 investigation team believes that there is already enough evidence to file an indictment against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the illicit gifts affair , even though is still waiting for testimony from Australian business person James Packer .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The police managed to contact Packer about the investigation and are now waiting to set a date . After interviewing Packer , the investigators plan to present their conclusions and recommendations to the attorney general .
Police sources said the recommendation to file an indictment against the prime minister would not change , regardless of what Packer says , because most of the case is based on the gifts Netanyahu received from business person Arnon Milchan , relying on their testimony and evidence provided by their assistant .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the illicit gifts case ( Photo : AFP )
However , the investigation team is still divided over what offense to charge Netanyahu with : receiving illicit benefits , fraud and breach of trust , or something else .
According to a senior police official , a series of meetings was held in recent weeks between representatives of the police and representatives of the State Attorney 's Office and the Attorney General 's Office concerning the investigations against Netanyahu .
The police claim that even though they presented their position on the state of the investigation several times , they were required by the attorney general to gather more information and evidence , the last of which included a collection of bank documents and receipts from various sources .
Arnon Milchan and Netanyahu ( Photo : Gettyimages )
According to sources involved in the investigation , the Ministry of Justice 's insistence on the testimony from Packer is currently preventing the police from concluding the investigation .
For months , the police and the prosecution had been struggling to set a date and place to interview Packer , but recently , with the help of international investigators , they were finally able to contact him .
James Packer and Netanyahu 's wife , Sara ( Photo : Gettyimages )
The police hope the investigation will be concluded in the coming days .
`` Even without their testimony , we have strong evidence , '' a source involved in the investigation said . `` We 're waiting for Packer , but we can not drag this on any longer . ''
The prosecution , though , is less convinced , demanding evidence show Netanyahu has given something in return for the gifts . Without providing something in return , they say , it may be improper conduct , but not a criminal offense .
A spokesperson on behalf of the prime minister said , `` What a surprise . What value is there to recommend charges when six months ago , it was leaked again and again that the police intends to recommend the prime minister be brought to trial ? We repeat : There will be nothing because there was nothing . ''
WASHINGTON — A congressional advisory panel sounded a warning on Wednesday about China 's military buildup , predicting Beijing could possess the largest fleet of modern submarine and combatant ships in the western Pacific by 2020 .
The U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission said China 's military modernization is altering the balance of power in the Asia-Pacific region and challenging decades of U.S. pre-eminence .
The commission advises Congress on the national security implications of the relationship between the two world powers .
The groups ' annual report also examined cyberintrusions from China , the trade and economic relationship with the U.S. , and China 's global ties .
The primary recommendation is that Congress fund shipbuilding and increase the Navy 's operational presence region in support of the Defense Department 's goal to base 60 percent of its warships in the Asia-Pacific region by 2020 , compared with about 50 percent currently .
That 's a priority of the Obama administration 's diplomatic and military rebalance to Asia after a decade of war in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The commission said it welcomes the policy , but added : “ There is growing concern among U.S. allies and partners that the Department of Defense will be unable to follow through on its commitment to the rebalance due to declining defense budget and continuing security challenges elsewhere . ”
The panel recommended that the United States improve air and maritime capabilities of allies in the region .
Last year , the Chinese Foreign Ministry accused the commission of “ indulging in Cold War mentality. ” Beijing says it has no offensive intent , and says Washington of trying to contain it .
The United States far outstrips China in military spending , but in Asia faces a greater burden in fielding forces far from its own shores .
Rep. Howard “ Buck ” McKeon , chairperson of the House Armed Services Committee , voiced concern that at a time when the military faces budget cuts , China 's military spending is increasing and its leaders want to increase combat readiness .
“ Its current pace of military modernization shows that Beijing is developing the ability to project power and influence further abroad , ” McKeon , R-Calif. , told a committee hearing .
Famed archaeologist Zahi Hawass and their team say they 've found evidence of a tomb that could belong to King Tut 's wife .
The archaeologists eventually plan to excavate the new tomb , which is located near the tomb of the pharaoh Ay ( 1327-1323 B.C . ) in Egypt 's Valley of the Kings , Hawass told Live Science .
`` We are sure there is a tomb there , but we do not know for sure to whom it belongs , '' Hawass told Live Science in an email . On July 7 , National Geographic Italia published an article in Italian suggesting that a team led by Hawass had found a new tomb in the Valley of the Kings , and Hawass confirmed that discovery to Live Science . [ See Photos of Egypt 's Valley of the Kings ]
`` We are sure there is a tomb hidden in that area because I found four foundation deposits , '' Hawass said , explaining that the foundations are `` caches or holes in the ground that were filled with votive objects such as pottery vessels , food remains and other tools as a sign that a tomb construction is being initiated . ''
Nefertiti 's tomb hiding behind King Tut 's ?
`` The ancient Egyptians usually did four or five foundation deposits whenever they started a tomb 's construction , '' Hawass said . Additionally , `` the radar did detect a substructure that could be the entrance of a tomb . ''
As for whose remains were buried there , Hawass said the tomb could belong to Ankhesenamun , who was the wife of Tutankhamun ( reign 1336-1327 B.C. ) . Ankhesenamun married Ay after King Tut died , so it 's possible that their tomb is located near Ay 's , Hawass said .
Hawass said they will direct the future excavations at the site .
Hawass was head of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities between 2002 and 2011 , and was Egypt 's first minister of state for antiquities after the post was created in January 2011 . They resigned from the post in July 2011 . Currently , Hawass is Director of the Italian expedition in the Valley of the Kings .
Original article on Live Science .
Editor 's recommendations
NEWARK — A panel that included representatives from local government , real estate and media convened Monday night to discuss the mounting economic momentum in Newark 's downtown .
And while they may not be quite sure what to call it , they all agreed on one thing : it 's happening , and happening fast .
The panel gathered at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center for a Town Hall meeting hosted by Montclair State University entitled `` Renaissance or Gentrification ? : How do we discuss redevelopment in Newark ? '' devoted to discussion on the changes afoot in Brick City , and how they are covered in the media .
Moderator Merrill Brown , the director of Montclair 's School of Communication and Media , asked the group whether they believed recent signs of revitalization , such as the opening of luxury loft apartments and plans for a Whole Foods supermarket , constituted a renaissance of Newark 's pre-riots glory days , or a Brooklyn-style `` gentrification . ''
All agreed that more dollars were already flowing through downtown than anytime in recent history , though answers were mixed on what that might mean for the city 's future as a whole .
`` From a Newarker , a lot of things have n't changed . From a business person ... we 're seeing a renaissance . There 's a true commercial renaissance in Newark , '' said Francis J. Giantomasi , a local real estate attorney and planning expert .
Deputy Mayor and Director of Housing and Economic Development Baye Adofo-Wilson echoed the sentiment , but said that Newark 's glut of vacant properties , brownfields and space for new development made it uniquely suited to avoid the kind of displacement of longtime residents associated with gentrification in cities like Brooklyn or Jersey City .
`` To me it seems sort of like a tidal wave that 's coming ... the difference is that Newark is a deeper bowl , '' they said . `` When it hits here it 's going to , sort of , it has to fill up . ''
Adofo-Wilson said local officials had already taken measures to help ensure new investment in the city would benefit residents far beyond downtown , such as requiring all new construction projects hire at least 51 percent Newarkers to complete the work .
`` If the resources do n't come into the city , then you 're right , there will be a lot of displacement , '' they said . `` If we can capture the resources that are being spent and capture them .... then it 's an opportunity for more people to benefit . ''
Panelists also chided local media for what they perceived as generally negative coverage of the city , which in turn colored residents ' views of their community .
Derek Ware , who publishes GlocallyNewark.com , said they started the blog in hopes of telling more uplifting stories they felt were being neglected by mainstream outlets .
`` We can start changing the narrative that we see . The narrative in stories are not going to be changed by anyone but us , '' they said .
The meeting 's second hour was devoted to questions from audience members , many of whom expressed concern that the city was failing to invest in its more impoverished sections , where foreclosures and underwater mortgages dominate much of the housing stock .
One speaker , James Cunningham , said they were comfortable with the idea that a wave of new residents may soon call the city home , provided that they would not be the only ones to enjoy a new era of prosperity .
`` It 's gentrification . Let 's keep it real . But it 's not a bad thing . It 's a good thing , as long as everybody 's included , '' they said .
But Akintola Hanif , a photojournalist , filmmaker and founder of Newark-based HYCIDE magazine , said the discussion needed to be moved out of downtown and the halls of academia and into the city 's less visible neighborhoods , to engage the people who might eventually stand to be adversely affected by rising rents or other economic changes .
`` When we talk about including the community , their basic needs are n't being addressed so this conversation is kind of irrelevant to them , '' Hanif said . `` I think we just need to do a little less talking and a little more listening . ''
Dan Ivers may be reached at divers @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ DanIversNJ . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
UNITED STATES - SEPTEMBER 26 : Rep. Paul Broun , R-Ga. , speaks with reporters as they leaf the House Republican Conference meeting in the basement of the Capitol on Thursday , Sept. 26 , 2013 . ( Photo By Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call )
A Republican Senate hopeful in Georgia is making the calculation that nothing gets primary voters more fired-up than free gun giveaways .
Rep. Paul Broun ( R-Ga. ) announced Wednesday that he 's launching a second assault weapon raffle in their campaign for the Senate seat being vacated by retiring Sen. Saxby Chambliss ( R-Ga. ) . In the first incarnation of the campaign stunt , Broun gave away an AR-15 ; this time , he 's upped the ante by giving contributors the choice of either a Colt Marine Corps 1911 Rail Pistol or a Colt Mag Pole 6920 Flat Dark Earth .
In an email to supporters announcing the contest , Broun tied the Senate race 's likely Democratic nominee , Michelle Nunn , to President Barack Obama and the Democratic Party 's Senate leadership .
`` Barack Obama is finally feeling the heat of their failed policies , and they are grabbing at straws to get more friends in Washington , '' the email read . `` That is why Barack & Michelle Obama , Harry Reid and the Washington Democrat machine are ferociously working to get my opponent elected to the Senate . They know Michelle Nunn will serve as a rubber stamp vote for the policies of the Obama Administration , and we can not afford to let that happen . One of the first changes they will make is to take away our 2nd Amendment rights . ''
They also stated that this giveaway was helping to protect the Second Amendment rights of the American public from gun-grabbing Democrats .
`` It 's no secret that the Democrats and liberal media would love to take away our guns and mandate every aspect of our lives , but I refuse to let them get away with that , '' they wrote .
Broun 's email claimed that `` over 100,000 patriots '' signed-up for their first giveaway , though the prize went to a Maryland resident rather than one of the voters who will decide whether to give Broun the Republican nomination in the May 20 primary .
At a candidate forum in January , one of Broun 's primary opponents , Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R-Ga. ) , called Broun 's assault weapon raffle `` a little gimmicky . '' according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution .
The steady selling of Turkish assets is fast becoming a stampede . Fearing for the country 's economic , political , and security stability , investors are quitting the country in droves .
As a result , the Turkish lira has been touching new all-time lows against the dollar in trading today ( Sept. 7 ) —with no respite in sight :
Amid the general decline in emerging-market assets , Turkey stands out for the severity of its rout . Analysts have long considered Turkey the most vulnerable of the largest developing economies to capital outflows as investors rethink their appetite towards risk given the economic slowdown in China and prospect of interest-rate hikes in the US .
But what 's really spooked investors in the country recently are concerns closer to home , namely a bout of political instability and separatist violence that puts pressure on a country already facing a tough fiscal situation .
Yesterday , Kurdish separatists killed more than a dozen Turkish soldiers in the deadliest attack on the country 's military in years . President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan responded today with airstrikes on targets linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party .
The violence comes amid political uncertainty ahead of snap elections on Nov. 1 , described by Erdoğan as a “ re-run ” of the June poll in which their party lost is majority in parliament . The president 's muscular response to security threats—against Kurdish separatists at home and ISIL militants abroad—is bolstering their party 's nationalist bonafides ahead of the vote . The government has also recently taken to detaining journalists covering the unrest in the Kurdish-majority southeast .
This article is over 2 years old
Lucia Hiriart accused of using public funds for not-for-profit women 's group to fund dictator 's battle against extradition from Britain
A Chilean judge has questioned the 94-year-old widow of the late dictator Augusto Pinochet over allegations they embezzled public funds through a not-for-profit women 's group they ran .
Lucía Hiriart is accused of using money from the foundation to fund Pinochet 's battle against extradition from Britain in the 1990s .
Investigating judge Guillermo de la Barra visited Hiriart at their luxury home in the east of the capital , Santiago .
They left the building without commenting to reporters .
De la Barra said before the visit that they would question Hiriart over the embezzlement accusations .
Latin America 's Schindler : a forgotten hero of the 20th century | Ewen MacAskill Read more
They are suspected of embezzling the proceeds from selling off real estate ceded by the state to the Cema-Chile foundation , over which they presided until a few weeks ago .
Formerly a training institution for women , the foundation provided popular backing for the Pinochet regime , under which thousands of people were abducted or killed .
After the dictatorship , Cema transformed into a lucrative property business until the embezzlement charges caught up with Hiriart .
The government is suing to recover possession of 135 public properties it says were ceded to Cema , worth about $ 120m .
Chile marked the 10th anniversary of Pinochet 's death on Saturday .
They ruled the country with an iron fist from 1973 to 1990 .
They were arrested in London in 1998 , when British magistrates ordered them to be extradited to Spain , where judges wanted to try them for human rights violations .
However , the British government eventually ordered Pinochet 's release on health grounds .
They died in 2006 without ever being brought to justice for crimes committed by their regime .
Megaupload 's former hosting company Cogent has warned that several drives , which are preserved as evidence for civil and criminal lawsuits , have become unreadable . While the data might not be lost permanently , various stakeholders including the MPAA and RIAA are urging the court to help secure the data .
As we near the 5th anniversary of the Megaupload raid , data from hundreds of the site 's servers are gathering dust around the world .
This is also true for the files that were hosted by Cogent , one of the companies where Megaupload stored its servers .
While the original machines are no longer intact , the hosting company has backed up all data which it will keep in storage pending the various lawsuits against the company and its operators .
However , the lack of progress in the various legal proceedings is n't doing the hard drives any good , something the RIAA and MPAA already hinted at earlier this year .
Not an unrealistic fear , as Cogent recently informed Megaupload and the rightsholders that half of the hard drives have now become unreadable .
“ Recently , the parties have each been advised by Cogent that it has been unable to read eight of the sixteen computer hard drives on which the Megaupload cached data have been stored , ” Megaupload informed ( pdf ) a Virginia federal court this week .
While this is a worrying message , it does n't necessarily mean that all data is lost . Cogent believes that the “ drive heads ” may be just be “ frozen ” but it has requested outside help to confirm this .
“ Without the assistance of a computer forensic expert , however , Cogent can not confirm that the data remains extant and uncorrupted , ” Megaupload writes , adding that the hosting company does n't want to pay for the expenses itself .
On previous occasions the federal court postponed decisions over how to secure the evidence stored on hard drives , but all parties would now like to see some action .
In its request to the court , Megaupload argues that either the copyright holders or the Government should pick up the tab for preserving the data . The defunct file-hosting service ca n't contribute itself , since its assets remain frozen .
Also , since the U.S. Government previously copied selected portions of the Cogent data as evidence , it now has an obligation to secure the rest as well , if only to avoid the suspicion of cherry-picking evidence .
“ Having seized control of the Carpathia servers in order to obtain ‘ selected ' portions of the data , the government has triggered its duty to preserve the remaining data because the entire data-set ‘ might be significant ' to the defense of the Criminal Action , ” Megaupload writes .
For their part the RIAA and MPAA also want to make sure that the data is preserved so have renewed their request ( pdf ) for a subpoena to obtain copies .
Alternatively , both rightsholder groups are open to bringing in an independent computer forensics vendor , to copy and preserve the data while the civil cases are on hold .
Those in private rent spending 43 per cent of their income on housing accommodation
NICOLA Sturgeon has said the Scottish Government is consulting on the introduction of rent controls to address high prices in the private-rented sector in Scotland .
During a questions session after their lecture at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) on Monday , Sturgeon was asked by a member of the audience about what the Scottish Government would do to tackle `` the housing crisis '' in Scotland , and specifically whether they would consider the introduction of rent controls , which is a cap on the prices landlords can set rents at .
Sturgeon replied the most fundamental issue was `` to build more houses '' , adding that the Scottish Government scrapped the right-to-buy scheme because it did n't make any sense to lose that investment into social housing .
They then added that the government `` were consulting '' on the issue of rent controls , saying that there was a `` strong argument for it '' .
Sturgeon added that it must be balanced with the need for `` a good and high quality supply of private sector housing '' , but rising prices were an increasing issue and therefore it was something their team was looking at .
Those in private accommodation spend an average of 43 per cent of their income on rent , compared to 29 per cent in the socially rented sector , according to Shelter . Thirty-one per cent of people in private rent say they are paying prices that are `` unaffordable '' .
Rent controls were in place from 1915-1989 in the UK after legislation was passed in the House of Commons in response to the Glasgow rent strike of 1915 .
Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government got rid of the controls in 1989 .
Since that time , private rent prices have skyrocketed , and campaigners say a cap on rents would save billions in housing benefit payments which , they argue , is effectively a subsidy for landlords .
The Living Rent Campaign in Scotland advocates a rent control systems similar to that in the Netherlands , where a points system determines the value of rent according to various factors like size , condition but also transport links and access to local services . There is a rent commission that allows complainants to challenge the rent levels set , and the rate is set annually by the government .
The Living Rent Campaign said on Facebook that Sturgeon 's comments at the LSE lecture were `` pretty positive '' .
The first minister was speaking about how the SNP could play a role in the next government of renewing Westminster 's `` crumbling '' institution . They said a minority government could force the Westminster system towards more consensual decision-making , and proposed changing the system for government budgets so that there is more time for scrutiny and consultation for MPs , like in Scotland where a draft bill has to be proposed four months in advance of the final bill .
Picture courtesy of Alan Cleaver
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
... the ... with a last week 's news of Comcast bid to take over time more on the web monopoly was back on the right up ... my next guest says that some other industries we should really be concerned about a man has a monopoly ... this already in place with me now is Christina Lamb at the salt of the recently released book in fact it was released today them Iraqi investigative look at how full Companies muscled their way to control the Americas bit Supply congratulations on the book here and here it is so ... aam ... that is ... it 's a it 's a it 's a monopoly right are saying about the Mach one a monopoly but so very few companies controlling of the very small ... gold relaunch Amana meat supply how this happened ... well it 's a great start to attack Comcast ... merger proposal what this book shows this have for the nineteen seventies eighties and nineties ... we had a similar wave of consolidation emerges that happened in the meat industry ... back in the early eighties we had a really competitive and transparent meet system ... for example the top four companies and be controlled only about twenty six percent of the market ... today after this wave of consolidation ... for companies control more than eighty five percent of the market ... so they have a tremendous amount of market power ... determine a family with and in this book shows definitively ... ton of these companies have enough market power that they can depress what they pay farmers what the same time keeping prices higher than they normally would be for consumers ... and getting the outsize profits in the middle ... not one economy to look and there 's Tyson foods and you say that they basically have ... it did get to chicken pharmacists of on the edge ... basically with living on the edge because they think suppressed down how much they try to explain ... absolutely Tyson Foods is really a pioneer of to industrialize mean system on talking about today ... and this book really started for me when I was reporting in towns where Tyson is that on an economic force in Arkansas a nice town for the prettiest ... of coal trains can make a nice plant ... and maybe one the most troubling envious as I found this book is just a Tyson treats farmers ... today ... chicken farmer might ... borrow two million dollars to build a giant industrial factory farm where they raise tens of thousands of personal time ... with the farmers under contract Tyson Foods the farmer never actually owns the birds they raise the most important asset on the farm ... Tyson delivers the feed that delivers the bird in Intel 's the farmers in exacting detail how to raise the sea and was ... what I found is that because Tyson operates as a virtual monopoly in most towns were in space ... they can put the squeeze on these farmers seeking keep their profit margins low ... I met a couple who owned a two million dollar farm who can not afford health insurance ... they could not afford that to to fix their driveway what do voters twice inside bombast ... prism leaving have summoned to say about this and say well hey we know we 've we 've ... we 've built up around we build a Tyson Brandon we 've we went out when we sell Adweek young people you expect a certain quality so ... why should we profit from it what what Messiah ... well first of all I get Tyson a chance to responds to what 's in the book of months ago almost a year ago and ... the response was short and somewhat anemic I laid out specific ... of cases ... that were in the book ... what Tyson likes to say is that they offer farmers stability with the contract and the opportunity ... to be in the meat business and roll communities were jobs are often ... few and far between ... but those arguments really fall apart when you get out onto the ground with this company operates and see how things work ... the store in this book is ... told with Tyson 's own documents its contract with farmers ... internal locking in St and and on the record interviews with farmers and company executives ... and it shows that it certainly has the monopolistic power to squeeze farmers enroll America ... and to a slow morning the Baltimore half to leave it that was so ... congratulations again on when thank you very much like their debut ... on the menu so that
Out of my way , humans ! I 'm carrying important burritos ! Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
A city lawmaker has proposed legislation banning autonomous delivery-bots . But the battle over who gets to use the sidewalk may just be getting started .
It was only a matter of time until San Francisco again became Ground Zero in a new battle between the public resources of a community and the private reach of technology companies . This week , city supervisor Norman Yee introduced a bill banning delivery robots from San Francisco 's sidewalks and streets . These delivery robots are what folks strolling around Washington , D.C. , have been seeing in recent weeks : six-wheeled boxes , roughly the size of beer coolers , ambling along city sidewalks , delivering food and other items . If passed , Yee 's legislation would halt all deliveries via robot in the city . Violators could face punishment that includes criminal penalties of up to $ 1,000 in fines or up to six months ' imprisonment . “ Our public spaces should not be commercialized , ” said Yee in a statement . “ We can not veer from our vision for San Francisco : to be walkable , accessible , and safe , especially for seniors , people with disabilities , and young children . ”
In Virginia , Idaho , and Washington , D.C. , laws have been passed allowing for and governing the use of delivery robots , and several other states are now mulling opening their streets and sidewalks . In San Francisco , the startup Marble has several delivery robots in operation . In D.C. , it 's Estonian company Starship Technologies that 's the proprietor of the 35-pound machines trundling along the sidewalks at roughly 4 miles an hour . They maneuver autonomously , using cameras , sensors , and GPS , but always with a human monitor waiting in the wings to take over in case of unfamiliar terrain , angry pedestrian attack , or some other problem . ( Starship also helped author the laws in Virginia and Idaho , effectively locking out competition from companies that make heavier delivery bots . ) The potential pedestrian hazard of having ottomon-level robots sharing the sidewalks with humans seems to be the central concern of Yee 's bill . What if grandma gets run over by a rogue wheely-bot ? “ [ The robots ] are trained not to inconvenience pedestrians and to operate in a safe and responsible manner , ” says Henry Harris-Burland , Starship VP of marketing . “ Safety and security is a priority , so they have multiple features to ensure safe operation , including alarms , tracking , cameras , and a unique locking mechanism. ” The company also points out that the service could be a boon for seniors , by delivering food or prescriptions . In an era of convenience on-demand , we may have to choose exactly how , and where , we 're willing to be inconvenienced . But there are two broader questions , tangentially related to safety , that are worth considering . The first is traffic , or the mitigation thereof . As CityLab recently wrote , the rise in e-commerce has led to more deliveries crowding city streets , which results in box trucks double-parked or parked where they 're not supposed to be , like in a bike lane . Sidewalk-bound delivery robots could be part of the solution to this digital-age urban dilemma , some experts hope .
“ A blanket ban is ludicrous , ” says Paul Mackie , communications director for the Virginia-based Mobility Lab . “ We are hitting a point where delivery freight vehicles are now taking up so much space . We 're looking at [ delivery robots ] as a way to reduce traffic. ” For organizations like Walk San Francisco , however , that 's not the point . The real question : How much of the Commons are we willing to cede to tech firms bent on disruption ? “ The sidewalks are for walking . That 's why they 're called side walks , ” says Cathy DeLuca , interim executive director of Walk SF , which strongly supports Yee 's legislation . “ I do n't think it 's asking too much to examine our public spaces and what we want to use them for. ” In other words , do n't alleviate traffic on city streets by creating more congestion on sidewalks . Unfortunately , the deeper issue—insufficient pedestrian real-estate—has already been baked into the system . “ The fundamental problem is too much space for cars and not enough for people , ” says David Levinson , University of Sydney School of Civil Engineering professor . “ If sidewalks were wider , and there were more bike lanes , the problems with low-speed robots interacting with people could be avoided most of the time. ” In an era of convenience on-demand , we may have to choose exactly how , and where , we 're willing to be inconvenienced . So far , many cities have managed to fend off the advances of Segways , hoverboards , and other conveyances that usurp sidewalk space . This latest legal standoff could be decided next month , when Yee 's bill heads to committee .
by Jason Tolbert , The Tolbert Report
HCR1011 , a resolution affirming the sovereignty of the state of Arkansas under the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was filed this afternoon by Rep. Debra Hobbs ( R-Rogers ) . The resolution goes on to say that this is to serve as â€œNotice and Demand to the federal government , as our agent , to cease and desist , effective immediately , mandates that are beyond the scope of these constitutionally delegated powers.â€
The resolution is part of a grassroots movement in state legislatures across the country as a protest to the intrusion of the federal government into state government affairs . Oklahoma recently became the first state in this movement to pass this type of resolution , HJR1003 . As many as twenty other states are reportedly considering similar resolutions to Oklahoma and actual resolutions have been introduced in Arizona , Hawaii , Montana , Michigan , Missouri , New Hampshire , and Washington .
I spoke with Rep. Jon Woods , who is co-sponsoring the bill along with Rep. Debra Hobbs and Rep. Roy Ragland . Rep. Woods helped explain to me why they felt this needed to be filed . Rep. Woods said that they â€œhave been working on this legislation since June , due to the growing trend with the Federal Government that all the answers should come within Washington , D.C. , whether itâ€™s No Child Left Behind or the Fairness Doctrine.â€
They said that the final straw was the announcement today from the chairperson of the U.S. Senate Banking Committee Chris Dodd who they may have to nationalize our banking system . Rep. Woods said , â€œThe Federal Government is the agent to the state , we are not an agent to the Federal Government . This resolution affirm that.â€
NICOLA Sturgeon has said they are “ deeply moved ” after visiting Srebrenica to pay their respects to the thousands of men and boys killed in the 1995 genocide .
Nicola Sturgeon has said they are “ deeply moved ” after visiting Srebrenica to pay their respects to the thousands of men and boys killed in the 1995 genocide .
Bosnian Muslim women sit at Potocari cemetery , outside Srebrenica . Picture : AP
The First Minister laid a wreath at the Srebrenica-Potocari Memorial cemetery in the east of Bosnia and Herzegovina and met the Mothers of Srebrenica Association .
They posted online : “ Deeply moved to visit the memorial to the victims of the Srebrenica genocide at Potocari . We must work to learn the lessons . ”
The First Minister and former moderator of the General Assembly , Very Rev Dr Lorna Hood , also met survivors and relatives of some the victims . More than 8,000 men and boys were killed on 11 July 1995 by Bosnian Serb forces amid the break-up of the former Yugoslavia – Europe 's worst atrocity since the Second World War .
Ms Sturgeon promised to visit Srebrenica after attending an event commemorating the 20th anniversary of the genocide in Edinburgh in July last year .
More than 8,000 men and boys had their lives taken from them and it is vital that what happened in Srebrenica is never forgotten NICOLA STURGEON
They said : “ More than 8,000 men and boys had their lives taken from them , and it is vital that what happened in Srebrenica , in one of Europe 's darkest chapters , is never forgotten . ”
They added : “ Scotland has long-standing links with Bosnia and Herzegovina , providing support and assistance to those in need during the conflict of the 1990s . I am keen to learn how we can use the memory of what happened at Srebrenica to help tackle intolerance and hatred wherever it occurs in the world . ”
They also visited the Potocari Memorial Centre , and the Christine Witcutt Day Care Centre , which provides care to children with special needs and was named after a volunteer with Edinburgh Direct Aid , who was killed in Sarajevo .
Ms Sturgeon met the chairperson of the Council of Ministers Denis Zvizdic , and the foreign minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina Igor Crnadak , as well as religious leaders , to hear about their efforts to overcome the legacy of war .
In the aftermath of the conflict , Scottish scientists worked in Srebrenica helping to identify the remains in mass graves and later gave evidence at The Hague during the prosecution of war crimes .
Scots have also played a key role in the International Commission on Missing Persons formerly based in Bosnia .
Dr Hood said : “ Remembering Srebrenica ( Scotland ) is delighted the First Minister has been determined to keep that promise and to support the aims of the charity to fight and challenge hatred wherever it occurs . ”
'Like ' The Scotsman on Facebook for regular updates
DOWNLOAD THE SCOTSMAN APP ON ITUNES OR GOOGLE PLAY
Getty Images
The Dolphins may be able to contain criticism of personnel moves that occurs on the record and in the team 's locker room . But they ca n't stop folks from talking off the record .
A source with knowledge of the situation tells PFT that multiple key players are “ dismayed ” by the team 's decision to trade cornerback Vontae Davis . They specifically wonder whether the team is aggressively trying to put together a winning team in 2012 .
It 's not just the decision to trade Davis . Some players are still bothered by the fact that receiver Brandon Marshall was traded , and by the reality that no meaningful effort was made to upgrade the receiver position with free agents .
And while the source did not indicate that veterans are griping about the decision to go with a rookie quarterback , the decision to bench the team MVP from 2011 and to hand the ball to a first-year player does n't contradict the appearance that the Dolphins are building for the future at the expense of the present .
It 's all creating an undercurrent of discontent that will make for an interesting final episode of Hard Knocks , which debuts next Tuesday . Some of it may also bubble up in tonight 's episode , which debuts on HBO at 10:00 p.m . ET .
Dispatches from Section 213 are coded messages sent via carrier pigeon from the critical thinkers of Staples section 213 . They will materialize from time to time with keen and insightful thoughts on a wide array of issues concerning the Clippers .
The Clippers ' last big home game of the 2014 regular season was a loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder . One week later , the game feels less like a harbinger of postseason doom than just another step in a season defined by process . Now , the team looks poised to make noise in the playoffs .
It 's a few minutes after midnight and Staples Center is deserted . L.A. Live 's towering LCD screens flash and animate silently , as though all Downtown has fallen asleep with the TV on . The only sound rising above the 110 's fuzzy hum is the metronomic beep of a yellow Caterpillar forklift . It chirps in reverse along Chick Hearn Court , lowering a concrete planter onto the ground beside a disassembled outdoor stage .
The quiet of the area is noteworthy because earlier tonight Staples was as loud as I 've ever heard it , with Chris Paul leading a dramatic comeback that came up just short against the Oklahoma City Thunder . With so many runs , violent dunks , and big shots by four of the NBA 's biggest stars , the game was a godsend for national TV , which too often this year has subjected viewers to anemic performances by the Lakers and Knicks ( because , well , scheduling is hard ) .
But for the nearly 20,000 people in attendance , it was something greater : an object lesson in the value of a live , shared experience . Clapping and moaning in unison , holding your collective breath while a shot flies through the air , making far more noise than adults ought to in public — that 's all we 're really looking for as fans . What continues to bewilder me is that so many people are finding that experience with the Clippers .
The team owns the league 's sixth longest streak of consecutive sellouts , accounting for every regular season and playoff home game since February 2 , 2011 . Not all sellouts are created equal — notice those empty purple seats that sometimes dot the crowd , especially during opening quarters — but Wednesday 's game was decidedly packed . When Darren Collison drained a fourth-quarter three following one from Kevin Durant , the volume reached a level I 'd never thought possible for fans of this team . Sure , Russell Westbrook managed to silence the crowd with two game-deciding rebounds ( one of which was followed by a vicious dunk ) , but the feeling that the team would live to fight another day was palpable .
Optimism in the face of defeat is a new emotion for Clipper fans . I 'd rarely experienced it , certainly not during the last two seasons , though there were hints of it following this year 's 116–112 loss to the Miami heat . With Chris Paul still recovering from their shoulder injury , Blake Griffin had perhaps their best NBA game . The change in reaction seemed to signify progress , unlike previous years , when a close loss to a good team was either the best-case scenario or ( more recently ) confirmation that the team had achieved good-but-not-great status .
It 's no secret what 's changed .
Much has been written about Coach Doc Rivers ' process-over-results philosophy and its effect on the team . After the Thunder loss , Rivers talked about how the game was “ emotionally hijacked ” by their team — that they wanted it too much and got in their own way .
Notice how they act as a counterweight to the team 's mercurial personalities , whether it 's Chris Paul 's prickly demeanor , or Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan 's tendency to wear their hearts on their sleeves . When they win , Rivers implores the team to be cautious , reminding them of the work that remains . When they lose , they say he 's not concerned , that it 's all part of the process . The result is a steadying effect not only on the team , but also for fans — how liberating , not to live and die by every outcome !
The last two years included plenty of success , but it was always queasy . Each loss made it harder to hide the flaws of teams that eventually fell apart . Before that ? Let 's just say I vividly recall attending games during high school where garbage-time Keith Closs was the chief reason for going .
Those memories do n't quite jibe with the packed-house passion on display last Wednesday night . Neither does the current public perception of the typical Angeleno fan : a front-runner or flake whose appearance at the game is just a ploy to snap a selfie in front of Drake , Rihanna , or one of the many other stars in attendance . And even if those generalizations are n't entirely off base , it 's noteworthy that they now apply to fans of the Clippers , as opposed to the city 's other team — let alone that there even are other Clipper fans . ( To those lifers who scoff at the newly enthused , I have to ask : Was it really better when the building was empty ? )
This is unknown territory , kind of like the wine bars and luxury lofts on 11th and 12th streets across from Staples Center and L.A. Live . Putting aside the question of whether that kind of development is good or bad for the city , those establishments are remarkable simply because they did n't use to be here .
And neither did the Clippers .
It 's natural , then , that uncertainty abounds with this team . Rivers acknowledged as much during the post-game presser . Tie loosened , brow still shining with sweat , they told a room full of reporters that they did n't really know the team 's identity yet — that they could n't :
“ I 've never been to the playoffs with them , ” they said in their mode of controlled candor that ingratiates them to the press . “ I have zero experience in a lot of ways with this group . I think we all know as a group who we are , but you still really do n't know . The playoffs have to unfold . ”
A week after that last big regular season home game of the season , the playoffs are upon us . The Clippers have logged double-digit wins over the Kings and Nuggets . And they 've fallen to the Trailblazers in a star-depleted finale reminiscent of a preseason game . In hindsight , that Thunder loss effectively cost the Clippers a realistic shot at the two-seed — setting them up for a showdown with intrastate rivals the Golden State Warriors . Whereas in previous years the knowledge of that missed opportunity would suggest that the playoffs were doomed before they 'd started , this year feels different .
“ We 're definitely tougher mentally . It 's night and day , ” said Jamal Crawford back in the locker room before the loss to the Thunder , which they missed while nursing their sore Achilles . “ Last year , I guess we were like the champion boxer : he 's really good until they get knocked down and you get to see what he 's really made of . Sometimes they get up and sometimes they do n't . This year , we 're more battle tested . ”
Whether that 's true remains to be seen . We do n't know how the team will respond to adversity — whether in the form of crafty small-ball lineups from Golden State or an unlikely return to the floor by Andrew Bogut . Nor do we know whether Rivers ' philosophy can stymie a future emotional hijacking before it even starts . But I ca n't wait to find out .
Soon enough , Staples will be filled with another 20,000 screaming fans . That 's the only sound I want to hear .
Moreover , if we 're going to talk about industry support , I think it 's worth looking at where major industry players stand with regard to reform . Democrats , meanwhile , have vilified industry—literally : Nancy Pelosi recently called health insurers `` villains '' and said that they 're `` immoral . ''
Funny , though , as Tim Carney points out , while the insurance industry is wary of a government-run public plan , which would serve as a competitor , it supports reform to the extent that it expands coverage and subsidies .
So the insurance industry , despite being labeled villains , is , for the most part , playing along . How about other major industry players ? The drug industry , represented in Washington by PhRMA , came out in favor of reform . It cut a deal with the White House up front , promising to help reduce costs and make some drugs more affordable for seniors in exchange for protection from additional measures that might cut into its revenues . President Obama , who ran an ad attacking PhRMA head Billy Tauzin during their campaign , bragged about the deal , calling the industry 's support `` a turning point '' on the road to reform . Doctors , meanwhile , represented by the AMA , have announced support for the House overhaul plan .
Deal-making is a fact of life in Washington , and knowing this , politically savvy reformers have openly sought to bring industry groups on board with their plans in hopes of avoiding the industry-funded opposition that helped tank the 1994 reform attempt . The point here , I think , is that no matter what Nancy Pelosi says about the supposed evils of the insurance industry or what harsh words Obama has for top drug industry representatives , Democrats have explicitly made major industry players partners in their legislative efforts , and industry has been basically happy to play along .
Their transfer from recently-relegated Aston Villa to apparently ambitious Everton was met with pondering rumination from all corners . In a team regarded as one of the worst in the Premier League era , Idrissa Gueye was largely overlooked . Perhaps , in hindsight , that nobody seemed to notice the Senegalese international was a good thing .
Villa were in turmoil . The players ' pitch-side arguments with fans , their unprofessional social media activity and their general in-game incompetence overshadowed any individual promise on the pitch . When Everton duly completed the £7.1m signing of Gueye , a look at their stats sparked comparisons to a Premier League winner of similar style .
Idrissa Gueye and N'Golo Kanté 's similarities
N'Golo Kanté joined Leicester for a modest fee of £5.6m in the summer of 2015 . A relatively unknown figure outside of Caen , they quickly became Leicester 's main man . Their work-rate and mobility epitomised the way Claudio Ranieri wanted their team to work . Shinji Okazaki , Jamie Vardy and Danny Drinkwater joined Kanté in covering every blade of grass through the team 's spine .
The Frenchman was winning more tackles than anyone else in the league ; more interceptions too . And the plaudits followed . Kanté was lauded as one of the best players in the league .
Second to Kanté in tackles won and interceptions made was a player at the opposite end of the league . While the Leicester man picked up a Premier League winners ' medal at the season 's end , Idrissa Gueye was dropping into the second tier of English Football .
As collectives , Leicester City and Aston Villa were worlds apart . But individually , as per the statistics , Idrissa Gueye and N'Golo Kanté were showing a remarkable resemblance . Gueye , in a Villa team that barely competed with the rest of the league , went unnoticed .
Both , though , got career-progressing moves this summer . Kanté to Chelsea for £32m and Gueye to Everton for just over £7m . Interestingly , they were spotted by the same man .
Steve Walsh , now Everton 's Director of Football , previously Leicester 's Head of Recruitment , has been credited with unearthing Kanté . It was revealed earlier in the year that Walsh was persistent in their urge for Ranieri to sign the Frenchman .
This summer , their first recommendation to Ronald Koeman was Gueye .
Four games in , not one foot wrong
Statistics often do n't tell the whole story . And though Walsh clearly has a talent for spotting hidden gems , nor can their word be taken as gospel .
But when Gueye put in a man of the match performance against Tottenham on the opening day , it was clear Everton had got themselves a bargain . They chased and harried all game long , shutting down the space in between the lines , preventing Spurs from creating chances . Dele Alli , in the number 10 position , was anonymous .
They also made six tackles , helping Everton to launch a number of counter attacks , and was commanding in the air . Gueye , at 5ft 7 ” up against Eric Dier and Victor Wanyama ( both 6ft 1 ” ) , won 100 % of their aerial duels .
Idrissa Gueye : Only N'Golo Kante made more tackles and interceptions combined in Europe 's top 5 leagues last season than Gueye ( 285 ) # EFC — WhoScored.com ( @ WhoScored ) July 26 , 2016
Their form continued through the 2-1 win against West Brom , and they even put in a performance of the same level against Yeovil Town in the EFL Cup . The professionalism to maintain their attitude and work rate against lesser opposition was impressive . Even more so after Everton fans were forced to witness a consistently lethargic team last term .
More recently against Stoke , Gueye came up against Giannelli Imbula . In what 's likely to be one of the toughest midfield battles he 'll face all season , Gueye still managed to come out on top . Making another six tackles and accumulating a 91 % pass accuracy ( Including two key passes ) , Gueye was once again instrumental in turning defence into attack .
In a team that has conceded too many goals in recent years , their role is clear . He 's there to shield the defence , close down the opposition and provide the legs for Gareth Barry . It 's only four games into their Everton career , but he 's already a fan favourite . Yet , some wider recognition could be soon on its way .
The limelight awaits
While Everton fans have raved about their new midfield maestro , those outside of the Goodison bubble wo n't yet have seen what the fuss is about . But they 're about to . In their next four Premier League games , three of them will be televised .
The Kanté comparisons might not end at their respective styles and statistics . Almost exactly one year ago , Kanté , a second half substitution , inspired Leicester to come from 2-0 down to beat Aston Villa 3-2 . Their dynamism and fight that soon became commonplace in Leicester 's XI helped turn a certain defeat into victory . It was a result that potentially set the tone for both teams ' seasons .
In a televised match on Sky Sports , Kanté not only unveiled their true ability to Foxes fans but also the rest of the country . Soon they were widely being considered as Leicester 's most important figure as they bore down on the Premier League title .
Monday night sees Everton 's first televised match in the UK , away to Sunderland . They then welcome Middlesbrough and Crystal Palace , both also televised , to Goodison Park before the month is out .
And while it 's far-fetched to even begin to contemplate Everton matching Leicester 's success of last year , individually it is not of Gueye matching Kanté . Thus far Gueye 's energy , bravery and ball-winning tendencies have been the driving force behind Everton 's fine start . No player has yet made more tackles than them ( 16 ) .
Now settled in to a team which likes to take the initiative , Gueye may finally be recognised , not as one of the first-team regulars of a team in the running for the Premier League 's worst ever , but as the lynchpin of a hard-working , aggressive Everton one .
Though every player deserves to be judged individually , any further comparisons between Idrissa Gueye and N'Golo Kanté can only be taken as the biggest of compliments . If their first month in the royal blue of Everton is anything to go by , there will be plenty more of those to come .
main photo
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of Calif. speaks to reporters outside the West Wing of the White House in Washington , Tuesday , April 1 , 2014 , following their lunch with President Barack Obama . Pelosi was asked several questions about the Affordable Care Act . ( AP Photo/Susan Walsh )
WASHINGTON -- House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) said Tuesday that if a new select committee on Benghazi is to be fair , it must have even numbers of lawmakers from both parties .
`` The panel should be equally divided between Democrats and Republicans as is done on the House Ethics Committee , '' Pelosi said in a statement . `` It should require that witnesses are called and interviewed , subpoenas are issued , and information is shared on a bipartisan basis . Only then could it be fair . ''
Asked to clarify whether Pelosi is saying Democrats wo n't participate in the committee unless they make up 50 percent of its membership , a Democratic leadership aide said , `` She 's setting a standard . We 'll see what their proposal calls for . ''
Brendan Buck , a spokesperson for House Speaker John Boehner ( R-Ohio ) , said Pelosi has n't always thought select committees needed even numbers of members from both parties to be fair . They emailed reporters a 2007 press release from then-Speaker Pelosi , when they formed a select committee on climate change . That committee had a 9-to-6 ratio , in favor of Democrats .
Boehner announced last week that they were creating the new Benghazi select committee in response to the Obama administration 's `` dismissiveness and evasion '' on the matter . On Monday , they tapped Rep. Trey Gowdy ( R-S.C. ) as its chairperson . Democrats and the White House maintain that Republicans are trying to politicize the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , in which four Americans were killed .
Gowdy threw cold water on the idea of Democrats and Republicans being equally represented on their committee , according to Fox News reporter Chad Pergram :
Gowdy on Pelosi calling for equal R/D breakdown on # benghazi cmte : We 're the majority right now . We 're the majority for a reason — Chad Pergram ( @ ChadPergram ) May 6 , 2014
Democrats are still watching to see how the committee is constructed before deciding how to proceed , but it would n't be unprecedented if they decided to boycott it altogether . As Greg Sargent of The Washington Post reports , House Democratic leaders in 2005 refused to participate in GOP-led hearings on what went wrong with the Bush administration 's response to Hurricane Katrina . Democrats argued the hearings were set up in a way to ensure that they would n't produce a serious investigation .
It 's important to note that embargo agreements and NDAs are not the same thing . In my experience NDAs usually apply to behind closed doors looks at titles far before their release . They both essentially serve the same function if you want to simplify it , both involve keeping information under wraps but the difference is that NDAs usually involve never giving out specific pieces of information on pre-release builds and embargos are designed to keep details and critique under wraps until a set time when they can be released . There 's a lot more nuance to it but that 's my experience of the differences . For instance I 'm under NDA on several in-development games , but I will then be given an embargo for the review version . With an NDA you 're usually not allowed to even mention that you 're playing the game , embargos just restrict the release of information about said game until a certain time .
The Apple 1 was one of the three big hobbyist computers that burst onto the scene in 1977 . Unlike the PET 2001 and the TRS-80 , only a couple hundred Apple 1s were ever produced , and with only a handful in existence today , you 'll have to fork out some serious money to get a Wozniak original for yourself .
The Apple 1 experience is easily emulated , of course , but this ESP8266 emulates the Apple 1 on hard mode . Dubbed the Espple by its creator [ Hrvoje Cavrak ] , it emulates the 6502-based original in all its 1-MHz glory , while providing 20-kB of RAM , a considerable upgrade over the 4-kB standard . The complete original character set is provided for that old-timey feel , and there 's a BASIC interpreter ready to go . The kicker here , though , is that the emulator is completely wireless . You telnet into the 8266 rather than connecting a keyboard directly , and video is transmitted over-the-air using a GPIO pin as a 60-MHz PAL transmitter . A short length of wire is all you need to transmit to an analog PAL TV on channel 4 ; the video below shows a little BASIC code running and a low-res version of Woz himself .
You 'll find Apple emulators aplenty around these parts , everything from an Apple ] [ on an Arduino Uno to a tiny Mac on an ESP32 . There has n't been much in the way of Apple 1 emulations , though , at least until now .
PARIS ( RNS ) A German Catholic diocese wants to take episcopal responsibility to a new level by making its disgraced former “ bishop of bling ” responsible for the 3.9 million euros ( $ 4.9 million ) in losses incurred during the luxury makeover of their residence and office .
Bishop Franz-Peter Tebartz-van Elst earned the “ bling ” label in 2013 when aides revealed they had spent 31 million euros ( $ 34 million ) — over six times the original estimate — on the stately complex opposite the Romanesque cathedral in Limburg , north of Frankfurt .
The Vatican banished them from the diocese several months later and , subsequently , quietly reassigned them to a low-profile post in the Roman Curia . They seemed to be going the way of other failed bishops , such as the few punished in the clerical sexual abuse scandals by being removed from their dioceses .
Any costs incurred in those abuse cases , such as compensation for victims , were left to the diocese to pay . Twelve U.S. dioceses overwhelmed by such claims have filed for bankruptcy protection .
The Limburg diocese , which was kept in the dark while Tebartz-van Elst paid out millions from an off-the-books fund only they controlled , has discovered the losses in the building scandal and wants its money back . It is now in discussions with the Vatican to see if and how it can make them pay .
When it opened in June 2013 , the diocese said the Saint Nicholas Diocesan Center had cost almost 10 million euros ( $ 11 million ) to build , about twice the original price .
The diocese 's finance officials , its priests council and lay leaders promptly demanded to see the bills and the media began uncovering details the secretive bishop could not explain .
It turned out no expense had been spared on restoring the center 's 16th-century “ Old Vicarage ” and erecting a stark new modernist building behind it . The complex boasted a private chapel that alone cost 2.9 million euros ( $ 3.2 million ) to build , a conference table worth 25,000 euros ( $ 27,400 ) and a free-standing bathtub in the bishop 's residence with a price tag of 15,000 euros ( $ 16,500 ) .
Wolfgang Rattay/Reuters
An aerial view shows the ensemble of the bishop 's residence in Limburg , Germany . Catholic Bishop Franz-Peter Tebartz-van Elst ordered the luxury residence and office .
After two months of uproar in parishes and the press , Pope Francis sent a senior Vatican diplomat to investigate the bishop , who clearly had n't understood the pope 's “ poor church for the poor ” message . Tebartz-van Elst was banished from their diocese that October . Only 53 at the time , they later resigned and , after several months out of sight , quietly re-emerged as an official in the Vatican 's Pontifical Council for Promoting New Evangelization .
Auxiliary Bishop Manfred Grothe , whom the Vatican appointed as an apostolic administrator for Limburg until a new bishop is chosen , has led a thorough investigation of the construction scandal and found the overall bill included 3.9 million euros of outright losses that had to be written off . Tebartz-van Elst ran up the bill by demanding late and costly changes , requiring earlier work to be scrapped , and ordering design studies that were not used .
“ The apostolic administrator has raised canon law questions and the issue of material compensation in talks at the Vatican several times , the last being in April 2015 . There will be another meeting on this topic in the autumn , ” diocesan spokesperson Stephan Schnelle said in a statement on Thursday .
“ The decision about whether payment demands can be made of the bishop emeritus , including how much and how , can only be made in cooperation with the Vatican . In principle , the Holy See is responsible in cases of legal action against a bishop . ”
Schnelle made clear that the Limburg diocese had kept the Vatican fully informed about its investigation and has not brought canon law charges against Tebartz-van Elst in a Vatican court . It was also still trying to establish the full extent of the losses written off .
The diocese was also reviewing the pension it pays its former bishop , Schnelle said , without commenting on media reports that Tebartz-van Elst received the sum of 7,000 euros ( $ 7,700 ) a month from Limburg in addition to their monthly Vatican salary of about 3,000 euros ( $ 3,300 ) . “ The pension agreement provides for an adjustment if a new salary is paid . The diocese is also discussing this with the Vatican , ” they said .
Tebartz-van Elst , a strict conservative cleric who was fined for lying under oath about another scandal concerning a first-class flight they took to India , was able to spend so much money without supervision because they took most of it from a special unreported fund that many German bishops have at their disposal .
These reserves , known as the Bischoeflicher Stuhl ( “ bishop 's chair ” ) , are diocesan nest eggs that are neither taxed nor mentioned in the annual financial reports where dioceses list how much they receive in revenues , donations and the special German church tax on parishioners .
Richer dioceses — usually in western Germany — have age-old properties , donations from former princely rulers and revenues from real estate investments tucked away in these funds that only the bishop and a few advisers have access to . Dioceses in the former communist eastern states have much less to fall back on .
Before the Limburg uproar , only two of Germany 's 27 dioceses had revealed how much wealth was hidden in their reserves . Many did n't even have full records , or undervalued their holdings because they never had to report them . But under pressure from the “ bling ” scandal , they slowly began publishing reports of their overall wealth .
Cologne , long reputed to be Germany 's richest diocese , revealed in February 2015 an overall worth of 3.35 billion euros ( $ 3.7 billion ) , more than the Vatican 's known wealth at the time . ( New Vatican financial standards have since uncovered over 1 billion euros that were previously undeclared . ) Its “ bishop 's chair ” held 166.2 million euros ( $ 181.8 million ) in 2012 .
Limburg said that its “ bishop 's chair , ” which provided most of the funds Tebartz-van Elst spent , was worth 92.5 million euros ( $ 101.2 million ) at the end of 2013 .
Figures released by the Scottish Government show that road crashes fell by 63 % in those areas where cameras were installed .
© STV
The number of people killed or seriously injured on roads where safety cameras have been installed has fallen by nearly two thirds , figures have shown .
Between 2008 and 2010 , when the cameras were enforced , the figure dropped by 63 % .
The number of people involved in personal injury collisions at the sites also fell by 49 % during the same period .
Under the Scottish Safety Camera Programme , speed and red light cameras are used at `` priority '' places , to encourage drivers to take more care on the roads .
The figures were released in December in answer to a Parliamentary Question by West Scotland MSP Stewart Maxwell .
They said : `` The introduction of the safety cameras programme is having a positive impact on cutting the number of casualties on Scotland 's roads , saving lives around the country .
`` The cost of a fatal accident is £1.85 million , a serious accident £205,000 and a slight accident is £20,000 .
`` The budget allocated to the Scottish Safety Camera Programme in 2011-2012 was £4.6 million .
`` If cameras prevent three fatal accidents this will outweigh the total cost of running the whole programme across Scotland - but we can not put a price on safety on our roads .
`` And with every accident the cameras prevent we are also saving valuable police and health resources . ''
The Scottish Government allocates £4.6 million a year to the Scottish Safety Camera Programme .
It grew out of a UK-wide pilot scheme , launched in 2000 , and now runs in the Strathclyde , Dumfries and Galloway , Tayside , North East , Fife , Lothian and Borders , and Northern areas .
— Firefighters in New Jersey continued battling two brush fires Tuesday afternoon that broke out in Secaucus and Kearny earlier in the day .
Smoke could be seen for miles as the brush fires burned , CBS2 's Elise Finch reported . Drivers could see the smoke and flames from the New Jersey Turnpike , while some homeowners could see it from their yards .
“ We saw a billow of smoke from our back porch . We could see flames coming out the bottom , but as time went on you could see the flames rising higher and higher as it got closer and closer , ” Secaucus resident Adam Mustafa said .
Check : Traffic And Transit
The National Weather Service issued a red flag warning for the entire Tri-State area . Because a combination of strong winds , low relative humidity and dry brush created ideal conditions for any small fire to spread quickly . Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli said that 's exactly what happened here .
“ Typically with these kinds of fires the main body of fire burns itself out really quick because of the lack of supply , ” they told WCBS 880 . “ A lot of these old Meadowlands were years ago dumps so you do get a lot of debris burning inside . ”
Gonnelli , who is also a volunteer firefighter , said it took more than 50 firefighters from at least six different companies to contain and extinguish the blaze . They said there was no property damage and no injuries , but estimates that at least 100 acres were charred .
“ The most difficult thing today was the wind . So these fires spread really rapidly , ” they said . “ A lot of these meadows in prior years were landfills so you 're still gon na get tires and other debris burning . Firefighters will be out here for hours still putting out hot spots . ”
Because of the fires , NJ TRANSIT train service between Newark Penn Station was temporarily suspended , and later subject to 30-minute delays in both directions .
No NJ TRANSIT trains were getting into Manhattan earlier in the day . PATH was cross-honoring at Hoboken , Newark and 33rd Street in Manhattan .
Other NJ TRANSIT lines are experiencing delays of up to 30 minutes .
Get NJ TRANSIT Updates Here
Amtrak Northeast Corridor service was suspended for about two hours between Penn Station and Newark . It was restored around 3 p.m. Tuesday , but customers were told to expect some residual delays .
Service between NWK and NYP has been restored . Customers can expect some congestion-related delays as a result of the earlier disruption . — Amtrak Northeast ( @ AmtrakNEC ) April 19 , 2016
The red flag warning is in effect until 8 p.m. Tuesday across the entire the Tri-State area . The National Weather said fires could easily spread and become difficult to extinguish because of strong winds and humidity levels as low as 20 percent .
When the sun goes down many developing countries rely upon dangerous kerosene lamps , which emit hazardous fumes and generate 190 million metric tons of CO2 each year . Seeking an eco-friendly alternative to this trend , four Harvard engineering students developed the Soccket – a soccer ball that generates and stores electricity during play . Soccer is found in just about every African country , so the energy-generating ball has great potential to encourage healthy activity while producing clean electricity to light up the night .
Photo from Soccket 's study of soccer play in Nairobi , Kenya
The Soccket was designed for use in off-grid areas where electricity for interior lighting and charging cell phones is hard to come by . The ball works by capturing kinetic energy through an inductive coil mechanism , which works in a similar manner to those flashlights that are powered by shaking . As the ball is batted about , it draws a magnet through a coil , creating current that is stored in a battery .
According to the designers , the device weighs little more than a standard soccer ball , and 15 minutes of play produces enough energy to illuminate a small LED for three hours . The students are planning to use a buy-one-give-one model ( similar to the BoGo light ) to distribute the devices , selling them in western markets to subsidize their distribution to those in need .
Here at Inhabitat we 're huge fans of designs that benefit communities , cut down on carbon emissions , and enable developing nations . The Soccket does all of that and brings fun into the mix by tapping the boundless energy of kids at play .
+ Soccket
Via Green Inc .
Lead photo : Soccket prototype from pilot study in Durban , South Africa
`` Trump makes Brexit look positively benign — still a tumor , but one that has n't metastasized yet , '' said International Emmys host Alan Cumming in their monologue , which heavily skewered the president-elect .
Shonda Rhimes stressed the importance of television as a global platform — even more so now than ever before — during the International Emmy Awards on Monday night .
`` It 's the most powerful source of communication in the world : We sit with you in your homes , you spend more hours with many of my characters than you do with members of your own family , '' said the executive producer of Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal , How to Get Away With Murder , The Catch and Still Star-Crossed upon accepting the Founders Award , presented by Scandal actor Tony Goldwyn . “ That comes with an enormous responsibility , and I take it very seriously . Words have power . TV has power . My pen has power . ”
Rhimes explained that they previously shrugged off notions that their shows ' stories were purposely written to include underrepresented communities onscreen . `` I do n't often think about it , because I have not had to . People have asked me about diversity and I 've chastised them ; people have asked me about legacy and I ignored them ; they 've talked to me about influence and I changed the subject , ” they continued . “ I 've had the luxury of living in a free and fair America where I slept peacefully under the ideals of equality and the making of a more perfect union . The ideals are still there ; whether or not we 're actually gon na live up to them is the question . ”
Because of the election of Donald Trump , Rhimes said , they will continue to write these characters , but even more consciously . `` A lot of people right now are scared , nervous or worried : people of color , any woman who values their body and their choices , LGBTQ people , immigrants , Muslims , people with disabilities , '' they said , without ever mentioning Trump by name . “ They 're afraid their voices will no longer be heard , or they believe they 're going to be silenced.… My pen has power — I 'm thinking about that . ''
The ceremony was held at the New York Hilton Midtown , the same venue where Trump celebrated their presidential election victory less than two weeks ago — a fact that host Alan Cumming pointed out at the top of their opening monologue . `` This hall was one the venue for one of the darkest , most negative nights in the history of this country .... This very stage was where Donald Trump first stood as the president-elect of the United States of America . '' They told the British nominees , `` Trump makes Brexit look positively benign — still a tumor , but one that has n't metastasized yet . ''
“ We do not have to breathe the same foul , ignorant and bigoted air that was so recently exhaled by the Cheeto Jesus , ” they continued , noting that the ballroom had been thoroughly cleansed by “ industrial loads of sage ” and multiple spiritual leaders . “ And every one of you who walks on this stage to accept an honor is also kicking away the foul spirits that once remained here . Creativity , authenticity and brilliance is tonight the vanguard of a new tomorrow .... Let 's drink to windows , not to walls . ''
Alan Cumming informs that room also hosted Trump 's election party , `` one of the darkest , most negative nights in US history . '' # iemmys pic.twitter.com/2X63gio7Iq — Ashley Lee ( @ cashleelee ) November 22 , 2016
The evening 's presenters shared their own Trump-related punchlines . Ed Schulz told the nominees visiting New York City , `` Hope you enjoyed the trip , because the next guy might not let you back in , '' and Nick Sandow joked that earlier in the day , they had a meeting with the president-elect at Trump Tower , and that he 'd been offered the position of director of the federal bureau of prisons . `` He watched the show and said I do a great job , and they like my credentials , '' said the Orange Is the New Black actor .
Damian Lewis , Peter Scolari , Bernadette Peters , Debi Mazar , Miriam Shor , Sarah Rafferty , Christina Ricci , Harry Lennix and Ben Rappaport were also among the night 's presenters . The evening continued at Forty Four at the Royalton .
Millennials and members of Generation X accounted for a larger number of votes in the 2016 elections than did Baby Boomers and older generations , marking a generational shift that is likely to influence the way both Democrats and Republicans approach a changing electorate .
A new report by Richard Fry , a labor economist at the Pew Research Center , found that those under the age of 51 — Generation X and Millennials — accounted for just shy of 70 million votes in 2016 . Baby Boomers and members of the Silent and Greatest Generations accounted for just under 68 million votes .
Baby Boomers still account for the single greatest share of the electorate . The 48.1 million votes boomers cast in 2016 represented about 35 percent of the electorate .
But the inevitable aging process is conspiring against older generations : The Silent and Greatest Generations are experiencing precipitous decline in vote share as members grow older and die . The number of Baby Boomer voters peaked at 50.1 million in the 2004 election ; the fast-growing Millennial generation still has room to expand .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The influence and clout of the Baby Boomers is waning , and Millennials are rising , ” Fry said in an interview .
Baby Boomers have been the largest single generation in the electorate since the 1984 election . But their population has long since peaked , while the number of Millennials aging into the electorate is not expected to peak until 2036 , according to Census Bureau calculations .
Generation X is nearing its peak population , too . The Census Bureau estimates members of Generation X will top out in 2018 , before mortality rates begin to overtake growth fueled by immigration .
Despite their greater numbers , Millennials have been slower than previous generations to adopt robust voting habits . Half of eligible Millennial voters turned out in 2008 , and 49 percent turned out in 2016 — far below the 69 percent of eligible Boomers and 63 percent of eligible Gen Xers who showed up .
Earlier generations have seen turnout increase as they age , and if that holds true for Millennials , millions more will show up to vote in future years .
“ The Millennial population and the Millennial electorate , they 're going to continue to grow in size . So far their turnout has n't really materialized , ” Fry said . “ We would expect their turnout to increase more as they mature . ”
The rise of the Millennial generation as a voting bloc raises hopes -- and red flags -- for Democrats . Members of that generation hold broadly more liberal views than earlier generations , and they favor Democrats by a wider margin than any other generation backs one party or the other .
Pew Research Center polling in 2016 showed Millennials favored or leaned toward Democrats by a 21-point margin . Members of Generation X favored Democrats by an 11-point margin , while Baby Boomers were evenly split and members of the Silent Generation favored Republicans by 7-point edge .
“ To the extent that they do turn out , they do tend to clearly lean Democratic , ” Fry said .
But Millennials are far less likely to align themselves with societal institutions , whether an organized religion or a trade union — or a political party . That means those younger voters may be more susceptible to overtures from the other side of the aisle than their predecessors .
This is the first post to the T & C 20 Blogs . It is my hope that this blog will provide trading and investing insights for both day traders and position traders . The frequency of my written blog posts will likely be on a weekly or biweekly schedule . In the interim between my written blog posts , I will provide a stream of relevant articles on important cryptocurrency developments .
Now , let us jump right into it .
Bitcoin . Over the past 2 years , journalists , Wall Street bankers and tech enthusiasts repeatedly tout that the `` blockchain '' is the future . The blockchain can be used for data storage , smart contracts and social media . The blockchain can revolutionize trading on Wall Street . Yada yada yada . When bitcoin is mentioned , it is merely to introduce the origin of the blockchain technology , and then is quickly dismissed . Despite this steady stream of negative press , bitcoin price continues to rise . It has risen over 90 % in the past year , from $ 457 to its current price of $ 791 . Furthermore , it has been steadily climbing for the past 3 months , now up 30 % . The number of transactions per day continues to grow . Many arguments can be made for this sustained growth . `` Bitcoin is its own asset class . '' `` It has the most powerful and secure network . '' `` It has first mover advantage . '' `` It has enough liquidity for real world use . '' Or in relation to the global economy , `` the price increase is due to financial controls in China or India , '' or `` it is due to the declining value of the Yuan . '' While it is difficult to identify the exact causal factor , what we do know is that there is a steadily greater demand for bitcoin . Importantly , this does not seem to be due to any hype as most attention from the media is guarded or negative . What I mean is this does not seem to be a product of pure speculation as was the case in the meteoric price rise in November 2013 , where bitcoin price increased from $ 200 to $ 1200 in less than a month . I believe that bitcoin is growing and will continue to increase in value over the next few months until it experiences a new wave of investors who succumb to crazed speculation . When this occurs , an exit strategy can then be employed prior to a dramatic correction . We will be here when that time comes .
So bitcoin will increase in value over the next months , but is it a good time to buy now at $ 790 ? In my experience , I have found it difficult to predict the price movements of bitcoin on a day-to-day basis , and will often refrain from making day trading predictions . Nevertheless , I am leaning toward the likelihood of a continued price rise for the following reason . The price of $ 780 seems to mark a point of resistance as this was the previous high just prior to the bitcoin halving in June 2016 . From June until just last week , this point of resistance was not met—despite the bitcoin price steadily growing closer . This critical point of resistance was just surpassed last week , marking a new price high in over 34 months . From here , the likelihood of continued price rise seems greater than the downside risk , especially when considering the proposition of a dramatic price increase over the next months . In summary , if you are already holding bitcoin from earlier prices , then you have been doing great and will likely see more good things . If not , then now might be a good time to buy .
Finally , it is important to keep an eye on the T & C Alt 20 Index . Utilizing this index , I was able to accurately predict that the altcoins were in a bear market months ago . It was at that time that I took profits from the altcoins and moved back into bitcoin , hence avoiding the massive losses some altcoins experienced while at the same time profiting in the bitcoin bull market . Over the next weeks , we will keep an eye in the T & C Alt 20 for a solid trend reversal . When we see a trend reversal whereby both bitcoin and the T & C Alt 20 are rising together , this is a good indicator that new money is moving into cryptocurrency . Moreover , altcoins tend to have dramatic price gains shortly after a bitcoin pump as new money diffuses from bitcoin into the illiquid altcoin markets . For now though , I would take caution in investing in altcoins , with the exception of Waves ... to be discussed in the next post .
A Los Angeles police sergeant was arrested Sunday on suspicion of burglary after a woman found them inside their home near the San Bernardino National Forest and sprayed them with a potent form of pepper spray that is typically used to ward off bears , authorities said .
LAPD Sgt . Lucien Daigle allegedly fled but crashed their car a few miles from the woman 's Mentone home , said San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Sgt . Paul Morrison .
Daigle reeked of pepper spray when they were approached and had valuables inside their car that belonged to the woman , Morrison said .
It was only during the booking process , Morrison said , that deputies learned that Daigle , 44 , was an LAPD sergeant .
Authorities said there is no indication that Daigle , a Highland resident , is acquainted with the victim . “ It was a burglary , ” Morrison said .
They were recently assigned to Olympic Division from Central Division where for many years they were a skid row drug expert . They have been placed on administrative leave by the LAPD . The department has launched an internal affairs probe .
Morrison said the break-in occurred sometime before 6:20 p.m. Sunday in the 8900 block of Tres Lagos Drive in Mentone , a remote community near Redlands .
The homeowner told deputies they had taken their dogs for a walk and returned to find a man inside their home , Morrison said .
“ She had sprayed the intruder with bear pepper spray . It is five times more powerful than pepper spray we use in law enforcement , ” they added .
Daigle sustained minor injuries from the traffic collision and was taken to an area hospital for treatment before they were booked . They were later released on $ 125,000 bail on Monday .
ALSO :
Conrad Murray : Judge issues another blow to defense
State agents seize nearly 93 pounds of cocaine in Bellflower
Bay Area man gets stuck in baby swing at park for nine hours
-- Richard Winton
Image : Map shows approximate location of where an LAPD sergeant allegedly robbed a home in Mentone . Source : Google Maps
The Defence Manual of Security is intended to help MoD , armed forces and intelligence personnel maintain information security in the face of hackers , journalists , foreign spies and others .
But the 2,400-page restricted document has found its way on to Wikileaks , a website that publishes anonymous leaks of sensitive information from organisations including governments , corporations and religions .
Known in the services as Joint Services Protocol 440 ( JSP 440 ) , it was published in 2001 . As Wikileaks notes , it is the document that is used as justification for the monitoring of certain websites , including Wikileaks itself .
Under the section “ Leaks of Official Information '' , it says : `` Leaks usually take the form of reports in the public media which appear to involve the unauthorised disclosure of official information ( whether protectively marked or not ) that causes political harm or embarrassment to either the UK Government or the Department concerned…
`` The threat [ of leakage ] is less likely to arise from positive acts of counter-espionage , than from leakage of information through disaffected members of staff , or as a result of the attentions of an investigative journalist , or simply by accident or carelessness . ''
The document is particularly keen to avoid the attentions of journalists , noting them as `` threats '' alongside foreign intelligence services , criminals , terrorist groups and disaffected staff .
As far as traditional espionage and intelligence threats go , the document singles out the Chinese as having `` a voracious appetite for all kinds of information ; political , military , commercial , scientific and technical . ''
However , it is `` very different to the portrayal of 'Moscow Rules ' in the novels of John Le Carre '' . The Chinese agencies do not `` run agents '' , but instead `` make friends '' , as befits intelligence officers in the Facebook era .
Wikileaks was also behind the memorable leaks of the British National Party membership list , the operating procedures at Guantanamo Bay and the secret workings of the Church of Scientology .
A significant minority of American adults have felt confused , discouraged or impatient when trying to make decisions about sharing their personal information with companies . When asked if they felt confident they understood what would be done with their personal information as they were deciding whether or not to share it , 50 % said they felt confident they understood – but 47 % said they were not confident .
These new findings are from a Pew Research Center survey in early 2015 in which people were asked about their feelings as they considered sharing personal information with companies in the “ last month ” of when the survey was conducted .
As the chart illustrates , a sizable number of U.S. adults said they were confused over information provided in company privacy policies , discouraged by the amount of effort needed to understand the implications of sharing their data , and impatient because they wanted to learn more about the information-sharing process but felt they needed to make a decision right away .
These latest results add to the picture painted by several recent surveys about Americans ' views about privacy in a number of contexts .
For instance , one Pew Research Center poll found that 91 % of adults “ agreed ” or “ strongly agreed ” that they had lost control over how personal information was collected and used by companies . Another revealed that very few Americans felt they had a great deal of control over the data that had been collected about them and how it was used . Beyond that , the surveys showed that they had low levels of trust in the government and business sectors that they associate with data collection and monitoring ; and that they had little confidence in ability of various commercial and governmental institutions to maintain the security of their personal information .
In the latest survey , there were few noteworthy differences in the responses given by different groups . Men and women were equally likely to have experienced negative emotions around sharing their personal information , and the same was true among those who are better off and less well-off financially . However , those under age 50 were a bit more likely than those 50 and older to say they have recently been impatient about providing personal information to a company ( 35 % vs. 23 % ) .
Along with asking about specific emotions they might have experienced recently , the survey also asked respondents to give a recent example in which they were asked to share personal information in return for something and to explain what they did in response .
Some of the open-ended answers to these questions highlighted the tension between the desire to protect one 's personal information versus the lure of convenience and cost savings :
I wanted a quote on automobile warranty , but the site required my phone number in addition to name and email . I do not like to get “ boiler room ” calls on my phone , so I gave an invalid phone number .
An Internet site was asking for control of my computer 's camera . I refused . They would have access to my personal space .
My car insurance offered discounts for the ability to monitor my driving . I felt it was too invasive .
I declined to enroll in a home-improvement website because their privacy policy allowed them to give my personal information to third parties . They made a verbal promise that they did not have any plans to disclose personal information , but they would not alter their privacy policy to back up their promise .
At work , we were offered the possibility to sign-up for additional disability insurance coverage . To get coverage you had to agree to answer a few questions and allow the insurance company the right to obtain whatever medical information is available and post it on an insurance company shared database , essentially making my personal history public . I declined to even consider the insurance any further .
On the other hand , others spoke of situations in which gaining access to free services or other benefits was worth the “ cost ” of sharing their information and interests :
I signed up with the hospital to get info about my family 's medical records online .
Posting of resume online for job search . Needed for visibility to employers , but also risked being available for marketers , etc . My choice was between limited exposure of information and consequently limited [ job-hiring ] potential vs. full exposure and greater potential . I chose to post .
I got a new [ gaming console ] and wanted access to the online store . I was hesitant about sharing all the information they asked for but in the end I did sign up because I wanted access to the store .
Today – I needed to get a phone number for a restaurant . Phone asked for my location . I normally decline but needed the number quickly so I agreed .
I went off Facebook for several years because I believed that all my information was being collected , and perhaps sold . I recently went back on because of the power of the social media in selling books . I could not post on my most recent book 's Facebook page without rejoining Facebook . So I did .
I was loading apps on my new smart phone that required knowledge of my present location . I loaded them [ because I ] decided that the benefits outweighed the risks .
Every phone app needs access to many things . If too intrusive or if it could collect data I am concerned about I do not download it .
After a computer crash , I agreed to send information about my activities ( on my Macbook ) leading up to the crash to Apple . While sharing what I do on my personal computer does bother me , I decided it was worth it if Apple can use the data to improve their software and patch bugs so that I would not experience similar computer crashes in the future .
Still others chose to alternate between sharing some information about themselves while faking other personal data :
For any non-essential website ( essential is my bank , credit card , insurance company , etc . ) I choose to not share my real birthday . I understand the marketing and demographic component of why they collect birthday information so I choose a fake birthday [ that ] is similar to my real birthday , but I do n't share my real birthday online with non-essential websites . This is because I 'm afraid of data breaches . I do n't like my real birthday tied to my name and other personal information because it 's one more thing that hackers can then easily get a hold of to steal identities online .
I recently wanted to get info on life insurance for my dad but needed to answer questions about myself which I answered but with wrong info and name now I 'm getting letters and calls from varies insurance companies asking for that person which does not exist . I 'm glad i did n't give my info out .
Note : For full topline results and survey methodology , click here .
Topics : Internet Activities , Online Privacy and Safety
Jordan Edwards was sitting in the passenger side of a car Saturday night when an officer shot and killed him . Police announced Tuesday they fired the officer involved .
Police in Texas shot and killed a 15-year-old boy as they were leaving a party on Saturday night , officials in Balch Springs , a Dallas suburb , said Sunday . Jordan Edwards , a first-year student at Mesquite High School , died after an officer fired multiple rounds at the car they were riding in . The car was filled with five teenagers , including Edwards and their 16-year-old brother , who were trying to leave a party after cops arrived . On Tuesday , Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber terminated Officer Roy Oliver , who was the second officer at the scene . The chief said Oliver , who has been with the department since July 2011 , violated several departmental policies , but would not elaborate on which ones . Prosecutors are still investigating and could charge Oliver , who has the right to appeal . The department had reversed their original account of the shooting on Monday , conceding that the car had been driving away when an officer shot at them with a rifle . Initially , police claimed that the vehicle had been backing up toward officers in `` an aggressive manner . ''
After reviewing dashcam footage , Haber said that it was clear the vehicle was `` moving forward as the officers approached . '' `` After viewing the video , I do n't believe that it met our core values , '' Haber said .
Guy Reynolds / AP
`` Not only have Jordan 's brothers lost their best friend ; they witnessed firsthand their violent , senseless , murder . Their young lives will forever be altered . No one , let alone young children , should witness such horrific , unexplainable , violence , '' The Edwards family said in a statement on Tuesday . In regards to releasing the footage , Officer Pedro Gonzalez told BuzzFeed News on Tuesday that the department wanted to `` release the video , but Dallas County Sheriff 's Office will be the Law Enforcement agency who makes the determination . '' On Monday , the Dallas County medical examiner 's office said that Edwards was shot with a rifle . The medical examiner also officially ruled Edwards ' death a homicide , although the ruling does not have any bearing on possible criminal charges .
Officers wielding rifles is standard In Texas , Gonzalez said , as it legal in the state for residents to openly carry rifles in public . According to police , the officers had been responding to a call about several drunk , underage `` kids '' walking around the neighborhood at around 11 p.m. Saturday , when they heard gun shots outside the party . Edwards had been leaving the party when an officer shot them through a front passenger window . They died `` from their injuries '' after being transported to a nearby hospital .
Odell Edwards Jordan ( R ) , with their brothers and father , Odell Edwards .
`` We now know the officer fired a rifle into a car filled with black teens , '' said attorney Lee Merritt , who is representing the Edwards family . `` The car posed no imminent threat to the officer and there exist no alternative justification for the use of deadly force . '' Police have not identified the officer involved , but said the officer is now on administrative leave . No officers were injured in the incident . `` On behalf of the entire Balch Springs Police Department and the city of Balch Springs , we express our deep , sincere condolences to the family , '' Haber said Sunday . `` We will continue to reach out to the parents and keep them informed as we move forward from this point . '' In an interview with BuzzFeed News Sunday night , Merritt disputed the police account of the incident . Witnesses at the party said they did not hear gunshots until after police arrived , they said , adding that the group of teens in the car were leaving the house because the gathering was getting rowdy . `` They heard police were coming and decided to leave the party . No one heard any gunfire until police arrived at the scene , '' Merritt said . They added that they spoke with the other teens in the vehicle , and that none had faced any charges for underage drinking and no weapons have been recovered at the scene .
Neighbor tells us house party that 15-y-o Jordan Edwards left was crowded w/ unsupervised drunk teens fighting befo… https : //t.co/Hwv6kFs3Dp
Merritt also took issue with the police department 's now-retracted claim that the driver was approaching officers in a threatening manner , explaining that the officer 's bullet did not come from behind the vehicle , but had `` entered the passenger side window and shattered it . ''
`` They 're insinuating that the car was backing up and threatened the officer but the injury is not consistent with that story , '' Merritt said . `` The officer was standing right there . '' Accompanied by the Edwards 's parents at a press conference Monday , Merritt asked that the Balch Springs Police Department give any dashcam or body camera footage related to the shooting . `` We are declaring war on bad policing , '' they said . `` This has happened far too often . We are tired of making the same rhetorical demands , and having the same hashtags . ''
Jasmine Crockett , another attorney at the press conference representing the Edwards family , told reporters that according to witness statements , the police officer involved in the shooting is a `` white male , '' but Balch Springs Police have yet to release the identity of the officer . Edwards ' death sparked an outcry in the community and online .
Edwards ' coaches and other Balch Springs residents packed into the police conference Sunday , demanding answers and expressing outrage , WFAA reported . View this video on YouTube youtube.com
`` He was the best running back I ever played with , '' Edwards ' football teammate Chris Cano Jr. emotionally told CBS News . `` I 'll never forget him . ''
The Women 's March also tweeted , `` There are no words . # StopKillingBlackPeople '' # JordanEdwards . They were 15 . There are no words . # StopKillingBlackPeople . https : //t.co/ZX5OoixiKY
Edwards was a good student who liked to play pool and was `` just getting into '' football , Merritt said . `` He was just a really good kid . They were leaving a house party because they thought it was getting dangerous , '' they said .
The criminal investigation will be handled by the Dallas County District Attorney 's Office and the Dallas County Sheriff 's Department . The Balch Springs Police Department will also conduct an internal review .
All content featured on our charity site is produced by young volunteers with the support and mentoring of our professional production team .
If Greece Leaves the Eurozone …
Obviously nobody knows exactly how that sentence should end , but the media is rife with speculation on it . Analysts , journalists and commenters are developing more or less elaborate scenarios to predict what would happen if Greece were to abandon the euro . Several prominent European leaders – from German finance minister Wolfgang Schäuble to European Commission President José Manuel Barroso – have mentioned the possibility of a so-called “ Grexit ” , which in itself is a dramatic development , given the blanket silence that the EU has maintained on this subject in the past .
And who could blame them , given the worrying and often confusing news coming from Greece over the past week ? After elections in which traditionally pro-EU parties lost a significant portion of their seats to both far left and right parties and multiple failed attempts to form a government , the country is now facing another round of elections in June – although it 's not clear whether they will bring a clear resolution . In this tense succession of stalemates , the chances that Greece will be able to produce a stable government which will honour the country 's international financial obligations are looking increasingly slim . There does n't seem to be many options left besides either continuing with the country 's pre-election course , or reneging on the conditions of its bail-out and leaving the eurozone .
So what would happen in that case ?
First of all , giving up the euro would mean Greece would have to adopt its own currency . This new currency would most likely come under heavy speculation by investors , as markets are aware of the Greek government 's inability to pay its debts without outside help . The result of this pressure would be high levels of inflation – a typical scenario in financial crises . High levels of inflation mean that the value of people 's savings is eroded and would add a considerable degree of uncertainty to business transactions of any kind . Some commenters have argued that Greece could let the value of the new currency stabilise and then peg it to the euro , thus being able to enjoy the benefits of a devalued currency . This would automatically make Greek exports more competitive compared to others , while also preventing inflation from continuing . However , in this scenario , the new currency would be left extremely vulnerable to speculation . Any sign of instability could make markets believe that the value at which the currency was set did not accurately reflect the economic situation and trigger massive speculation against it . With its enormous debt and limited resources , Greece would be unable to defend this value and be forced to give up the peg , inviting further inflation . Either case presents extremely difficult circumstances under which to begin the economic rebuilding of a country , and would impose further hardships on the Greek population .
The eurozone as a whole would also be affected . Spain , Portugal and Ireland would all face renewed pressure from international financial markets and would find it even more difficult to raise money as demand for their government bonds would wane . Even countries whose finances are considered stable could be put at risk , as financial markets tend not to act rationally in these situations and will likely consider the “ disease ” of the weaker eurozone countries to be contagious for the rest . A Greek exit would be a dangerous , irreversible sign to markets that the guarantees the EU has been making for eurozone countries are worthless .
What commenters tend to forget is that , at the end of the day , Greece would still require outside assistance or go bankrupt – or both . If the country sought loans from an institution like the IMF , it would have to implement the same austerity measures that the EU bail-out conditions require . If it went bankrupt , the slow painful road to recovery would be that much slower and more painful . Plagued with inflation and instability , Greece would find it extremely difficult to obtain credit or investment from anyone .
Hopefully , the Greek electorate and the government they elect in June will remember this …
MUMBAI : Across the world , India is seen as an education powerhouse — based largely on the reputation of a few islands of academic excellence such as the IITs . But scratch the glossy surface of our education system and the picture turns seriously bleak .
Fifteen-year-old Indians who were put , for the first time , on a global stage stood second to last , only beating Kyrgyzstan when tested on their reading , math and science abilities .
India ranked second last among the 73 countries that participated in the Programme for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) , conducted annually to evaluate education systems worldwide by the OECD ( Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ) Secretariat . The survey is based on two-hour tests that half a million students are put through .
China 's Shanghai province , which participated in PISA for the first time , scored the highest in reading . It also topped the charts in mathematics and science .
“ More than one-quarter of Shanghai 's 15 year olds demonstrated advanced mathematical thinking skills to solve complex problems , compared to an OECD average of just 3 % , ” noted the analysis .
The states of Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh , showpieces for education and development , were selected by the central government to participate in PISA , but their test results were damning .
15-yr-old Indians 200 points behind global topper
Tamil Nadu and Himachal , showpieces of India 's education and development , fared miserably at the Programme for International Student Asssment , conducted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Secretariat .
An analysis of the performance of the two states showed :
In math , considered India 's strong point , they finished second and third to last , beating only Kyrgyzstan
When the Indian students were asked to read English text , again Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh were better than only Kyrgyzstan . Girls were better than boysThe science results were the worst . Himachal Pradesh stood last , this time behind Kyrgyzstan . Tamil Nadu was slightly better and finished third from the bottomThe average 15-year-old Indian is over 200 points behind the global topper . Comparing scores , experts estimate that an Indian eighth grader is at the level of a South Korean third grader in math abilities or a second-year student from Shanghai when it comes to reading skills.The report said : “ In Himachal , 11 % of students are estimated to have a proficiency in reading literacy that is at or above the baseline level needed to participate effectively and productively in life . It follows that 89 % of students in Himachal are estimated to be below that baseline level. ” Clearly , India will have to ramp up its efforts and get serious about what goes on in its schools . “ Better educational outcomes are a strong predictor for future economic growth , ” OECD secretary-general Angel Gurría told The Times of India .
“ While national income and educational achievement are still related , PISA shows that two countries with similar levels of prosperity can produce very different results . This shows that an image of a world divided neatly into rich and well-educated countries and poor and badly-educated countries is now out of date . ”
In case of scientific literacy levels in TN , students were estimated to have a mean score that was below the means of all OECD countries , but better than Himachal . Experts are unsure if selecting these two states was a good idea .
Shaheen Mistry , CEO of Teach For India programme , said , “ I am glad that now there is data that lets people know how far we still have to go . ”
The Republic of Ireland will be wearing their traditional green jerseys when they take on World and European champions Spain at this summer 's European Championships in Poland .
It had been thought that they would wear their white away kit in the game at the impressive PGE Arena in Gdansk on 14 June .
However , the FAI confirmed to journalists during a trip to the stadium that Ireland would line out in their first-choice green kit even though Spain are the designated home team .
FIFA and UEFA had previously sought to avoid both teams playing in dark or light shirts , as it made it more difficult for people watching on black and white television to distinguish between the two teams .
Ireland will now only wear the away kit in the final group game against Italy in Poznan on Monday 18 June .
However , those who believe in omens will be worried at Ireland wearing white in what could be a crucial game .
Ireland have been wearing white when they have been knocked out of their past three tournaments in 1990 ( Italy ) , 1994 ( Netherlands ) and 2002 ( Spain ) .
As well as hosting the Ireland-Spain encounter , the magnificent PGE Arena will stage Spain 's other two games against Italy and Croatia , and one quarter-final on 22 June .
While some construction work around the ground has yet to be completed , the €150m amber-clad venue , representing the mining tradition in the area , is ready to go for the tournament .
The stadium was opened in September 2011 and has already hosted its first international between Poland and Germany earlier this year .
The general capacity for the European Championships has been reduced from 42,000 to 40,000 , but the steep seating will provide uninterrupted views of the action for those lucky enough to have a ticket .
Home team Lechia Gdansk will play another three games on the pitch before it is dug up at the end of the season and replaced by a new playing surface .
A stadium spokesperson confirmed that this was always the plan and the process is currently at the tendering stage .
Inside , the facilities for the players are what would be expected at this level , with the large dressing rooms , warm-up areas and even a Jacuzzi .
The PGE Arena 's chapel is also expected to be much in use during the four matches at the stadium .
The small , intimate , non-denominational chapel offers players and managers a chance to step back from the pressure of the upcoming game or reflect on a performance .
There will also be two priests on hand at the stadium for any players or managers seeking divine intervention or any match officials seeking contrition .
Sounds bad , but look at it from the feds ' perspective : How likely is it that someone would misspell , er , “ Tsarnaev ” ?
If Graham 's right then somehow , twelve years after 9/11 , we missed a budding terrorist because of a typo . Are n't passengers also required to give some sort of identifying number , be it a passport number , a driver 's license , or a SSN , before flying ? I want to know which number Tamerlan Tsarnaev gave to Aeroflot . If it was a bona fide ID number and the feds missed it , that 's … very bad . If it was a fake number ( and remember , per their Amazon wish list , they had an interest in how to make fake IDs ) , then that 's a clue that their trip to Dagestan maybe was n't for innocent purposes after all . But then , if they did n't want people knowing they were there , why 'd they use their real name ? Graham makes it sound in the clip like it was a misspelling , not an alias . Proof that Tamerlan had nothing to hide , or further evidence that they had a moronic streak ?
The family 's explanation for why Tamerlan went overseas is because they wanted to visit their father . Does that check out ? Let 's ask their aunt :
As attention focuses on Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's 6-month visit to Russia 's restive Caucasus region , an aunt said that – contrary to previous reports – they did not come to Dagestan in order to visit their father . Tsarnaev left the United States in January 2012 and arrived in Dagestan around March , Patimat Suleimanova said . Their father , Anzor Tsarnaev , only arrived in the republic in May . “ He came to become acquainted with [ Dagestan ] , ” Suleimanova said . “ He would sit at home and pray . They were learning to read the Koran . They saw relatives , friends . ”
Ed posted the following this morning but I want to re-post it because it 's a potential blockbuster yet no other media outlets have picked it up . Everyone knows by now that Russia asked the FBI to investigate Tsarnaev in 2011 . According to NBC Boston , though , they reached out to the FBI again just last year , based on intelligence they gathered on them in Dagestan — and got no reply :
A police official source in Makhachkala , Dagestan , told NBC News on Sunday that the Russian internal security service reached out to the FBI last November with some questions about Tamerlan , and handed over a copy of case file on him . Tsarnaev had first popped up on the local police radar in Dagestan last summer , the source said . During routine surveillance of an individual known to be involved in the militant Islamic underground movement , the police witnessed Tamerlan meet the latter at a Salafi mosque in Makhachkala , the police official said . It was one of six times in total that surveillance officials witnessed Tsarnaev meeting this militant at the same mosque , according to the police official . The militant contact later disappeared , the police official said , but so did Tsarnaev before investigators had a chance to speak with him . The FBI never responded , according to the Dagestani police official .
Tsarnaev 's meeting with a “ militant ” is interesting for two reasons . One , obviously , is because it hints at training . Two , less obviously , is that it pinpoints an irony in their motives : For all of their alleged interest in Chechnya , setting off bombs in America is probably counterproductive to the Chechen cause . The country 's opposition leader told Michael Moynihan this morning that the bombings are a “ gift ” to Putin because they 'll give Moscow international political cover for future crackdowns in the region . Per the Jerusalem Post , Chechen fighters are likely split about the bombings : The global-jihadis among them will cheer any attack on America , but the ones focused more on independence from Russia will worry that this complicates the cause by increasing U.S. cooperation with Putin . Tamerlan apparently fell into the first group , not the second . Otherwise they would have stayed in Dagestan and fought there , right ?
Exit question via Gabe Malor and others on Twitter : If the Tsarnaevs were granted asylum due to persecution back home , why did the father return ? And why did their son return to visit him ?
Update : The aunt 's claiming today that , despite indications to the contrary in Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's YouTube account , they were religious but never a “ fanatic. ” Good to know . Alternate theory : Maybe they just hated marathons . This is interesting , though :
Suleimanova said Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had planned to visit Makhachkala , the Dagestani city where the brothers ' parents live , in May . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev graduated from Cambridge Rindge & Latin High School in 2011 and was enrolled at the University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth .
Also :
Sen. Lindsey O. Graham ( R-S.C. ) asserted Monday that the FBI was unaware of Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's six-month visit to Russia because their name was misspelled . But there were some questions about whether the FBI 's inquiry ever reached a stage at which their name would have been fed into the master database for terrorist and other watchlists .
They are n't on a watch list , even though a foreign government contacted the feds about them two years ago specifically to warn about extremism ?
At this time next year , there 's a very good chance we 'll be talking about what an amazing facility the Houston Dynamo are getting ready to move into . Maybe we 'll be fawning over their selling out the stadium before they had even played a game . Maybe we 'll watch the final touches being put on a true architectural beauty . But that day is not today . For now , we can only give Houston credit for settling their stadium situation .
In Part 1 of this series , I explained my methodology . Rather than explain it again , I 'll just ask that you refer to that story if you have any questions about how I came up with my list . One note , this list is not supposed to be a `` who has the best stadium , '' but rather `` which team and their fans are in the best situation . '' Without further ado , here are the teams with the top 9 stadium situations :
Home Depot Center was held up as the model MLS stadium for many years , but the fact that it 's now ranked in the middle of pack says something about how far the league has come since 2003 . By the end of the 2012 season , HDC will be older than all but five MLS stadiums . Still , the biggest knock against it is n't anything to do with age , but the cost of watching a game there . The mid-priced season ticket is almost $ 200 more expensive than the next closest competitor , although as long as people are willing to pay it , maybe that 's not such a big problem . The other problem with the Galaxy 's home is its Carson , Calif. location . And again , this being Southern California , no one really expects anything to be centrally located and it does n't seem to be hurting the gate . It should be said that if any team is poised to outgrow its stadium before its 30-year expected life is up , this is a pretty good candidate . I could definitely see the Galaxy one day becoming popular enough to justify sharing a stadium with an NFL team , similar to how they 're making it work in Seattle .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 57 ( 11 ) ; Attendance - 21,473 ( 2 ) ; Long-term viability - 2033 ( 11 ) ; Soccer-suitability - 4 ( 5 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 850 ( 18 ) . Average : 9.4 .
8 . Philadelphia Union
From everything I hear , once you 're inside PPL Park , it 's a really spectacular stadium . It borders the Delaware River and provides some quality vistas and is obviously built to showcase soccer . But that does n't make it perfect . Chester , Pa. is not exactly the kind of place you want to spend an afternoon and the immediate area around the stadium is pretty dismal . The other knock is that it 's a pretty expensive place to watch a game . That said , if the stadium really does spark a resurgence in the neighborhood ( the dream of practically every suburban stadium that has ever been built ) and the area around PPL becomes just league-average walkable , the stadium would shoot up to No . 4 in our standings .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 29 ( 17 ) ; Attendance - 19,252 ( 4 ) ; Long-term viability - 2040 ( 4 ) ; Soccer-suitability - 5 ( 1 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 610 ( 16 ) . Average : 8.4 .
7 . Houston Dynamo
No one is going to pretend that Robertson Stadium is a good place for MLS , but now that the Dynamo have broke-ground on their new digs , it 's significantly less of an issue . That said , the Dynamo did a decent job of making the best of their stadium situation . They kept prices relatively low and did a good job of getting butts in seats . I fully expect them to be topping our list next year once we can start fully accounting for their new stadium .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 57 ( 11 ) ; Attendance - 17,310 ( 8 ) ; Long-term viability - 2042 ( 1 ) ; Soccer suitability - 2 ( 15 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 370 ( 2 ) . Average : 7.4 .
I 'm sure I 'll get some guff for the Sounders being so high , as people love to point out that they share their stadium with the Seahawks . But what people fail to recognize is that Qwest Field was designed , at least partially , to host soccer matches , too . Anyone who has attended a game there knows that it works almost perfectly for the Sounders , even if the FieldTurf is probably less than ideal . The bigger pluses are the near-perfect location and the fact that they 've set MLS attendance records each of their first two years . As much as some may like to poke holes in Qwest , the reality is the Sounders seem perfectly happy to be there for the foreseeable future .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 92 ( 1 ) ; Attendance - 36,173 ( 1 ) ; Long-term viability - 2032 ( 12 ) ; Soccer suitability - 3.5 ( 10 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 519 ( 12 ) . Average : 7.2 .
If I had run this little exercise during TFC 's first year in 2007 , I have no doubt they would have been No . 1 . But the four stadium situations that are ahead of BMO Field are all newer and are all cheaper , too . It will be interesting to see how strong attendance is this year after the big flap over ticket pricing this past year . Aside from that stuff , BMO really does seem to offer a great soccer experience . It 's also relatively walkable and is even expandable by about 8,000 seats if demand ever warrants it .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 75 ( 4 ) ; Attendance - 20,453 ; Long-term viability - 2037 ( 7 ) ; Soccer suitability - 4 ( 5 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 670 ( 17 ) . Average : 7.2 .
As I 've said repeatedly , I 'm not trying to make this out to be a scientific study , so you 'll have to forgive me for making some projections here , as well . Just about everyone seems to think SKC 's stadium is going to be an absolute beauty , and I 'm not going to try to throw cold water on them . Season-ticket sales are already at more than 9,000 and it does n't seem far-fetched at all to project a season average of at least 16,000 ( which would still put them below the league median ) . I did n't hold this against them , but it is not an insignificant issue that they are n't playing their first game until June 9 . Here 's hoping they 're still in the race when that time comes .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 60 ( 10 ) ; Attendance - 16,000 * ( 10 ) ; Long-term viability - 2041 ( 2 ) ; Soccer suitability - 5 ( 1 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 500 ( 11 ) . Average : 6.8 .
This is just another reminder that this list is not supposed to be a `` who 's got the best stadium '' kind of thing . While Red Bull Arena may be the current standard bearer of MLS stadiums , it is not the best situation , at least not yet . If they can ever start selling out on a regular basis , there 's a chance the Red Bulls could find themselves closer to the top spot , but right now they 'll just have to settle for Top 3 . As it is , the Red Bulls are probably under performing . Harrison , N.J. is actually not has bad of a location as you might imagine , but it 's also easy to see why MLS wants a team in the city itself . Red Bull Arena is at least an hour 's train ride from almost any of the five boroughs and It 's tough to capture that market being so far away .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 63 ( 8 ) ; Attendance - 18,441 ( 7 ) ; Long-term viability - 2040 ( 4 ) ; Soccer suitability - 5 ( 1 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 530 ( 13 ) . Average : 6.6 .
Last year marked the fourth straight year that attendance has improved in Salt Lake , and that includes three years at Rio Tinto Stadium . Considering the success the team has had over the past two seasons , they unquestionably offer the best ticket value in the entire league . Considering the stadium is just a 10-minute walk from a light-rail station that connects to downtown Salt Lake City , the location is actually even better than it seems . Maybe I could have given Rio Tinto a perfect 5 for soccer suitability , but that would n't have changed its overall ranking . I instead settled on a 4.5 there . I 'm sure an argument can be made that this is the best stadium situation in MLS , I guess I just wo n't be the one making it today .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 66 ( 7 ) ; Attendance - 17,095 ( 9 ) ; Long-term viability - 2038 ( 6 ) ; Soccer suitability - 4 ( 4 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 350 ( 1 ) . Average : 5.4 .
It probably seems unfair to grant the Timbers the No . 1 spot considering they have yet to play a match in their refurbished stadium , but a lot of the areas they excelled in really do n't have a lot to do with anything with things we do n't already know . PGE Park is located in the heart of downtown , earning a walkscore of 95 ( which comes down a bit in our scoring system because I averaged it with the transit score ) and they 've already sold more than 11,000 season tickets , so projecting 19,000 does not seem like a reach . They 've also kept prices very reasonable . I really do n't think it 's much of a stretch to call this the current best stadium situation in MLS , and I have no doubt Timbers fans will agree .
Summary ( MLS Rank ) : Location - 89 ( 2 ) ; Attendance - 19,000 ( 5 ) ; Long-term viability - 2041 ( 2 ) ; Soccer suitability - 4 ( 5 ) ; Mid-priced season ticket - $ 420 ( 7 ) . Average : 4.2 .
The Nummela , Finland , native notched a hat trick for Finnish-based Jokerit in their KHL debut in August , their first-career professional game , and has stayed hot ever since . Tolvanen is up to 31 points ( 17g-14a ) in 37 games . The left wing 's next point will tie them for the most in KHL history for an 18-year-old .
Tolvanen , the Preds first-round pick in the NHL Draft earlier this year , is on the verge of securing the highest-scoring season the KHL has ever seen from an 18-year-old . And the season is only two-thirds over .
With the way this 18-year-old is tearing up the Kontinental Hockey League this season , Nashville Predators fans should familiarize themselves with the name Eeli Tolvanen .
Evgeny Kuznetsov , now an all-star forward with the Washington Capitals , tallied 32 points ( 17g-15a ) in 44 games during their 2010-11 KHL season at 18 .
`` Tolvanen is one of the top scorers in the KHL and for an 18-year-old , that 's impressive , '' Predators Assistant General Manager Paul Fenton said . `` The way they approach the game with the scorer 's mentality is exactly what we 're looking for . ''
Video : Predators draft F Eeli Tolvanen No . 30
The Preds selected Tolvanen with the 30th overall pick in June 's Draft after their two successful seasons playing for the United States Hockey League 's Sioux City Musketeers . They posted 54 points ( 30g-24a ) in 52 games in the USHL in 2016-17 . They also had six points ( 2g-4a ) in six tournament games while representing Finland at the World Junior Championship .
Tolvanen has flourished in the KHL - considered to be one of the top leagues in the world outside of the NHL . Their 17 goals are the fourth most in the league , and he 's twice posted hat tricks , the first one making them the youngest to-do so in league history ( 18 years , 123 days ) .
Tolvanen has already twice been named KHL Rookie of the Month in September and October . He 's drawn four Rookie of the Week honors and one Forward of the Week award as well . Earlier this month , the skater was named a starter for the KHL All-Star Game in early 2018 .
`` His future is bright with us , no question , whether it 's this year , next year or the following year , '' Fenton said . `` Our scouts did a tremendous job being able to find them at 30 last year . ''
Former Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke is expected to take a job in the Trump administration after resigning Thursday , a report says .
The tough-talking conservative will likely be serving in the White House , in a role that wo n't require confirmation from the Senate , according to Politico .
Sources told the outlet that this is because their nomination would surely face opposition from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle .
Clarke , known for their cowboy hat and no-holds-barred attitude , has been an outspoken social media user and avid supporter of President Trump .
He 's been very vocal in the past about gun rights , the Black Lives Matter movement and illegal immigration — regularly speaking on television about the issues .
“ Stop trying to fix the police . Fix the ghetto , ” Clarke has said on numerous occasions , in reference to previous calls from President Barack Obama to reform law enforcement practices .
On Thursday , Milwaukee County officials said they received a resignation letter from Clarke — but the document did n't mention why they were leaving office , with more than a year left on their term .
The sheriff instead referred questions to an email address , which they used to address the Politico report .
“ Will talk about my future plans next week , ” Clarke said in an email .
The 61-year-old had been under consideration for a job at the Department of Homeland Security — and even announced in May that they had taken it . But the agency never confirmed it and they later claimed that they withdrew their name from contention .
It 's impossible to examine yesterday 's incredible victories as anything but confirmation that votes have finally caught up with polls and a majority of Americans now supports marriage equality . That is , of course , except for the National Organization for Marriage — the chief opponents of equality — who woke up today as convinced as ever that nothing is changing among public sentiment . Here is how NOM President Brian Brown responsed today :
BROWN : Despite the fact that NOM was able to contribute a record amount to the campaigns ( over $ 5.5 million ) , we were still heavily outspent , by a margin of at least four-to-one . We were fighting the entirety of the political establishment in most of the states , including sitting governors in three of the states who campaigned heavily for gay marriage . Our opponents and some in the media will attempt to portray the election results as a changing point in how Americans view gay marriage , but that is not the case . Americans remain strongly in favor of marriage as the union of one man and one woman . The election results reflect the political and funding advantages our opponents enjoyed in these very liberal states .
Brown 's response is fairly insulting to voters , insinuating that money alone can change hearts and minds . As Nathaniel Frank points out today , these marriage equality victories reflect a successful new campaign approach to help straight voters better understand how to relate to their gay friends , family , and neighbors . In contrast , NOM relied on its traditional scare tactics , which newspapers across the country vehemently debunked and decried . NOM is not just on the losing side of a money fight , but of an ideas fight too .
NOM will likely never give up on its anti-gay principles , but every day it stands by them is another day it is out of touch with reality . If four public votes , many huge corporations , and several prominent political leaders are not evidence enough to convince NOM that it 's on the wrong side of history , nothing will .
FILE PHOTO - The alleged on-going land reclamation of China at Subi reef is seen from Pagasa island ( Thitu Island ) in the Spratlys group of islands in the South China Sea , west of Palawan , Philippines , May 11 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ritchie B. Tongo/Pool/File Photo TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China will hold military drills around the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea , the maritime safety administration said on Sunday , ahead of a decision by an international court in a dispute between China and the Philippines .
China routinely carries out exercises in the South China Sea , where its territorial claims overlap in parts with Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan .
Tensions have been rising ahead of a July 12 ruling by an arbitration court hearing the dispute between China and the Philippines over the South China Sea in the Dutch city of The Hague .
In a brief online statement , China 's maritime safety administration said the drills would take place from July 5-11 , and gave coordinates for the drills that cover an area from the east of China 's Hainan island down to and including the Paracels .
Other ships are prohibited from entering those waters during that time , it said , without further elaboration .
The Paracels are also claimed by Vietnam and Taiwan .
China has built a runway on Woody Island , the site of the largest Chinese presence on the Paracels , and placed surface-to-air missiles there , according to U.S. officials .
China says it is perfectly within its rights to do what it wants on the islands in the South China Sea , saying they have been Chinese territory since ancient times .
About $ 5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year though the energy-rich , strategic waters of the South China Sea .
Hot on the heels of a bombastic season finale , the ark hunters of the Bay Area are about to be faced with seven new missions spanning all over Silicon Valley and Paradise . The Pilgrims of the Guiding Light reveal their final move , and the world is put in jeopardy once again . The assassin , Nujekpe , closes in on their prey , Eren Niden , and the criminal Melak Vor reveals a new plan to launch a war between what remains of the Earth Republic and Votanis Collective .
With this healthy serving of new mission content comes a slew of new pursuits , contracts , and events . The whole of Silicon Valley is under siege from Grid , Pilgrims , and Hellbugs ; only the ark hunters can put a stop to these nefarious invasions . New enemies also pour into the bay with the Grid brining out their largest unit yet : The Inquisitor . These three-meter-tall monstrosities act as mobile artillery platforms . Deep within the three new story mission maps , the ark hunters will also face down Votanis Assassins and even face off with a new kind of Pilgrim zealot .
Seven new missions
Four new enemies
New Pursuits
New contracts
As part of our continuing improvements to quality of life , we 're also adding a mission replay for our season 2 missions and matchmaking options for the season 2 mission maps . Additionally , we 've refined the difficulty settings for co-op maps so that high rating characters will be brought in line with the power curve of low difficulty maps . This way experienced players may join their friends in standard and expert instances without negating the challenge and fun of those maps .
Do you have what it takes to face the perils of The Aftermath ?
Discuss this article on the forums .
NEW YORK -- President Barack Obama met Tuesday with a small group of conservative reporters , columnists and commentators at the White House for an off-the-record discussion .
The group , according to a source familiar with the meeting , included Wall Street Journal editorial page editor Paul Gigot , National Review Washington editor Robert Costa , Washington Examiner columnist Byron York , syndicated columnist Kathleen Parker and Washington Post columnist and Fox News contributor Charles Krauthammer .
The meeting took place shortly after Obama held a White House press conference in the briefing room Tuesday afternoon . For over an hour , Obama fielded questions from White House reporters , with the focus on the government shutdown and looming debt default . Later , they met with the conservative journalists for 90 minutes in the Roosevelt Room .
Costa tweeted afterward that it was an honor to meet with Obama , but did not elaborate on the discussion . Given the off-the-record ground rules , it 's unlikely that attendees will discuss exactly what was said .
White House Press Secretary Jay Carney thanked Costa on Twitter for coming by the White House , but in an email to HuffPost declined to discuss the meeting or its attendees .
`` In addition to giving press conferences and interviews , the President meets on occasion with groups of reporters and columnists for off-the-record discussions , '' Carney said . `` We do n't provide lists of participants . ''
Obama has met numerous times with opinion leaders , from newspaper columnists to cable news hosts , in order to get their administration 's point of view across in a private setting . The groups often include mostly liberal or moderate media figures .
In August , Obama sat down with several members of the New York Times editorial board and some of the paper 's top columnists , including conservatives David Brooks and Ross Douthat .
And Obama broke bread with several conservative media figures just prior to taking office in January 2009 . That dinner , which took place at conservative columnist George Will 's house , included Krauthammer , Gigot , Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol and National Review editor Rich Lowry .
Obama presumably has more time than usual this week to field questions from journalists given that their planned trip to Asia was called off due to the shutdown . The Los Angeles Times reported Tuesday that the president has had to improvise their schedule , since many White House staffers are furloughed and there are fewer opportunities to hold events . As a result , Obama has provided more access than usual to the press .
It 's time to get medical grade cannabis out of the bogeyman 's realm and into the hands of patients . The bogeyman in this case is comprised of the following types of beliefs :
that cannabis is evil or dangerous
that THC is the only useful chemical component in cannabis
that pharmaceutical science with one hand tied behind its back ( courtesy of the DEA ) is capable of studying , and understanding the complex chemicals ( and their interactions ) in each and every plant and when taken by each and every patient in a repeatable predictive scale
that the same simplistic pharmaceutical science that was applied to the foxglove plant , which yielded digitalis , a heart medicine , can be applied to the much more complex and less understood female cannabis plant
At this point in our scientific understanding , this type of thinking belongs in the museum with the ancient meme of natives shaking rattles . It 's something for us to gently teach our children…that “ people actually used to believe this stuff ” . But it certainly should have no basis for legislation or regulation of any kind .
Scenario : Patients and caregivers grow their own cannabis medicine , using different strains . Each strain has slightly different chemical percentages of the many cannabis components . The global network we call the Internet facilitates the exchange of knowledge and ideas so that everyone can learn from each others success and mistakes . The normal human bell curve of some people making dumb mistakes while others have success occurs . No one dies . Some people may repeat the mistakes of others , not having the facilities to learn from others . Some may spend a little money , some a lot . Some may be caregivers to medical cannabis patients , some may be growing for themselves .
Techniques for processing the dried plant matter into a wide array of edibles , oils , tinctures , or for smoking and vaping are discussed , perfected and the knowledge is shared for the benefit of all .
Scenario : Pharmaceutical company takes a medical marijuana strain , analyzes and isolates the chemical chain we call THC . In secrecy ( fearing industrial espionage — think of the money they could lose ! ) they create an artificial molecule that looks just like the plant-derived THC . FDA clinical trials , etc . are followed by selected patients using the artificial THC . Problem : A number of patients given the artificial THC die .
Of course , that first scenario is what we 'd like to see , while that second scenario has actually already happened .
Sure , the idea of patients dealing with plant material of varying strength , quality , and effects is inherently far “ messier ” than the concept of uniform pills being doled out to everyone equally…but it 's also far safer and more effective . Standalone THC as a useful medicine is only true for a relatively small number of cases and conditions , while the cannabis plant has been shown to work for millions of people across the world without a single death .
So do we want to save lives , health , and money…or keep wasting them ?
THQ Nordic announced that it 's partnering with Microsoft Studios and 343 Industries to bring Halo Wars 2 for Windows 10 to retail stores worldwide via physical packaging release . In addition , purchases of the physical retail release of Halo Wars 2 on Windows 10 PC will grant digital access to the Xbox One version via Xbox Play Anywhere .
Both the Standard and Ultimate Edition of Halo Wars 2 will be available at retail stores with high-quality packaging . The physical retail release of Halo Wars 2 Ultimate Edition is stunning and provides fans with four-day early access to the core game , a Season Pass and Halo Wars : Definitive Edition , an enhanced version of the original Halo Wars that is playable on both Windows 10 and Xbox One as an Xbox Play Anywhere title .
Lars Wingefors , founder & Group CEO of THQ Nordic , said :
“ After working on so many titles together with Microsoft in 2016 , we are stoked to start the year with another partnership . Being able to deliver such a big franchise to RTS and Halo fans alike , the opportunity to buy and own this game in a beautiful physical shape is something we appreciate a lot . ”
343 Industries Studio Head of Strategy Games Development Dan Ayoub , added :
“ For fans who love to own the box , we 're excited to partner with THQ Nordic and bring Halo Wars 2 to physical release on Windows 10 . THQ Nordic has been great to work with and we look forward to the game 's release on Feb. 21 , 2017 . ”
The fireworks are over and the grill has cooled , but if you 're still feeling patriotic after July 4th , here 's a challenge : See how well you can draw the outlines of all 50 states from memory .
The following interactive quiz will prompt you to draw one randomly selected state at a time . Once you 're finished sketching the outline with your mouse or finger , we 'll compare your version to the actual boundaries and give you a letter grade as feedback . The algorithm that we wrote to compare your shape to the actual one is forgiving of differences in minor undulations of the borders , so you only need to focus on drawing the overall contours of the state . Grades are slightly curved to be more lenient on highly complex borders .
Do n't despair if some of your grades are n't quite what you were used to in geography class — some states are much more difficult than others . To help you out , this feature will scale your drawing to match the actual state , so there is no need to use the entire canvas . As you draw each state ( plus Washington , D.C. ) , it will be added to the map below the canvas in that state 's correct location and dimensions —regardless of how well it resembles the real thing . And when you 're done , check out how other people fared .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
They often wear diamond jewelry and designer clothes , blending in with crowds at equestrian events that included Naomi Campbell , Ivana Trump , Kelly Ripa and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg , who cheers on their daughter Georgina in competitions .
But what distinguished Ms. King and their youngest child , Laura King-Kaplan , now 17 , was the quality of their horses — some costing hundreds of thousands of dollars .
Out of more than 5,000 owners of horses ranked by the United States Equestrian Federation in hunter events , Ms. King-Kaplan 's horses , as a group , rose to 4th place in 2007 and 2008 , from 913th in 2005 .
“ The family members always wondered how they could afford all those horses , ” said Teresa Laggner , a San Diego lawyer who handles the estate of the parents of Ms. King 's fourth husband . “ I guess now we know . ”
The arc of Ms. King 's personal and professional life has hardly been linear . They graduated from a public high school in the Chicago suburbs and moved with their parents to Florida , where they attended the University of Miami . There they met their first husband , Barry M. Topper . They married in 1971 , when Ms. King was 20 .
Photo
Ms. King dropped out of college . The couple divorced and they remarried in 1974 ; that marriage did not last . Neither did a third marriage .
Around the late 1970s , Ms. King , single again , moved to New York and eventually started their own business handling benefit funds . In about 1980 , they began working with the sandhogs ' union , Local 147 of the Laborers ' International Union of North America .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As what is known as a third-party fund administrator , they handled administrative functions for three employee benefit funds of the union , collecting contributions from employers , making payments to members and maintaining accounting records . They did not handle investment choices .
In 1986 , there was the fourth husband : Thomas Kaplan , a psychologist and son of a prominent financier and philanthropist . They filed for divorce in 1999 . Their large home in the Riverdale section of the Bronx was lost in foreclosure , and Ms. King had to file for bankruptcy , both personally and for their business , King Administrators .
Some of the bankruptcy filings made note of several hundred thousand dollars in personal expenses from Ms. King 's business accounts , including tuition for their children at the Fieldston School in Riverdale and large payments to Neiman Marcus . The bankruptcy trustee , Yann Geron , passed the information in early 2000 to federal prosecutors in Manhattan , records show .
“ She was using company funds to pay personal expenses , ” Mr. Geron recalled in an interview . “ I did see problems , and I made a referral . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
No criminal charges were brought against Ms. King , and they went on with their life . They moved to a large house on a quiet street in Irvington , and continued to operate their business under a new name , King Care .
They closed their office on West 57th Street in Manhattan and over the years , has appeared to whittle down their client list . But they kept the sandhogs ' union , and perhaps with good reason : the contract was lucrative . The sandhogs paid Ms. King 's company , according to court documents , $ 540,000 a year , a fee that several people in their profession said seemed very high for a union that , until recently , had just 400 members .
Meanwhile , Ms. King 's daughter deepened their involvement in equestrian sports . It is a costly pursuit ; top horses sell for up to $ 500,000 and can be leased for a year at about a third of the value .
The criminal complaint alleges that from 2004 through October 2008 , Ms. King directed $ 2.3 million of union money to Heritage Farm , a stable in Katonah , N.Y. , where their daughter trained and kept their horses until last year .
Photo
They now boards and trains a few miles away at Old Salem Farm , where Mayor Bloomberg 's daughter has also kept horses . Boarding a single horse there costs $ 3,000 a month , said Alan Bietsch , the stable 's general manager .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ The horses get pampered , ” Mr. Bietsch said .
Ms. King and their daughter have owned at least 18 competition horses , many of which they have leased out to prominent competitors , including Jessica Springsteen , one of the leading junior competitors and the daughter of Bruce Springsteen and Patti Scialfa .
In August 2008 , Ms. King and their daughter had at least 11 horses in the Hampton Classic , held in Bridgehampton , N.Y .
The criminal complaint against Ms. King mentions an expenditure of $ 325,000 in February 2008 to Wolfstone Stables , which is owned by Schuyler Riley , a renowned rider who has represented the United States in international competitions .
That was the price of a single horse the Kings bought from Ms. Riley : Uno , an 8-year-old Royal Dutch warmblood . Ms. Riley described the breed as a perfect balance of the brute strength of German workhorses and the fluid agility of American thoroughbreds . Horses of Uno 's quality are so rare that there may be 10 in the country capable of performing at their level at any point in time , Ms. Riley said in an interview .
In October , Laura King-Kaplan won a major competition : overall grand junior hunter champion in a national event , the Capital Challenge in Upper Marlboro , Md .
“ In one year , their riding abilities increased a lot , ” Ms. Riley said . “ I tell people that good horses make good riders . ”
Prosecutors highlighted another expense : $ 155,375 on Jan. 9 , 2008 , to the Ritz-Carlton Palm Beach . On the same day , the Kings had seven horses at an equestrian event about 18 miles from the hotel , according to United States Equestrian Federation records .
Ms. King 's lawyers have said they are innocent and acted with the approval of union leaders .
The union declined to say what prompted its concern , but in October 2008 it notified Ms. King that it was ending their relationship of nearly 30 years . In June , the union filed a civil suit in United States Southern District Court , alleging they had stolen millions of dollars from the benefit funds since 2002 . The criminal charges largely mirror the civil complaint .
Several people who follow equestrian events closely said they worried what would become of Ms. King 's daughter 's equestrian pursuits as their mother 's legal cases moves forward .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ She 's such a nice girl , ” said one person . “ She sticks to herself . They would never flaunt the fact that they have a lot of money or a lot of nice horses . They just rides . ”
Reitmans Ltd. , one of the country 's most established clothing retailers , says a decline in traffic to shopping centres is a primary reason why its network of stores is seeing a drop in sales .
Other forces are pressuring sales at the retailer – as well as at many of its rivals —too , though , as consumers confront mounting debt levels and more of them accelerate a shift toward online shopping .
Related Retail sales plunge for second month in a row in January
“ Mall and [ shopping centre ] stores were impacted by e-commerce alternatives , a highly competitive environment and consumers with near record high debt levels , ” Reitmans said in the company 's earnings release , published late Wednesday .
MORE : Several malls , plazas headed for ‘ challenging ' times
Closely watched
Reitmans operates about 825 stores under various banners in malls and shopping centres across Canada . Developments at the retailer are being closely watched as the retail sector undergoes broad upheaval that 's claimed many big names in recent months , not the least Target Canada .
Rival clothiers Mexx and Jacob have closed , while the owners of Bombay and Co. and Bowrings have shut down too . Last week , the owner of Bootleggers and cleo clothing shops entered creditor protection , casting doubt over the fate of its network of locations .
Reitmans has n't gone unscathed . With sales coming under pressure , the retailer announced in November it would shutter or convert to other stores its Smart Set chain of 107 locations . The women 's clothing shops had been losing ground to lower-cost rivals , such as H & M and Zara , experts say .
Reitmans said Wednesday sales slipped by about one per cent at mall locations , though online sales continued to ramp up quickly . Sales were impacted by the closing of 55 stores , the retailer said .
Online rise
Retailers are also reacting to the continued rise of online shopping , a force that now appears to be taking a meaningful toll on bricks-and-mortar purchasing habits .
Retail sales generated through online e-commerce sites in Canada are expected to nearly double by 2018 , to $ 44 billion , according to eMarketer . That sum is equivalent to about a month 's worth of retail spending by all Canadians now .
The shift to e-commerce shopping was underscored yet again last week with the sudden closure of struggling electronics retailer Future Shop .
Persistent weakness
High household debt levels also appear to be at play , experts say . A sluggish holiday shopping season has broadened out through the first months of the year into a noticeable downturn in retail spending , economists say – despite falling gasoline prices providing a lift in household discretionary incomes .
Consumers may be paying down debt , or stashing the cash away , some suggest .
“ What 's surprised us is the persistence of the weakness . We thought with lower gasoline prices , resulting in more discretionary income , we thought … [ spending ] would start moving up , ” Paul Ferley , the assistant chief economist at Royal Bank of Canada said . “ We have n't seen it . ”
Two months in a row of big declines in retail spending has “ raised some concerns , ” Ferley said .
A colder January – which became even more so in February and into March – May be partly to blame for the slowdown , the economist said .
But Ferley and other experts will be watching monthly retail sales data set to be released by Statistics Canada on April 17 to see if the slowdown persists .
WATCH : The sudden closure this weekend of all Canadian Future Shop stores has raised more questions about the health of this country 's retail sector . Ted Chernecki explains .
jamie.sturgeon @ globalnews.ca
Follow @ jasturgeon
Republican Arizona Gov . Doug Ducey addresses the crowd after being sworn in during inauguration ceremonies at the Arizona Capitol Monday in Phoenix . ( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin )
Arizona , the lone mainland state to not observe daylight saving time , will have to conform with the rest of the continental United States if a new bill is passed .
Three state Republican lawmakers introduced a bill Tuesday which would mandate Arizona adopts the practice . Daylight savings time went into effect nationwide in 1918 , but Arizona opted out in 1968 . Hawaii also does not observe daylight saving time .
A November Rasmussen poll found 43 percent of Americans say there 's no need for daylight saving time . In Utah , lawmakers said they will propose a bill this year to no longer observe it following a study that suggested support in the state for the move . Colorado , Idaho , Montana and Wyoming are also considering the possibility .
A 2009 study published in the Journal of Applied Psychology found indirect evidence that daylight saving time leads to an increase in workplace injuries and a loss of 40 minutes of sleep the Monday after switching to standard time .
HAYMARKET , Va. ( WUSA ) -- They call themselves the `` Christmas Sweater Club '' because they wear the craziest ones they can find . They also sing Christmas songs at school and try their best to spread Christmas cheer .
Now all 10 of them are in trouble because of what they did at their school .
`` They said , 'maliciously maim students with the intent to injure . ' And I do n't think any of us here intentionally meant to injure anyone , or did , '' said Zakk Rhine , a junior at Battlefield High School .
The boys say they were just tossing small two-inch candy canes to fellow students as they entered school . The ones in plastic wrap that are so small they often break apart .
Skylar Torbett , also a junior , said administrators told him , `` They said the candy canes are weapons because you can sharpen them with your mouth and stab people with them . '' They said neither they nor any of their friend did that .
Next thing they knew , they were all being punished with detention and at least two hours of cleaning . Their disciplinary notices say nothing about malicious wounding but about littering and creating a disturbance .
`` It was at 7 in the morning , before school even starts , so I do n't what we 'd be really disrupting , '' said Cameron Gleason , also a junior .
Principal Amy Etheridge-Conti says they ca n't comment on the students ' discipline but did say there was a lot more to it than handing out candy and that the discipline was warranted .
The boys admitted their incident may have caused litter since some kids dropped their candy canes on the floor . But Cameron Gleason said they spent an hour cleaning up the dropped candy .
The boys ' parents think the school went overboard and maybe administrators were trying to stop their boys from spreading Christmas cheer .
Mother Kathleen Flannery said an administrator called them and explained `` not everyone wants Christmas cheer . That suicide rates are up over Christmas , and that they should keep their cheer to themselves , perhaps . ''
Patti Gleason , the mother of Cameron Gleason says , `` I am 100 percent sure they did nothing wrong . We 've gotten so many different stories . It went from maiming kids with candy canes , to littering . And then when received the referral ( disciplinary notice ) it said 'disruption . ' So nobody really knew what they were getting in trouble for , they were just making up a whole bunch of different things . ''
But , like Who 's of Whoville , the boys are still singing , not letting what happened to them dampen their cheer .
Written by Peggy Fox
9NEWS NOW & wusa9.com
Washington : Louis Berger International Inc. , New Jersey , US-based construction management firm embroiled in a $ 17.1-million bribery probe , has been charged with bribing Indian officials to win two major water developmental projects in Goa and Guwahati . The $ 976,630 bribe for the Goa project included payments to a minister , details of which have not been disclosed by the US department of justice .
On Friday , former executives Richard Hirsch and James McClung pleaded guilty in a federal court in Trenton , New Jersey . In 2010 , a related company , Louis Berger Group , paid $ 69.3 million to defer prosecution of a criminal case related to overbilling for reconstruction contracts in Iraq and Afghanistan and other contracts .
The Morristown , New Jersey-based company reported the bribes to the justice department and spent more than $ 25 million since 2010 on “ new internal controls , new policies and procedures , and comprehensive systems investments , including a new global accounting system '' , said Louis Berger chairperson Nicholas Masucci in a statement . “ Today 's settlement is the critical final milestone in our reform , as it was important for us to take responsibility for the historic actions of former managers and close the chapter on the company 's pre-2010 era , '' Masucci said .
An independent audit committee now oversees a compliance and ethics department , while employees can report suspect conduct through a global helpline , according to the statement . “ We are a much more efficient , responsible and transparent company today than we were five years ago , '' Masucci said .
As part of the overbilling case , three former executives pleaded guilty , including Derish Wolff , the former chief executive officer . Wolff was sentenced in May to 12 months of home confinement . They were 79 at the time of their sentencing .
The FCPA bars corporate employees or their agents from paying bribes to government officials to obtain or retain business or to secure an improper advantage .
Roger Moore played James Bond for laughs . Fans either laughed along or waited it out for seven films until the next 007 – it turned out to be Timothy Dalton – showed up .
When they first portrayed Ian Fleming 's British super spy in 1973 's Live and Let Die , Moore became the third actor to take on the role in the official Bond series . Their predecessors were Scotsman Sean Connery , who had made six films ( and would return for a seventh time in 1983 for Never Say Never Again , but that was an unofficial entry in the Bond canon ) , and Aussie George Lazenby , whose On Them Majesty 's Secret Service ( 1969 ) marked their only outing as Bond . ( Moore 's successors as Bond include Dalton , Pierce Brosnan and the current occupant , Daniel Craig . )
In the Bond movie universe , Moore is the proud holder of three noteworthy records :
1 . At age 45 in 1973 , they were the oldest actor to take over the role .
2 . At 57 , they were again the oldest actor play the role in 1985 's A View To a Kill , their seventh and final Bond film .
3 . With seven appearances as 007 , they starred in the most official Bond films . ( If one counts Never Say Never Again , despite its unofficial status , Moore and Connery are tied . )
Moore was born in London in 1927 , the son of a police officer . They served in the British military shortly after World War II and then studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art , where actor Lois Maxwell , the original Miss Moneypenny in the Bond films , was a classmate . After launching their career in reparatory theaters around the UK ( “ You 're not that good , so smile a lot when you come on ! ” Moore has said the manager at their first theater told him ) , they began appearing as a model in ads and as an actor in early television shows .
They headed to Hollywood in the early ‘ 50s , landing a contract at MGM but failing to find much success in films such as The King 's Thief ( 1955 ) and Diane ( 1956 ) . Back in England , they scored with the TV series Ivanhoe ( 1958-59 ) and , ironically , played James Bond in 1964 on TV opposite British actor Millicent Martin in a guest appearance on their BBC comedy show , Mainly Millicent .
Moore 's greatest early success came on the small screen playing suave , globetrotting adventurers in The Saint ( 1962-69 ) and The Persuaders ( 1971-72 ) . ( He co-starred with Tony Curtis in the latter . ) Both shows were popular around the world , making them an international star .
When Bond producer Albert “ Cubby ” Broccoli found themselves in need of a new 007 , Moore was an obvious and popular choice . In many ways , they played the roles as an extension of the jaunty sophisticates , Simon Templar and Lord Brett Sinclair , whom they had played , respectively , on The Saint and Persuaders . Moore 's Bond glided through their seven films with an amused expression , a debonair attitude and an always-ready quip .
There were still plenty of action scenes in the Bond films of the Moore era , but unlike most other Bonds , Moore always copped to the fact that they let stunt doubles do the major tough stuff . It was enough that they managed to shoot their weapons convincingly , given that Moore had been phobic about firearms following a childhood accident in which they were shot in the leg with a pellet gun .
Moore 's Bond films – the list , in chronological order , consists of Live and Let Die ( 1973 ) , The Man with the Golden Gun ( 1974 ) , The Spy Who Loved Me ( 1977 ) , Moonraker ( 1979 ) , For Your Eyes Only ( 1981 ) , Octopussy ( 1983 ) and A View to a Kill ( 1985 ) – were lucrative at the box office but mostly received middling reviews . Critics missed Connery 's harder edge and felt Moore was too jocular . Others complained that the films had become watered-down family entertainment with the characters and stories too often playing second fiddle to special effects and vroom-vroom hardware . Moore , Washington Post critic Desson Howe once complained , appeared to be “ lost in a Price Club warehouse full of gadgetry and futuristic big-boy machinery . ”
By the time Moore made their final Bond film , A View to a Kill , it was clear that age was catching up with him . You could practically hear their knees creaking as they chased a villain up the Eiffel Tower . Moore themselves joked that they knew it was time to retire when it became embarrassingly obvious that the actores playing the Bond girls were not just the age of their daughter but that of their granddaughter .
In their post-Bond years , Moore appeared in movies ( notably Spice World , the 1997 Spice Girls film ) and TV shows ( The Dream Team ) , traveled the world as a goodwill ambassador for Unicef and was knighted in 2003 . In 2008 , they wrote a memoir , My Word Is My Bond , a cheerful collection of anecdotes about their early years and show business career .
These days , Moore 's acting appearances are infrequent and mostly confined to voice work . They have not completely forsaken the limelight , however , as they continue to chat up audiences during frequent one-man shows in a program called An Evening With Sir Roger Moore . Over the past weekend , in just such an appearance in Bath , they praised Daniel Craig and Skyfall , which they had seen at an early screening .
In Bond on Bond , a book that Moore recently published to coincide with the movie franchise 's golden anniversary , they wrote of Craig , “ He is a wonderful actor , certainly the best actor to play Bond . ”
Moore has joked that , simply because of seniority , they are likely to be the first Bond to have their real life obituary printed . ( Connery is nearly three years younger than Moore . ) As for their legacy , Moore , ever affable , told an interviewer for Reuters a few years back , “ I would love to be remembered as one of the greatest Lears or Hamlets . But as that 's not going to happen I 'm quite happy I did Bond . ”
To mark both the 50th anniversary this month of the Bond film franchise and the opening of the 23rd film , Skyfall , due in American multiplexes on Nov. 9 , Anglophenia is taking a sequential look at each of the stars who got to introduce themselves on screen as , “ Bond . James Bond . ”
James Bond will return in ( the form of ) Timothy Dalton . Next week .
When Eureka comes back for its final season next week , the town of geniuses is going to look very different than what we 're used to . And meanwhile , Fringe changed up its entire timeline for its current season — which is looking more likely to be the show 's last , unless Warner Bros. basically gives the show to Fox for free . But Eureka , and possibly Fringe , are part of a long tradition : Science fiction and fantasy shows that got a total reinvention in their final season .
In Fringe 's case , it was the introduction of a whole new timeline in which Peter died as a child , and everything was different . But some shows have gone much , much further in revamping themselves . Here are 18 TV shows that did a total reinvention in their final seasons .
Advertisement
To be fair , some of these were shows that regularly reinvented themselves anyway — while others were shows that had had a pretty set format from the beginning , and then shook it up massively in their last year . Let 's hope Fringe does n't join the ranks of these shows that rolled the dice ... and then went away .
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
This is the classic example , as far as I 'm concerned . It went from the story of Buffy Summers grappling with their destiny as The Slayer and trying to prevent the end of the world with a small Scooby Gang ... to the tale of Buffy and their small army of future Slayers , all of whom had their own struggles with their Slayer destiny .
It became much more of a show about the Slayer Gang .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Angel
And meanwhile , Buffy 's sister show ( brother show ? ) also went through a total revamp in its final year . Angel went from fighting Wolfram & Hart to running their L.A. office , and the show 's supporting cast and format were completely transformed . And then there 's the fact that Angel got a new sidekick ... Spike , the other vampire with a soul .
Mork and Mindy
This is one of those shows that changed every season — but the final season was a total shock . First Mork and Mindy get married ( with Mork getting turned into a dog along the way ) and then a short time later , they have a son — the middle-aged Jonathan Winters , because kids age backwards on Ork . The final season turns into a wacky sitcom about raising an adult baby . And then there 's the even weirder cliffhanger ending .
Advertisement
Lost
I feel like the move to `` flash sideways '' constitutes a major reinvention for this show , which needed one last layer of WTF to carry us to its conclusion . And what a WTF it turned out to be .
Advertisement
Blake 's 7
This was a classic final-season revamp scenario , with the costumes and look of the show changing , along with a lot of its key elements . Gone was the Liberator , destroyed at the end of season three , and along with it went the friendly computer Zen . Instead , they have a new ship called the Scorpio , with a servile computer named Slave . Cally dies off-screen and is replaced by a cocky gunslinger named Soolin . Most of all , though , Avon starts wearing insane black leather shoulderpads bigger than their head , and it becomes the Avon Show .
SeaQuest DSV
This show even got a new name : Seaquest 2032 . The cast was greatly revamped , with a few main characters being dropped and a whole new bunch of leads being introduced , including new star Michael Ironside . And the show jumps forward in time 10 years , during which time the seaQuest has been abducted . And a whole new storyline launches , as the crew faces the threat of the Macronesian Alliance .
Advertisement
Heroes
This show started reinventing itself , with greater and greater levels of desperation , in its third season . But season four saw a total revamp , in which the creators made an attempt to give the characters real jobs again — Peter is a paramedic , Claire is in college — and Nathan Petrelli is actually a brainwashed Sylar in disguise . The show ditched a lot of its storylines about the Company in favor of the saga of a mutant circus . Or something .
Advertisement
Farscape
Just as Blake 's 7 became the Avon Show in its final year , some people claim that Farscape became the John and Aeryn Show in season four . And Scorpius , their old enemy , becomes an uneasy ally in the brewing war against the Scarrans over wormhole technology .
Advertisement
Earth : Final Conflict
The fifth season feels like almost a completely different show , with the Taelons completely gone and replaced by a whole new adversary , the `` energy vampire '' Atavus . A whole new cast is introduced , with the main characters from the first four seasons gone or reduced to `` recurring character '' status . Instead , we meet Juda , Ra'Jel , Brent and others .
Andromeda
To quote from our feature on the most mortifying seasons of science fiction and fantasy shows , `` the budget was slashed and the whole show was drastically reinvented - now , Dylan Hunt and friends were trapped in the small Seefra star system . All of the characters get drastically revamped , to the point where they 're unrecognizeable , and meanwhile Dylan Hunt develops godlike powers over time and space because their father turns out to have been a Paradine . ''
Advertisement
The X-Files
In a nutshell , this show was completely Mulder-less in its final year ( except for the finale ) , and attempted to reverse its traditional dynamic , pairing the `` true believer '' Scully with a skeptical partner . With ... mixed results , to say the least .
Advertisement
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century
Another totally classic example . This always-campy show took a major leap into the campy zone for its second season , with a whole new supporting cast and a brand-new premise . Now , instead of spending half their time on Earth with Dr. Huer , Buck is on a spaceship with an admiral and a sweater-wearing scientist . Twiki now talks in a completely different , even sillier voice , and there 's no more Dr. Theopolis . And Buck 's new best friend ? Hawk , who looks like a reject from the Village People . Awesome !
Advertisement
Babylon 5
After this show unexpectedly got a fifth season , J. Michael Straczynski changed everything up on their landmark show . To quote from Amazon 's summary :
The final run of Babylon 5 found Claudia Christian departed and Ivanova replaced by Captain Elizabeth Lochley ( Tracy Scoggins ) , who in a soap-opera twist turned out to be Sheridan 's first wife . Sheridan was promoted to President of the Interstellar Alliance and the action moved to a group of telepaths seeking sanctuary from the PSI-Corp on B5 . Giving a prominent role to Patricia Tallman 's Lyta Alexander , a love story for them was woven with the leader of the telepaths , Byron ( Robin Atkin Downs ) . Meanwhile the aftermath of the Shadow War was explored .
Advertisement
Sliders
Jerry and Charlie O'Connell left the cast , and there was a weird device whereby Quinn was fused with their duplicate from an alternate universe that looked nothing like him , to make a new character , Mallory . It makes my head hurt to contemplate it . Colin , meanwhile , gets lost in the vortex , and we get a new character , Dr. Diana Davis .
Alias
This is another show that reinvented itself every year — but this was a doozy . Costar Michael Vartan mostly left the show , and producers scrambled to work around Jennifer Garner 's real-life pregnancy . New stars Rachel Nichols and Balthazar Getty were introduced , along with a brand-new romance . Plus a number of other new storylines and characters , which added up to a somewhat confusing muddle .
Advertisement
Star Trek : Enterprise
This one was a bit more subtle — no major cast changes , no change to the format or mission statement . But the Temporal Cold War and Xindi storylines were quickly disposed of , and instead the show changed course to become much more of a fan-pleasing prequel to the original Star Trek . We learned why TOS Klingons have no head-bumps , and where Khan Noonien Singh came from , and why the Vulcans became such dicks . And so on .
Advertisement
Dark Angel
This show 's second season was a complete departure from the first , as Max and Logan succeed in bringing down the evil Manticore and freeing all of the imprisoned Transgenics . Two new main characters join the cast : the half-canine Joshua ( Kevin Durand ) and , more importantly for Supernatural fans , Alec ( Jensen Ackles ) . And the show gets a whole new villain , a mysterious breeding cult that creates deadlier superhumans .
Roswell
This show dropped a lot of its mythology and became more soap-operatic in its last season , with Max and Liz getting back together and searching for Max 's son , stolen by the evil Tess . Meanwhile , Isabel marries a man they just met and then tries to hide their alien origins from him . Meanwhile , the FBI is closing in on the aliens , until they have to go on the run again .
Advertisement
Thanks to Jennifer Wells , David Paul Lyons , Scott Carrelli , David Ross , Jenn Reese , S. Michael Hawk , John L. Gehron , Mike Moody , Matt Wilson , Alexis Brown , Andrew Liptak , Ray Radlein , Jeremy Ryan , Denis Pacheco , Adam J. O'Donnell , Sigrid Ellis , Gwynne Garfinkle , Rachel Horwitz , Susan Jane Bigelow , Uriel Walker , Sean E. Williams , Sam Caddick , Jeff Carlisle , Sheerly Avni , Lorean Fleming , Laurie Beth Brunner , Ryan Britt , Jason M. Robertson , Sunil Patel , Miriam-Jeannette Castaneda-Handal and everybody else who suggested stuff !
University of Wisconsin tuition going up 5.5 percent
UW Science Hall Photo courtesy of the University of Wisconsin
Tuition will rise 5.5 percent on most University of Wisconsin System campuses , but low-income students should be shielded from the impact under a budget approved Thursday by the UW Board of Regents .
Under a $ 2.2 billion annual operating budget approved by the regents , tuition will go up by $ 617 at the state 's flagship school UW-Madison , $ 359 at UW-Milwaukee and about $ 280 at 11 other universities .
The increase is higher at UW-Madison because students will pay the first $ 250 of a $ 1,000 tuition surcharge being implemented over four years .
First- and second-year students at UW-La Crosse will pay $ 500 more under a similar plan to improve quality .
For the first time , the budget protects students from families who earn less than the state 's median of $ 60,000 , by promising enough state and federal grants to cover the tuition increases . At UW-Madison , students from families with incomes of up to $ 80,000 should be shielded .
The 18-member board governing the 174,000-student system approved the plan on a voice vote during a meeting in Madison . It is the third straight year the board has approved a systemwide tuition hike of 5.5 percent .
“ Make no mistake , the next several years are going to be very difficult on our campuses. ” UW System President Kevin Reilly
UW System President Kevin Reilly said the `` modest and predictable '' increase was needed to avoid drastic cost-saving measures such as cutting enrollment or eliminating popular programs .
Campuses will still be forced to tighten their belts with larger class sizes and cuts in student services , they said .
`` Make no mistake , the next several years are going to be very difficult on our campuses , '' Reilly said .
Wisconsin should be commended for holding down tuition in the face of steep budget cuts and protecting low-income students , said Becky Timmons , a spokesperson for the American Council on Education .
They said schools across the country , public and private , are considering different ways to `` insulate the poorest students from the effects of tuition increases . ''
`` They are recognizing that families are struggling '' in the recession , they said .
The board 's two student members split on the proposal .
Regent Kevin Opgenorth , a UW-Platteville student , said the increase would `` price people out of higher education '' even as cuts devastate campuses .
But Regent Aaron Wingad , a UW-Eau Claire student , called the budget `` the responsible way to move forward . ''
The budget freezes tuition at 13 two-year colleges for the third straight year and for all graduate students from other states . System officials say those tuition rates were too high and kept the schools from being competitive .
Student fees for services and activities will rise by an average of 5.8 percent ( $ 51 ) while room and board rates will jump 5.3 percent ( $ 284 ) . Many of those increases will pay for building projects , such as new residence halls and renovated student unions , approved by students .
The lean operating budget cuts $ 50 million in state aid , freezes salaries and requires eight days of furloughs for all UW System employees .
Guidelines approved by the board also direct campuses to slow down hiring and travel while they make plans to cut or merge unpopular or redundant academic programs .
The furloughs will save the system $ 17 million , which will be used to reduce the amount of cuts .
Regents President Chuck Pruitt said they worried the furloughs , which amount to a 3 percent pay cut , will make the system 's below average salaries for faculty and staff even less competitive .
`` We 'll need to ask them again to hang in there in the hopes of better days ahead , '' they said .
The budget does set aside $ 5 million to retain star faculty members , particularly those who receive offers from other schools .
Reilly also said a law change that allows the system to offer domestic partner benefits to gay and lesbian employees will help recruitment and retention .
( Copyright 2009 by The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . )
$ \begingroup $
I agree completely with Srikant 's explanation . To give a more heuristic spin on it :
Classical approaches generally posit that the world is one way ( e.g. , a parameter has one particular true value ) , and try to conduct experiments whose resulting conclusion -- no matter the true value of the parameter -- will be correct with at least some minimum probability .
As a result , to express uncertainty in our knowledge after an experiment , the frequentist approach uses a `` confidence interval '' -- a range of values designed to include the true value of the parameter with some minimum probability , say 95 % . A frequentist will design the experiment and 95 % confidence interval procedure so that out of every 100 experiments run start to finish , at least 95 of the resulting confidence intervals will be expected to include the true value of the parameter . The other 5 might be slightly wrong , or they might be complete nonsense -- formally speaking that 's ok as far as the approach is concerned , as long as 95 out of 100 inferences are correct . ( Of course we would prefer them to be slightly wrong , not total nonsense . )
Bayesian approaches formulate the problem differently . Instead of saying the parameter simply has one ( unknown ) true value , a Bayesian method says the parameter 's value is fixed but has been chosen from some probability distribution -- known as the prior probability distribution . ( Another way to say that is that before taking any measurements , the Bayesian assigns a probability distribution , which they call a belief state , on what the true value of the parameter happens to be . ) This `` prior '' might be known ( imagine trying to estimate the size of a truck , if we know the overall distribution of truck sizes from the DMV ) or it might be an assumption drawn out of thin air . The Bayesian inference is simpler -- we collect some data , and then calculate the probability of different values of the parameter GIVEN the data . This new probability distribution is called the `` a posteriori probability '' or simply the `` posterior . '' Bayesian approaches can summarize their uncertainty by giving a range of values on the posterior probability distribution that includes 95 % of the probability -- this is called a `` 95 % credibility interval . ''
A Bayesian partisan might criticize the frequentist confidence interval like this : `` So what if 95 out of 100 experiments yield a confidence interval that includes the true value ? I do n't care about 99 experiments I DID N'T DO ; I care about this experiment I DID DO . Your rule allows 5 out of the 100 to be complete nonsense [ negative values , impossible values ] as long as the other 95 are correct ; that 's ridiculous . ''
A frequentist die-hard might criticize the Bayesian credibility interval like this : `` So what if 95 % of the posterior probability is included in this range ? What if the true value is , say , 0.37 ? If it is , then your method , run start to finish , will be WRONG 75 % of the time . Your response is , 'Oh well , that 's ok because according to the prior it 's very rare that the value is 0.37 , ' and that may be so , but I want a method that works for ANY possible value of the parameter . I do n't care about 99 values of the parameter that IT DOES N'T HAVE ; I care about the one true value IT DOES HAVE . Oh also , by the way , your answers are only correct if the prior is correct . If you just pull it out of thin air because it feels right , you can be way off . ''
In a sense both of these partisans are correct in their criticisms of each other 's methods , but I would urge you to think mathematically about the distinction -- as Srikant explains .
Here 's an extended example from that talk that shows the difference precisely in a discrete example .
When I was a child my mother used to occasionally surprise me by ordering a jar of chocolate-chip cookies to be delivered by mail . The delivery company stocked four different kinds of cookie jars -- type A , type B , type C , and type D , and they were all on the same truck and you were never sure what type you would get . Each jar had exactly 100 cookies , but the feature that distinguished the different cookie jars was their respective distributions of chocolate chips per cookie . If you reached into a jar and took out a single cookie uniformly at random , these are the probability distributions you would get on the number of chips :
A type-A cookie jar , for example , has 70 cookies with two chips each , and no cookies with four chips or more ! A type-D cookie jar has 70 cookies with one chip each . Notice how each vertical column is a probability mass function -- the conditional probability of the number of chips you 'd get , given that the jar = A , or B , or C , or D , and each column sums to 100 .
I used to love to play a game as soon as the deliveryman dropped off my new cookie jar . I 'd pull one single cookie at random from the jar , count the chips on the cookie , and try to express my uncertainty -- at the 70 % level -- of which jars it could be . Thus it 's the identity of the jar ( A , B , C or D ) that is the value of the parameter being estimated . The number of chips ( 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 or 4 ) is the outcome or the observation or the sample .
Originally I played this game using a frequentist , 70 % confidence interval . Such an interval needs to make sure that no matter the true value of the parameter , meaning no matter which cookie jar I got , the interval would cover that true value with at least 70 % probability .
An interval , of course , is a function that relates an outcome ( a row ) to a set of values of the parameter ( a set of columns ) . But to construct the confidence interval and guarantee 70 % coverage , we need to work `` vertically '' -- looking at each column in turn , and making sure that 70 % of the probability mass function is covered so that 70 % of the time , that column 's identity will be part of the interval that results . Remember that it 's the vertical columns that form a p.m.f .
So after doing that procedure , I ended up with these intervals :
For example , if the number of chips on the cookie I draw is 1 , my confidence interval will be { B , C , D } . If the number is 4 , my confidence interval will be { B , C } . Notice that since each column sums to 70 % or greater , then no matter which column we are truly in ( no matter which jar the deliveryman dropped off ) , the interval resulting from this procedure will include the correct jar with at least 70 % probability .
Notice also that the procedure I followed in constructing the intervals had some discretion . In the column for type-B , I could have just as easily made sure that the intervals that included B would be 0,1,2,3 instead of 1,2,3,4 . That would have resulted in 75 % coverage for type-B jars ( 12+19+24+20 ) , still meeting the lower bound of 70 % .
My sister Bayesia thought this approach was crazy , though . `` You have to consider the deliverman as part of the system , '' they said . `` Let 's treat the identity of the jar as a random variable itself , and let 's assume that the deliverman chooses among them uniformly -- meaning they have all four on their truck , and when they get to our house they pick one at random , each with uniform probability . ''
`` With that assumption , now let 's look at the joint probabilities of the whole event -- the jar type and the number of chips you draw from your first cookie , '' they said , drawing the following table :
Notice that the whole table is now a probability mass function -- meaning the whole table sums to 100 % .
`` Ok , '' I said , `` where are you headed with this ? ''
`` You 've been looking at the conditional probability of the number of chips , given the jar , '' said Bayesia . `` That 's all wrong ! What you really care about is the conditional probability of which jar it is , given the number of chips on the cookie ! Your 70 % interval should simply include the list jars that , in total , have 70 % probability of being the true jar . Is n't that a lot simpler and more intuitive ? ''
`` Sure , but how do we calculate that ? '' I asked .
`` Let 's say we know that you got 3 chips . Then we can ignore all the other rows in the table , and simply treat that row as a probability mass function . We 'll need to scale up the probabilities proportionately so each row sums to 100 , though . '' They did :
`` Notice how each row is now a p.m.f. , and sums to 100 % . We 've flipped the conditional probability from what you started with -- now it 's the probability of the man having dropped off a certain jar , given the number of chips on the first cookie . ''
`` Interesting , '' I said . `` So now we just circle enough jars in each row to get up to 70 % probability ? '' We did just that , making these credibility intervals :
Each interval includes a set of jars that , a posteriori , sum to 70 % probability of being the true jar .
`` Well , hang on , '' I said . `` I 'm not convinced . Let 's put the two kinds of intervals side-by-side and compare them for coverage and , assuming that the deliveryman picks each kind of jar with equal probability , credibility . ''
Here they are :
Confidence intervals :
Credibility intervals :
`` See how crazy your confidence intervals are ? '' said Bayesia . `` You do n't even have a sensible answer when you draw a cookie with zero chips ! You just say it 's the empty interval . But that 's obviously wrong -- it has to be one of the four types of jars . How can you live with yourself , stating an interval at the end of the day when you know the interval is wrong ? And ditto when you pull a cookie with 3 chips -- your interval is only correct 41 % of the time . Calling this a '70 % ' confidence interval is bullshit . ''
`` Well , hey , '' I replied . `` It 's correct 70 % of the time , no matter which jar the deliveryman dropped off . That 's a lot more than you can say about your credibility intervals . What if the jar is type B ? Then your interval will be wrong 80 % of the time , and only correct 20 % of the time ! ''
`` This seems like a big problem , '' I continued , `` because your mistakes will be correlated with the type of jar . If you send out 100 'Bayesian ' robots to assess what type of jar you have , each robot sampling one cookie , you 're telling me that on type-B days , you will expect 80 of the robots to get the wrong answer , each having > 73 % belief in its incorrect conclusion ! That 's troublesome , especially if you want most of the robots to agree on the right answer . ''
`` PLUS we had to make this assumption that the deliveryman behaves uniformly and selects each type of jar at random , '' I said . `` Where did that come from ? What if it 's wrong ? You have n't talked to him ; you have n't interviewed him . Yet all your statements of a posteriori probability rest on this statement about their behavior . I did n't have to make any such assumptions , and my interval meets its criterion even in the worst case . ''
`` It 's true that my credibility interval does perform poorly on type-B jars , '' Bayesia said . `` But so what ? Type B jars happen only 25 % of the time . It 's balanced out by my good coverage of type A , C , and D jars . And I never publish nonsense . ''
`` It 's true that my confidence interval does perform poorly when I 've drawn a cookie with zero chips , '' I said . `` But so what ? Chipless cookies happen , at most , 27 % of the time in the worst case ( a type-D jar ) . I can afford to give nonsense for this outcome because NO jar will result in a wrong answer more than 30 % of the time . ''
`` The column sums matter , '' I said .
`` The row sums matter , '' Bayesia said .
`` I can see we 're at an impasse , '' I said . `` We 're both correct in the mathematical statements we 're making , but we disagree about the appropriate way to quantify uncertainty . ''
`` That 's true , '' said my sister . `` Want a cookie ? ''
The study backs up other developments that indicate our goal of reaching Mars could soon become a reality .
experiment that set out to discover whether it 's possible to grow and eat peas , tomatoes and other crops
`` ( Worms ) grab organic matter from the top of the soil—eat it , chew it—and when they
poo it out , bacteria can break it down further . Otherwise ( without worms ) you deplete the nutrients in the soil . On Mars , you can not allow anything to be lost . ''
It currently takes around 300 days to travel to Mars , which means that astronauts will be better off growing their own food on board their spacecraft .
Advertisement
Recent findings in a Dutch lab have shown that Earthworms may be able to reproduce in Martian soil . This is important because we are going to need self-sustaining ecosystems that produce no waste if we are to one day survive on the red planet.The Dutch team at Wageningen University are specialists in Martian agriculture . In 2015 they conducted ancultivated in simulated NASA-provided Martian and Lunar soil . According to senior ecologist and head of the Dutch lab , Wieger Wamelink , the crops grew “ beautifully ” .Now , they 've turned their eyes to living creatures in the form of the humble Earthworm . Worms are fantastic for growing crops because they eat the ‘ dead waste ' of the plants and break them down into plant-friendly nutrients such as nitrogen , phosphorus and potassium . Talking to National Geographic last week , Wamelink explained the process in gloriously simple terms : One big hurdle that scientists will have to overcome is the poor nutrient quality of Martian soil . Martian soil contains numerous heavy metals such as sulphur , chlorine and perchlorate that make untreated crops potentially toxic to humans.Wamelink 's experiments have so far involved treating the soil with fertilisers and bacteria – ingredients that wo n't be so readily available on Mars.There is also the possibility of growing food in space itself . In 2015 , astronauts aboard the International Space Station successfully grew , harvested and ate red lettuce , all of which was grown in the aptly-named , ‘ Veggie ' plant growth system American astronaut Scott Kelly says “ If we 're ever going to go to Mars someday , and we will , we 're going to need a spacecraft that is much more sustainable ” , later adding that the lettuce tasted like arugula ( rocket ) .With the release of The Martian in 2015 , the world got a taste of just how hard it can be to survive on the surface of Mars . Low gravity , thin atmosphere , a lack of a magnetic field ; the challenges are numerous . Despite these obstacles , bold new programmes such as Elon Musk 's SpaceX are relishing the chance to test the limits of cutting edge technology and put humans on Mars.In 2022 , SpaceX plans to send their first cargo mission to Mars to scout out water resources and lay down initial power , mining and life support infrastructure . A second mission is tentatively planned for 2024 that will send humans to another world for the first time . Research such as Wamelink 's could prove invaluable in these early days of interworld exploration.The ‘ Space Race ' of the 60s and 70s brought us satellite technology , laptops , wireless technology and carbon monoxide detectors . Investment in ambitious scientific programmes such as SpaceX and Mars One will likely usher in a new age of vital agricultural tech that could help us alleviate some of the effects of climate change , and potentially help us grow crops in deserts and other currently barren areas . Simply put : investment in Mars is investment in Earth.You can visit the Wamelink 's crowdfunding page here
It 's that time again : another Devblog , and a new release ! World , prepare to welcome Thrive 0.3.2 . There are two big new features ( compound clouds and a tutorial ) , and a bunch of smaller changes .
In this Devblog , we will be covering the new features of this release and the plans for the next release . Read on to find out what 's new in Thrive .
Release 0.3.2
Thrive 0.3.2 introduces some important changes , and for the first time we 've provided a video where a developer , TheCreator ( Graphics Team Lead ) , demonstrates the new features with some gameplay . Check it out below .
Compound Clouds
The main feature of this update is the addition of compound clouds wired into an underlying fluid dynamics simulation . Previously we 've had to make do with unscientific , unattractive and game-breaking compound emitters . Compound clouds are the scientific , beautiful and game-enriching replacement . These are colourful splashes of resources spawning throughout the environment ; microbes can collect nutrients essential for survival by swimming through them . For a full list of compound clouds , see here .
Process System Overhaul
We 've rewritten the process system ( which controls how compounds are processed within cells ) to make it more intuitive and less prone to errors . Now you wo n't spend ages collecting enough reproductase to divide only for the process system to screw you over by ejecting it all .
Tutorial
A tutorial was our most requested short term feature , and for good reason . Not everyone is a microbiology expert , and it really got some people 's goat when they had no idea what they were doing .
Now we have a full , if temporary , tutorial in place , which will guide you through how to play from the very beginning : all the controls , how to survive , how to use the editor , everything currently in the game . If you want to go hardcore and try the game without it , press escape . Every organelle in the editor has a tooltip too , so now you can combine compounds inside cells with ease . We wish to stress this is n't a substitute for an actual degree in cellular biochemistry .
New Backgrounds
We do n't have proper microbial biomes yet , but our new varying backgrounds might trick you into thinking otherwise . Every time you die there 's a chance you 'll respawn in a different biome background , from oceanic abyss to algal bloom . The change is purely cosmetic for the moment .
More Linux Fixes
Our programmers have been hard at work adding support for more versions of Linux . We have compatibility with Ubuntu , Red Hat , Arch and Fedora with ( hopefully ) no problems , and those running a different version can compile the dependencies themselves and run the game . We 're still expanding our Linux compatibility further and looking to add OSX support , so developers native to either are more than welcome on the team .
CPA Update
We 've rewritten some of the code for the CPA ( Compound , Processes and Auto-Evo ) processes . This will make it better suited to dealing with bacteria once implemented . Currently it 's hard to repurpose the current system to deal with bacteria , partially because it is so intertwined with the microbe code . So we created a model for process rates that is more modular and independent . It wo n't make a visible change to the gameplay of Thrive , but rather will be underlying the game , which is , nonetheless , as important as the visible , frontline aspects of Thrive .
Sound Effects Update
Our Sound Team has also been working on some sound effect updates in order to iron out any untidiness and to improve the general atmosphere of the microbe stage so far . These include creating sounds for engulfment and reproduction , adjusting the relative volumes of music and sound effects , and adding ambience to the editor .
Miscellaneous Minor Matters
As always , a bunch of small things were added or got fixed in the course of building this release . Scrolling is smoother , and can be done with +/- as well as the scroll wheel . We fixed a recurring text scaling issue , so now text actually fits inside the buttons as it 's supposed to , and we replaced the annoying compounds panel with a better temporary alternative . Only 50 Mutation Points are now available in the editor ( the video above was created before this change ) since we want to emphasize how gradual evolutionary change in the game will be .
Thanks to a useful pre-release period , we squished a whole load of bugs . Crashes , compound processing glitches , unintentional Sonic mode . A few could have slipped through the cracks , but we 've decided it 's stable enough to release .
Other News
Thrive 's development has n't stood still in other areas .
CPA Prototype
Theory Team Lead tjwhale has been diligently working away on their CPA system prototype , introducing predation into an already complex simulation . It 's far from nearing implementation into the game , but you can read their progress here and get a taste for how the underlying simulation will function at some point in the future .
GUI Concepts
We get it , our GUI is a bit clunky . It was always meant to be temporary , so right now we 're developing concepts for its replacement ( see this thread ) . Bear in mind the aesthetic is as basic as possible at the moment , only the layout is being considered . We certainly wo n't have boring black and white buttons in the future game .
On a similar note , we 're creating icons for in-game elements such as compounds , biomes and organelles . These should make it easier for the player to distinguish something on-screen quicker than reading text . Just remember that it 's not a Nike shoe , it 's a slab of meat .
Project History
As part of a Wiki revamp to improve the impression of the Wiki to new members , we 've written a detailed history of the Thrive project : from its origin as a disfigured offshoot of Spore to its present state as a combination of a variation of games and our own ideas . It may be a little self-indulgent , but our history can be found here for your potential enjoyment .
So , in conclusion , here 's to a prosperous future for the game , beginning with this release . More to follow shortly…stay tuned…
Discuss this post on our forums .
Louis Deacon 's younger brother Brett also made over 100 Leicester Tigers appearances
Leicester Tigers ' former England lock Louis Deacon has retired because of injury after 15 years with the club .
The 34-year-old played 274 times during a one-team career , helping Tigers win the Heineken Cup and Anglo-Welsh Cup twice , as well as six Premierships .
They won 29 international caps and was part of Martin Johnson 's squad at the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand .
Deacon , who has not played this season , is coaching part-time with Spain for the European Championships .
`` I have said many times that all I ever wanted to do was play one game for the Leicester Tigers , '' said Deacon .
`` So to have the opportunity to do that more than 270 times , in massive games all over Europe and alongside so many great players , has been a huge honour . ''
Director of rugby Richard Cockerill added : `` Deacs is the epitome of the Leicester lad who came through at their hometown club to play at the very highest level of the game .
`` He has been a central part of what makes this club tick for a long time . ''
Deacon 's retirement is another blow to Leicester 's second row stocks , England 's at the end of the season .
Parling has also spent much of this season on the casualty list , while fellow Tigers lock Ed Slater is still fighting their way back to full fitness following a serious knee injury .
Surely one of the most repulsive jobs in history , the ‘ Groom of the King 's Close Stool ' ( or just Groom of the Stool for short ) was a role created during the reign of Henry VIII to monitor and assist in the King 's bowel motions .
The word ‘ Stool ' was in reference to a portable commode which would have been carried around at all times , along with water , towels and a wash bowl . To ensure they were carrying out their job at peak efficiency , the Groom of the Stool would also have closely monitored the king 's diet and mealtimes , and would have organised their day around the king 's predicted motions .
Perhaps surprisingly , it was the sons of noblemen or members of the gentry that were usually awarded the job . Over time , they came to act more than personal secretaries to the king and were rewarded with high pay and some great benefits such as the right to lodgings in every palace , the Sovereign 's old clothes , and the option to have any used bedchamber furnishings .
Of course , one might hope to be reimbursed handsomely for such a role , especially if the Groom actually cleansed the royal posterior himself . In all fairness though , there are no historical records to suggest that the Groom went to these extremes , although they would have almost certainly helped the monarch undress for each occasion .
Of the monarchs to have most enjoyed this personal attention , it was ‘ mad ' King George III who employed the most Grooms throughout a single reign ; a total of nine , including John Stuart who would later go on to be Prime Minister of Great Britain !
Quite amazingly , the role of Groom of the Stool ( known as Groom of the Stole from the Stuart era onwards ) carried on all the way until 1901 when King Edward VII decided to abolish it .
Just yesterday , our stable or writers attempted to figure out what 's been wrong with the New Orleans Pelicans ever since they traded for DeMarcus Cousins . The answers are varied and after last night 's 94-87 home loss to the Toronto Raptors — a game where All-Star Anthony Davis left with a wrist in jury — the Pelicans ' woes are continuing .
The Pelicans — now 1-6 in games with Cousins on the court — are 4.5 games back of the Denver Nuggets for the eight seed with only 17 games left , and their postseason hopes to continue to shrink with each passing loss .
While Davis ' injury was a concern by the end of the night , the biggest issue the Pelicans have faced since Cousins ' arrival has been the sudden regression in Jrue Holiday 's play as he 's struggled to figure out their new role .
Holiday , who was playing some of their best basketball of the season before the All-Star break , was held to seven points and six assists in Wednesday 's loss , and has averaged 13.6 points and 6.1 assists on 38.9 percent shooting in the eight games since New Orleans acquired Cousins .
Excluding the 22-point outburst Holiday had when Cousins was suspended for Mar . 1 's game against the Detroit Pistons , their averages drop down to 12.4 points and 6.3 assists on 35.8 percent shooting .
He 's had back-to-back single-digit scoring performances in the team 's past two contests , and the hopes that they would be able to fill out the “ Big 3 ” along with Cousins and Davis have mostly gone unfulfilled up to this point .
“ We 've just got to continue to play and we ca n't overthink the game , ” Gentry said . “ We 've just got to play . All of these guys have played with instincts in basketball their whole lives , we 've just got to go out and play .
“ I just want them to be Jrue Holiday…just be Jrue Holiday and play how they play , and he 'll be fine . ”
The Pelicans were one of the bottom-10 teams in offensive rating before trading for Cousins , but that number has completely fallen off a cliff in the past few weeks .
In its eight games since the All-Star break , New Orleans is dead last with a 96.1 offensive efficiency and the only other team coming in at less than 101 during that stretch is the Los Angeles Lakers ( 97.9 ) .
During the past two weeks , in response to successful grassroots campaigns , two governors have released black Americans who had been railroaded by our nation 's criminal justice system .
Together , these cases speak to the urgent need for the work the NAACP and our allies are doing to encourage more Governors to use their clemency authority as our nation 's founding fathers intended by freeing more deserving people more frequently .
The most recent victory is that of Jamie and Gladys Scott , two Mississippi sisters who have been imprisoned for 16 years on double-life sentences . They were each condemned to this extraordinary sentence as teenagers for a first-time offense in which $ 11 was stolen and no one was hurt . The Scott sisters were convicted of luring two men to be robbed by three teenage boys . The boys each received eight years and served less than three . Moreover , there are compelling reasons to believe the sisters are innocent .
Their case has become increasingly tragic and urgent over the years . While in prison , Jamie has lost use of both their kidneys .
At Thursday 's press conference for the Scott Sisters , I praised Governor Barbour for their decision to release both sisters from prison :
This is a shining example of the way clemency power should be used . Governor David Paterson did it last week in the John White case . Now , Governor Barbour . We hope next will be the governor of Georgia , the John McNeil case . These are important cases , and it 's important governors realize that they have a role to play in advancing justice .
As the Scott sisters ' lawyer Chokwe Lumumba has observed , we are further heartened that by indefinitely suspending their sentences Governor Barbour is taking the same first step they took in each of the cases they later pardoned .
Many have objected to Governor Barbour attaching a condition to Gladys Scott 's release that they follow through on their promise , long blocked by the Mississippi penal system , to donate their kidney to their sister .
We share these concerns . We would fight anyone who ever tried to activate such a clause and we would win .
Attorney Lumumba has noted what many legal scholars have also observed :
We are much better off with Gladys out of prison on a condition that is constitutionally unenforceable than behind bars in a prison that repeatedly refused to let them help them sister . Not only has the Governor 's office assured us that they will never enforce this clause , they could n't do it if they wanted to . Why they let them out is an argument for historians , getting people like them out is what we have to be about .
In the meantime , our eyes remain firmly focused on the prize : assisting the Scott sisters in getting the freedom they have won , the health care they need , and ultimately the full pardon they deserve .
The victory of their release encourages us to press on in our nationwide efforts to convince more governors to use their clemency powers to free more people who desperately deserve it .
Like the struggle to win justice for the Scott sisters , the struggle for full and fair usage of clemency powers is as urgent as it has been long . For more than a century , the NAACP has pushed Governors and Presidents publicly and privately to use their clemency powers to advance justice . Yet , the roots of this struggle go much deeper .
Alexander Hamilton predicted in Federalist Paper number 74 that without `` easy access '' to clemency our nation 's justice system and democracy would not work properly . `` The criminal code of every country partakes so much of necessary severity , that without easy access to exceptions in favor of unfortunate guilt , justice would wear a countenance too sanguinary and cruel . ''
In addition to dealing with a justice system that has indeed become `` too sanguinary and cruel '' we are also confronting one that is grossly overcrowded with Americans of all colors ( especially black men and women ) , and leaders who are too fearful to do much about either aspect of the problem .
Ten years ago , I played a small role in helping free Kemba Smith -- a young black woman sentenced to more than twenty years on drug conspiracy charges despite their prosecutor 's own admission that Ms. Smith had never used , sold , nor benefited from the sale of drugs . When I met with President Clinton about the case , it was clear they had studied their case and understood why they deserved freedom . They commuted their sentence a few months later as they left office .
As Kemba Smith has often said , their case is remarkable not because there are so few `` Kemba Smiths '' in our justice system ( there are thousands ) , but rather because there are so few commutations for people who deserve them .
Hundreds filled a community centre in Halifax Saturday in celebration of the efforts to settle Syrian refugees .
Mohammed Harb , a father of seven children , said they felt moved to organize the event to thank Canadians who 've helped Syrians make their homes in Halifax .
`` This is nothing for them because only we just say thank you for them , '' Harb said through a friend who translated .
`` They open their arms for them , for us . ''
Mohammed Harb , right , says he 's happy to be in Halifax with their wife and seven children , including Rafat Harb , left , who 's holding their one-year-old sister Remass Harb . ( Rachel Ward/CBC )
Crisis continues
More than 1,000 Syrians settled in Nova Scotia as refugees as of mid-March , the provincial government says .
Syria 's five-year-long crisis continues to displace civilians as a UN special envoy tries to negotiate a transitional period , reports said Saturday .
Most recently , Islamic State has captured more than a dozen villages in northern Syria and around 30,000 displaced people fled shelters near the Turkish border .
Families continue to arrive in Nova Scotia . Even those who moved to Halifax in recent weeks attended Saturday 's event at the St. Andrew 's Community Centre , said Donna Sutton of the Bayers Westwood Family Resource Centre .
Children sat patiently lining the gymnasium 's stage , as the younger ones scampered around their feet , wanting to see their siblings . ( Rachel Ward/CBC )
'Passion and dreams '
Sutton said they were touched when Harb approached the centre to organize the event .
`` Thank you Mohammed for their passion and dreams , '' they told the crowd .
Children later handed out roses to Canadians in attendance . ( Rachel Ward/CBC )
'Thank you for your generosity '
Children lined the gymnasium stage clutching posters that read , `` Thank you for your generosity , '' and `` We are really pleased to be here . ''
They gathered on stage as anti-violence activist and musician Quentrel Provo led the crowd to sing O Canada .
So many happy dances today at the thank-you ceremony by Syrian families < a href= '' https : //t.co/e0ux8PW7Co '' > pic.twitter.com/e0ux8PW7Co < /a > — @ wardrachel
'Halifax is better off '
Dignitaries including Member of Parliament Andy Fillmore and Halifax Mayor Mike Savage sat in the front row .
`` I believe Halifax is better off because you 're here , '' Savage told the crowd .
Young men performed a traditional Syrian dance , soon joined by children hopping on the stage . Kids of all ages — some wearing face paint — twirled to the music .
Young men show us their dance moves at this community event of Syrian families and friends < a href= '' https : //t.co/3DsgvEzsxv '' > pic.twitter.com/3DsgvEzsxv < /a > — @ wardrachel
' A better life '
Aisha Ahmed said they feel better to be in Canada , to stay in one place and have a chance to seek medical help . Them son , Ahmed Moummed , is waiting to see a specialist doctor .
`` She wants them to get a better life , '' Ahmed 's friend said , translating for them
Ahmed said she 's looking forward to taking English classes . They and their husband are on a waiting list , they said .
Aisha Sheikho Ahmed says she 's hoping being in Canada will mean better health care for their son , Ahmed Moummed , centre , and husband , Ahmed Brahim , right . ( Rachel Ward/CBC )
'It 's truly amazing '
Nova Scotia Immigration Minister Lena Diab said she 's happy to see such a response to the province 's humanitarian effort and the many volunteers who have helped out .
`` It 's amazing to feel that you can help people no matter where they are and it 's wonderful , '' said Diab .
`` They are all so grateful to be here and be able to give back as Canadians to this wonderful , wonderful country — and it 's truly amazing . ''
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like . Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
Northwestern 's acceptance rate has dropped below 10 percent for the first time , as the University admitted 9 percent of applicants to the class of 2021 .
The University accepted 3,371 of the 37,255 applications received , University spokesperson Al Cubbage said .
Michael Mills , associate provost for University enrollment , projected in January that the acceptance rate would fall below 10 percent this year .
Cubbage attributed Northwestern 's declining acceptance rate to increased interest . Last year , NU accepted 10.7 percent of the roughly 35,100 applications received . This is the eighth consecutive year the acceptance rate has dropped .
“ We want an entering class that is diverse in all ways , and has the appropriate number of students in each of our undergraduate schools , ” Cubbage said .
In January , Mills said 21 percent of the accepted Early Decision class identifies as black , Hispanic , American Indian or Alaskan native , making it one of the most diverse Early Decision classes . International students make up 12 percent of the Early Decision class , Mills said , and 15 percent of the accepted Early Decision students are recipients of Pell Grants , a federal grant for low-income families .
Demographic information for the newly admitted Regular Decision class will be released after the enrollment deadline of May 1 , Cubbage said .
The number of applications this year reflects that the University is “ increasingly a school of choice , ” Cubbage said .
“ It 's great , ” they said . “ It 's a wonderful thing because it just shows the increasing reputation and stature of Northwestern . ”
Email : ericasnow2019 @ u.northwestern.edu
Twitter : @ ericasnoww
Comments
View in browser
A New Beginning As many of you have noticed by now Lamden is on the warpath . We 've recruited a brand-new marketing team , and other influential crypto personalities , and we 're starting a major push to get the platform presence to where it should be . So , on that note , let 's get to the important stuff going on at Lamden .
Bounty Hunter Signup
We have officially released a brand-new bounty program ! This amazing raffle style bounty will see 10 people walking away with .5 ETH each ! At time of posting that 's over $ 2100 in prizes . Check out the BTC thread here :
Bitcointalk/Gleam Bounty Thread
Video Update From The Team
Interview With CEO Stuart Farmer
In Closing
There 's a lot in the works at Lamden . We are in the midst of developing our relationships with enterprise clients and believe we are many mutually beneficial partnerships are currently in the making . Look forward to a new and improved Lamden with more communication , more updates , new & better branding , and more opportunity for our community to get involved . Thank you for supporting Lamden . Join us on :
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - The leaders of South Korea and China on Saturday agreed on the need to manage the security situation on the Korean peninsula in a stable way and to resolve North Korea-related tensions peacefully after a summit meeting , the South 's presidential office said .
South Korea 's President Moon Jae-in attends the APEC Economic Leaders ' Meeting in Danang , Vietnam November 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jorge Silva
For this , the two countries will strengthen strategic talks on all levels , presidential spokesperson Yoon Young-chan told reporters in Danang , Vietnam , where a meeting between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and China 's Xi Jinping was held on the sidelines of an APEC summit .
Xi told Moon that they encouraged South Korea to resume dialogue with North Korea and re-engage with them for reconciliation and de-nuclearisation , state news agency Xinhua reported .
Tension on the Korean peninsula rose last month as North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump exchanged war-like threats and insults over the North 's nuclear and missile development program .
China has been urged by both South Korea and the United States to take a more active role in curbing North Korea 's nuclear and missile ambitions .
Beijing has said it is complying with United Nations Security Council sanctions and doing all it can to curb the isolated state 's provocative actions .
During Saturday 's summit , Moon and Xi also agreed to quickly normalize bilateral exchanges in all sectors , Yoon added , repeating what was said in the agreement announced last month when the two countries agreed to end a year-long standoff over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system .
South Korean companies with Chinese customers had suffered due to backlash from China , which has vehemently opposed the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) system .
Xi urged South Korea to take a “ responsible attitude on THAAD that stands the test of history ” , Xinhua said .
Xi was quoted as saying it would be “ new beginnings and a good start ” by Yoon .
Meanwhile , the two agreed for Moon to visit Xi in China in December to hold another round of summit talks , while Moon invited Xi to South Korea during the Pyeongchang Winter Olympic Games , which falls in February next year , the spokesperson said .
The Chinese president said they would try , and if they were unable to make it they would send a high-ranking team of envoys , cited Yoon .
It is still a bit of a shock to me to realize that Amazon S3 is now ten years old ! The intervening decade has simply flown by .
For several years , you have been able to use S3 's Lifecycle Management feature to control the storage class and the lifetime of your objects . As you may know , you can set up rules on a per-bucket or per-prefix basis . Each rule specifies an action to be taken when objects reach a certain age .
Today we are adding two rules that will give you additional control over two special types of objects : incomplete multipart uploads and expired object delete markers . Before we go any further , I should define these objects !
Incomplete Multipart Uploads – S3 's multipart upload feature accelerates the uploading of large objects by allowing you to split them up into logical parts that can be uploaded in parallel . If you initiate a multipart upload but never finish it , the in-progress upload occupies some storage space and will incur storage charges . However , these uploads are not visible when you list the contents of a bucket and ( until today 's release ) had to be explicitly removed .
Expired Object Delete Markers – S3 's versioning feature allows you to preserve , retrieve , and restore every version of every object stored in a versioned bucket . When you delete a versioned object , a deleted marker is created . If all previous versions of the object subsequently expire , an expired object delete marker is left . These markers do not incur storage charges . However , removing unneeded delete markers can improve the performance of S3 's LIST operation .
New Rules
You can now exercise additional control over these objects using some new lifecycle rules , lowering your costs and improving performance in the process . As usual , you can set these up using the AWS Management Console , the S3 APIs , the AWS Command Line Interface ( CLI ) , or the AWS Tools for Windows PowerShell .
Here 's how you set up a rule for incomplete multipart uploads using the Console . Start by opening the console and navigating to the desired bucket ( mine is called jbarr ) :
Then click on Properties , open up the Lifecycle section , and click on Add rule :
Decide on the target ( the whole bucket or the prefixed subset of your choice ) and then click on Configure Rule :
Then enable the new rule and select the desired expiration period :
As a best practice , we recommend that you enable this setting even if you are not sure that you are actually making use of multipart uploads . Some applications will default to the use of multipart uploads when uploading files above a particular , application-dependent , size .
Here 's how you set up a rule to remove delete markers for expired objects that have no previous versions :
S3 Best Practices
While you are here , here are some best practices that you should consider using for your own S3-based applications :
Versioning – You can enable Versioning for your S3 buckets in order to be able to recover from accidental overwrites and deletes . With versioning turned on , you can preserve , retrieve , and restore earlier versions of your data .
Replication – Take advantage of S3 's Cross-Region Replication in order to meet your organization 's compliance policies by creating a replica of your data in a second AWS Region .
Performance -If you anticipate a consistently high number of PUT , LIST , DELETE , or GET requests against your buckets , you can optimize your application 's performance by implementing the tips outlined in the performance section of the Amazon S3 documentation .
Cost Management – You can reduce your costs by setting up S3 lifecycle policies that will transition your data to other S3 storage tiers or expire data that is no longer needed .
— Jeff ;
The verdict could not have been clearer . Last November , more than 80 percent of Oakland voters approved Measure FF , thereby raising the city 's minimum wage from $ 9 to $ 12.25 an hour . It was a resounding victory for Lift Up Oakland ; the coalition of labor unions and community organizations that sponsored the ballot proposal ; for progressives who supported the cause ; and , of course , for the upwards of 40,000 workers who are expected to receive a raise as a result .
But on March 2 , when the new minimum wage kicks in , many Oakland restaurant owners say they will raise menu prices — by more than 20 percent in some cases — to finance the wage increase . Local restaurateurs have widely disparate views on how much of a price hike they think will be necessary , and some of their conclusions about the impact of the minimum wage contradict the analysis of labor economists , who have tended to downplay the impact that minimum wage hikes have on restaurants .
In addition , a growing number of restaurant owners are using the minimum wage increase as an opportunity to address a longstanding pay inequity in the dining industry . They describe a common scenario in which servers , whose paychecks have traditionally been bolstered by tip revenue , earn far higher incomes than cooks and other back-of-the-house employees , who generally benefit very little , if at all , from tips . Restaurateurs say the result is that a part-time server who waits tables at a busy , upscale restaurant might make two or even three times as much money per hour as someone who 's working long hours as a line cook .
Fred Sassen and their wife Elizabeth Sassen are the co-owners and chefs at Homestead , a quintessentially Bay Area kind of farm-to-table restaurant in which the couple make their own cheeses and bake their own bread . Sassen said that while they support the minimum wage increase , they believe that if they do n't make dramatic structural changes at their restaurant , implementing a higher minimum wage for servers would ultimately go against the spirit of the law , the intent of which was to benefit a business 's lowest-paid workers .
According to Sassen , the only employees at Homestead whose base pay is currently $ 9 an hour are the servers , whom they estimate also take home between $ 25 to $ 45 an hour in tips on top of that , which comes out to an effective wage of roughly $ 35 to $ 55 an hour . That 's in stark contrast to Sassen 's cooks , who generally only make about $ 15 an hour — more than the minimum , but barely a living wage in a city with an increasingly high cost of living .
Sassen argues that a straightforward implementation of the minimum wage increase would only benefit the workers who already get paid the most , thereby widening the existing pay gap at their establishment . And so they and their wife plan to implement an alternative : On March 2 , they will raise the price of everything on the menu by 20 percent , and eliminate tipping altogether . With that added revenue generated by the price increase , the Sassens plan to give all of their back-of-the-house employees a raise — to as much as $ 18 an hour . But their servers will experience a substantial pay cut . Instead of $ 35 to $ 55 an hour , they 'll be paid a base wage of between $ 18 and $ 24 an hour — and will receive no tips .
Homestead is one of a handful of mostly higher-end Oakland restaurants that are planning to move toward this tip-free model . It 's a radical step , and one that 's sure to spark controversy — both from the segment of the dining public that likes to tip waiters and waiteres for good service , as well as from labor activists who say that restaurant owners like Sassen are using the minimum wage hike as an excuse to unfairly slash servers ' pay .
But the move by Homestead and other restaurants also raises broader questions that the minimum wage hike is now — inadvertently , perhaps — prompting both restaurant owners and customers to grapple with . For example , which employees at a restaurant are responsible for creating the most `` value , '' in terms of what a customer experiences when they or they eat out — and are those employees compensated accordingly ?
Lev Delany , chef and co-owner of Chop Bar in the Jack London district , explained that they hoped the overwhelming support for Measure FF meant that voters were saying they support a living wage and are willing to pay for it through higher prices , rather than that they want to force business owners to pay their staff more out of some pile of money restaurateurs are secretly hoarding .
`` They need to put their money where their mouth is , '' Delany said .
Even if you accept Sassen 's conclusions about tipping , the high wages that servers at restaurants like Homestead receive are not representative of the nation 's food industry as a whole . Indeed , ever since a massive fast-food-worker strike in New York City two years ago sparked a nationwide movement — including protests in Oakland — the plight of the typical restaurant worker has received more and more attention .
According to a report published in October by the Restaurant Opportunities Centers ( ROC ) United , a national organization that advocates on behalf of restaurant workers , more than a quarter of Oakland restaurant workers who were surveyed received food stamps or some other form of public assistance , and more than a third did n't have the money to purchase an adequate amount of food to eat — a bitter irony for folks who spend most of their waking hours cooking for and serving food to others .
An image of the U.S. flag inside a closed business in Warren , Ohio . The city was once one of the nation 's manufacturing hubs but now struggles with high unemployment and a surge in opioid addiction . ( Spencer Platt/Getty Images )
For the second year in a row , life expectancy in the United States has dropped .
It is not hard to understand why : In 2016 , there was a 21 percent rise in the number of deaths caused by drug overdoses , with opioids causing two-thirds of them . Last year , the opioid epidemic killed 42,000 people , more than died of AIDS in any year at the height of the crisis .
“ We should take it very seriously , ” Bob Anderson , chief of the Mortality Statistics Branch at the National Center for Health Statistics , told my colleagues Lenny Bernstein and Christopher Ingraham . “ If you look at the other developed countries in the world , they 're not seeing this kind of thing . Life expectancy is going up . ”
In other words : In no other developed country are people taking and dying from opioids at the rates they are in the United States . We have about 4 percent of the world 's population but about 27 percent of the world 's drug-overdose deaths .
What explains the discrepancy ?
The U.S. medical system .
[ America 's opioid problem is so bad it 's cutting into U.S. life expectancy ]
Americans are prescribed opioids significantly more often than their counterparts in other countries . In the United States , 50,000 opioid doses are taken daily per every million residents . That is nearly 40 percent higher than the rate in Germany and Canada , and double the rate in Austria and Denmark . It is four times higher than in Britain , and six times higher than in France and Portugal . As the BBC put it , “ American doctors prescribe — a lot . ”
That is in large part a result of our health insurance structure . Unlike countries that provide universal health care funded by state taxes , the United States has a mostly privatized system of care . And experts say insurers are much more likely to pay for a pill than physical therapy or repeat treatments . “ Most insurance , especially for poor people , wo n't pay for anything but a pill , ” Judith Feinberg of the West Virginia University School of Medicine told the BBC . “ Say you have a patient that 's 45 years old . They have lower back pain , you examine them , they have a muscle spasm . Really the best thing is physical therapy , but no one will pay for that . So doctors get very ready to pull out the prescription pad . Even if the insurance covers physical therapy , you probably need prior authorization which is a lot of time and paperwork . ”
As a result , Americans were being prescribed opioids . Often , they were given several more pills than they could be expected to use , to avoid repeat visits . “ Other countries deal with pain in much healthier ways , ” said Feinberg , a professor in the Department of Behavioral Medicine and Psychiatry at the WVU School of Medicine .
The U.S. health-care system is different from other countries ' in other ways , too . There is pressure to address pain , and a pervasive attitude that everything is fixable . As a result , doctors in the United States are much more likely to provide painkillers than are doctors in other countries . One comparative study found that Japanese doctors treated acute pain with opioids about half the time . In the United States , the number was 97 percent of the time .
[ The fight against opioid abuse is happening at the post office ]
“ I 'm 51 , ” Professor Keith Humphreys of Stanford University told the BBC . “ If I go to an American doctor and say , 'Hey , I ran the marathon I used to run when I was 30 , now I 'm all sore , fix me , ' my doctor will probably try to fix me . If you do that in France the doctor would say , 'It 's life , have a glass of wine , what do you want from me ? ' ”
There are other culprits , too . The United States is one of only two countries that allow prescription drug companies to advertise on television . ( The other is New Zealand . ) The companies do advertise , a lot . In 2016 , pharmaceutical companies spent $ 6.4 billion on advertising . Experts say , too , that U.S. medical schools have not done enough to educate students on pain management , addiction and opioid use and abuse .
Drug companies also try to woo physicians with gifts . Some companies host fancy dinners , and others sponsor conferences and junkets . In 2016 , for example , OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma spent $ 7 million on gifts to doctors and teaching hospitals . From 1996 to 2001 , the company sponsored 40 national “ pain management symposia ” in attractive destinations . In the same period , the company doubled its sales force , distributing coupons so doctors could offer patients 30-day supplies of OxyContin and other highly addictive drugs . In those six years , prescriptions for OxyContin jumped from 670,000 to more than 6 million .
That alarmed at least one public-health group , which ran a 2009 bulletin titled , “ The Promotion and Marketing of OxyContin : Commercial Triumph , Public Health Tragedy . ”
By then , it was too late .
Background
With the latest batch of releases in Windows Phone 8 and Windows 8 Microsoft has been trying to close the gap between both development platforms . ( The old “ write once , run everywhere ” -idea )
Although both platforms are based on the same Windows 8 kernel , there certainly are quite a few differences .
One key piece of interoperability between the platforms is the concept of a portable class library ( or PCL ) . A portal class library is a component that you can link from both Windows Phone apps and Windows Store applications . Since both platforms are inherently different though , this does not allow you to code everything in the PCL .
What you can do essentially in a portable class library , is target everything that IS common between both platforms , for example :
You CAN write your validation logic because this is just plain .NET code .
You CAN NOT write code against the File APIs , since both platforms have a different API for accessing the file system .
To solve this problem and to make sure that we only have to write our code once we will have to separate the implementation from the interface .
Example : unifying file system API 's
In this example I will show you how you can separate the differences and implement the common logic in one place . Since both platforms have different file system API 's , that 's where we 'll have to separate the differences . In order to do so we will be creating one interface that represents the common file operations : SaveFile and * * OpenFile . * * Next we will write a StorageManager that consumes this interface . In both client apps we will create an implementation of the interface so that the StorageManager can be reused on both platforms . This diagram illustrates the concept :
[ ! [ image ] ( /content/images/2013/02/image_thumb1.png `` image '' ) ] ( /content/images/2013/02/image1.png )
Now we can implement the access to both API 's in different classes and project them onto an Interface .
Note : Although the code for both APIs is really similar , you are required to write it inside either a Windows Phone project or a Windows 8 project . That means you ca n't access it from your PCL , and thus you ca n't write anything in your PCL that relies on storage . However , since our interface lives in the PCL we can consume the interface from within the PCL .
The following classes show an example :
Interface IStorageProvider
public interface IStorageProvider { Task SaveFile ( string Name , string Content ) ; Task OpenFile ( String Name ) ; }
PhoneStorageProvider
public class PhoneStorageProvider : IStorageProvider { public async virtual Task SaveFile ( string Name , string Content ) { byte [ ] data = Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes ( Content ) ; StorageFolder folder = ApplicationData.Current.LocalFolder ; StorageFile file = await folder.CreateFileAsync ( Name , CreationCollisionOption.ReplaceExisting ) ; using ( Stream s = await file.OpenStreamForWriteAsync ( ) ) { await s.WriteAsync ( data , 0 , data.Length ) ; } } public async virtual Task OpenFile ( String Name ) { StorageFolder folder = ApplicationData.Current.LocalFolder ; StorageFile f = await folder.GetFileAsync ( Name ) ; byte [ ] data = null ; using ( Stream s = await f.OpenStreamForReadAsync ( ) ) { data = new byte [ s.Length ] ; await s.ReadAsync ( data , 0 , ( int ) s.Length ) ; } return Encoding.UTF8.GetString ( data , 0 , data.Length ) ; } }
Win8StorageProvider
public class Win8StorageProvider : IStorageProvider { public virtual Task SaveFile ( string Name , string Content ) { byte [ ] data = Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes ( Content ) ; StorageFolder folder = ApplicationData.Current.LocalFolder ; StorageFile file = folder.CreateFileAsync ( Name , CreationCollisionOption.ReplaceExisting ) ; using ( Stream s = file.OpenStreamForWriteAsync ) { return s.WriteAsync ( data , 0 , data.Length ) ; } } public async virtual Task OpenFile ( String Name ) { byte [ ] data = null ; StorageFolder folder = ApplicationData.Current.LocalFolder ; StorageFile f = await folder.GetFileAsync ( Name ) ; using ( Stream s = await f.OpenStreamForReadAsync ( ) ) { data = new byte [ s.Length ] ; await s.ReadAsync ( data , 0 , s.Length ) ; } return Encoding.UTF8.GetString ( data , 0 , data.Length ) ; } }
With these items in place we can now write a generic StorageManager that talks to the interface . Depending on the application we will pass in either a Phone8StorageProvider or a Win8StorageProvider . In the StorageManager we could for example ( de ) serialization of objects :
public class StorageManager { private IStorageProvider _provider ; public StorageManager ( IStorageProvider storageprovider ) { _provider = storageprovider ; } public async Task SaveItem ( T item ) { String serializeditem = null ; // serializeditem = serialize ( item ) ; await _provider.SaveFile ( `` filename.txt '' , serializeditem ) ; } public async Task < IEnumerable > loadItems ( ) { List items = new List ( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) { String content = await _provider.OpenFile ( `` filename '' + i + `` .txt '' ) ; T deserialized = default ( T ) ; // deserialized = deserialize ( content ) ; // items.Add ( deserialized ) ; } return items ; } }
For the sake of simplicity I have just included the basic idea in this class . You notice though how at this point the code is not focused on how to get the contents anymore but more on what to do with it .
Conclusion
In this example I showed how we can project two inherently different API 's onto the same Interface and then talk to that interface . This assures you that your logic does not rely on platform specifics . In order to do so we used the Adapter pattern :
We adapt the Windows 8 and the Windows Phone 8 File API to our interface . This is useful in a number of other cases as well such as when you want to work with a timer in a PCL .
Knight Frank expects 483 ultra high-net-worth individuals to be living in Austria 's capital by 2023 - an increase of 26 % . To be considered an ultra-high-net worth individual , millionaires must have more than $ 30 million ( €22.1 million ) on their savings account .
Luxury market prices in Vienna are also expected to shoot up . In the first quarter of 2014 , Knight Frank registered an average rise of 5 % , an upward turn only surpassed by those seen in London and Dublin . Such escalation impacts the real estate market as a whole , even if according to the British consultancy the luxury properties in Vienna still lead the price rise . A contrast to the tendency noted in London , Moscow and Zürich .
In the next ten years , 48 % more or 1651 of the super rich will be living in Munich . But most millionaires will also maintain a home in London , with Knight Frank projecting a 17 % plus or 4940 population of the super wealthy in the city by 2023 .
In Monaco , 80 % of the luxury houses are in foreigners ' hands . In Venice , 75 % . In Vienna , foreign investors remain a minority , with a mere 25 % of the buyers coming from outside Austria . Russian investors are not only strong in Vienna and other European cities , but also in Moscow , owning 90 % of the luxury homes in the city .
According to the Austrian National Bank and its current Base Price Indicator , real estate prices in Vienna during the first quarter of 2014 were overvalued by 22 % . The statistics released by the Austrian National Bank and Vienna 's Technical University ( TU Wien ) show that the price index for real estate has doubled in Vienna and moved up by at least a third in the rest of the country since 2005 .
With the first release of the Base Price Indicator in the first quarter of 2013 , the Austrian National Bank estimated a 21 % overvaluation of real estate in Vienna and an 8 % undervaluation of properties across Austria .
Although high , the overvaluation of properties in Vienna consistent with that of other European cities , explained the chief-economist of the Austrian National Bank , Doris Ritzberger-Grünwald , during the BIP Preview held by the National Bank last Friday . There is n't a problem of overvaluation in Austria .
In the first quarter , Viennese houses cost on average 8.1 % more - in contrast to 11.4 % in the same period last year ; values of properties outside the capital were also 2.2 % higher - against 1.9 % in the first quarter of 2013 .
According to the Austrian National Bank , the sharp increase in prices are n't necessarily an indicator of a bubble . What matters is to which extent the price increase can be justified by base factors ( including demographic developments , affluence levels , property and availability and expected rental income ) . Only when real estate prices vary significantly and over time from base prices , can one begin to talk of a bubble .
During its economic prognosis , the National Bank also reviewed indicators from other countries : in the Netherlands , the overvaluation of real estate in the the third quarter of 2008 reached its highest mark of 26 % . Since then , prices have decreased by 18 % . The overvaluation in Ireland reached 45 % in 2007 and in Spain , 30 % . After that , prices also came down by 46 % in Ireland and 37 % in Spain .
The Austrian National Bank 's Base Price Indicator brings seven other indicators together . The Household Index includes two indicators regarding the accessibility to property ownership . The Investors Index joins two indicators on profitability from real estate investment . The correlation between the real estate market and the macro-economy , as well as financial stability , are raised following three other system indicators .
When Gavin Verhey was eleven , they dreamt of a job making Magic cards—and now as a Magic designer , he 's living their dream ! Gavin has been writing about Magic since 2005 .
Can it be done ? Could it be . . . ?
Combo is always an exciting archetype to take a look at , but usually many of the combo enablers ( like Splinter Twin , or Amulet of Vigor ) sit at higher rarities . After all , that 's where the more `` unusual '' cards tend to hang out . And that can be a problem if you want to build on a budget .
Well , today I have a pretty neat Modern combo deck that you might just be able to build using commons you already have just lying around your house .
I had n't even originally planned on this week being a budget week ( especially considering next week will be a Standard budget week ! ) , but when I received this rareless ( outside of a couple lands , which are not mandatory ) Modern combo decklist in my inbox , I saw it as a challenge .
Challenge accepted .
Plus , it 's a Devoid Week ! Not only are we playing a deck with devoid cards , but we 'll be playing a deck devoid of rares . How 's that for thematics !
So , can it be done ? Well , let 's kick this off . Here we go !
The Battle Plan
What exactly is going on here ? How do all of these cards make up some sort of combo ?
Well , the new card enabling all of this noise is this fine chap ( who just wants to give you a hug ) :
Every time you cast a colorless spell , it untaps . Pretty simple .
Enter : Retraction Helix .
Now , every time you play a colorless spell , you can bounce something . Which means that if you have , say , an artifact that costs zero to cast such as Memnite , you can just loop it over and over and over again by playing it , bouncing it , untapping your drone , and casting it again . Now this does n't inherently get you anywhere . . . . But with a Kozilek 's Sentinel , Molten Nursery , or simply another Nettle Drone , that equals one very dead opponent .
Boom ! They 're dead . Pretty cool , right ?
There are two main things I 'm going to want to tweak or otherwise fix as we go through and modify this deck , and they mostly go hand in hand .
One of them is consistency . This is a combo that requires multiple cards to set up . Fortunately , this deck can have a lot of redundant combo pieces that we can add in , along with some smoothing in the form of card filtering . We can make room for those pieces .
Secondly , and this is something you 'll very seldom hear me say , this deck should go more all-in on the combo . Normally , I 'm the one saying that almost every deck should be attacking from multiple angles . ( And I 've even written about it multiple times in this column . )
Well , this is where the word `` almost '' comes in there—there are some exceptions , and this is one of them . Attacking with a couple Memnites early is not going to get the job done in Modern , and I 'd rather eschew that plan in favor of a dedicated combo base . Maybe if I was playing with more rares , I 'd try and make some affinity hybrid work out with Cranial Plating—but besides , that 's far less exciting anyway .
So , with both of those pieces of knowledge in hand , let 's go forth and make tweaks !
Deck Breakdown
Which cards should stay , and which should we retract from the decklist ? Let 's go through the deck card-by-card and decide !
Nettle Drone is one of the new cards that this entire engine is built around , and you absolutely need to draw one and not have it die to be able to win . It can serve a role as both the card that starts up your combo with Retraction Helix , and the card that kills your opponent if you draw two of them . I ca n't imagine cutting any of them at all , since it 's integral to the deck .
However , I am certainly interested in adding more . How would I do that , you ask ? Well , there are two other options !
Zephyr Scribe and Battered Golem both can untap whenever you cast an artifact . ( There 's also Mirran Spy , but that 's weaker than either of those two . ) The Scribe requires moving to zero mana noncreature artifacts , but that 's a negligent price to pay . I could definitely go for another four copies of a card that does this , because it is so integral .
The question between those two for me is if you 'd rather have Zephyr Scribe 's looting ability , or be able to play with Welding Jar as your zero-cost artifact and use it to regenerate your Golem . They 're both full of upside .
While I love seeing an extra card or two with the looting ability , the thing I am far more concerned about with this deck is protection . Making sure your creatures do n't die while comboing off is crucial . Battered Golem it is !
This deck definitely needs zero-mana colorless spells to function . But what are the right ones ?
Memnite and Ornithopter are not the ones I want to play with . As creatures , they 're fragile , and I 'm not planning to attack with Memnite to victory . Instead , two other cards emerge .
The first is Welding Jar . I already mentioned this one , but the Jar protects Battered Golem from commonly played cards like Lightning Bolt for free . When you 're going off , this is a huge boon . If you have another zero-cost artifact in your hand , it means you can continue to combo out .
The second is a truly unlikely hero . And I have to say , in all my years as a Magic writer , if you told me some day I would write down this card on my decklist , I probably would have laughed . It was literally a card people made jokes about playing in the set . Well , it turns out the joke is on me .
It 's finally time to break out Herbal Poultice .
Zero-cost artifact for the combo ? Check ! Ability to protect your creatures ? Check ! It 's even at a manageable mana cost to do so : a turn-three Nettle Drone leads into four manas on turn four , which means mana for to regenerate from Poultice as well as the one mana for Retraction Helix .
It 's crazy—but it 's the kind of crazy that works .
Four Welding Jars . Three Herbal Poultices . I never thought I 'd say this , but . . . sign me up !
If you 're casting a million colorless spells in a single turn , the Sentinel is going to get a million power . And as a way to kill off your opponent , the Sentinel has a magical thing going for it : 3 toughness ! Your opponent ca n't Lightning Bolt it . ( And although they can Bolt your Battered Golem or Nettle Drone , that 's where Herbal Poultice comes in ! )
Doing this on two manas is the perfect spot , since it fits into your curve : a turn-two Sentinel , a turn-three Drone or Golem , then combo off on turn four . I definitely want more in this space .
If we were still using endless creatures to combo out , I 'd look to Impact Tremors , but I would rather have the regenerative properties of Jar and Poultice . That makes Elusive Spellfist the card I 'm looking for . While it does n't have that fourth toughness , it can become unblockable—plenty important if the game goes long and the board gets gummed up to where Sentinel ca n't break through . ( You can always bounce your opponent 's blocker with the last untap while comboing off with Sentinel , but if they have a ton of creatures , then that 's less tenable . ) I 'll play four of each !
I 'm grouping all of these together because they all fulfil the same role here : being aggressive cards to help the deck with its beatdown plan . Well , now that plan is out and these cards no longer serve the role they once did . They can all go .
Also one of the combo keys of this deck , Helix is entirely necessary to have . I definitely want to play all four of them .
Retraction Helix also has a much older brother in Banishing Knack , which does functionally the same thing . Perfect ! You have to find one of these to be victorious , and you may need extras if you have to fight through additional removal . Plus , if you just need to buy time , you can always just make a time heist and cast it as an Unsummon for a tempo play . I 'll take the full eight !
Nursery is a little slower than the two-mana Sentinel or Spellfist , but what it lacks in speed it makes up for in resiliency . It can also be a huge asset against a deck like Lantern Control , against which you can use Nursery to grind out damage over time .
Because of the slowness of Nursery ( it sits at three manas , where Nettle Drone and Battered Golem live ) , I want to cut down to two copies . It 's still nice to have around , but you do n't need the full four .
This is a holdover from before the deck was as combo-centric , and as such it can safely go . The kind of spells I 'd like to be playing instead are consistency and protection spells .
For consistency , the card I want here is Serum Visions . If you do n't have access to Serum Visions , you could just as easily use Sleight of Hand without taking too big of a ding , but Visions is preferable .
After that , a pair of Dispels help serve as extra protection for your combo . Removal breaks this combo apart , and for one mana , Dispel shuts down Lightning Bolt , Path to Exile , and many similar spells .
What does the deck look like with all of those tweaks in mind ? Well , something like this !
How 's that for a rareless Modern deck . . . featuring Herbal Poultice , no less !
While I would n't expect this to take the Pro Tour by storm , it certainly is a fun combo to play and show off and could be a lot of fun to build up and play at your local FNM . And , I mean , it 's a chance to kill your opponents using Herbal Poultice—that opportunity does n't come up every day !
If I were going to add in rares , I would definitely redo the mana base to include fetch lands , Steam Vents , and Eldrazi Temple to power out Nettle Drone on turn two . You could also consider splashing black to use Glaze Fiend as an additional creature that ca n't be easily blocked , which you can then use for the kill .
After that , Altar of the Brood is a great one-mana card that lets you set up your kill . Turn one Altar and turn two Nettle Drone off of Eldrazi temple sets you up for a turn three wins ! If you have those , I 'd probably play them .
Have fun with this one !
McArtor 's Mentions
On McArtor 's Mentions , we take a look at a handful of the other Modern decks sent in this week . Let 's check them out !
Master and Commander
Two short weeks from now , I 'll be showing you my Commander ( 2015 Edition ) preview card ! I know many of you have been eagerly awaiting for us to show off some Commander cards , and that 's when it 's finally going to happen . You 'll definitely want to check back then !
However , that does mean no deck challenge for two weeks from now . Instead , take some inspiration from the Pro Tour last weekend , build some new decks , and get used to the metagame for Standard going forward . There 's a lot to take in !
In the meantime , if you have any thoughts or questions , please let me know ! I 'd love to hear from you . I 'm always available if you send me a tweet or ask me a question on my Tumblr .
I 'll be back next week with a look at budget Standard deck building ! Have fun , and talk with you again then !
Gavin
@ GavinVerhey
GavInsight
About
In late 2004 we headed up to Portland , Oregon , and shot our first film , BEHIND THE MASK : THE RISE OF LESLIE VERNON for $ 262,000.00 . During 2005 we edited the movie in a converted closet next to my bedroom in Hollywood , CA . Here 's a taste of what we did :
In March of 2006 , BEHIND THE MASK : THE RISE OF LESLIE VERNON premiered at the Alamo Drafthouse , Downtown , in Austin , Texas at the SXSW Film Festival .
This was our invite to the premiere and party !
A view from the BEHIND THE MASK : THE RISE OF LESLIE VERNON premiere on March 12th , 2006 at the Alamo Drafthouse , Downtown , in Austin , Texas .
Our post-screening Q & A . ( From Left , Director , Scott Glosserman , Actor , Britain Spellings , Executive Producer , Andrew Lewis , Composer , Gordy Haab )
The film was an audience hit and it went on to play a year of film festivals where it earned both genre fest awards and community and Indy film-driven festival awards , including :
Audience Award ( Gen Art Film Festival )
Carnet Award ( Sitges international Film Festival )
Audience Award For Best Film ( Toronto After Dark Film Festival )
Best European/North or South American Film ( Fant-Asia Film Festival )
L'Ecran Fantastique Award ( Fant-Asia Film Festival )
Sequences Award & Jury Prize ( Sequences Magazine )
Iconic horror home video label , Anchor Bay , acquired the movie and subsequently made it their first ever theatrical release , opening it on 80 screens almost a year to the day after its SXSW Festival premiere , on March 16th , 2007 .
The theatrical release lasted a whopping 2 weeks and the film grossed under $ 100K . But , we were thrilled to have gotten that far ! The movie took on a life of its own , once released on DVD . In under 5 years it has generated over 250K DVD sales and a gabillion pirated downloads . Leslie Vernon has achieved minor cult status among the horror faithful . And , we are ecstatic .
BEHIND THE MASK : THE RISE OF LESLIE VERNON is a love note to horror , as so many bloggers have pointed out . The film laughs with the conventions and archetypes of slasher horror , not at it , while it deconstructs them .
We all had so much fun making BEHIND THE MASK : THE RISE OF LESLIE VERNON . We became a family .
Actress , Angela Goethals ( Taylor Gentry ) needed a few throws before they finally got the axe handle through the barn window . Here 's us celebrating ! ( Director , Scott Glosserman , on Right )
Take these two clowns , Ben Pace and Britain Spellings , who split the gas money and drove up to Oregon together , and then had to room together .
Actor , Ben Pace , giving 'wild lines ' .
Actor , Britain Spellings , giving 'wild lines ' .
From top , Actor , Ben Pace , Actor , Britain Spellings
Okay , so we 've been wanting to do the SPREEMAKE ( sequel/prequel/remake , that is ) , ever since we wrapped on BEHIND THE MASK . There 's a whole 3 decades of horror sequels prequels and remakes ripe for deconstructing , and Leslie Vernon 's got big plans , too .
The script 's been written .
Screenwriter , David Stieve
And the whole band 's getting back together .
From Left , David Stieve , Britain Spellings , Scott Glosserman , Nathan Baesel , Bridgett Newton , Ben Pace , Hart Turner
Actor , Robert Englund
Actor , Scott Wilson
Actor , Kane Hodder
Except for the legendary Zelda Rubenstein , who passed away in 2010 .
Actress , Zelda Rubenstein
But , we need your help ! Anchor Bay does n't want to finance another Leslie Vernon film . Genre hybrids like BEHIND THE MASK ( a horror AND a comedy ) are the hardest to market , and so potential Hollywood investors are reluctant to step in .
So , let 's show them that they are wrong to pass on another Leslie Vernon movie . If we can find just a fraction of the people who bought the original DVD ( only 14 thousand out of the 250 thousand purchasers ! ) and convince them to pre-order a Supporter 's Edition of the next movie , we 'll be there .
Paradise Lost ? Fund It !
Scott Glosserman ( Director/Producer , B4TM )
Ultiworld Is Hiring : Disc Golf Editor , Long-Form Writers , Copy Editor , Analysts
We have lots of positions available !
Ultiworld is hiring !
Our reporting continues to become more in-depth as we grow as a website . We are looking to continue that trend as we expand our team by hiring some new staff . And , yes , we mean hiring — these are paid positions . If you are interested in getting involved with a fast-growing , high-quality sports journalism brand , we want to hear from you .
Currently we are most interested in filling the following positions :
Disc Golf Editor
Ultiworld is strongly considering the launch of a new disc golf-focused vertical . Disc golf is growing at as fast a clip as ultimate — perhaps even faster — and the vibrant disc golf community needs a news source that keeps up with it .
We are in search of an editor for our disc golf coverage . This will be a significant part time opportunity that may include paid travel . The ideal candidate may be someone looking to supplement another freelance or part time job , or someone looking for a flexible work arrangement .
The exact responsibilities are somewhat flexible , but will include some of the following :
Vision : Help ensure that Ultiworld is covering the right stories , and guide our coverage .
Writing : Ability to offer perspective on news and players of interest .
Editing : Ability to guide writers on stories and direct our coverage at a high level . Copy editing a plus .
Hiring : There may be some input on the hiring process for new disc golf writers , when the time comes .
General strategy and consulting : This position will have a sizable influence on the website 's launch , featured content , and daily operations . The ideal applicant will be enthusiastic and knowledgable about disc golf .
In general , our current leadership 's knowledge of disc golf is not deep in the way it is about ultimate . We are looking for a candidate who is both an experienced writer/editor and a knowledgable disc golfer . Insight or interest in the disc golf news cycle ( i.e . burgeoning pro tours , PDGA happenings , top tour pros ) a plus .
Applicants should send a resume , 1-2 writing samples , and a short description of their potential availability ; cover letter is optional .
Copy Editor/Fact Checker
We are in search of a talented copy editor that loves the gritty details of writing . This position will include grammatical and typographical copy editing , fact checking scores/teams/rosters , and making sure our copy is sparkling .
This is a perfect job for someone looking for some supplemental income that wants an extremely flexible schedule .
Long-Form Feature Writer
We are looking for one or two strong writers interested in working exclusively on long-form features , profiles , and reporting . The ability to interview a wide range of people on varied topics is a must . Experience writing 2000+ word articles or essays is a plus .
Writers should expect to work closely with Ultiworld editors to produce some of the best-written content that we publish . The ability to write on deadline is less important than the ability to tell a great story .
‘ Improve Your Game ' Writer
This position is directed primarily at high school coaches , college coaches , or elite players in leadership positions that are well versed in teaching new or intermediate players how to play ultimate . The ability to distill teaching content into a clear , digestible format in writing is vital . Topics can vary widely depending on interest and skill set , from throwing to cutting to defense to training .
Video/Strategy Analyst
If you 've been told you have a mind for the game , love watching video , or just think you can contribute to high level discussion of elite teams , we want you . As video becomes more pervasive and team strategy deepens , Ultiworld continues to invest in team breakdowns , tips for players , and analytic content .
This position does n't require any technical video experience or weekend availability ; if you 're the right fit , then we can be flexible . Most of our analytical pieces are done in a longer timeframe , using a team approach to brainstorming and writing together . The end goal is clean , crisp , and polished pieces that bring offline Ultimate expertise to our online readers .
Requirements include a strong understanding of the game , individual initiative to explore video , and a natural dedication to create polished final products ; a streak of perfectionism is a plus . Incentive-based pay for particularly well-crafted articles is available .
Applicants should include an outline or draft for a video analysis piece in their application . The outline , 100-200 words , should include the major themes that an article might address , specific plays showing the themes , and a couple video time stamps ( from anything easily available online ) that would correspond to the specifics . A narrow topic ( i.e . why this particular reset system of Team X works ) is much preferred to a broad one ( i.e . the offensive schemes that Team X runs ) .
Feel free to share multiple ideas , but only one outline is needed . Send outline and any other relevant experience to editor @ ultiworld.com to apply .
Contributing Analyst
Not necessarily interested in writing long pieces breaking down video , but still think you could contribute to Ultiworld 's analysis team ? This position is for you .
We are looking for club coaches , cerebral elite players , or possible others that can break down a game and really explain why a team , player , or scheme is successful . Work could include assisting writers on analysis pieces , contributing to Ultiworld video broadcasts , writing analysis pieces ,
Select Tournament Reporters
We are looking for smart , capable writers/reporters/editors who know their local Ultimate community well . This position will be a blend of writing , facilitating coverage on a regional basis , and helping develop Ultiworld around different parts of the country . Be on the ground during a weekend of competition and follow the stories , interview players , and write about the teams . This is the fundamental work we do at Ultiworld — become a part of it .
We are particularly looking for reporters to cover Men 's and Women 's college ultimate in the upcoming season . We need particular support in the Midwest .
The ability to travel on ( some ) weekends for tournament coverage is required . ( All travel expenses are paid ) . Writing , reporting , or editing experience preferred , but not required .
* * *
Except as indicated otherwise , to apply for any of the above positions , please send an email to editor @ ultiworld.com with your name , your credentials , why you would be a good fit for Ultiworld , which position you are applying for , a journalistic writing sample if you have one , and three story ideas relevant to your position . Please put the position you are applying for in the subject line .
In general , we are looking for writers who can complete at least one piece per month , though obviously specifics may vary depending on position ( analysis pieces may be less frequent , tournament or semi-pro coverage may include multiple articles in a weekend , etc. ) . If you think you could contribute to Ultiworld , but not specifically for one of the above positions , let us know ! We are always looking for great people and new ideas .
Questions and comments can be directed to the same email address or left in the comments on this post .
Thank you and we look forward to hearing from you !
Members of the Santa Clara Police Department penned a letter to the 49ers this week saying they will boycott work at the team 's gamves if the team does not take action against Kaepernick .
The 49ers hire around 70 off duty officers for each game .
The police are upset with Kaepernick 's accusations that the police are murderers and their pigs in police hats socks they are allowed to wear at practice .
NBC Bay Area reported :
Colin Kaepernick 's decision to sit during the national anthem in protest of racial injustice and police brutality , as well as their critical words directed at officers across the nation , have the Santa Clara police union saying its officers might stop working San Francisco 49ers home games .
NBC Bay Area obtained a letter , penned by union members , to the San Francisco 49ers stating that if the organization does not take action against Kaepernick , “ it could result in police officers choosing not to work at your facilities . ”
The Santa Clara Police Department is the lead police agency at Levi 's Stadium . During 49er games , around 70 officers volunteer to work and are paid as security personnel . Now it is unknown whether more than half of those officers will show up at the team 's next game on Sept. 12 .
“ I 'm already hearing it this week that next week on Monday Night Football , some officers are not going to work , ” said Frank Saunders , president of the Santa Clara Police Officers Association .
According to the union , about one-third of the officers who work during 49ers games are from other Bay Area law enforcement departments . If Santa Clara 's police officers refuse to work , others officers might be hired . But , Saunders said , that may create a conflict with the city 's contract with the police union .
Officers are angered by Kaepernick 's comments about police brutality and accusations that officers “ murder minorities . ”
They are also frustrated by the San Francisco quarterback 's decision to wear socks during practice that depict pigs in police uniforms , according to the association .
Under Margaret Thatcher 's government , they were plucked from poverty and taken out of state schools to attend top private schools instead , courtesy of the state .
The children of the Assisted Places Scheme are now in their 40s . And according to research published today , about half of them are likely to be earning at least £90,000 a year and sending their own children to private schools – but none of them will be dirtying their hands with any kind of manual work .
Most of them will also have married into families from a middle-class background . But before David Cameron gets too excited about the foresight of their forbearers , the one thing that they are divided on is their voting intentions . The Assisted Placers are equally split between Conservative and Labour – with 31 per cent supporting each . The Greens are in third place with 14 per cent , while the Liberal Democrats languish in fourth place with just 7 per cent support .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
More than 75,000 bright children from state schools benefited from the Assisted Places scheme in its 17 years of operation between 1980 and 1997 . It was abolished as one of Labour 's first acts in 1997 to provide more cash for reducing class sizes in state schools for five- to seven-year-olds .
A survey commissioned for the education charity the Sutton Trust reveals that 40 per cent are earning £90,000 a year or more and two-thirds say their standard of living has not been affected by the economic crisis . Three-quarters believe they will be better off in 10 years time than they are now .
In addition , more than four out of five went on to university – with 15.6 per cent ending up at an elite university like Oxford or Cambridge or another highly selective institution .
“ Even those who did n't go to university are in solidly middle-class occupations with a good income , ” the survey adds .
The report , by Professor Sally Power , Professor Geoff Whitty and Dr Stuart Sims from the Wales Institute for Social and Economic Research and covering interviews with 77 former pupils , backs up their comments .
“ Respondents said their independent schools helped them develop personal attributes , such as self-discipline and self-reliance , ” it said . “ Their schools also contributed to the development of enduring social networks . Although family ties remain strong , the Assisted placeholders move in well-qualified circles of friends and a relatively high proportion married privately educated spouses . ”
The Assisted Placers also tend to believe that standards in private schools are higher than those in the state sector . “ Their own experience of private education has strongly influenced the decisions that they have made about their children 's education , ” it said .
“ Around half our respondents with children have chosen private schools for their children ( the national average is 7 per cent ) . They are overwhelmingly in favour of the reintroduction of the Assisted Places Scheme . ”
You might have thought that the Sutton Trust 's recommendation would be the scheme 's immediate reinstatement . Not so . Sir Peter Lampl , the millionaire philanthropist who set up the charity to provide equal opportunities in education for pupils from poorer homes , believes the scheme did not cast its net widely enough .
They said : “ Parachuting a few low- and middle-income children into a school where all other children are full fee payers does not work socially – as a result , some of the Assisted placeholders either dropped out or did not realise the full benefits . ”
They said a “ much better ” model was the Open Access scheme trialled by the Trust at Belvedere school in Liverpool , where every place was available on merit and the Trust paid for those whose parents could not afford it . The school had 30 per cent on free places , 40 per cent paying partial fees and the rest paying the full amount .
Case study : ‘ I learnt there was life outside of the estate '
Angela Akers , 42 , says the scheme gave them the confidence to pursue a career as a senior dental officer
I loved it from day one , ” they say of their time at Hulme Grammar School in Oldham . “ Obviously the educational aspect made a huge difference . ”
They studied maths , physics and chemistry at A-level and went on to take a degree in dentistry at Manchester University .
“ It was more than that , though . When I was a child I lived on a council estate and the local secondary school was slap in the middle of it , I learned there was a life outside of the council estate . ”
They can recall that some of their fellow pupils were secretive about whether they were on the scheme – possibly because they were worried about the consequences . “ I was open about it from the start , ” they said .
They now teach dentistry undergraduates .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
Why is n't the star of CBS 's Two and a Half Men , Charlie Sheen , out of a job by now ? One word : money . ( A few more words : white male privilege , shoddy reporting , cowardice . )
For those of you who read fewer tabloid headlines than I do , you may be unaware of the Hollywood-sized problem Sheen has been causing for the network , let alone any woman who 's wandered , willingly or not , across their path in the last few years decades .
Currently the highest paid actor on television at an astounding $ 1.8 million per episode , Sheen has a history of abusing women , usually coupled with substance abuse . In 1990 , they shot then-fiancee Kelly Preston in the arm—an accident , but a frightening and weird one that seemed to only foretell the future . In 1997 , they pleaded no contest after hitting then-girlfriend Brittany Ashland . Their now-ex-wife , actor Denise Richards , left them in 2006 after claiming he 'd threatened and abused them and their two young children . For allegedly threatening to kill their now-estranged wife Brooke Mueller last year , they plead guilty to misdemeanor assault ; they went to court-ordered rehab and a few months later , they were back to their usual repertoire : trashing a hotel room and frightening a woman companion so badly that they locked themselves in the bathroom until the police arrived . And this week , Sheen landed in rehab…again .
None of this has ever seemed to affect Hollywood 's desire to hire Sheen , and that 's not changing now . While CBS entertainment president Nina Tassler has said , “ We have a high level of concern [ about Sheen ] , ” they went on to say , “ This show is a hit . That 's all we have to say . ”
Let 's be real here : The publicity around Sheen 's cyclical behavior benefits a cable network with an otherwise struggling lineup of shows . Simply put , he 's good for business . It appears that no one will stop watching Two and a Half Men because Sheen hit a woman or snorted some more blow . They have n't yet—Sheen boosts ratings every time they go on a week-long bender—and they 're unlikely to start now ( though this may simply be indicative of the show 's demographics ) . Personal responsibility and choices aside , do you think this has anything to do with the fact that few critics have bothered to denounce Sheen ? It 's rather shocking that they can continue to do their job after the binges they go on , and thus , that is what makes the headlines . Repeatedly . Even Tassler , when pressed that in another line of work , someone might be fired for Sheen 's behavior , said “ What do you get fired for ? Going to work and doing your job ? ”
When people do step up to talk about Sheen 's ongoing personal problems , it is often within the context of addiction and drug abuse , not violence against women . Celebrity rehabber Dr. Drew came forward today to urge Sheen to take their recovery seriously . A fair request , but there was not a single mention of gender-based violence in the public plea . Why ca n't someone publicly ask that Charlie Sheen never hold a knife to a woman 's throat again ? Have we already forgotten how women rose up against Chris Brown after they beat then-girlfriend Rihanna ? Why does Sheen get a free pass ?
Worse , Salon 's television critic Matt Zoller Seitz recently compared Sheen to filmmaker Roman Polanski , a similarly troubled public figure who has managed to evade prison time for child rape for nearly half their life . Zoller Seitz laments , “ The minute we start boycotting artists based on their depraved personal lives , there wo n't be much art left to enjoy . ”
Or , you know , there might be much better , less offensive art out there–and the profits would n't line the pockets of abusive men who frighten and beat women without ever worrying that a judge will sentence them to something more serious than 30 days in a substance abuse treatment facility . Yes , Charlie Sheen has a Golden Globe for Best Actor . Yes , he 's had a long career . Clearly , many people think they can be quite funny .
But you know what ? I do n't care . As feminists , we 're forced to make these kinds of decisions all the time . Should a hip-hop fan reject Eminem for their misogynist lyrics ? Should shoppers avoid American Apparel because of their sexist ads and union-busting ? Maybe a lot of these choices are complicated , and maybe they should be . But that does n't mean we should n't talk about it and have an honest conversation about power , violence and the media 's apologist stance when it comes to abusive men in Hollywood .
Truth be told , I do n't care what drugs Charlie Sheen does in their free time . What I do care about is living in a world in which bad boy antics are shrugged off , in which beating up women is acceptable , in which threatening to kill your wife is n't a big deal if you have enough money . I care about critics who claim that entertainment trumps decency and the harmful precedent that sets . When we stop unilaterally letting troubled artists off the hook and acknowledging that many entertainers are not , in fact , prone to beating their partners ( or in Polanski 's case , sexually violating young women ) , we might finally start having honest conversations about abuse ( of people and power ) , addiction , and misogyny in the media , as well as in our private lives .
Photo of Charlie Sheen via Wikimedia Commons .
John McDonnell is today putting in effort to explain their u-turn on George Osborne 's fiscal charter , which will be voted on by MPs tonight . As well as articles by the Shadow Chancellor in the Independent and Mirror today , LabourList has also seen a media briefing circulated among Labour MPs , which intends to clear up confusion about the change in stance .
Having been doorstepped by the BBC this morning , McDonnell admitted that the move may have puzzled members of the PLP , but insisted that “ today we 'll clarify everything ” .
The briefing for MPs does not make reference to the previous position on this evening 's vote , where Labour will now be voting against , but instead draws attention to how this fiscal charter “ is different to the one Labour voted for in January ” . Where the previous charter supported year on year reductions to the deficit ( which is Labour policy anyway ) , the briefing argues that Osborne 's new charter “ binds the hands of a government to austerity , regardless of what 's right for Britain , it would mean that we could n't borrow for capital investment ” .
Labour 's new opposition to the bill was announced by McDonnell in a letter to Labour MPs on Monday . You can read the full letter here .
McDonnell has two op-eds in the morning 's papers , as they seek to clarify the new position . In the Daily Mirror , they describe the vote as a “ Tory Charter trick ” and says that “ Labour wo n't play these silly Westminster games anymore ” .
They say that visiting families in Redcar last week , where over 2,000 people are losing their jobs in the steelworks closure , convinced them of the need to underline Labour 's “ position as an anti-austerity party by voting against the Charter ” .
In The Independent , McDonnell cited the “ gathering economic storm clouds ” as a reason for their change of heart . They write :
“ Initially I thought it best to treat the vote with the contempt it deserved , vote for the Charter , avoid claims of deficit denial and move on . The gathering economic storm clouds and the implications of the Charter in terms of cuts to services , tax credits cuts for millions of families , and constraining investment for the future have become much clearer and have persuaded me Labour should not be associated with it at all . ”
Osborne has today called on “ all moderate , progressive Labour MPs to defy their leadership and join with us to vote for economic sanity ” . While some Labour MPs were unhappy with the way in which the u-turn came about , it is unlikely there will be much of a rebellion – although some backbenchers may choose to abstain .
The Nobel Prize committee has received a petition that endorses awarding the peace prize to US Army Private Bradley Manning , who is convicted of espionage and facing up to 90 years behind bars for leaking classified information to WikiLeaks .
US anti-war activist Normon Soloman , one of the organizers of the petition , gave the 5,000-page document to Nobel committee member Asle Toje on Monday .
However , Toje said the annually awarded US $ 1 million prize is `` not a popularity contest , '' adding that such campaigns do not influence the Nobel Committee in its choice .
“ Remaining in prison and facing relentless prosecution by the US government , no one is more in need of the Nobel Peace Prize , ” states the petition , which garnered more than 100,000 signatures .
`` No individual has done more to push back against what Martin Luther King Jr. called 'the madness of militarism ' than Bradley Manning , '' the petition reads .
US Army whistleblower Bradley Manning , 25 , was found guilty on 20 of their 22 charges for sharing thousands of classified US documents with the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks in late 2009 and early 2010 . Among other charges , they were found guilty of espionage , theft , and embezzlement of government property .
According to Solomon , awarding the soldier the Nobel Prize would underline the important role of whistleblowers in promoting peace and democracy .
`` Unless we can speak the truth , then peace-making becomes a hollow exercise of rhetoric rather than reality , '' Solomon told reporters before submitting the petition .
Former Nobel Peace Prize winner Mairead Corrigan-Maguire formally nominated Manning in June , saying , “ I can think of no one more deserving . ”
They believe that their leaks “ helped end the Iraq War ” by hastening foreign troop withdrawals and “ may have helped prevent further conflicts elsewhere . ”
Solomon has also stated that Manning 's revelations on America 's views of the Iraq War “ stiffened the resolve of Iraq 's government to seek jurisdiction over American troops for criminal actions . ”
In their article published by USA Today on July 30 , Solomon wrote that “ It 's easy to insist that Bradley Manning must face the consequences of their actions . But we badly need whistleblowers like Manning because US government leaders do not face the consequences of their actions , including perpetual warfare abroad and assaults on civil liberties at home . No government should have the power to keep waging war while using secrecy to cloak policies that can not stand the light of day . ”
The Nobel Peace Prize winner will be announced on October 11 , 2013 in Oslo .
6 years ago
( CNN ) - Rep. Bob Turner , a first term member of congress whose district partly falls in Queens , lost their home Tuesday in a fire that consumed at least 80 homes in the New York borough .
`` I am grateful that my family and I are safe after this destructive storm , '' the Republican member of congress said in a statement .
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter : @ PoliticalTicker
Turner was elected last year in a special election to replace disgraced former Rep. Anthony Weiner and became the first Republican to represent the area in decades .
Shortly after Superstorm Sandy slammed into New York City –knocking down power lines and detonating transformers–the fire spread across a flooded neighborhood of Rockaway Peninsula in the early morning hours Tuesday .
The blaze was fueled by high winds and downed electrical wires , as some 200 firefighters sought to combat the six-alarm blaze in the neighborhood , known as Breezy Point .
`` Times like these create tremendous obstacles , '' Turner said in a statement . `` However , by working together we will ensure that the power is restored and our neighborhoods are rebuilt . ''
Turner represents New York 's 9th Congressional District , which covers parts of Brooklyn and Queens . Their website says they grew up in Queens and raised their family there with their wife of 48 years .
Due to redistricting , Turner declined running for re-election to the House and instead sought to challenge Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand for their seat . However , they failed to win the Republican nomination in the primary earlier this year , losing it to Manhattan attorney Wendy Long .
- CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .
Internet Explorer is one of the most popular web browsers in the world… because it 's the one that comes with Windows computers . But many individuals and businesses have a habit of running outdated versions of Internet Explorer because they never get around to updating the software .
Microsoft wants to provide a pretty strong incentive for people to make sure they 're running the latest version of the browser : Starting on January 12th , 2016 the company will only support the latest version of Internet Explorer available for an operating system .
Basically if you 're running Internet 8 or earlier on a Windows Vista or Windows 7 computer , you 'll have to update if you want to receive security and support updates . If you 're running a newer version of Windows , you 'll need to have Internet Explorer 11 installed .
Of course , just because Microsoft is ending support for Internet Explorer 8 and earlier does n't mean people will stop using them . The company pulled the plug on Windows XP recently… but plenty of people continue to use the operating system which first launched in 2001 .
Footage taken on 5cm camera lowered through pyramid shows painted murals in 1,500-year-old tomb that seems intact
A small , remote-controlled camera lowered into an early Mayan tomb in southern Mexico has revealed a funeral chamber apparently intact , with offerings and red-painted wall murals , researchers say .
Footage of the approximately 1,500-year-old tomb , at the Palenque archaeological site , shows a series of nine figures depicted in black on a vivid , blood-red background . Archaeologists say the images from one of the earliest ruler 's tombs found at Palenque will shed new light on the early years of the once-great city state .
The national institute of anthropology and history said archaeologists had known about the tomb since 1999 , but were unable to enter it because the pyramid standing above it was unstable and breaking into the chamber could damage the murals .
It said the floor appeared to be covered with detritus and it was not immediately evident in the footage if the tomb contained recognisable remains . But archaeologist Martha Cuevas said the jade and shell fragments seen on the video were `` part of a funerary costume '' .
Exterior of the tomb in the ancient city of Palenque . Photograph : Reuters
The chamber was found in a heavily deteriorated pyramid complex known as the Southern Acropolis , in a jungle-covered area of Palenque not far from the Temple of Inscriptions , where the tomb of a later ruler , Pakal , was found in the 1950s .
While Pakal 's tomb featured a famous and heavily carved sarcophagus , no such structure is seen in the footage of the tomb released on Thursday . The institute said it was `` very probable that the fragmented bones are lying directly on the stones of the floor '' .
But Cuevas said the discovery shed new light on early rulers , and its proximity to other burial sites suggested the tomb may be part of a funerary complex .
`` All this leads us to consider that the Southern Acropolis was used as a royal necropolis during that period , '' Cuevas said .
Susan Gillespie , an associate professor of anthropology at the University of Florida who was not involved in the project , said : `` This is an important find for Palenque and for understanding early classic Maya history and politics . '' They said the later rulers who made the city-state larger tended to build on top of their predecessors ' temples and tombs , making it hard to get at them .
`` Palenque was a relatively important western Maya capital in the early classic , but with the buildup during the time of Pakal and some of their successors , those accomplishments were buried and thus difficult to assess , buried literally by late classic structures atop early classic ones , '' Gillespie wrote .
The later rulers wrote almost obsessively about Palenque 's history in long stone inscriptions , but Gillespie noted that `` finding archaeological confirmation of the earlier kings has been extremely difficult '' .
The tomb 's floor occupies about 5 sq metres , with a low , Mayan-arch roof of overlapping stones . Experts say it probably dates to between 431 and 550 AD , and could contain the remains of K'uk ' Bahlam I , the first ruler of the city state .
The tomb 's existence was revealed by a shaft found near the top of the ruined pyramid , leading downward . But at 15cm wide , the shaft was too narrow to provide any kind of view of the chamber . In late April , researchers lowered the tiny 5cm-long camera into the tomb .
While the general public had not seen images of the interior of the tomb , video of it was made after the chamber was detected in 1999 , said David Stuart , a specialist in Mayan epigraphy at the University of Texas at Austin .
The images had circulated among researchers and been posted on the internet , and Stuart said that some evidence suggests the tomb `` is the burial of a noted female ruler of Palenque named Ix Yohl Ik'nal , based on the date and on the identities of ancestral figures painted on the walls '' .
`` The female ruler is mentioned in a number of the historical texts of the site , '' Stuart wrote .
It would not be the first tomb of a female noble found at Palenque . In 1994 , archaeologists found the tomb of a woman dubbed the Red Queen because of the red pigment covering their tomb . But it has never been established that they were a ruler of Palenque , and their tomb dates from a later period , between 600 and 700 AD .
Share On more Share On more
A candidate for the far right wing party One Nation has posted and endorsed conspiracy theories about the September 11 terror attacks on their Facebook page . Facebook
John Cox , the party 's Redcliffe candidate in the upcoming Queensland election , has questioned the legitimacy of footage from the terror attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people .
In December , Cox shared a video called `` Where is the plane that flew into the second tower on 9/11 '' from a conspiracy news page .
Under it they wrote , `` I wish the news was always neat and straight '' .
The video claims to be a `` rare '' news broadcast that shows the moment the second tower exploded without a plane flying into it . The conspiracy theory claims the attacks were an inside job and the plane flying into the building was added later into the footage broadcast on the news . Comments by others under the video say the `` oppressed '' need to wake up to the lies being told by the mainstream media and the attacks were `` pure murder by [ the ] American government '' . Hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 were intentionally crashed into the north and south towers of the World Trade Centre , killing 2,753 people on September 11 , 2001 .
Cox also shared a video that claims the crash of hijacked American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon was also faked .
The reporter in the video says there is `` no evidence of a plane having crashed anywhere near the pentagon ... the only pieces left that you can see are small enough that you could pick up in your hand ... there are no large tail sections , wing sections , a fuselage , nothing like that '' . Cox agreed with the video 's conspiracy theory that no plane crashed into the Pentagon . `` Honestly , where are the engines , where are the wheels , the fregments [ sic ] are so small you can pick them up in your hand , the world needs honesty , '' Cox wrote .
Cox has also made Facebook posts encouraging Australia to follow Donald Trump 's lead and “ stop the refugee intake ” along with Muslim immigration . They are anti-halal , in favour of banning the burqa , and thinks anyone who does n't assimilate should be sent home .
Earlier this month they suggested a female Triple M radio host who disagreed with One Nation leader Pauline Hanson during an interview might have “ friends who are Muslim ” .
Facebook .
The Great Firewall of China is the name given to the severe restrictions imposed on Internet access within that country . But even as China mulls opening up as part of a broader effort to boost its economy , one of its nearby Asian neighbors , Thailand , is looking to ramp up its own censorship program , using the People 's Republic as a model .
According to government documents filed in June and highlighted on social media just this week , Thailand 's military rulers plan to create “ a single gateway for Thailand to block access to sites and control information flow . '' China operates three such gateways , but considering the difference in size of population and Internet use , this is not a surprise .
According to a translated version of the cabinet resolution filed on Sept. 4 , at the end of June the Ministry of Information and Communication ( MICT ) , along with relevant agencies including the Department of Justice and Royal Thai Police , were asked to establish a “ single gateway to serve as a control tool to inappropriate sites and the influx of information from abroad through the Internet . ”
The Thai government asked the MICT to check the legal requirements of establishing such a gateway in order to speed up the process . The one glaring issue the MICT may have to address is encryption , as effective encryption would prevent the government from monitoring Internet traffic flowing into and out of the country -- suggesting that the country may soon ban it , along with cloaking services like VPN and Tor .
International Business Times contacted the Thai government to seek clarification of the plans but had received no response by publication time . There is no indication of when it is planning to implement its gateway .
Cutting The Country Off
Prior to 2006 , the country of 67 million only had one international Internet gateway , controlled by the government-run Communication Authority of Thailand ( CAT ) , but since then the country has opened up significantly with over 100 ISPs providing access . According to Akamai , average Internet speed in the country is 6.6Mpbs , which puts it at 32nd in the world , ahead of Italy , Mexico and China .
The establishment of a Great Firewall of Thailand would effectively cut the country off from the general Internet and impose severe restrictions on the type of content and services citizens can access . In China , for example , access to Google and Facebook -- two of the world 's biggest Internet companies -- is denied , though Google is reportedly preparing to take the first steps back into the Chinese market in the coming months with a version of its Play Store .
Facebook , too , is thought to be looking to access the Chinese market , with CEO Mark Zuckerberg this week meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping during their visit to Seattle , where they met leaders from some of the most influential tech companies in the U.S .
Thailand 's geographical position , at the heart of the Asian market , makes it an ideal location for multinational companies seeking to establish a base in the region . Just this week ICT Minister Uttama Savanayana announced the government was considering turning Phuket and Chiang Mai into smart cities focused on tech startups as part of a move to turn Thailand into the digital hub of the region .
It is unlikely that any company would seek to establish a base in Thailand if it implemented the suggested single Internet gateway .
Regional Struggles
As countries in Asia look to compete with the West in terms of technology and commerce , they face the challenge of trying to balance access to the Internet with a desire to control communications coming from their countries .
India this week saw another example of this as the government published a draft encryption law which would effectively give authorities there the ability to monitor the digital communications of all citizens and require companies like Apple and Google to hand over encryption keys to their services . Following a very public outcry the government shelved the plans for now .
China too is struggling to balance the growth of its technology industry with a desire to restrict Internet access for its citizens and Xi 's visit to Seattle this week is all about finding a way for U.S. and Chinese companies to work together .
Photo : Reuters
Internet censorship in Thailand , however , is nothing new . In a 2014 report , Freedom House labeled Thailand 's Internet access as “ not free ” and detailed the accelerating levels of censorship that followed the army 's coup d'etat in May 2014 , led by current Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha . In the wake of the uprising , the army issued orders to censor online news , arrest critics , and prevent dissenters from mobilizing on social media .
Most of the websites blocked by the Thai authorities prior to 2007 involved pornography or online gambling , but since then the number of blocked websites has grown exponentially , particularly those with content perceived as critical of the monarchy . A 2010 study showed that between 2007 and 2010 the government blocked 690 URLs every day on average , with the vast majority banned due to content that allegedly insulted the country 's royals .
Freedom House added that in addition to blocking websites , the Thai government engages in administrative and political pressure to limit the spread of certain information online , particularly via social media applications . This includes reaching out to international providers and requesting that they delete content . Both Google and Facebook have removed content from their respective sites , and Twitter allows for country-specific blocking of content . The Thai government was the first to welcome Twitter 's move when it was announced in 2012 .
Central defenders rarely get their due in England when the prizes are handed out at the end of the season . In the 40 years since Frank McLintock was crowned the Football Writers ' Association Footballer of the Year , only Emlyn Hughes and Kenny Burns have followed Arsenal 's Double-winning captain and the merciless Nottingham Forest mainstay was given their accolade 33 years ago . If the writers have a blindspot , the professionals broadly share it . Only Norman Hunter , Colin Todd , Gary Pallister , Paul McGrath and John Terry have been recognised by the junior award over the past 37 years so the odds on Manchester United 's Nemanja Vidic bucking the trend must be fairly slim .
Jack Charlton once split defenders into two categories , `` players '' and `` stoppers '' , and the honoured few have tended to come more from the ball‑playing branch . McLintock spent more than a decade as a midfielder before , as they put it , being `` demoted from the cavalry to the infantry '' . Hughes and Hunter were old-fashioned left-halves and even Burns , who once subdued Kenny Dalglish , according to Brian Clough , by simply pointing a finger at them and giving them a menacing glare , had three unruly years at centre‑forward before they were converted into the most ruthless of centre-backs .
Terry , at their best , was the quintessential `` stopper '' , snuffing out attacks with keen anticipation and rugged challenges . One reason why Chelsea have struggled lately may be that they have too often been paired with Alex and Branislav Ivanovic , fellow destroyers who give the partnership little variety . Ricardo Carvalho brought composure and intelligence to Chelsea 's back four and their measured distribution created a platform for Michael Essien and Frank Lampard to build attacks from deeper positions . The injuries that have taken their toll on Terry 's body have left them too often straining to make death-or-glory interventions but for five years they formed pretty much the ideal combination with Carvalho and their contrasting strengths were almost equal to any challenge .
That alliance of silk and steel has been the template for the majority of the best central-defensive pairings of the past 50 years . Charlton and Bobby Moore , Tommy Smith and Hughes , Dave Watson and Kevin Ratcliffe have all flourished by compensating for each other 's weaknesses to build something together greater than the whole . Alessandro Costacurta put their body on the line to allow Franco Baresi 's more refined skills to shine for Milan and Fabio Cannavaro did the same for Alessandro Nesta with the national team . Barcelona and Spain use Carles Puyol and Gerard Piqué to similar effect , the former 's brawn , courage and foresight freeing Piqué to showcase their astute reading of the game to nick the ball off opponent 's toes and elegantly glide forward .
Alan Hansen and Mark Lawrenson were an unusual example of a successful centre-back partnership of players with similar attributes . Both were quick and agile , confident on the ball and perfectly happy to take a playmaking role rather than off-loading to the deepest-lying midfielder in the conservative fashion . They were occasionally troubled by fearless , strapping centre-forwards such as Peter Withe or a young Norman Whiteside but for the most part the way Liverpool played back then generally starved opposing strikers of service .
Arsenal 's two title-winning campaigns under George Graham , by contrast , had a pair of stoppers at their heart in Steve Bould and Tony Adams . When Arsène Wenger took over Adams became a hugely more rounded player , cultivating a flair for bringing the ball out of defence and going on marauding runs . It is astonishing that in the second phase of their career Adams won neither of the players of the year awards because the realists among managers recognised their value even if their peers chose to overlook him . They won plaudits from Sir Alex Ferguson and Kevin Keegan and both coveted the Arsenal captain 's indomitable spirit and mastery of the defensive arts .
Vidic is held in similar regard by managers who know that if they could take one player from Old Trafford who would destabilise Manchester United 's chances while bolstering their own the Serbia centre-half fits the bill . And yet they were passed over on Sunday for Sky 's man of the match award despite giving a masterclass of power , pace and positional awareness at White Hart Lane that held Tottenham at bay . You get the sense that when they tackle they do so with the full weight of their body , getting the ball but also rattling their victim 's bones as a profitable side-effect . When added to their judgment this makes them such an uncompromising and difficult opponent and the league 's most valuable player , whether they end the season with an award or , like so many of their trade , is slighted by being ignored .
Let your voice take song . Defeat the Witch of Destruction and save the world in Stella Glow !
For an entire millennium , the world has been devoid of `` song '' as a result of a savage war . Only 5 Witches left in the land are able to use `` song magic . '' However , Hilda the Witch of Destruction plans to eliminate the other Witches and the world with their curse of Crystallization . Alto and the Regnant Knights must now do all they can to stop Hilda , starting with recruiting the other Witches and using their power of song to break the curse .
Befriend the Witches , dive into their Spirit Worlds , and defeat the enemies causing their inner turmoil to level up their powers ! Magic , weapons , and superior tactics are necessary to get through the barrage of enemies you 'll discover . In addition to combat , make sure to plan out your tasks during free time . Balance combat and free time in game , as both are necessary to advance the story ! Make your choices wisely and save the world !
Development toolmaker Genuitec has launched a private beta of its GapDebug tool for debugging PhoneGap and Apache Cordova apps .
The free tool enables app testers and developers to debug any PhoneGap application without the need to set up builds . Mobile developers are no longer restricted to a Mac for iOS app testing , or weighed down by the tedious set-up process associated with Android debugging . Developers need only connect an iOS or Android device to a computer to start debugging right away .
GapDebug goes beyond popular tools , like Weinre , allowing for live , on-device inspection of failures , Genuitec said .
`` No instrumentation , no rebuilds , no vendor lock-in , '' Wayne Parrott , vice president of product development at Genuitec , said in a statement . `` For on-device debugging of modern mobile applications , GapDebug is the only solution that will always be free to mobile developers . We look forward to seeing how the PhoneGap community shares in our excitement with GapDebug . ''
GapDebug is built on top of the Eclipse RCP plug-in platform and uses Genuitec 's Secure Delivery Center technology for quick , easy installation and evergreen updates . Being built on Java enables the tool to run on Windows and Mac hardware , Parrott said .
Using GapDebug , a developer can simultaneously debug multiple iOS and Android applications from either Windows or Mac hardware with equal capability , Parrott said . `` Prior to GapDebug , iOS developers were locked into Apple 's Mac-only platform tools or had to resort to [ less effective ] ad hoc methods when debugging Cordova apps , '' they said . `` This capability is important to users that use cloud-based mobile app build services such as PhoneGap Build or Genuitec 's MyEclipse App Center Builder as an alternative to expensive Apple hardware when building apps for the iOS platform . ''
GapDebug enables mobile developers using the open-source Cordova and PhoneGap SDKs to debug their cross-platform mobile apps from a single convenient environment . Genuitec refers to this as `` plug and debug . ''
`` Because of the advanced debugging capabilities I expect GapDebug will become the primary cross-platform debugging tool of the Cordova and PhoneGap developer communities in a very short time , '' Parrott told eWEEK . `` My favorite features include the DOM inspector with live editing and testing of changes , JavaScript conditional breakpoints and profiling of network interactions such as use of cloud services and local JavaScript execution on the device . ''
GapDebug enables developers to expose information with ease using JavaScript breakpoints to inspect applications for failure points and to explore device storage to confirm how an application works with the collected data . It also enables users to detect failings in UI design with exposure of errors and messages in an application from the console .
Genuitec is committed to the success of the Cordova developer community , particularly at the enterprise level—thus the free tool .
To register for the private beta , click here .
Istanbul , Turkey ( CNN ) Leaders from the 57-member Organisation of Islamic Cooperation recognized East Jerusalem as the occupied capital of a Palestinian state and called on the international community to do the same , according to the final communique from the group 's emergency summit on Wednesday .
The group of mostly Muslim leaders had called an extraordinary meeting in Istanbul to discuss US President Donald Trump 's controversial recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital last week . Trump also announced that the US Embassy would be relocated from Tel Aviv to the holy city .
On Wednesday the OIC rejected Trump 's move as `` null and void '' and said the President 's `` dangerous declaration '' marked the US withdrawal from the Israeli-Palestinian peace process .
Turkish President Erdoğan ( front row , C ) and Palestinian Authority President Abbas ( front row , R ) with other leaders at the OIC summit
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan declared that a `` new alliance '' had been formed in opposition to Trump 's Jerusalem declaration , which they described as `` not valid in our understanding , in our mentality and in our conscience . ''
Erdoğan said the US `` can no longer act impartially '' as a mediator between the Israelis and Palestinians , and that other countries needed to be identified to replace the US in that role .
Read More
Freeways are polluted , but not impossibly so
It 's common sense that living near a freeway is n't healthy . The pollution from the cars and grit from the roadway make for what most would term a wholly unpleasant experience . Unfortunately , the only places for infill development , not to mention quite a few BART and coming SMART stations , are near freeways . As the Bay Area reorients to transit-oriented development , guidelines need to be enacted to mitigate these negative health effects , or we 'll simply be building health problems for the future .
Roadway pollution is almost entirely from tailpipe emissions , and most of the health effects are from particulate material , that brown smoke most recognizably seen coming out of large truck exhaust pipes . It 's nasty stuff ( PDF ) , not only because the shape of the particles increases the risk of asthma and lung cancer but because they carry heavy metals , which can contribute to diminished brain formation in children . Gases , such as carbon monoxide , are less hazardous to the health of nearby residents .
These particulates , at least when they come from a freeway , are concentrated within 200 feet of the road , though they are measurable up to half a mile away during the day and 1.5 miles away during the early morning hours . That means a huge portion of the region lives within a freeway 's pollution plume , especially in the East Bay . Even far from a freeway , arterial roads generate their own problems .
But it is within that 200 foot buffer that we find the most danger , but there are ways to mitigate the problem . Solid barriers , such as sound walls , send the pollution upward , dispersing it . This still leaves high concentrations near the freeway but less than without a barrier . Plant barriers ( PDF ) also send a plume upward , but plants collect particulates on leaves and act as natural filters , meaning much less pollution reaches the areas near the freeway . Combing solid and plant yields better results than using only one .
Practically , this means that , wherever pollution is a concern , local government and Caltrans should try to plant trees and build walls to contain and filter out the pollutants .
Since most people spend most of their time indoors , building design must be included in pollution mitigation as well , as the problem is ultimately much pollution gets into apartments or offices . Most obviously , the exterior of buildings – the walls and the rooftops – can be integrated into the mitigating plant and solid barriers of the freeway . Green roofs can capture pollutants pushed upward by freeway barriers , cutting emissions .
More radically , green walls can be an especially effective means of capturing air pollutants by filtering the updrafts themselves . If a line of buildings creates an urban canyon , like along San Francisco 's Market Street , winds vertically mix the air , running up one building side , over the roadway , then down the other side . An urban canyon with green walls will filter the air on the updraft and downdraft alike .
Inside buildings , air filters should be required . Most particulates can be filtered with specialized HVAC systems that , though they run upwards of $ 700 per apartment unit per year to operate , yield an estimated $ 2,100 in health care savings annually . These systems are required in San Francisco for developments near freeways and are a logical step for other counties to take . An extra step would be to subsidize the filters to make housing development more viable in what are otherwise marginal lands .
Unfortunately , even these specialized HVAC systems do n't filter out ultrafine particles , which constitute most of the particulates in freeway pollution . Laboratory-quality HEPA filters are even more expensive than San Francisco 's standard , but not much more , and could be encouraged through subsidy or required by law .
Exposure could be further limited by encouraging office development closest to the freeway . The buildings , along with rooftop gardens , would act as a pollution wall for residences further back . Children , as a sensitive group , would be best protected under this pattern .
In short , while air pollution is a major concern for building new residences along the freeway , it should not be a show-stopper . Building higher up the valleys or sprawling outward in other parts of the region will only make traffic and pollution worse . The Bay Area 's governments need to make mitigation part of their building codes before any more major developments are built if they want to get ahead of the curve . It will save them money in the long-run and will make their new communities far more livable than they would be otherwise .
Happy with Nualgi in your Tank ? We want to encourage you to share with a friend so you can both benefit off our new Refer a Friend program . You will get a 50 % discount when you refer a friend to purchase , who will also receive 50 % off one bottle . ( it 's a win – win situation )
Log In Username : Password : Keep me signed in Log In
You must be a logged in customer in order to sponsor a friend
Simply login to the website , add your friend 's first name , last name , email , and a short message about Nualgi . After you submit the form they will then receive an email with the coupon code and you will receive a coupon code by email after they purchase .
Aquarists Take Control of Their Tank with Nualgi
Users from across the world have already experienced the effectiveness of Nualgi in their tanks and have been recapping their trials on social media . This revolutionary nanotechnology allows people to spend more time enjoying their aquarium and less time cleaning it !
Is n't it time you get your friends to join the fun ?
The chances that your exam will be postponed due to a blizzard are slim . The University has not canceled classes for inclement weather in 28 years .
But contrary to campus legend , there is no policy forbidding the University from cancelling classes .
The myth that classes ca n't be canceled because a distraught Law School student sued the University for a day 's tuition following a snow day in the 1970s is unfounded , said Dave Reid , the University 's director of human resources communications .
`` Although there has been a long-standing rumor about such a suit , the University 's Office of the General Counsel has not found record of it , '' they said .
The decision to cancel classes ultimately rests with University President Mary Sue Coleman or an appointed representative .
Because the University is a primarily residential campus , it can often stay open when commuter campuses can not . Paul Courant , then the University 's provost , told the University Record in last year that the University would remain open expect in severe emergencies because it has a responsibility to students for daily services .
The most recent weather-related closure was for two days in January 1978 when the area was blanketed with 19 inches of snow . The Michigan Daily reported at the time that students threw an outdoor beach party and spent the day lounging in snowdrifts while the theme to `` Endless Summer '' blared in the background .
The University has closed two other times in its history for weather - for one day in 1945 and in 1974 .
KELLY FRASER
- Pondering a great mystery of the University ? Let the Daily step in and help you out . E-mail suggestions to news @ michigandaily.com .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor are set to begin a world promotion tour ahead of their historic fight in Las Vegas on August 26 .
The two champions will have a chance to meet before their showdown through a series of press conferences around the globe that will also include live shows .
At the end of their publicity trip , the UFC fighter and their 40-year-old boxing champion will have six weeks to prepare for the £500million showdown .
Their four-day long tour kicks off in Los Angeles and will include Toronto and New York , finally ending at Wembley Stadium in London next Friday .
The press conferences will be open to the public , who can meet their heroes for free , although a limited number of tickets are available for each stage of the tour .
( Image : Getty )
Here is everything you need to know about this first-ever promotional tour .
Dates , Cities and Tickets
Los Angeles
Staples Center , July 11 starting at 8pm ( UK time - 12noon in the US ) .
Tickets are available on AXS.com . Here 's a quick link to the page .
Toronto
Sony Centre for the Performing Arts , July 12 starting at 9.30pm ( UK time ) .
Tickets are not available yet .
( Image : Getty Images )
New York
Barclays Center , Brooklyn , July 13 starting at 9pm ( UK time ) .
Tickets can be purchased on ticketmaster.com . You can find the link here .
London
The SSE Arena , Wembley , July 14 starting at 5pm .
Complimentary tickets are available through The SSE Arena 's website from 12pm on Tuesday , July 11 on a first-come , first-served basis .
Can I watch the London press conference on TV ?
No TV coverage has been announced so far - but you can follow Mirror Sport 's live coverage of the event .
TIME magazine asks : “ What do 1 million reading lists reveal about higher education today ? ” Well , what it reveals is that someone at TIME should n't be writing about reading lists .
Most of the names compiled by the Open Syllabus Project are n't particularly surprising . According to TIME 's “ analysis , ” Toni Morrison , Jane Austen , and Virginia Woolf , all rank high on the top 10 . Though , for some reason , and this had me laughing out loud , George Eliot was accidentally included on the women 's list .
In any event , college-aged women are devouring some eclectic authors , everything from the individualist tracts of Ayn Rand to the dystopian fiction of Naomi Klein . But I was most excited to see Evelyn Waugh , author of Brideshead Revisited and Scoop , one of my favorite novels ever , sneaking in at # 97 . They are awesome .
“ Fighting , fighting , fighting ! ” has become a Thai expression pulled from English vocabulary .
The ladies at an OTOP complex in Saraburi province warmly welcomed Yingluck Shinawatra yesterday and decided to put up a sign , suggesting they should keep up the good “ flight . ”
The sign says “ You are my idol do n't be worry for anything . Everything will be O.K . I love you My president . Flighting ! ”
The canvas sign , which aimed to show the Prime Minister support , contained one misspelling , making it the “ Uneducated people ” of 2014 .
Predictably the mistake turned into an object of internet ridicule , as Yingluck snapped a photo and shared it on their Facebook page , which – surprisingly enough – sometimes draws unkind comments .
“ I hope you flight soon , ” one user commented .
The word “ fighting ” is commonly mistranslated by Thais from “ Su Su ! ” which is a Thai expression used when you want to cheer for someone in a race or just tell them to “ cheer up . ”
Photo : Drama-Addict
Getty Images
The Browns announced 11 undrafted rookie signings on Thursday .
The list is headlined by former Oklahoma linebacker Dominique Alexander , an All-Big 12 picks who went undrafted after giving up their senior season , and former Texas A & M center Mike Matthews , the son of Hall of Famer Bruce Matthews . It was previously reported that the Browns gave Matthews a partial guarantee in 2016 as part of a three-year deal .
The Browns also signed former Maryland kicker Brad Craddock , who won the Lou Groza Award as the nation 's best kicker in 2014 .
The other signings announced by the Browns were former Missouri defensive back Kenya Dennis , former Georgia Tech fullback Patrick Skov , former Pitt tight end J.P. Holtz , former Miami ( Fla. ) defensive back Tracy Howard , former Sam Houston State defensive back Mikell Everette , former Florida State defensive lineman Nile Lawrence-Stample , former West Virginia defensive lineman Kyle Rose and former Kentucky defensive back A.J . Stamps .
With 11 undrafted free agent signings and 14 draft picks , the Browns will have a crowded rookie minicamp next weekend .
The 'supergiant amphipod ' , as it has been described , measures almost 12 inches in length - ten times the size of the normal species - and was found 4.3 miles under the surface of the ocean .
Scientists , who say the crustacean is closely related to the sandhopper , were dumbfounded by their find .
`` It 's always great to be on a ship , where something unusual comes up on the deck and when there 's just that little moment , it only lasts a microsecond when everyone looks at one another and you know that you 've got something special , '' said Ashely Rowden from the New Zealand Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research ( NIWA )
Mr Rowan added that they had many questions about the size of the giant prawn .
`` Is it because of the environmental conditions of that location , or those specific locations of where the records have come from , is it to do with the food environment , so lots of questions start spinning around straight away , '' they said .
391 shares 344
44
3
3D Printing Industry wrote yesterday that German 3D printing manufacturer Concept Laser was a target for takeover after GE 's bid for SLM Solutions Group AG ( FRA : AM3D ) was scuppered by Elliott Management Corporation , the activist hedge fund .
This morning GE confirmed the rumor with the announcement they have acquired a 75 % stake in the privately held company . The new deal values the 3D printing company at $ 599 million .
Concept Laser replaces SLM Solutions as GE 3D printing prize
As previously reported , GE refused to play along with billionaire Paul Singer 's gameplan , a strategy which saw the hedge fund build a stake in SLM Solutions . With other options available to GE this was foreseeable . Concept Laser are manufacturers of the LaserCUSING® range of metal additive manufacturing machines . This is a powder bed based laser melting technique similar to the technology in use at SLM Solutions .
Hedge fund manager Singer has also accumulated stock in GE takeover target Arcam AB ( STO : ARCM ) . As Arcam 's Electron Beam Melting ( EBM ) is still protected by patent , it is less likely the U.S. buyer will be so cool in negotiations . In early trading Arcam AB stock was priced at $ 33.60 , rising almost 10 % as the November 1st deadline for shareholders to accept the GE bid approaches .
3D Printing Industry will continue to bring you the latest on this , and all developments in the additive manufacturing sector . As investment activity in the industrial 3D printing market heats up and companies begin to announce financial results this is undoubtedly an exciting time for those in the business .
The inside track on 3D printing news
We are also pleased to announce a new service to our readers who want to be first with news in the 3D printing industry .
‘ Sliced ' is a new service from 3DPI . This regular digest of 3D printing news will cover announcements about 3D printers , 3D printing materials , 3D scanning and all the information you would expect from a news service setting the agenda in the 3D printing industry .
To get on the inside track and be first with 3D printing news subscribe to our newsletter here and follow us on Twitter here .
Featured image by Michael Petch .
UPDATE : 04:48 EDT : GE have announced ammended terms to the Arcam AB offer . The U.S. company is now offering shareholders in Arcam 300 Swedish Crowns ( $ 33.50 USD ) , up from 285 SEK ( $ 31.80 USD ) and have lowered the acceptance threshold to 75 % . This revision values the Swedish company at $ 696 million and supports our earlier assertion that GE are determined to gain ownership of Arcam 's EBM technology .
UPDATE 2 : 06:11 EDT : SLM Solutions have issued a statement about the failed merger . Dr. Markus Rechlin , CEO of SLM Solutions Group AG , said , “ Being part of the GE Group would have given us the opportunity to accelerate on our growth track . GE had made serious and credible commitments to expand our locations and distribution network . In our view , a successful offer would not only have been in the interest of GE but also in the interest of our company , our employees and our shareholders . ”
SLM Solutions reiterate there previous statement that management and board members , “ had unanimously recommended acceptance of the offer. ” Also in the statement the company advise they still expect to meet financial targets for the year , but this “ will depend to a high degree on the results of the fourth quarter with the important trade fair formnext in Frankfurt . ”
“ The takeover offer and its course have caused increased uncertainty in the market for additive manufacturing and for our customers and employees , ” added Uwe Bögershausen , CFO of SLM Solutions Group AG .
WASHINGTON – While those opposing mandatory vaccination for measles are widely portrayed as ignorant and even dangerous by some officials , pundits and even news media accounts , Centers for Disease Control records reveal a startling truth – while no one has died of measles in the U.S. in the last 12 years , 108 have died as a result of the adverse effects of the vaccine in that same time period .
The death statistics are recorded by Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System , or VAERS , which captures only a small percentage of the actual number of deaths and other adverse reactions to the vaccine . In addition , 96 of the 108 deaths in that 12-year time period were a result of the MMR vaccine , now the preferred shot for measles immunization .
In addition , CDC statistic show measles deaths were rare in the U.S. before the vaccine became widely used .
The adverse reactions to the measles vaccines are much more widespread than death , points out Dr. Lee Hieb , an orthopaedic surgeon and past president of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons who has studied vaccines and written about them in medical journals .
In a recent commentary in WND , the author “ Surviving the Medical Meltdown : Your Guide to Living Through the Disaster of Obamacare , ” revealed that since 2005 there have been 86 deaths from the MMR vaccine – 68 of them children under the age of 3 years old . In addition , there have been nearly 2,000 disabled , according to the VAERS data .
As a result of their study , Hieb questions the zealous push for mandatory measles vaccination .
“ If you believe absolutely in the benefit and protective value of vaccination , why does it matter what others do ? ” they ask rhetorically . “ Or do n't do ? If you believe you need vaccination to be healthy and protected , then by all means vaccinate your child and yourself . Why should you even be concerned what your neighbor chooses to do for their child – if vaccination works ? The idea of herd immunity is still based on the idea that in individual cases vaccines actually are protective . ”
A popular family-owned restaurant will be closing its doors.For nearly 60 years , Caniglia 's Venice Inn near 69th and Pacific streets has been an Omaha staple for Italian food.With old family recipes from Sicily , Eli Caniglia and their four brothers started the business as a pizzeria in 1957 before turning it into an Italian steakhouse . `` We want to spend more time with our family . We do n't want to miss the things we missed with our own kids that we can see with our grandchildren , ” said Chuck Caniglia.The family said they have been getting a lot of offers on the building . `` We wish we could go on and on , but unfortunately , we do n't have somebody else in the family to take over and continue the tradition , ” said Jerry Caniglia. -- Video : Caniglia 's Venice Inn closing this springThe last day the restaurant will be open is April 30 , but the owners said it could possibly stay open through May 3 for Berkshire Hathaway shareholders weekend if the new owner allows it . `` It 's been great . We 've had a lot of wonderful customers , met a lot of people , served a lot of people . We enjoyed every minute of it , ” said Jerry Caniglia.Caniglia 's told their staff about the closing plans Monday . They said they will do their best with their connections with other restaurants to make sure the employees have jobs .
A popular family-owned restaurant will be closing its doors .
For nearly 60 years , Caniglia 's Venice Inn near 69th and Pacific streets has been an Omaha staple for Italian food .
Advertisement
With old family recipes from Sicily , Eli Caniglia and their four brothers started the business as a pizzeria in 1957 before turning it into an Italian steakhouse .
`` We want to spend more time with our family . We do n't want to miss the things we missed with our own kids that we can see with our grandchildren , ” said Chuck Caniglia .
The family said they have been getting a lot of offers on the building .
`` We wish we could go on and on , but unfortunately , we do n't have somebody else in the family to take over and continue the tradition , ” said Jerry Caniglia .
-- Video : Caniglia 's Venice Inn closing this spring
The last day the restaurant will be open is April 30 , but the owners said it could possibly stay open through May 3 for Berkshire Hathaway shareholders weekend if the new owner allows it .
`` It 's been great . We 've had a lot of wonderful customers , met a lot of people , served a lot of people . We enjoyed every minute of it , ” said Jerry Caniglia .
Caniglia 's told their staff about the closing plans Monday . They said they will do their best with their connections with other restaurants to make sure the employees have jobs .
AlertMe
The Node.js framework LoopBack supports multiple connectors for various data sources . Below is a sample how to use the Cloudant NoSQL database in Bluemix .
Check out the sample code on GitHub . It should n't take longer than 15 minutes to set up the sample application . The sample uses basically a CLEAN stack with Cloudant , LoopBack , Express , Angular and Node .
After you 've created the Cloudant service on Bluemix you get your own credentials . The credentials are stored in environment variables and can be accessed by Bluemix applications . When running the same LoopBack applications locally , the credentials need to be copied to a local property file ( env.json ) . The code in bluemix.js reads the credentials and sets up a LoopBack data source programmatically ( it is not defined in datasources.json ) . The code uses the loopback-connector-cloudant which is installed via npm .
In order to make the setup of the sample application as easy as possible , a database is created automatically if it does n't exist and test data is stored in it for demonstration purposes .
In model-config.json you can refer to the Cloudant database in the same way as to other LoopBack data sources .
`` ApprovalRequest '' : { `` dataSource '' : `` cloudant '' , `` public '' : true } , `` Person '' : { `` dataSource '' : `` cloudant '' , `` public '' : true }
While loopback-connector-couch uses map/reduce views , loopback-connector-cloudant uses Cloudant Query . My colleague and developer of the Cloudant connector Tony Ffrench told me that the main benefit of Cloudant Query is that the filtering/ordering/paging is done on the server , vs sending the data across the network .
In the Cloudant dashboard you can invoke queries , for example to change test data directly in the database .
{ `` selector '' : { `` username '' : `` Admin '' } , `` use_index '' : `` _design/lb-index-ddoc-Person '' }
AT & T Warns FCC Of A Parade Of Horribles That Would n't Actually Happen If FCC Reclassifies Broadband
from the fud-fud-fud dept
Section 222 obligations would also kick in , imposing new obligations on a host of entities and causing wholesale disruption of current Internet business models . ISPs at both edges of the network , and transit providers , content delivery networks and others would appear to be statutorily required to take reasonable measures to prevent disclosure or use of information , such as IP addresses , websites visited , customer location information and other data , and they would be precluded from using this information without customer consent . Email providers and search engines , as telecommunications service providers in their own right , could likewise be subject to these requirements .
[ .... ]
Moreover , it is foolish to think that the Commission could reclassify the provision of broadband Internet access to consumers as a telecommunications service without similarly reclassifying a broad array of other functionally analogous services in the Internet ecosystem . For example , there is no logical or legally sustainable basis to distinguish between ISPs serving consumer “ eyeballs ” and those serving content and other edge providers . Likewise , transit providers and content delivery networks ( CDNs ) would be telecommunications service providers subject to Title II , as would connect device customers . ( The latter would be resellers of telecommunications services and thus telecommunications service providers in their own right . ) Indeed , the logic behind reclassification would dictate that when a search engine connects an advertising network to a search request or effectuates a connection between a search user and an advertiser , it too would be providing a telecommunications service . And so too would an email provider that transmits an email or a social network that enables a messaging or chat session . The point is , once the Commission separates transmission from information processing , there is no way logically to limit that rationale to one segment of the Internet and not others . Every entity that provides an over-the-top communications capability , whether it 's voice , text , or video , becomes either a facilities-based provider or a reseller ( or both ) of a telecommunications service .
Craig Moffett of Bernstein Research observed , on the day the Commission proposed Title II reclassification , that : “ Markets abhor uncertainty . Today we got uncertainty in spades. ” They added that “ it is unclear what , precisely , this means for [ other ] information service providers , including Google ” ; that they “ expect [ ed ] a profoundly negative impact on capital investment ” ; and that the “ third way ” was “ an unequivocal negative development [ . ] ”
Jonathan Chaplin of Credit Suisse explained , also in the aftermath of the reclassification proposal , that “ [ t ] he the biggest disconnect between Washington and Wall Street is on how the competitiveness of the industry is viewed . . . . Competition is doing its job and regulations would make it very difficult for companies to get reasonable return on investment . . . . The threat of regulation could discourage investment and cost jobs [ . ] ”
Mike McCormack of J.P. Morgan agreed that investors were “ extremely nervous about what 's coming ” out of this proceeding , and added that “ [ b ] roadband is a very competitive place so there 's no point [ in ] fixing it [ . ] ”
As it appears that the FCC is ( at least publicly ) potentially warming to the idea of reclassifying broadband services under Title II of the Telecommunications Act , we warned that the big broadband providers would go absolutely apeshit . And , so it begins , with AT & T sending a ridiculous FUD-filled letter to the FCC warning it about a whole bunch of horrible things that it says will happen if the FCC does go with the Title II option . Of course , almost nothing it describes is actually true.For example , AT & T pretends ( based on absolutely nothing ) that if the FCC reclassifies broadband providers as telco services , it willreclassify all sorts of other services , including various internet companies such as search and email providers : Except that 's not true . As Jon Brodkin at Ars Technica points out , this appears to ignore basically all of the past dozen years of FCC decisions , including those that defined broadband as information services in the first place . The FCC was able to narrowly tailor those decisions to specific types of broadband , without impacting other types of services , and there 's no reason why it ca n't do so here with reclassification . As Free Press 's Matt Wood told Brodkin : `` Nothing in Title II says that every last provision has to apply to any Title II service . `` AT & T also spends a lot of time quoting idiotic assessments from Wall Street about how reclassification would be viewed by investors . This is a total red herring and actually should workAT & T 's point . After all , if Wall Street had its way , broadband providers would n't invest in their networks at all , because that 's just wasted capital expenditure . The analysts that AT & T quotes are the same people who were hammering Verizon for years about its decision to invest in fiber to the home with its Fios service . That investment -- which Verizon 's CEO Ivan Seidenberg did despite Wall Street freaking out -- helped Verizon build a much better internet offering ( though , the company basically stopped investing in it once Seidenberg left ) . Wall Street 's concerns are about the impact on the next three months . The FCC 's concern is supposed to be on making sure we have a fast and competitive communications infrastructure . Wall Street 's concerns about investment should actually be a clear signal to the FCC that it may be moving in thedirection , in setting up a system whereby the big broadband providers actually have incentives to improve their network.In short , the Wall Street analysts fretting is really just them worried that AT & T ( and others ) might actually have to invest in building a better network . That 's a good thing.Even more hilarious is that nearly all of the Wall Street analyst quotes that AT & T tosses out are from five years ago , and many are insisting that there 's no need for reclassification because of all that `` competition '' in the broadband space . But now we know that was bunk then , and it 's even more bunk today . Look at some of these quotes from the 2009/2010 time frame : There may be a `` disconnect '' between Washington and Wall Street , but there 's also a big disconnect on the actual state of broadband in the US . It 's not competitive and it sucks compared to much of the world . It 's a disgrace , but Wall Street analysts do n't care , because all they want is to make sure that broadband providers are n't doing capital expenditures on actually building a better network . Their short-term , narrow concern is on the next quarterly numbers from AT & T , Verizon and Comcast -- not the overall impact of good broadband infrastructure on basically the entire economy ( including , by the way , those big broadband providers ) . It 's an incredibly short-sighted stance . Ivan Seidenberg did n't fall prey to idiot Wall Street analysts for years -- and yet AT & T insists their word is gospel .
Filed Under : broadband , fcc , fud , net neutrality , open internet , reclassification , title ii , tom wheeler
Companies : at & t
The Bank of England faces cutting borrowing costs to beneath two per cent - or even as low as one per cent - within months as it battles to protect Britain from the financial crisis and the worst recession in decades , economists said .
Such a drastic move would bring rates , currently 4.5 per cent , to their lowest level since the Bank was founded in 1694 .
The rate cut would be good news for borrowers , who have faced sharp increases in their mortgage rates as embattled banks have raised the cost of borrowing in recent months .
However , it would be a blow for Britain 's savers , who have seen their almost £1 trillion worth of deposits eroded by 16-year high inflation .
The forecast came on a turbulent day for world markets , as leading shares in London dropped to their lowest level since the time of the Iraq War in early 2003 , amid growing fears that the financial crisis has not been overcome .
The FTSE 100 benchmark index dropped by 5.4 per cent to 3861.39 points .
There is growing consternation that , in the wake of the financial turmoil , the Western world is slipping into a serious economic slump . In the US the Dow Jones Industrial Average veered sharply after it emerged that American manufacturing output plunged at the fastest rate in 34 years .
Shares in Britain 's biggest insurers including Prudential , Legal & General and Aviva fell by as much as a fifth as concerns grew that they could prove the next victims of the crisis .
Meanwhile , worries mounted that the £2 trillion international bail-out of the banking system had been ineffective , as banks are still unwilling to lend money to each other .
Despite Gordon Brown 's £500 billion bail-out of high street banks the cost of wholesale borrowing has failed to drop back to more reasonable levels .
Such is the scale of the crisis that economists said that the Bank may now be forced into dramatic cuts in its key interest rate in order to prevent the probable recession from escalating into a longer-lasting depression .
Roger Bootle , managing director of Capital Economics and a former Treasury adviser , said the Bank 's Monetary Policy Committee may have to cut rates to below two per cent .
`` It is critical to get rates lower - if the medicine is not working you have to use a stronger dose , '' they said . `` [ The Bank ] needs to get rates down far and fast .
`` They need to be pretty bold . The lowest rates have ever gone is two per cent . They could easily go lower than that now - why not ? After all the Federal Reserve [ in the US ] dropped rates to one per cent . ''
They said that even such a dramatic move , alongside the recent part-nationalisation of UK banks , would not guarantee solving the financial crisis , although it would increase the chances of recovery afterwards .
The Government was warned this week that unemployment could rise to three million in the coming years after the jobless total jumped by the fastest rate since the 1991 recession .
Homeowners were also warned that , even if they are among the third of households with a tracker mortgage which follows the Bank 's rate , they may not benefit if rates fall to such a low level .
Most mortgage lenders , including Halifax and Nationwide , tend to prevent their tracker mortgage rates from being cut further once the Bank 's base rate drops below 3 per cent or 2.75 per cent .
The Bank surprised the City with an emergency half percentage point rate cut last Wednesday , and is widely expected to reduce rates again at its next meeting early next month .
Alan Clarke of BNP Paribas said it may have to cut rates by even more than half a percentage point . They added that although they expect rates to be cut to 2.5 per cent by May , there is a chance that they could have to drop to two per cent or below in the same timeframe .
`` One per cent or lower is not impossible , '' they added . `` The important trigger is the labour market : unemployment over say eight per cent would be a disaster . ''
Tim Congdon , the prominent economist who was one of the few to warn last year that inflation could rise towards five per cent , agreed that borrowing costs could have to drop to around two per cent .
The threat posed by high inflation has receded in recent months , as food and oil prices have dropped sharply .
At below $ 70 a barrel , the crude price is now less than half the level it hit at its peak earlier this year , while wheat prices are a third of their peak price . Many economists now expect inflation to drop to beneath the Bank 's two per cent target by next year .
Five years ago , as share prices hit the trough of the dot-com slump , the Bank cut borrowing costs to 3.5 per cent . The lowest they hit before then was for the 25 years following the Great Depression , when they were kept fixed at two per cent .
HOUSTON - A Gulf Freeway exit ramp in downtown Houston has reopened following successful repairs to the bridge .
TxDOT closed the I-45 southbound exit to McKinney Thursday .
Officials said the closure came after a routine bridge inspection Thursday morning revealed that the bridge `` sustained significant impact from an unreported collision . ''
`` We will always take the necessary steps to assure public safety and closing the bridge until further inspections and repairs can be made is the most prudent course of action , '' Houston District Engineer Mike Alford explained in a written statement .
TxDOT said the damage to the bridge was likely the result of it being hit from below by an oversized trailer traveling on I-45 northbound within the last year .
TxDOT reopened the lanes Friday morning just before 6 a.m .
TxDOT officials said crews were successful in making the necessary repairs and the exit is back open to traffic .
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This video is terrifying . Big Wave surfer Chuck Patterson was stand up paddle surfing in San Clemente , CA when two sharks circled them for 15 minutes . So of course , they went back looking for them the next day .
`` The day before I shot this video , I was SUP [ stand up paddle ] surfing with a couple friends and 2 sharks circled us for about 15 minutes . The next day , I decided to go back out at around the same time and take my camera mounted on a 10 ft pole and do some exploring . Sure enough within 5 minutes , a 9 ft shark came out of nowhere and circled twice and slapped their tail on my board before disappearing . Then a minute later , a 7 ft young juvenile Great White swam circles around me for 12 minutes . ''
Advertisement
I 'm not sure what kind of combo of bravery and complete foolishness you have to do something like that , but wow . Watching this video and knowing that the only thing between the cameraman and those rows of teeth is a little fiberglass plank makes this pretty intense . [ Rats Off via The Daily What ]
File : Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci )
Sixty-eight members of Congress sent a joint letter to U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on Monday , asking that they withdraw an agency proposal that would substantially change how chickens and turkeys are inspected and processed in poultry plants across America .
In the four-page letter , lawmakers said they were worried that the proposed system would “ undermine ” the agency 's “ food safety and humane slaughter practices ” due , in part , to provisions that would replace 40 percent of government inspectors with plant employees while also allowing plants to speed up processing lines by up to 25 percent .
The group of U.S. representatives said the processing line increases would likely compromise the safety of workers , who already suffer from high rates of carpal tunnel syndrome . The letter also cited an Oct. 29 Washington Post article that detailed problems with animal cruelty with current line speeds , which could be exacerbated under the new proposal .
The USDA has said it believes salmonella rates will fall by 1.9 percent under the new system , but the lawmakers pointed to a Government Accountability Office report that raised serious questions about this claim .
“ While we strongly support modernizing our food safety system and making it more efficient , modernization should not occur at the expense of public health , worker safety , or animal welfare , ” the members , led by Reps. Rosa DeLauro ( D-Conn. ) , Jim Moran ( D-Va. ) , Louise Slaughter ( D-N.Y. ) and Bennie Thompson ( D-Miss . ) , wrote to Vilsack . “ We therefore harbor serious concerns over what we believe are the Food Safety Inspection Service ( FSIS ) 's inadequate considerations to date of these issues in promulgating this rule…We urge FSIS to withdraw the proposed rule until the agency has thoroughly addressed its impact on the public , workers , and animals and adherence to good commercial practices . ”
The letter was signed by 67 Democrats and one Republican — Michael G. Fitzpatrick , of Pennsylvania .
USDA officials said they have previously received six letters from members of Congress about the new inspection system since it was first proposed in early 2012 . According to the agency , four letters were against the proposal – one with four signatures and three others with one signature . One letter was in favor of the proposal with 13 signatures while another was neutral with two signatures .
Earlier this month , more than 100 farm , food safety , worker rights , animal welfare and environmental groups sent a joint letter to the White House , asking President Obama to reject the proposal .
According to several food and worker safety groups , Vilsack has said in recent meetings that they hope to finalize the proposed inspection rule as soon as next month . The USDA 's regulatory agenda for this year showed the agency hoped to finalize it in April .
Ashley Earley , a standout forward , recalled that games often seemed easy by comparison .
“ It was 100 percent designed for mental toughness , ” said Earley , now an assistant coach at Vanderbilt , where they were an all-conference player . “ Every practice was a challenge . You were n't going to show up and just do a couple of drills . There was always a goal we were trying to attain . ”
Image “ Sometimes I think college coaches who have always coached talented kids do n't quite have that experience , ” Hugh Freeze said about coaching at a high school . Credit Mark Humphrey/Associated Press
The job came as something of a surprise to Freeze , who was in their first year at the school as a teacher and assistant football coach when they were asked to take over the program . The team had seven players . And while Freeze had played basketball as a three-sport athlete in high school , they were essentially starting from scratch as a basketball coach .
“ Ground zero , man , ” they said .
Freeze conducted some research . One of their first calls was to Kevin McMillan , who was then the coach at Millington High School , a top team in the Memphis area . McMillan , who is now the coach at Tennessee-Martin , said they were surprised to hear from Freeze , since they barely knew each other . But Freeze had questions .
“ He basically said , ‘ What do I need to do to win championships ? ' ” McMillan recalled .
When McMillan and Freeze got together , McMillan cracked open their playbook , sharing their 2-2-1 full-court press , their substitution patterns and their offensive sets . Freeze wanted to know if they ought to treat the girls any differently than they treated the boys on their football team . Absolutely not , McMillan told him .
“ They 're athletes , ” McMillan said . “ Do n't even act like they 're different . ”
Freeze did not expect to stick around in the job , they said . They thought they would finish out the season before handing the keys to someone else . They are , after all , a football coach . Instead , one season with the basketball team became two , and then two became 12 . “ Winning helps , ” they said .
Their winning percentage coaching the basketball team ( .829 ) was actually better than it was with the football team ( .811 ) , and it was not a position they took lightly .
For three days each summer , Freeze and McMillan staged a joint camp for their teams at a high school in Martin , Tenn. Workouts would sometimes run until 11 p.m. Players would sleep in the gym . Freeze and McMillan kept cots in the coaches ' offices .
Jada Mincy , a forward who was a key part of two state championship teams , said Freeze had a knack for getting their players to buy in . The role of pregame speaker rotated from player to player , although Freeze was not opposed to jumping in if they felt the energy was lacking . They had an endless supply of motivational material at the ready .
It 's been a long , dry January . Even without the self-imposed prohibition of new year resolution , the relentless news ticker of grim has made sobering reading : oil price collapse , economic instability , a migration crisis and the looming spectre of Donald Trump as a potentially legitimate US presidential candidate . It 's enough to persuade anyone to get back on the booze .
Thrown into relief against this backdrop , the haute couture presentations in Paris seemed more surreal than ever . In Davos , the key themes of debate were populism and automation — the very antithesis of couture philosophy , which is built on the sale of bespoke handmade garments costing tens of thousands of pounds . Rather than dismiss it , however , one could argue that the business serves as an excellent ( if somewhat flouncy , tulle-sheathed ) metaphor for the state of the world economy .
In a report published on January 18 and presented to delegates in Davos by Winnie Byanyima , Oxfam 's international executive director , “ An Economy for the 1 % ” highlighted the fact that 62 individuals now account for $ 1.76tn of the world 's global wealth . A few score billionaires , therefore , hold the same wealth as the 3.6bn people at the other end of the wealth spectrum — half the world 's population . Nine of the billionaires are women . It makes discussion of the relevance of couture itself irrelevant when one considers that just one of these individuals could likely sustain the entire industry .
Meanwhile , business is booming . Dior couture announced a 60 per cent increase in sales under Raf Simons shortly before they left the house in October , while the British house Ralph & Russo now has an atelier of 110 staff and was given a nine-figure valuation when they sold a minority stake in the business to John Caudwell in 2014 . Giambattista Valli launched their eponymous couture line in 2011 and still retains sole creative and financial independence of their label , acting as both chief executive and creative head . When asked about sales of Chanel haute couture last year , Karl Lagerfeld , the house 's creative director of 33 years , said : “ Unbelievable . It 's incredible how well it 's doing . ”
Giambattista Valli © Catwalking
Couture may be an elitist playground , but the play remains characteristically discreet , especially in Paris , where the taxi drivers were striking and a cloud of depression still hovers over the city in the wake of the Bataclan massacre : at Armani , I was told many Asian clients had cancelled their travel plans for fear of further terrorist atrocities . Another visitor told me their driver had been advised not to wear their chauffeur 's livery lest they be attacked for working in contravention of the taxi union 's advice . The fleets of sleek limousines that customarily dispatch their diamond-clad transport were in limited supply . Nevertheless , the couture clientele were still much in evidence and the sport of admiring its more extraordinary patrons no less entertaining ( the correlation between extreme wealth and extremely bad facial surgery is a very useful measure with which to gauge the 1 per cent ) .
As for the clothes , it was a mixed season , with the aesthetic swinging between elegant restraint and a rather unabashed , brash extravagance : there was no shortage of vulgar gowns . More notable , however , was the shortage in direction , as evidenced by the continued absence of a new creative head at Dior . This season , Dior haute couture was conceived by the house 's studio heads , Lucie Meier and Serge Ruffieux , the creatives charged with keeping Dior on a steady footing until a new designer is finally announced ( at the time of writing the speculation was focused on Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen , and Saint Laurent 's Hedi Slimane ) .
Dior © Catwalking
Dior 's acting custodians , who were joined by five other studio staff to take their bow , had an unenviable task . Their collection was a meditation on the famous Christian Dior “ Bar ” jacket , created as part of The New Look in 1947 and then revitalised under Simons . It 's one of the house 's most distinctive totems . Meier and Ruffieux had played with its proportions , reconstructing it and peeling it seductively down the shoulders , unbuttoning it over delicately embroidered skirts and , in its most charming incarnation , decorating it with lily-of-the-valley beadwork and fluting the sleeves . Staged in a spectacular mirrored set in the grounds of the Musée Rodin , the backdrop was grand , but this gentle , flattering collection that built on Simons ' themes of wearability and careful containment lacked the knockout pieces , panache and precision one craves at Dior .
No such lack of focus at Chanel , where Karl Lagerfeld had taken the themes of ecology and recyclability to create a collection of astonishing ingenuity and refinement . Their spare wooden set recalled the chicest bathhouse in Sweden — grass lawn , a simple , slatted central structure , cerulean blue backdrop .
Chanel © Catwalking
Against all expectations , conservation and couture made a beautiful marriage . No granola hippies here — the eco-details were so subtle as to be almost concealed within the craftsmanship ; a crystal-trimmed tunic dress and pencil skirt looked like tweed but was instead made from thousands of wooden tiles stitched to create a textured mosaic ; wedge shoes were sculptural and cork-soled ; the beads and details were wooden ; feathers were spun into bird motifs , and there were buzzy bee brooches — an expression of Lagerfeld 's concern for their dwindling population .
The show 's highlight , an extraordinary bridal ensemble , featured a long dress worn with a bomber-jacket-cum-opera-coat and train . It looked like an exotic fur . “ No , it was tufts of white cotton , ” said Lagerfeld . Couture cotton wool ; I loved it . The croissant-shaped hairstyles and graphic eye make-up , meanwhile , were a debt to Picasso 's Head of a Woman ( 1931 ) , though Lagerfeld had sensibly refrained from mimicking their giant proboscis nose .
Atelier Versace © Catwalking
Bomber jackets were a recurring theme of the collections , alongside the more usual organza frills , Swarovski crystal and tiered tulle . At Armani Privé the bomber was mauve , iridescent and silky , in keeping with the purple haze that permeated almost every look . At Maison Margiela , it was elevated and exploded in a cloud of brocade and cloqué . Jean Paul Gaultier 's bombers , in mandarin-coloured fur , crushed velvet and old-school black , recalled 1980s trash disco , worn with heavy kohl-rimmed eyes , pyjama suits and smoking cigarettes . At Atelier Versace it was weighty , beaded , multicoloured and sporty . For SS16 , Donatella Versace was focused on athleticism and strength . They had used a “ water jet ” technique to create the clothes ' cage effect and silicon gel to give the collection a spidery sense of fluidity . “ I wanted it to feel like a second skin — like water on the body. ” Whatever about their athletic potential , Versace won gold for casting : the finale featured an Olympian elite of current fashion icons — Mariacarla Boscono , Lara Stone , Joan Smalls and Gigi Hadid among them .
Armani Privé © Catwalking
No supermodels at Valentino , but the designers had drawn on the same themes of movement to create their ethereal collection . The models walked barefoot on a petal-strewn catwalk , save for the antique-looking jewels that laced around their ankles . Sounds cheesy ? It worked . Designers Maria Grazia Chiuri and Pierpaolo Piccioli had been inspired by the dancers Isadora Duncan and Martha Graham , and the technical precision of the Spanish couturier Mariano Fortuny , whose finely pleated Delphos gown , created around 1907 , set the template for modern goddess dressing .
Valentino © Catwalking
The dresses were dreamy and feather-light : “ antiquated ” velvets with gold painted details , whisper-thin tulles in powder-coloured pastels , a cape in a patchwork of Elizabethan brocades and an incredible ivory gown in pleated nappa leather . The duo 's deftness of touch , precision and obsession with the gods of antiquity make them the natural successors to Fortuny . And these gowns had the same transcendent , timeless quality . Graceful , beautiful and completely otherworldly . Unless you 're in the 62 club .
American Grocery closes after 10 years
CLOSE Kirk Ingram , Mixologist at American Grocery Restaurants , demonstrates the AGR 2015 St. Pat 's Cocktail . Stephanie Burnette/Contributor
A longstanding Greenville restaurant has closed its doors . American Grocery Restaurant closed after service Wednesday evening , according to owner , Joe Clarke and Darlene Mann-Clarke .
The two put out a statement through their spokesperson .
`` American Grocery has shared its last service with guests and the restaurant has officially closed , '' the statement said .
Buy Photo On S. Main St . The American Grocery Restaurant . ( Photo : KEN OSBURN/Staff )
AGR opened in 2007 in the West End area as a passionate supporter of local producers . Owners Joe Clarke and Darlene Mann-Clarke worked with dozens of producers , pioneering the farm-to-table idea before the concept gained traction in Greenville .
Over it 's decade-long run , the restaurant gained recognition for creative , innovative and elevated food and service , and for its award-winning beverage program .
Clarke and Mann-Clarke pointed to `` rising rents in the city , rising food prices and the staffing challenges that restaurants are feeling nationwide , '' as impetus for their decision .
Plans call for now focusing their energy `` towards the next step in their careers . '' This includes the growth of Vault & Vator , the speakeasy-inspired craft cocktail bar they opened with Kirk Ingram in April , and development of their underground supper club concept , Renegade Vittles .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.greenvilleonline.com/story/entertainment/dining/off-the-menu/2017/07/06/american-grocery-closes-after-10-years/455025001/
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz and business person Donald Trump are in a dead heat for the Republican presidential nomination in Texas , according to the latest University of Texas/Texas Tribune Poll .
With four months to go before the March 1 primary , each had the support of 27 percent of likely Republican voters . Surgeon Ben Carson and U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida were well back of the leaders at 13 percent and 9 percent , respectively .
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is the first choice of 61 percent of Texas Democrats , building on their earlier support in the state and remaining well ahead of their rivals , U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont and former Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley . Sanders , running second , has been unable to change the fundamental dynamics of a primary where Clinton has the political advantage , as Barack Obama did in 2008 .
“ I just do n't see any signs of weakness , ” said Daron Shaw , co-director of the poll and a professor of government at the University of Texas at Austin .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
Jeb Bush , the scion of the state 's best-known political family and a former governor of Florida , led the list of candidates that Republican voters said they would definitely not support : 25 percent of those voters said they would n't vote for him . Bush was followed closely by U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , former New York Gov . George Pataki , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie and former Virginia Gov . Jim Gilmore .
Trump was tied for sixth with Ohio Gov . John Kasich on that list of undesirables . Cruz was 14th ; only Carson , at 7 percent , attracted a smaller number of “ nevers ” than Cruz .
“ Bush is like old calendars — people are just not having it , ” said Jim Henson , director of the Texas Politics Project at UT-Austin and the poll 's co-director . They noted that Bush was doing especially poorly with Republicans who identify with the Tea Party — the most active voters in the GOP . “ This is the wrong time for Bush , ” they said .
Democrats were more amenable to their candidates . Harvard University law professor Lawrence Lessig ( 6 percent ) , topped the list of candidates who Democratic voters said they would definitely not support . O'Malley ( 4 percent ) , was last ; the other two fell in between .
The numbers have shifted some since the previous UT/TT survey in June — a poll conducted when a number of official and unofficial exploratory campaigns were still underway .
Clinton led the Democratic field in the June UT/TT Poll with 53 percent support . Sanders ' numbers increased in the current poll , too , in part because two prospective candidates included in that survey — Vice President Joe Biden and U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts — decided not to run .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The two leading Republican candidates in the latest survey — especially Trump — scooped up support that in June was going to two candidates who have since left the race : former Texas Gov . Rick Perry and Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker . Cruz had 20 percent in that June poll ; Trump was back in the dust at 2 percent .
“ The summer of Trump had not started when we did the last poll , ” Henson said . “ He was not really in the race . ”
Good Grades , Bad Grades
Voters were also surveyed for their opinions of several officeholders , political figures and the political parties themselves .
Asked about Texas Gov . Greg Abbott , 44 percent said they had a favorable impression , while 30 percent said they have an unfavorable one . The rest were either undecided or said they have a neutral opinion of the governor . Their numbers have been in the same vicinity for a while : 48-29 in June , and 46-28 in the February UT/TT survey .
A striking difference between the ratings of the state 's two U.S. senators can be attributed to Republicans who identify with the Tea Party . Overall , John Cornyn got favorable marks from 26 percent and unfavorable ones from 32 percent ; Cruz 's numbers were 41 percent favorable and 38 percent unfavorable . The big difference ? Among Tea Party Republicans , 45 percent gave Cornyn unfavorable marks , while only 15 percent of non-Tea Party Republicans rated them poorly . Only 5 percent of the Tea Party group had unfavorable opinions of Cruz , compared with 19 percent of non-Tea Party Republicans .
“ The idea that there is an insurgency in the GOP is not a metaphor — it 's a fact , ” Henson said about those numbers . “ Republicans have a big block of dissidents in their party . ”
Overall , fewer voters feel strongly about Cornyn : 42 percent said they were either neutral or had no opinion . Only 20 percent checked that box when rating Cruz .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
Trump and Clinton — two polarizing figures in national politics — turn out to be polarizing in Texas , too . Each got favorable marks from 34 percent of the voters . Trump got bad grades from 51 percent , and Clinton from 56 percent . Trump got unfavorable notices from 76 percent of Democrats , from 52 percent of independents and from 32 percent of Republicans . Clinton 's numbers were partisan , too : They got thumbs down from 15 percent of Democrats , 63 percent of independents and 89 percent of Republicans .
The favorable ratings for the two political parties were similar : 30 percent for the Republicans and 32 percent for the Democrats . So were the unfavorable marks : 49 percent for the Republicans and 52 percent for the Democrats .
Some impressions of the parties were somewhat surprising . For instance , 8 percent of voters who identified themselves as Democrats have unfavorable views of the Democratic Party , and 24 percent of self-identified Republicans have unfavorable opinions of the GOP . The disapproval comes from Republicans who identify with the Tea Party , 46 percent of whom have unfavorable impressions of the GOP . Republicans who do n't identify with the Tea Party are happier : Only 12 percent of those have an unfavorable opinion of the party .
The University of Texas/Texas Tribune internet survey of 1,200 registered voters was conducted from Oct. 30 to Nov. 8 and has an overall margin of error of +/- 2.83 percentage points . Among registered voters in Republican primary races , the margin of error is +/- 4.21 percentage points ; in Democratic primary races , it is +/- 4.57 percentage points . Numbers in charts might not add up to 100 percent because of rounding .
This is the first of several stories on the latest University of Texas/Texas Tribune Poll . Tomorrow : What Texas voters think about various state and federal officeholders and institutions .
Disclosure : The University of Texas at Austin is a corporate sponsor of The Texas Tribune . A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here .
Reference UT/TT Poll , November 2015 - Summary ( 222.3 KB ) DOWNLOAD
Reference UT/TT Poll , November 2015 - Methodology ( 66.2 KB ) DOWNLOAD
Reference UT/TT Poll , November 2015 - Crosstabs ( 1.1 MB ) DOWNLOAD
From southern Ohio down to Alabama and increasingly up the Eastern Seaboard , drug users are dying by the scores in a strange new way : by overdosing on elephant tranquilizer .
The drug , called carfentanil , comes from labs in China—usually mailed to users who buy it online or shipped to cartels in Mexico who smuggle it across the southern border—and is 10,000 times more potent than morphine . Federal law enforcement officials across the eastern half of the country told The Daily Beast they have seen an alarming increase in the number of people dying by overdosing on this drug , and that they 're searching for the toughest prosecutorial strategies to try to stop the deaths .
The problem is metastasizing as Congress pushes for a health care overhaul many experts fear could make the opiate problem even worse . It 's an epidemic that killed more people than car accidents did in 2015 , and has federal prosecutors increasingly looking to get offenders responsible for those deaths sentenced to decades in prison—a strategy some prosecutors hope could prevent deaths , but which is n't without controversy .
The carfentanil deaths started last summer in Northeast Ohio . Though the opioid epidemic has torn through the United States for years , with heroin and prescription painkiller-linked deaths steadily climbing , it took dystopian twist in Akron in July . That 's where people first started overdosing on carfentanil , according to Russ Baer , a DEA special agent who follows the issue . Zoos use the drug to tranquilize elephants and rhinos , and Chinese labs manufacture it and ship it to the U.S. and Mexico , they said . Some American users have it delivered directly in the mail , but law enforcement officials concurred that the bulk of it moves from Chinese manufacturers to Mexican cartel distributors , who ship it up into the United States , often cutting into shipments of heroin , cocaine , or fentanyl ( another synthetic opioid that is 50 times stronger than heroin ) as a cheap way to make those drugs much stronger . Low-level distributors then sell those drugs to users , who are often unaware that a product they think is just cocaine or heroin includes a secret ingredient that makes it much more potent—and lethal .
Mike Tobin , a spokesperson for the U.S. attorney 's office in the Northern District of Ohio , said users do n't seem to know what 's in the drugs they consume .
“ What we 're seeing , anecdotally at least , is it 's a amateur hour on the user side and it 's a amateur hour on the dealer side , ” they said . “ We ca n't prove it , but the sense is they 're selling whatever they get in the mail from China or that 's coming over the Southern border . ”
Baer agreed .
“ I ca n't imagine that people would deliberately and willfully ingest carfentanil , ” Baer said . “ It is so outrageously dangerous . ”
That has n't kept people from ingesting it , and dying by the dozens . It 's proven especially deadly in Ohio and Kentucky , states hit hard by the opioid epidemic . Benjamin Glassman , the U.S. attorney for Ohio 's Southern District , said their office has been charging low-level dealers with federal crimes that carry 20-year mandatory minimum sentences in hopes of deterring the sale of fentanyl and carfentanil . Those sentences only apply when dealers sell to users who then overdose .
Last September , Glassman 's office announced the indictment of two people for selling drugs containing carfentanil to users who then overdosed ( though non-fatally ) . Since then , they said they have seen anecdotal evidence that some dealers in the district are more circumspect about synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil .
“ The deterrent does n't last a long time , ” they said . “ But it will cause a reaction of what we 're seeing on the streets for a period of time . ”
And Carlton Shier , the acting U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky , said their office has had the same experience—concluding that the threat of lengthy sentences for dealers whose customers overdosed could make them hesitant to sell those drugs .
“ When we listen to jail calls , they 're talking about it , ” they said . “ They 're worried that they 're going to get hammered . ”
They said their office has pursued upward of three dozen cases over the last two years charging dealers with lengthy sentences after their customers overdosed . They added that that 's a significant increase from years past , and that carfentanil prosecutions have contributed to the uptick . Trace amounts of the substance can be lethal , they added , and their office has found dealers with significant quantities of it .
“ A single gram of this stuff could kill thousands , and we 're getting people with tens of grams , ” they said . “ It 's pretty awful stuff . ”
And that 's informed their office 's view on how to go after dealers .
It 's a controversial strategy . Kevin Ring , the president of Families Against Mandatory Minimums , said there 's scant evidence of a correlation between lengthy prison sentences and lowered drug crime rates , but those sentences are pricey for taxpayers and can separate people from their families for unjustly long periods of time .
“ We 've had federal drug mandatory minimums on the books for 30 years , ” they said . “ Drug use has remained the same ; drug prices have fallen , not risen . Now we 're seeing an explosion in abuse of particular drugs and we 're told we need more of the same of the thing that did n't prevent the problem in the first place . ”
Some U.S. attorneys feel urgency because the problems in their states are getting worse—and fast . Deirdre Daly , the U.S. attorney for Connecticut , said the death toll there was eye-popping : just a handful of fentanyl deaths in 2012 , then 188 in 2015 , and then more than 446 in 2016 . They said carfentanil has n't hit their state yet , and that their office has n't pushed for the 20-year mandatory minimum charges , but sometimes asks family members of deceased users to give statements to judges before sentencings .
And in the last 12 months , their office has worked on two huge fentanyl cases . Last May , they said their office worked with the DEA and New Britain police to identify a large distributor of fentanyl . They got a Title 3 wiretap and seized 2.5 kilos of the drug and $ 800,000 . Daly said the dealers likely bought the drug from a Chinese lab through the so-called Dark Net . It was the first major fentanyl bust in the state . Then a few days before Christmas , law enforcement officers pulled over a tractor trailer that was headed for Waterbury , Connecticut . It was carrying 55 pounds of fentanyl—a street value of $ 1.5 million . It was the largest seizure yet in the state , and one of the largest in the country .
But their office does n't just focus on massive cases like that . Though federal prosecutors do n't typically go after low-level dealers , they said they instructed police officers to start treating the sites of overdose deaths like crime scenes , gathering evidence to try to find the dealers who sell users the drugs that kill them .
“ We decided because people are dying , we had to do something , ” they said .
More than 900 people total died by overdosing on drugs in Connecticut last year , they added—more than three times the number of people who died in car accidents in the state . The bulk of those deaths were opioid-related , and fentanyl was a huge part of that .
The federal prosecutors we spoke with concurred that it 's not a problem they can arrest their way out of—an attitude that John Horn , the U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Georgia , said is fairly new . Instead , there 's a consensus that pushing back against the opioid epidemic involves working with community leaders , faith groups , and public health officials , as well as law enforcement . In Atlanta , they said their office and other law enorcement officials have had heartening success working with community leaders to help clean up the English Avenue neighborhood—once a harbor for drug deals . The national implication : Law enforcement ca n't fix this alone .
“ The problem and its relationship to the abuse of prescription drugs and the addictive nature of the opioids tells me that it 's going to need many more players at the table to solve comprehensively , ” they said .
The law enforcement officers we spoke with declined to discuss how the public policy debate roiling Capitol Hill could impact their efforts . Many outside experts concur that the Republican Party 's proposed replacement for the Affordable Care Act could make efforts to counter opioid addiction harder , since it would cut funding for many treatment programs—particularly in Ohio . The New England Journal of Medicine , for instance , published an article earlier this month detailing how people trying to recover from drug addictions in rural communities could have a harder time affording treatment . And on Tuesday evening , news broke that the White House was considering a deal to reduce some requirements on insurance plans as part of that health care overhaul—including requirements that those plans cover addiction treatment .
It 's a problem that 's become as lethal as the HIV/AIDS epidemic , and everyone agrees it demands a comprehensive , multi-pronged approach . The only question is how many people will die by accidentally taking elephant tranquilizer before that happens .
Photo by SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images
The announcement by National Public Radio that it 's opening access to an application programming interface , or API , seemed like it should be of interest only to a relative handful of tech developers . * In fact , it is a significant and smart next step in NPR 's strategy to become the Pandora of news .
In 2014 , NPR introduced a streaming player , NPR One ; podcasts and NPR One are NPR 's fastest-growing digital properties . Demian Perry , NPR 's director of mobile , now says , `` We have tested and refined the experience to the point that it is ready to scale to multiple platforms , '' in addition to its current roster of major hitters : iOS , Android , Windows Phone , etc . But NPR is a lean organization—how can it create versions of the player for the hundreds of new versions of smartphones , tablets , wearables , and who-knows-what's-next else without setting its pledge drive to stun ?
Advertisement
Answer : You open up an API to let other developers to do it for you .
You can think of an API as a website designed to be accessed by applications requesting data from that site . * Some APIs are intended to enable developers to come up with their own novel ways of using an organization 's data , but as the new NPR One Developer Center makes clear , this API is solely intended to be used by authorized developers who are creating device-specific versions of the NPR One player .
Like Pandora , NPR One fetches content from the cloud—in this case , NPR's—based on each individual user 's pattern of behavior . Also like Pandora , the NPR stream continuously adjusts to listeners ' preferences as expressed by their behavior . `` If they mark a story as interesting or skip it , we gather that data , '' says Perry , `` and over time we 're able to use that listening history to predict what their rating will be on every news story that 's being released today. ” As a result , “ we can put the story you 're most likely to enjoy as the next one in your queue. ” ( But unlike Pandora : unlimited skips . )
As the players proliferate across platforms , NPR will know what you have already heard across whatever set of devices you listen on . You wo n't get the same story twice , even if you switch devices . NPR might , however , serve you a Cinco de Mayo story from a few years ago on some future May 5 if your behavior indicated that you liked this year 's story , and if you have n't already heard the archived story . ( Perry points out that this is another difference from Pandora : Users of the music streaming service like to hear content more than once . )
Advertisement
Developers have to be authorized by NPR because , says Perry , “ We have to balance the need to keep our user data secure with our public media dedication to openness . ” For that reason , the “ first tier ” of developers will be “ partners we 've worked in the past or have a prior relationship with . ”
The news comes a week after NPR 's April 29 announcement that virtually any piece of NPR audio content—more than 800,000 items—now can be embedded in a Web page by anyone who knows how to copy and paste HTML . For example , please enjoy :
These easy-bake widgets make it easier for sites to include particular NPR stories . The One Developer Center , on the other hand , speeds the deployment of NPR players that stream personalized news .
“ The primary benefit [ for NPR ] is helping to create ubiquity for the NPR One listening experience , ” says Perry . “ We 're trying to take this experience and have it be accessible from every platform . Users can turn it on and get the same experience in their IOS app or their Web app or any device . ''
NPR being NPR , Perry says their recommendation algorithms will steer listeners away from comfortable filter bubbles . So no matter how hard you press the ” interesting '' button for the Miley Cyrus think piece you just heard , NPR is still going to stream you that story about events in Ukraine .
Classic NPR .
Correction , May 13 , 12:30 p.m. : This post originally misstated that API stands for application program interface . It stands for application programming interface .
Monday 29th September is an important date in the world of particle physics . For on this day in 1954 , the convention was ratified that founded CERN ( French for Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire ) . Over the course of the last 60 years , CERN has become one of the most famous and best-funded science organisations on the planet : its 2014 budget is somewhere in the region of £786 million . It is also the birthplace , incidentally , of the World Wide Web .
The most publicised discovery was , of course , that of the Higgs boson by scientists working at CERN 's Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) . Now , less than year before the LHC restarts in April 2015 , pressure is rising on the scientists at CERN 's vast underground science facility on the outskirts of Geneva . With little conclusive evidence yet found for supersymmetry , what if the Higgs boson was the high point ? Will the LHC have proved an expensive white elephant ?
For theoretical physicist John Ellis this is what makes it exciting . “ It 's just great to have a feeling that new knowledge about nature is emerging and that this is the place where the information is coming out . It 's like sitting on top of a volcano . ”
But this is not a new experience for Ellis , who has been at CERN since 1978 . They started off as a postdoctoral researcher then becoming head of the theory division for six years before working on relations with non-member states . “ For me personally , ” they say , “ it 's been fantastically fulfilling. ” Ellis 's research has focused primarily on particle physics – especially with regards to direct experimentation – until they retired in 2011 . Their retirement , though , is “ purely formal ” : they are still a visiting professor at CERN , and is working on a research project that 's shared between CERN and King 's College London , where Ellis is currently Clerk Maxwell Professor of Theoretical Physics . In 2012 they were also appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) .
Beyond the Higgs boson
The Higgs boson may have captured the headlines , but for Ellis , who has been at CERN some three decades , that was just one of a string of major breakthroughs . Looking back , they pick out two other key moments : firstly , the 1983 of the massive vector bosons responsible for the weak interaction , known as the W and the Z . “ That was a real technical tour de force , ” says Ellis , “ which was first of all a great entrepreneurial idea about how an existing CERN accelerator could be turned into a high-energy collider . ”
Not far behind that was the 1973 discovery of neutral current weak interactions . “ It 's a bit esoteric , ” they admit , “ but the thing was , in the standard model there were these new types of weak interactions . Like analogues of radioactivity , they had been predicted but never been seen . A lot of people said that they did n't exist , but there was an experiment here using the Gargamelle bubble chamber that made a determined effort to go out and find them . In fact when they did find them , then there was a different experiment at Fermilab , ironically led by Carlo Rubbia [ the same man who subsequently came to CERN , proposed this idea of turning our accelerator into a collider and used it to discover the W and Z bosons ] . They said , ‘ this is rubbish , this is not real , this result is wrong ' . But it was right . That , I think , really opened the floodgates towards experimental verification of the standard model . ”
But it is still the Higgs boson that people most associate with CERN and the LHC in particular . Did they find what they were expecting to find ? “ At this juncture , ” replies Ellis , “ I like to tell the story of when Mrs Thatcher came to CERN , ” before the W and the Z were discovered . “ I explained to them the theoretical physics and I proposed to them the experiment and the things that we might look for , but that of course I hoped we 'd find something different . But Mrs Thatcher liked things to be the way that they liked them to be , and so they said : ‘ Would n't it be better if you found what you predicted ? ' And I replied : ‘ Actually , not really , because then you would n't have a clue how to advance ! '
The point Ellis is making is that , although the discovery of something that looks like the standard model Higgs boson is largely good news , the physicists at CERN are hoping for something more . “ We 're all hoping there 's going to be some discrepancy with the standard model . Nothing has shown up yet , but obviously when we restart the LHC we will get much more detailed measurements and some discrepancy may well show up – we certainly hope that it does . ”
This is where the focus will be when the LHC restarts in April 2015 . As Ellis explains : “ What we want to do in general – and this is sort of bread and butter physics – would be to check the properties of the Higgs boson . But then because you 've got this big increase in energy and eventually a big increase in collision rate there are lots of new prospects opening up for discovering things beyond the standard model . People are very optimistic and excited , but there 's still people who are properly cautious . ”
What next for CERN ?
Beyond April 2015 , Ellis is one of the scientists responsible for looking ahead to CERN 's longer-term future . As chair of the CERN committee to investigate physics opportunities for future proton accelerators , they are looking at a range of different ideas . “ At the moment CERN obviously has got its hands full , ” they say , “ in terms of upgrading the LHC and getting the full bang for the bucks being spent on it . But , equally , because of the incredibly long lead-time for future projects there is research and development for various possible options . ”
One of these options is a linear e+e- collider which might be up to 50 kilometres long . Scientists in Japan are also working on a similar project . “ But , ” explains Ellis , “ we think that one could get to higher energies in the same length tunnel , that 's why it 's called the compact linear collider . So that might be interesting. ” The other option is a very large circular collider : perhaps three or four times the size of the LHC . “ Eventually it could collide protons , ” Ellis predicts , “ but maybe as a first step might collide electrons and positrons a little bit like how the Large Electron-Positron Collider preceded the LHC . For proton-proton collisions , with planned improvements in magnets , you can get up to maybe 100 teraelectronvolts in the centre of mass . With electrons and positrons you could probably get to a factor of two higher energy than LEP . But the other great thing about it is the very high collision rate , an order of magnitude higher than what we had with LEP , and also a significant factor larger than the Japanese linear collider project . ”
So it would still be reaching energies which had n't been reached before with an accelerator or a collider of that type ? Not necessarily , says Ellis : “ For the photon-proton , for the e+e- , the energies are not enormous . They would be less than other e+e- linear collider projects – so deciding what experiment you want to do will depend very much on what the LHC discovers in run two . And the plan is in four or five years time to come back to the CERN council with some specific idea of what the next project might be . ”
All of this , however , will depend on what LHC finds once it reopens in 2015 . What if it fails to make any significant new breakthroughs ? As Ellis explains : “ It might discover new particles that you can pair produce at a high-energy e+e- machine . Or it might not , and if it does n't that 's where you might decide that 's where you 're going to put a premium on very precise studies of the Higgs boson . In which case a circular e+e- machine at lower energies might be where you want to go . ”
A spirit of collaboration
As well as such cutting-edge scientific discoveries , one of the most interesting aspects of CERN is the collaborative approach of the scientists who work there . It 's something shared by many large-scale , internationally funded science projects , and perhaps it 's an approach with wider reaching implications . Ellis describes the visits of various UK politicians and civil servants who were interested in applying this approach to climate science , for example . “ There are certainly other areas where this sort of organisation could add value , ” Ellis believes .
They also tell of the visit of Shimon Peres , during the period when they were President of Israel . “ This was at a time when Israeli membership of CERN was on the agenda , '' they recall . “ It was probably after it had been approved in principle but before Israel formally became a member . So we had a round-table with them and a bunch of physicists , including , I might mention , one Palestinian student , who did n't seem to have any qualms about sitting down with the Israeli president . ”
“ At some point , out of the blue , Shimon Peres started saying that in their view the nation state was sort of obsolete ; it had come into existence in order to gather and control resources , in order to field armies , in order to defend and gain more territory . They said that in their view now the point was n't to gain territory , but to build intellectually , and that this was best done by a form of association . Obviously they very much had in mind CERN , where you have like-minded scientists from around the world collaborating together for topics of common interest . I find that a very interesting set of remarks from , after all , the president of Israel , and someone who played a very large role in building up the defence capacity of Israel . ”
You can learn John Ellis ' account of what physicists do and do n't know in our free online IAI Academy course : A Brief Guide to Everything
Igor Chudinov will remain acting PM until a successor is chosen
Kyrgyzstan 's government has announced its resignation , as a result of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev 's call for sweeping reforms .
`` Today the full cabinet submitted its resignation , '' spokesperson Marat Kadyraliyev told reporters .
Mr Bakiyev has recently discussed making major changes to the Kyrgyz government to increase their own power .
Mr Bakiyev was re-elected in July , after a vote which was criticised by Western election monitors .
In a statement , President Bakiyev 's office said their ruling Ak Zhol party would nominate a new candidate for the premiership later on Tuesday . The candidate will then be voted on by the parliament .
The resignations came as President Bakiyev announced changes to reduce the number of ministries and to bring some agencies , such as the National Security Committee , under their direct control .
Cities are becoming more crowded , people are buying more cars and mass transit is reaching capacity . At some point , there will be no room to move . That 's where bikes come in . Even better , that 's where e-bikes come in .
That 's what Horace Dediu , an analyst and self-described disruption theorist , and Hong Quan , president of Karmic Bikes , are on the cast to talk about . They joined TechCrunch Editor-in-Chief Matthew Panzarino to talk about electrified wheels and whether they have a chance to thrive in a car culture .
Traction for this form of electrified transportation in the U.S. is slow . There is n't enough density , says Quan , and there will never be enough adoption . And while there is a movement starting with investments in bike-sharing companies , cars still rule .
Contrast this with e-bike use in other parts of the world where city planners are part of the solution . In Europe , cities like Copenhagen for instance , city lights are timed to bike speeds . And during snowfall , by law , bike lanes are cleared first . “ The car people become the outcasts , ” says Dediu , who is bullish on adoption in the U.S. “ Bikes are eating cars , ” they said . There 's an image for you .
So what 's the answer ? Well , according to Quan , if you build it , people will use it . But if you do n't build it you have no evidence that they will . Logical .
Click play above to listen to the first episode of The TechCrunch Podcast and subscribe on iTunes , Pocket Cast and Overcast .
Archival Blathering Feb 2019 ( 2 ) Feb 2018 ( 20 ) Jan 2018 ( 3 ) Feb 2017 ( 21 ) Jan 2017 ( 2 ) Jul 2016 ( 1 ) Feb 2016 ( 23 ) Sep 2015 ( 1 ) Jul 2015 ( 2 ) Feb 2015 ( 24 ) Apr 2014 ( 1 ) Mar 2014 ( 1 ) Feb 2014 ( 16 ) Jan 2014 ( 6 ) Jun 2013 ( 1 ) Feb 2013 ( 18 ) Jan 2013 ( 5 ) Dec 2012 ( 1 ) Aug 2012 ( 1 ) Jul 2012 ( 3 ) Jun 2012 ( 5 ) May 2012 ( 3 ) Apr 2012 ( 4 ) Mar 2012 ( 6 ) Feb 2012 ( 23 ) Jan 2012 ( 6 ) Dec 2011 ( 7 ) Nov 2011 ( 4 ) Oct 2011 ( 4 ) Sep 2011 ( 4 ) Aug 2011 ( 5 ) Jul 2011 ( 4 ) Jun 2011 ( 4 ) Feb 2011 ( 21 ) Jan 2011 ( 1 ) Dec 2010 ( 2 ) Feb 2010 ( 22 ) Jan 2010 ( 1 ) Dec 2009 ( 1 ) Nov 2009 ( 2 ) Oct 2009 ( 33 ) Sep 2009 ( 11 ) Jul 2009 ( 1 ) Jun 2009 ( 1 ) May 2009 ( 4 ) Apr 2009 ( 6 ) Mar 2009 ( 9 ) Feb 2009 ( 25 ) Jan 2009 ( 12 ) Dec 2008 ( 3 ) May 2008 ( 1 ) Mar 2008 ( 1 ) Feb 2008 ( 19 ) Jan 2008 ( 8 ) Dec 2007 ( 2 ) Aug 2007 ( 1 ) Jul 2007 ( 1 ) Jun 2007 ( 1 ) Mar 2007 ( 3 ) Feb 2007 ( 18 ) Jan 2007 ( 13 ) Dec 2006 ( 2 ) Jun 2006 ( 1 ) May 2006 ( 3 ) Mar 2006 ( 2 ) Feb 2006 ( 22 ) Jan 2006 ( 8 ) Oct 2005 ( 1 ) Aug 2005 ( 1 ) Jun 2005 ( 2 ) May 2005 ( 1 ) Apr 2005 ( 2 ) Mar 2005 ( 3 ) Jan 2005 ( 2 ) Dec 2004 ( 1 ) Nov 2004 ( 6 ) Oct 2004 ( 1 ) Dec 2003 ( 1 )
Journalists raise their hands as they wait to be called on to ask questions of President Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) . ( Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP )
Columnist
I wanted this column to be about something other than the man in the White House . To look away now and then is a healthy discipline .
But President Trump 's impulsive attack on their predecessors , blurted during a joint news conference with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) , has raised again a question that has haunted me since their inaugural address . Is Trump patriotic ?
In case you missed it , the president was asked why they had been quiet for nearly two weeks about the deaths of four American soldiers in Niger on Oct. 4 . Trump could have answered in a number of ways : by noting the danger of speaking ahead of all the facts ; by citing the need for care with details of a covert operation . Instead , they hemmed and hawed about letters they had written to the families of the dead soldiers ( but not yet sent ) , before adding that they might call the families , too , if they have time .
Shifting to the attack , as they often do when they feel threatened , Trump accused their predecessors of failing to appreciate fully the toll of their decisions on the men and women they command .
`` If you look at President Obama and other presidents , most of them did n't make calls , a lot of them did n't make calls . I like to call when it 's appropriate , when I think I am able to do it . They have made the ultimate sacrifice , '' Trump said .
Put aside the casual insincerity of this calumny , which had them backpedaling the moment it left their mouth . They tried to take back `` most '' and substitute `` a lot . '' And do n't expect them to call every family — only those that are `` appropriate , '' and only when they think they are `` able to do it . '' ( At that point they had called none of the four families . )
What struck me was Trump 's contempt for their predecessors . With scarcely a thought , they attacked not their policies , but their characters , accusing them of being casual about the deaths of American soldiers .
In their eye-opening book `` The Presidents Club , '' my friends Nancy Gibbs and Michael Duffy documented the deep and complex empathy fostered among sitting presidents and their predecessors . Only they can understand the weighty experience of the office , and this makes even bitter political rivals into `` fellow travelers in the parallel universe where past , present , and future blur , where the terrain of regret looks very different and where there is hardly ever such a thing as a perfect outcome . ''
However , the newest club member appears incapable of empathy . Thus , they can malign not just the decisions but also the decency of previous presidents . And not as a matter of principle — merely on impulse , a whim .
Patriotism does n't require us to praise what is not praiseworthy . Like any other American , Trump is free to criticize as they see fit . But when an elected leader disparages , without cause , the good faith of other elected leaders , they are tearing the country down . What sort of nation , after all , would elect them ?
I might be reading too much into a passing remark , except that Trump has been at this business from the beginning . Their campaign was a tirade against `` stupid '' leaders who never managed to accomplish things that they would deliver on Day One . ( We 're still waiting . ) The transition was filled with talk of incompetent intelligence agencies . Their inaugural address told the world that America 's bipartisan foreign policy of the previous 75 years was only a craven and deliberate theft of the nation 's wealth by its own leaders , to be `` redistributed all across the world . ''
No one could hear and heed that speech without thinking less of the United States . For this was not some buck-chasing talk-show host tossing veiled charges of treason . This was the new president .
I do n't think we 've ever been led by a person with such a low opinion of America . And I 'm hardly the only one to notice . Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) , whose military service Trump denigrated during their campaign , had this to say on Monday : `` To fear the world we have organized and led for three-quarters of a century , to abandon the ideals we have advanced around the globe , to refuse the obligations of international leadership and our duty to remain 'the last best hope of Earth ' for the sake of some half-baked , spurious nationalism '' — to be Trump , in other words — is `` unpatriotic . ''
The president insists that football players show respect for the national anthem , yet they have no respect for the good faith of those who served before him . They complain that critics are unfair to them even as they unfairly malign their predecessors . At 71 , Trump is experiencing public service for the very first time . We can but hope that the value of it will eventually dawn on him .
Read more from David Von Drehle 's archive .
As many of you have heard , tickets for Star Wars : The Force Awakens are going on sale in the next week . I am asking a very special favor from our friends and readers in the Star Wars community . I ask that you buy your tickets to your first screenings of Star Wars : The Force Awakens via MakingStarWars.net . We have made a deal with Fandango which will give us a cut of the proceeds we will donate to charity .
All of MakingStarWars.net 's proceeds from ticket sales for Star Wars : The Force Awakens will be donated to FORCE FOR CHANGE . We will keep 0.0 % of the proceeds .
When tickets officially go on sale , you will see links on MakingStarWars.net to buy your tickets through Fandango . By following those links , it will ensure that we can do something nice with our love of Star Wars and give something back .
I challenge our readership to sell 10,000 tickets to Star Wars : The Force Awakens , help us make a good donation to FORCE FOR CHANGE , and prove that our readers put booties in seats ! Buy all your tickets and the tickets for your friends through MakingStarWars.net/tickets .
When tickets go on sale this link will work for our cause : MakingStarWars.net/tickets
We will run the contributions for ticket sales from the time tickets go on sale until the final day of January 2016 . We will then post proof the money was donated to Force for Change .
The prevailing wisdom that aggregate demand ‘ shocks ' determine short-run cyclical fluctuations around a supply-determined equilibrium growth rate and an associated equilibrium unemployment rate ( or NAIRU ) has been called into question by various streams of literature in the last decades . Specifically , a recently revived literature on hysteresis finds significant persistence in the effects of recessions and negative aggregate demand shocks ( Blanchard et al . 2015 ; Martin et al . 2015 ) .
This paper aims to assess such tendency to return to a supply-determined potential output , independent of aggregate demand , after episodes of demand expansion . In line with the ‘ hysteresis ' literature , we assess the persistence of aggregate demand effects on key macroeconomic outcomes . However , in contrast with much of that literature , we assess whether ‘ persistence ' is detected also in instances of demand expansion .
We study 94 episodes of demand expansion in 34 OECD countries between 1960 and 2015 . We look at the sum of primary public expenditure and exports , a variable we call ‘ autonomous demand ' . We define an expansion as a large yearly percentage increase in autonomous demand , ‘ large ' meaning more than a standard deviation above the country mean . W e analyse the impact of these expansions on key macroeconomic outcomes in the subsequent decade , using various techniques to deal with endogeneity . We employ two main approaches : a dynamic two-way fixed-effects model , analogous to a standard difference- in-differences estimation , and a propensity score-based specification which explicitly models selection bias . We find a highly significant persistent effect on the GDP level : a one-off expansion in our autonomous demand variable by ( an average of ) 5 % is associated 10 years later to a GDP level higher by around 3 % , with no sign of mean-reversion . We also document strong persistent effects on capital stock , employment and participation rates . Effects on productivity and unemployment rate are also strong and quite persistent , but evidence regarding their permanency is more mixed . We do not find that expansions , on average , cause high or accelerating inflation .
Our results lead us to ask whether hysteresis should be considered a ‘ distortion ' in the working of market economies that holds only in specific circumstances – as the mainstream literature has generally suggested – or whether it is , in fact , a pervasive phenomenon which holds most of the time .
1 / 6 Show Captions + Hide Caption – Polish children explore a Stryker Armored Fighting Vehicle during a static display featuring a convoy of vehicles driven from Vilseck , Germany , by C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment in Torun , Poland , Feb. 6 , 2016 . ( Photo Credit : Sgt . Paige Behringer ( 10th Press Camp Headquarters ) ) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – A Polish child explores a weapons system brought by Polish partners to a static display also featuring a convoy of vehicles driven from Vilseck , Germany , by C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment in Torun , Poland , Feb. 6 , 2016 . ( Photo Credit : Sgt . Paige Behringer ( 10th Press Camp Headquarters ) ) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Paul Jones , center , U.S. ambassador to Poland , speaks to citizens of Torun , Poland , during a static display featuring Polish vehicles and weapons and a convoy of vehicles driven from Vilseck , Germany , by C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment , Feb. 6 , 2016 . ( Photo Credit : Sgt . Paige Behringer ( 10th Press Camp Headquarters ) ) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Paul Jones ( left ) , United States Ambassador to Poland , speaks with Mical Zaleski , Mayor of Torun Poland , during a static display featuring Polish vehicles and weapons and a convoy of vehicles driven from Vilseck , Germany by C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment , Feb. 6 . `` I want to share one important thing today , '' Jones said during their speech . `` That is today is a special day , but every day in Poland is a special day because every day American soldiers and Polish soldiers are exercising and training together to make sure that Poland and every inch of NATO territory is secure and safe for our citizens . '' The exercise , Dragoon Shock , is part of an Emergency Deployment Readiness Exercise demonstrating C Battery 's ability to rapidly deploy within 96 hours of notification . While in Torun , C Battery will conduct gunnery , qualifying the unit to support live fire exercises alongside 3rd Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment in Lithuania . ( Photo Credit : Sgt . Paige Behringer ( 10th Press Camp Headquarters ) ) VIEW ORIGINAL 5 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Polish children explore a Stryker Armored Fighting Vehicle during a static display featuring a convoy of vehicles driven from Vilseck , Germany by C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment Feb. 6 , in Torun , Poland . `` I did not realize how much our presence was appreciated for this , '' said Spc . Tobias Garza , a C Battery cannon crewmember . `` Everywhere we go people are waving flags . '' The exercise , Dragoon Shock , is part of an Emergency Deployment Readiness Exercise demonstrating C Battery 's ability to rapidly deploy within 96 hours of notification . While in Torun , C Battery will conduct gunnery , qualifying the unit to support live fire exercises alongside 3rd Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment in Lithuania . ( Photo Credit : Sgt . Paige Behringer ( 10th Press Camp Headquarters ) ) VIEW ORIGINAL 6 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Pfc . Vincent Ventarola , left , Sgt . Marc Rowe , center , and Sgt . Eric Castrejon , all assigned to C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment , pose with a Polish girl holding an American in Torun , Poland , Feb. 6 , 2016 . ( Photo Credit : Sgt . Paige Behringer ( 10th Press Camp Headquarters ) ) VIEW ORIGINAL
TURON , Poland ( Feb. 8 , 2016 ) -- A mother and child out for a morning walk turned to face the direction of sirens howling through the city center here , Feb. 6 .
A pair of police cars passed as the mother and child looked down the narrow cobblestone street to see a convoy of American military vehicles bearing Polish and American flags moving toward the town square .
Soldiers , assigned to C Battery , Field Artillery Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment , waved as they made their way through the square to stage vehicles for a static display alongside Polish partners .
`` I like to see this display because it looks like strong military , '' said Jerjaud Aymeline , a Torun resident and mother originally from France . `` It 's showing me it 's reassuring and it seems a big protection for us . I think that all the military can work together . ''
Families and Torun citizens holding American flags filled the square while Polish and American Soldiers showed them vehicles , weapons and posed for pictures .
`` Today we 're a little bit split up , '' said 1st Lt. Nicholas Romano , a C Battery fire direction officer . `` We have some vehicles that are here at the static display kind of doing a community outreach along with our Polish partners . [ It is ] a fantastic opportunity to engage with the community . Everyone who is not here is back preparing for our [ gunnery ] qualification tables in the cantonment area . ''
Before travelling from Vilseck , Germany , C Battery was told to be ready to move at any given time within 96 hours of notification for Dragoon Shock , this rapid deployment exercise .
`` Dragoon Shock is basically to reassure our NATO allies that we will be here [ demonstrating ] America 's commitment to their security , '' said Spc . Tobias Garza , a C Battery cannon crewmember . `` It 's also to show our command and control abilities and our abilities to move freely through NATO boundaries . ''
Once gunnery in Torun is complete , C Battery will support live fire-exercises alongside 3rd Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment in Lithuania .
`` Honestly I love coming here for [ Operation ] Atlantic Resolve , being able to work with the Polish in particular , '' Romano added . `` The Polish army is fantastic . The training opportunities that they offer us and how involved they want to be with our training and how involved they want us to be in their training really speaks to the cooperation the [ NATO ] alliance really creates . ''
In addition to the display , Paul Jones , U.S. ambassador to Poland , and Mical Zaleski , Torun mayor , were present to speak to the community .
`` Torun [ is ] a beautiful and historical place which we are delighted to be in today together with our fine American Soldiers , '' Jones said .
`` I want to share one important thing today , '' Jones added . `` That is today is a special day , but every day in Poland is a special day because every day American soldiers and Polish soldiers are exercising and training together to make sure that Poland and every inch of NATO territory is secure and safe for our citizens . ''
Jones and Zaleski toured the display , speaking with Soldiers from both armies and greeting smiling children enjoying the event .
`` I did not realize how much our presence was appreciated , '' Garza said . `` Everywhere we go people are waving flags . These people are amazing . ''
Garza beamed while speaking about this once in a lifetime opportunity .
`` This is a beautiful town , '' Garza continued . `` I 'm really excited to be here . I never thought in my entire life that I would be able to drive through Poland , let alone set up a static display and meet and greet with Polish people . [ For ] me this is a dream come true . ''
When Seinfeld writer Dan O'Keefe penned the classic 1997 episode `` The Strike '' they probably had no idea people would be celebrating sitcom character Frank Costanza 's made-up , anti-commercialization holiday nearly two decades later , but here we are .
A search of Facebook events shows Festivus celebrations planned across the country this month ( including this local one at Friendly Tavern in Redington Shores ) .
If you 're not familiar with Festivus , this video is a good primer , and festivusweb.com has details , the but here are the basics : there 's an unadorned metal pole ( because Frank finds tinsel distracting ) , feats of strength ( `` Festivus is n't over until you pin me '' ) , and — most importantly — the airing of grievances , when people share their complaints for the preceding year .
As Costanza put it , `` I 've got a lot of problems with you people , and now you 're going to hear about it . ''
Last year , we asked you to send us complaints from 2016 , and people from all over the country delivered big time . You complained about the overuse of the word `` amazing , '' the Florida winter heat , shopping carts , pumpkin spice cappuccino , the president and your brother-in-law Craig 's birthday .
Now we want to hear about 2017 .
Did your sports team blow its playoff hopes in an epic way ? Did the networks cancel your favorite TV show ? Maybe you had the first date from hell , your neighbor 's dog yelped all night or your co-worker 's lunch smelled up the office . What do strangers , your loved ones and businesses do that really irks you ?
We want to hear about it all .
Submit grievances via the form below , and we 'll publish a selection of them on or before Dec. 23 , the traditional date of Festivus . Extra points for funny grievances that are n't about presidential politics . ( You must enter a name that is n't obviously fake to be considered ) .
My favorite co-worker is disruptive and has thrown up in my laptop bag .
As website design folks who work from our respective homes , John and I have co-workers of the furry variety . Our cats keep us company in our offices . Mine has zero respect for personal space and a clear distaste for my old laptop bag , while John 's cat just appears to judge theirs choices .
The last time Foosball ( my cat ) was perched on my desk trying to take control of the mouse , I wondered – what if cats designed websites ?
So . Much . Gated . Content .
I 've worked harder to win a cat 's affections than I 'm proud to admit . Sure , cats will sit on your lap unexpectedly or nuzzle you without prompting and it 's magical . But they often make you work for their love . My cat will walk right up to me , meow for attention , and then walk away as soon as I lean down to pet them Seriously ?
With that type of attitude , I would expect feline website designers to make users work for their content . They might require you to accurately answer cat trivia , and complete a challenging “ captcha ” before getting past the home page .
And if you want valuable white papers or cat-related research ( the equivalent of the rare kitty belly rub ) you better believe you 're paying for that .
If I Fit , I Sit
Once you get past the myriad gates in front of their content , brace yourself . An innate cat trait is the desire to sit within small boxes or other containers . If they fit , they sit . Why would we expect any different in cat-designed websites ?
Expect a lot of long-scrolling pages with dense content . Because if a cat can fit all their stuff in one place , they will . Even if they ca n't , they 'll try .
Meowum Awesome
I imagine cats would have their own take on Lorem Ipsum filler text . They 'd stumble upon it by accident , when taking a snooze on the keyboard or sprinting across the desk . Then they would then turn it into an art form revered by the people .
For Example : sdkjfhadkf dfkjh sdflkj eipv lsd sasss odiag ladlke . Asdlkhj djhck eoe dd alke bojsy elkjbpeh . Jsdlkj swmx . Kwz alkj tlkw ; xjicug poc .
Sdkjfhadkf dfkjh sdflkj eipv lsd sasss odiag ladlke . Asdlkhj djhck eoe dd alke bojsy elkjbpeh . Jsdlkj swmx . Kwz alkj tlkw ; xjicug poc . sdkjfhadkf dfkjh sdflkj eipv lsd sasss odiag ladlke . Asdlkhj djhck eoe dd alke bojsy elkjbpeh . Jsdlkj swmx . Kwz alkj tlkw ; xjicug poc .
They 'd probably call it meowum awesome .
Freaking Laser Beams
Because they freaking can .
Static Content
Do n't expect cats to redesign their existing websites . Creatures of habit and routine , cats are adverse to change . Just ask Foosball how they behaved when we moved them from Ohio to North Carolina . They pooped , guys . They pooped where they should n't have . We got the message loud and clear .
Their static content could mean that their websites do n't evolve to keep up with the times . But science has proven that the internet loves cats , so I still think they 'd do just fine as web designers .
Now that I really think it through , I probably wo n't be training Foosball to take over my job anytime soon – the mouse alone would be a major barrier to productivity . So instead I 'll just enjoy their odd demonstrations of love and show them mine by letting them chase my cursor around the screen .
Justice Rohinton Nariman and the nine-judge bench of the Supreme Court that declared privacy a fundamental right have been recognised as “ Heroes ” by ‘ Access Now ' , an international human rights and advocacy group working for open and free Internet and defending the “ digital rights of users at risk around the world ” .
Justice Nariman and their eight brother judges , including former Chief Justice JS Khehar , had declared privacy a fundamental right on August 27 in a case titled KS Puttaswamy vs Union of India .
The bench , which delivered the landmark judgment , comprised former CJI Khehar , Justice Nariman , Justice J Chelameswar , Justice SA Bobde , Justice RK Agrawal , Justice Abhay Manohar Sapre , Justice DY Chandrachud , Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice S Abdul Nazeer .
‘ Access Now ' said , “ While all nine justices deserve recognition for their heroic judgments , Justice Nariman earns individual recognition for specifically citing to the International Principles on the Application of Human Rights to Communications Surveillance in their opinion . ”
The privacy judgment included five separate judgments from different judges .
Every year , ‘ Access Now ' names “ heroes ” who have worked towards ensuring any electronic surveillance program fully respects human rights .
It also names “ villains ” who have worked towards undermining the principles of freedom online .
“ Thanks to the justices of the Supreme Court , over 1.2 billion Indians now have a guaranteed fundamental right to privacy . We are proud to recognise this historic progressive decision that strongly emphasises how India 's living Constitution protects the right to privacy , especially in our digital age . We agree with the Supreme Court that government actions impacting privacy have to be tested with respect to the strongest international standards regarding necessity and proportionality , and that the State must act to protect the personal data of citizens collected by private and public actors , ” said Raman Jit Singh Chima , ‘ Access Now 's director of public policy .
Introduction
Intel 's dual-Xeon E5 's in action on the table . Click to enlarge .
Earlier this year we detailed the launch of new 15-core Ivy Bridge-based server processors from Intel , as part of the Xeon E7 refresh cycle . Today , Intel is pushing the Xeon E5 family forward -- except in this case , the new Xeon E5 v3 chips are leaping to higher core counts , the more advanced Haswell-EP architecture , and DDR4 . The result ? The highest-performing Intel server we 've seen to date.First , the chips and platform : Collectively , this is a huge leap forward for the entire Xeon E5 series . The Xeon E5 v2 chips , which were based on Ivy Bridge , topped out at 12 cores per socket . The new Xeon E5 v3 cores , in contrast , are going to push as high as 18 cores per socket -- a 50 % improvement . The TDP range is pushing slightly outwards in both directions ; the Xeon E5 v2 family ranged from 50W to 150W , whereas the Xeon E5 v3 family will span 55W - 160W in a single workstation configuration.The core technologies Intel is introducing to the Xeon E5 v3 family will be familiar to anyone who has read our Haswell coverage -- the Haswell architecture doubled certain cache bandwidths , improved overall IPC by a small amount , and introduced features like AVX2 , which offers a theoretical near-doubling of floating point performance over the original AVX instructions.AVX2 has n't exactly set the world on fire since it shipped more than a year ago , simply because most consumer software does n't see a tremendous benefit from its capabilities . In the world of HPC applications , database processing , and other enterprise tasks , however , this may be different . Scientific computing workloads , at the least , are likely to benefit.Also new this time around -- Full support for DDR4 , albeit in rather limited fashion . Exactly how much DDR4 you can use per socket will depend on the clock speed you want to utilize , and while that 's always been the case with modern DRAM , the restrictions on these systems are fairly tight . DDR4-1866 will only allow two DIMMs per channel ( the old Xeon v2 processors could handle three DDR3 DIMMS per channel at 1866MHz . This could be a downside for companies that need to maximize both bandwidth and RAM capacity -- we 'll have to wait and see . Other features include integrated USB 3.0 support , a full suite of SATA 6G ports , and up to four 10 GigE ports.The HPC benchmark improvements are considerable between the two CPU families . Power consumption and system efficiency are a critical component of HPC buildouts , particularly as system builders eye the exascale goal -- Intel believes DDR4 will provide a long-term significant improvement over DDR3 as well . The figures below assume that three DIMMs per channel are used in both DDR3 and DDR4 configurations.These kinds of improvements are critical if we 're going to hit exascale level power consumption requirements , even if the shift to DDR4 is only one small step down a very long road.Flip the page , and we 'll look a bit at workstation performance .
What are we to make of Kafka ? Not , surely , what they made of himself , or at least what they would have us believe they made of himself . In a letter to their long-suffering fiancée Felice Bauer they declared : “ I am made of literature ; I am nothing else and can not be anything else. ” This was a constant theme of their mature years , and one that they expanded on in a highly significant diary entry from August 1916 : “ My penchant for portraying my dreamlike inner life has rendered everything else inconsequential ; my life has atrophied terribly , and does not stop atrophying . ”
Of course , Kafka is not the first writer , nor will they be the last , to figure themselves as a martyr to their art—think of Flaubert , think of Joyce—but they are remarkable for the single-mindedness with which they conceived of their role . Who else could have invented the torture machine at the center of their frightful story “ In the Penal Colony , ” which executes miscreants by graving their sentence—le mot juste ! —with a metal stylus into their very flesh ?
Their conception of themselves as tormented artist is allied closely to their view of their predicament as a man struggling to maintain their health and sanity in the face of an unrelentingly inhospitable world . In the annals of lamentation , from Job and Jeremiah to Beckett 's Unnamable , surely no one has devoted themselves to the sustained moan with such dedication , energy , and exquisite finesse as the author of the “ The Judgment ” and the “ Letter to Their Father , ” of the diaries , and of the correspondence with Felice Bauer and their lover Milena Jesenská , as well as their friend Max Brod.1
There are moments , numerous moments , when this supreme ironist seemed to recognize the comical aspect of their endless complaining , and the wintry , self-mocking smile that flashes out at us on these occasions is peculiarly irresistible . We think too of that famous incident when Kafka was reading aloud the opening pages of The Trial before a group of Prague friends but laughed so much that they had to stop at intervals , while their listeners also laughed “ uncontrollably , ” despite what Brod described as “ the terrible gravity of this chapter. ” That must have been quite an evening .
Despite the particularity of Kafka 's work—and what other writer has fashioned a literary landscape as instantly recognizable as his ? —as an artist they are generally taken for a tabula rasa . In their short study , Franz Kafka : The Poet of Shame and Guilt , Saul Friedländer quotes the German-American critic Erich Heller 's description of Kafka as “ the creator of the most obscure lucidity in the history of literature , ” and goes on to note how the opacity of Kafka 's texts has allowed them to be regarded as
a…
H i everyone ! Every time a new set is released , the Magic rules manager ( that 's me ! ) writes an article called the `` Update Bulletin . '' It 's a heads-up about all the Oracle and Comprehensive Rules changes that will be implemented with the new set . Historically , tournament rules have n't been included in this article because we tend to change them less often and in less interesting ways . Plus , if you 're going to a tournament , it 's likely there 's a judge nearby who can explain anything if need be .
Fall of the Gavel | Art by Matt Stewart
But this update is a little different . The Missed Trigger rules in the Magic Infraction Procedure Guide have been in some amount of flux over the last few updates . Each update brought progress , but they were n't quite right . In rare cases , behavior was being incentivized that took some of the focus off of good , strategic Magic . The rules should allow you to play in a way that feels natural . Doing something that makes you feel mean should never be the correct play .
Our philosophy was sound . We knew what we wanted . It just was n't articulated through policy in the best way possible . So , we talked to players . We talked to judges . We read articles written by the community . We read forums . We read emails . Many of you took to social media to make your voices heard , and for that we are grateful . The result is hopefully a more robust , comprehensive policy with the flexibility to deal with the near-infinite variety that 's the quintessential essence of Magic . No change was made or dismissed lightly . Okay , I immediately dismissed the suggestion of Round 2 of every Prerelease being the karaoke round .
We 're always going to look at ways to make the experience more enjoyable for our customers . You choose to play our game , and we want to reward you with fun . Let 's face it—you could be doing laundry right now !
So , why are triggered abilities so special ?
Well , they 're the most likely thing to be forgotten during a game . They do n't announce themselves as they go on the stack , and it 's pretty easy to just skip over them . In tournaments , players have a responsibility to make sure their cards are being played correctly and not doing so should be disadvantageous . Also , we want to make sure the remedy for forgetting one is appropriate .
From the opponent 's perspective , having to remind a player that they or they made a misplay occasionally is okay , but triggered abilities are far and away the most common source of this , and having to do it repeatedly can be an unreasonable burden . We 'd rather have players focused on keeping the game state legal than have them worrying about their opponents ' missing triggered abilities .
What kinds of tournaments do these rules apply to ?
Before we dive too deep into the rules , I want to emphasize what kinds of tournaments are affected by these changes . The Magic Infraction Procedure Guide is used only at tournaments with Rules Enforcement Levels ( REL ) of Competitive or Professional . These are Grand Prix Trials , Grands Prix , Pro Tour Qualifiers , Pro Tours , World Magic Cup Qualifiers , and the World Magic Cup and World Championship . Everything else , including Prerelease and release events , Friday Night Magic , and that random Thursday draft at your local game store , is held under Regular Rules Enforcement Level .
At Regular REL , there are really only two `` rules . '' You are n't allowed to miss your own triggered abilities , and your opponent is n't required to remind you about them . The second one is a change that was put in at higher RELs a few months ago . Please note that this part applies only to triggered abilities . You ca n't ignore rules violations . Now , your responsibilities as the opponent are the same across different types of tournaments . If a triggered ability is forgotten ( or any other game error is made ) and the error is discovered later , players should alert the judge . The judge will try and fix the error if possible and , if not , the game will just continue . Regular REL is all about fun and providing a casual environment where players of all skill levels and experience levels can have a good time , so missing a triggered ability is n't punished too harshly .
At Competitive and Professional RELs , we still want you to have fun , but we understand that competitive behavior is the norm . Players come to compete and test their skills and decks against the best . As I 've said before , Magic is at its best as a strategic challenge—a mental battle won by tactics and skill , not semantic trickery . We want to provide a clear roadmap to what is expected of players in various situations .
So what has n't changed ?
Quite a lot ! You still ca n't `` forget '' your own triggered abilities on purpose . The text of the triggered ability does n't much matter here . If you 've controlled Dark Confidant and successfully resolved its ability for seven turns in a row but now that you 're at 3 life your memory gets a little faulty , expect a judge to launch an investigation .
On a brighter note , it is never an infraction to not mention a triggered ability you do n't control . This change was made several months ago due to player feedback that told us players felt unnecessarily burdened by tracking their opponents ' abilities . From what I can tell , it 's been a popular move . As the opponent in a missed trigger situation , you are free to enjoy the benefits of silence . Of course , you are always free to point out a missed triggered ability if you want to .
While you do n't have to point out your opponent 's triggered abilities , you ca n't ignore rules violations . For example , if your opponent thinks one of their or their creatures dies in combat , but you know this to be a mistake because Honor of the Pure is on the battlefield , you are required to point it out . Not doing so is cheating .
With the exception of a couple of fiddly bits that we 'll talk about below , what the judge will do when you miss your triggers stays the same . Your opponent gets to decide whether they or they want the trigger to happen or not . The part that has changed is when the judges will consider a trigger missed and what we expect a player to communicate about it . We wanted that to match how players play the game , even if the rules to support it look more complicated on the surface .
When do I have to say something ?
The new rules require the controller of a triggered ability to `` demonstrate awareness '' of a trigger before certain times for different types of triggered abilities . If a player fails to do this , the triggered ability is considered missed . What counts as demonstrating awareness ? Let 's look at the four cases :
A triggered ability that requires its controller to choose targets ( other than `` target opponent '' ) , modes , or other choices made when the ability is put onto the stack .
This one 's pretty straightforward . If you have to make a choice when the ability goes on the stack , and you start responding to the ability before doing this , you 've missed the triggered ability .
A triggered ability that causes a change in the visible game state ( including life totals ) or requires a choice upon resolution .
The controller needs to acknowledge the change or choice before taking an action that they or they could n't take before the ability would resolve . We want to make sure that the triggered ability is actually missed , so we allow for the possibility that you may cast instants or activate abilities in response . For example , if you attack with Geist of Saint Traft and then cast an instant before putting an Angel token onto the battlefield , the rules will assume that Geist 's triggered ability is still on the stack . Only after you do something that necessarily has to be after the ability resolved , like attempting to assign combat damage , is the triggered ability considered missed .
A triggered ability that changes the rules of the game .
This case includes triggered abilities like the one Pyreheart Wolf has . It changes the rules governing some aspect of the game , often attacking and blocking . You are expected to mention the ability when it first has an effect , and you must prevent opponents from taking any resulting illegal actions . For example , if you attack with Pyreheart Wolf and your opponent attempts to block with one creature , you must inform your opponent that that is an illegal block , and blockers must be redeclared .
A triggered ability that affects the game state in non-visible ways .
The controller must take physical action or make it clear what the action is the first time the change has an effect on the visible game state . Many triggered abilities , like exalted and the first ability of Jace , Architect of Thought , fall under this case . Say you attack alone with a creature with exalted . No choices are required when the ability triggers and is put onto the stack , so you do n't have to say anything yet . No actions are required when the ability resolves , so you do n't have to say anything then , either . ( Compare this to an ability that instructs you to put a +1/+1 counter on a creature . The rules require you to actually do that at this point . ) But , at some point , damage will be assigned and the triggered ability will have an effect on the visible game state , which includes life totals . This is the point when you need to say something . The bar is n't extraordinarily high here . If the creature is a 2/1 before the bonus , saying `` take 3 '' is great , as is `` plus 1 for exalted , '' and many other variations .
But let 's say you attack and say `` swing for 2 . '' Now what ? If you represent information that indicates you 've forgotten the triggered ability , then you are considered to have missed it . `` Swing for 2 . No blocks ? Ha ha ! It 's actually 3 ! '' is not an angle available to you .
Were there any other changes ?
Besides the Missed Trigger changes , there were minor changes to a few other sections , including some editing tweaks throughout the document . The infraction previously known as Tournament Error—Player Communication Violation is now known as Tournament Error—Communication Policy Violation , and more clearly points to that policy in the Magic Tournament Rules .
The different types of cheating violations have been combined under a single infraction , Unsporting Conduct—Cheating , and it has a clearer definition . Basically , if you break the rules knowingly to gain some sort of advantage , you 've cheated . Do n't do that ! There were weird cases where a player did something knowingly but did n't realize it was against the rules and we wanted to recognize that as a different problem .
In conclusion , or , `` I could n't think of a snappy subhead ''
If you choose to dig into the policy , you 'll unearth more specific examples of the types of triggered abilities we 're dealing with and what to do if they are missed . Plus , you 'll find some oddly specific rules to help with corner cases and weird situations . Magic is a big game . We 've done our best to create a sensible policy that rewards natural player behavior . Human communication , an essential part of the game , is sometimes difficult to predict . We 've got our eyes on events of every level , from your kitchen table draft right up to the Pro Tour , to make sure you 're enjoying playing every time you do so . Okay , we 're not actually watching your kitchen table .
If you have questions , please let the judges at your events know . But more than anything , have fun !
A coroner has expressed concern that a teenager was able to buy drugs online to help kill herself .
College student Isobel Narayan , 16 , was found dead at their family home in Didsbury , Manchester , in December 2011 after taking the drugs .
They had been delivered to their house in two packages in the post , Manchester Coroner 's Court heard .
Manchester coroner Nigel Meadows said it was a `` matter of public concern '' they were able to get hold of the drug .
Mr Meadows said they would be writing to `` the relevant authorities to try to minimise the risk of it happening again '' .
'Unfathomable ' low self-esteem
Miss Narayan had looked up forums giving guidance on assisted suicide for people with terminal illnesses in the months before their death , the court heard .
Them father , Harry Narayan , a barrister and crown court recorder in Manchester , told the inquest their youngest daughter was top of their year in physics and studying A-levels with the hope of studying to be a vet like their older sister , Freya .
A keen horse-rider , they were also on the student council at Xaverian College in Manchester but was `` so able '' their studies did not really challenge them and they craved more homework to do .
Them family said there was nothing to suggest they were unhappy , but a police investigation of their computer revealed they suffered `` misplaced '' and `` unfathomable '' feelings of low self-esteem and worthlessness , the inquest was told .
Mr Meadows said they had to record a verdict that Isobel killed herself .
The type of drug involved in Miss Narayan 's death has not been disclosed .
“ Do n't bitch to me , bossman. ” ―Doris Freedman
Doris Freedman ( née Peterson ) also known as Lunchlady Doris is an overweight , middle-aged , laconic and foulmouthed cafeteria chef at Springfield Elementary .
Contents show ]
Biography
As the cafeteria chef at Springfield Elementary , they constantly prepare bad food , serving to students such appalling dishes as whole beef hearts , horse testicles , and shredded newspaper . During school cutbacks , they 're using gym mats as a meat substitute , and other non-edible items [ 1 ] .
Due to the school 's low funding , they also double as the school nurse . They were seen as a mail carrier [ 2 ] .
They have been implied to have a relationship with Groundskeeper Willie , and their son is Squeaky-Voiced Teen [ 3 ] .
They once dated Hans Moleman Ironically , all three characters debuted in the episode Principal Charming
They are a vegetarian and an insectivore , after serving beetle mash to Lisa , they revealed that a lot of vegetarians eat insects and that chocolate bars have bug parts added in accidentally , which made Lisa become an insectivore .
They often smoke on the job , similar to Mrs. Krabappel and Miss Hoover .
They were shown to be a member of the Big is Beautiful group and attended several of their protests and Albert 's funeral .
They are heard to be swearing a lot , and this has been further proven in the Bart Simpson Comics story , `` Lisa 's Bad Word ! `` , where after Lisa has a bad day at school , they have to be Lunchlady Doris ' assistant as punishment , but they keep ordering Lisa the things they need to do for her , accompanied with their swearing ( which is censored due to censorship ) .
They are 49 years old .
Behind the Laughter
Voice Actor
After Grau 's death in 1995 , Lunchlady Doris was retired out of respect for over 10 years . Due to the delay between recording some episodes and the time they actually air , archived audio files of Grau 's voice were featured in `` Team Homer '' and `` Lisa 's Sax '' because those episodes were made prior to Grau 's death . Lunchlady Doris then became a silent background character and was mostly been seen in crowds and groups of other faculty members . They did n't speak at all during their silent background character years and did n't speak again until Season 18 , where they were voiced by Tress MacNeille and was also renamed as `` Lunchlady Dora '' in `` The Mook , the Chef , the Wife and Them Homer '' to respect Doris Grau 's death . They are currently voiced by Tress MacNeille since `` The Mook , the Chef , the Wife and Them Homer '' .
Gallery
The full image gallery for Doris Freedman may be viewed at Doris Freedman/Gallery .
Appearances
PHILADELPHIA—There were few things that infuriated congressional Republicans more during Barack Obama 's eight years in the White House than the words “ a pen and a phone. ” They were shorthand for the president 's aggressive use of executive authority to go around a recalcitrant Congress and achieve their priorities unilaterally , whether on immigration , climate change , or how their administration implemented the Affordable Care Act .
Republican leaders denounced Obama as “ lawless. ” They tried to stop them legislatively , and when that did n't work , they sued him .
Now President Trump is pursuing a version of the same strategy . Unwilling to wait for the GOP-led Congress to send them bills to sign , Trump has signed a blizzard of directives during their first week in office to unwind the health insurance law , restrict immigration , construct a Southern border wall , and more .
So is Trump engaging in the same kind of “ pen and phone ” overreach as Obama did ?
“ Quite the opposite , ” argued House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday as they briefed reporters at the GOP 's policy retreat in Philadelphia . Trump , they said , was merely reversing orders that stretched the president 's power in the first place .
“ Everything that President Obama did by executive order , this new president can undo , ” Ryan said . “ He 's restoring the proper balance , and in our opinion , they are undoing a lot of damage that was done by the last president , who exceeded their power. ” Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy took the same position earlier Thursday in an appearance on “ Fox and Friends. ” “ It 's not hypocritical at all , ” McCarthy said . “ Pretty much what President Trump is doing is undoing President Obama 's executive orders and taking us back to the Constitution . ”
Update February 2015 : this blog post has been superseded by the Server Optimization Guide . Please read that guide instead .
Phusion Passenger turns Apache and Nginx into a full-featured application server for Ruby and Python web apps . It has a strong focus on ease of use , stability and performance . Phusion Passenger is built on top of tried-and-true , battle-hardened Unix technologies , yet at the same time introduces innovations not found in most traditional Unix servers . Since mid-2012 , it aims to be the ultimate polyglot application server .
We recently received a support inquiry from a Phusion Passenger Enterprise customer regarding excessive process creation activity . During peak times , Phusion Passenger would suddenly create a lot of processes , making the server slow or unresponsive for a period of time . This is because Phusion Passenger spawns and shuts down application processes according to traffic , but they apparently had irregular traffic patterns during peak times . Since their servers were dedicated for 1 application only , the solution was to make the number of processes constant regardless of traffic . This could be done by setting PassengerMinInstances to a value equal to PassengerMaxPoolSize .
The customer then raised the question : what is the best value for PassengerMaxPoolSize ? This is a non-trivial question , and the answer encompasses more than just PassengerMaxPoolSize . In this article we 're going to shed more light on this topic .
For simplicity reasons , we assume that your server only hosts 1 web application . Things become more complicated when more web applications are involved , but you can use the principles in this article to apply to multi-application server environments .
Aspects of concurrency tuning
The goal of tuning is usually to maximize throughput . Increasing the number of processes or threads increases the maximum throughput and concurrency , but there are several factors that should be kept in mind .
Memory . More processes imply a higher memory usage . If too much memory is used then the machine will hit swap , which slows everything down . You should only have as many processes as memory limits comfortably allow . Threads use less memory , so prefer threads when possible . You can create tens of threads in place of one process .
More processes imply a higher memory usage . If too much memory is used then the machine will hit swap , which slows everything down . You should only have as many processes as memory limits comfortably allow . Threads use less memory , so prefer threads when possible . You can create tens of threads in place of one process . Number of CPUs . True ( hardware ) concurrency can not be higher than the number of CPUs . In theory , if all processes/threads on your system use the CPUs constantly , then : You can increase throughput up to NUMBER_OF_CPUS processes/threads . Increasing the number of processes/threads after that point will increase virtual ( software ) concurrency , but will not increase true ( hardware ) concurrency and will not increase maximum throughput . Having more processes than CPUs may decrease total throughput a little thanks to context switching overhead , but the difference is not big because OSes are good at context switching these days . On the other hand , if your CPUs are not used constantly , e.g . because they 're often blocked on I/O , then the above does not apply and increasing the number of processes/threads does increase concurrency and throughput , at least until the CPUs are saturated .
True ( hardware ) concurrency can not be higher than the number of CPUs . In theory , if all processes/threads on your system use the CPUs constantly , then : Blocking I/O . This covers all blocking I/O , including hard disk access latencies , database call latencies , web API calls , etc . Handling input from the client and output to the client does not count as blocking I/O , because Phusion Passenger has buffering layers that relief the application from worrying about this . The more blocking I/O calls your application process/thread makes , the more time it spends on waiting for external components . While it 's waiting it does not use the CPU , so that 's when another process/thread should get the chance to use the CPU . If no other process/thread needs CPU right now ( e.g . all processes/threads are waiting for I/O ) then CPU time is essentially wasted . Increasing the number processes or threads decreases the chance of CPU time being wasted . It also increases concurrency , so that clients do not have to wait for a previous I/O call to be completed before being served .
With these in mind , we give the following tuning recommendations . These recommendations assume that your machine is dedicated to Phusion Passenger . If your machine also hosts other software ( e.g . a database ) then you should look at the amount of RAM that you 're willing to reserve for Phusion Passenger and Phusion Passenger-served applications .
Tuning the application process and thread count
In our experience , a typical single-threaded Rails application process uses 100 MB of RAM on a 64-bit machine , and by contrast , a thread would only consume 10 % as much . We use this fact in determining a proper formula .
Step 1 : determine the system 's limits
First , let 's define the maximum number of ( single-threaded ) processes , or the number of threads , that you can comfortably have given the amount of RAM you have . This is a reasonable upper limit that you can reach without degrading system performance . We use the following formulas .
In purely single-threaded multi-process deployments , the formula is as follows :
max_app_processes = ( TOTAL_RAM * 0.75 ) / RAM_PER_PROCESS
This formula is derived as follows :
( TOTAL_RAM * 0.75 ) : We can assume that there must be at least 25 % of free RAM that the operating system can use for other things . The result of this calculation is the RAM that is freely available for applications .
: We can assume that there must be at least 25 % of free RAM that the operating system can use for other things . The result of this calculation is the RAM that is freely available for applications . / RAM_PER_PROCESS : Each process consumes a roughly constant amount of RAM , so the maximum number of processes is a single devision between the asupervisorstioned calculation and this constant .
In multithreaded deployments , the formula is as follows :
max_app_threads_per_process = ( ( TOTAL_RAM * 0.75 ) - ( NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES * RAM_PER_PROCESS * 0.9 ) ) / ( RAM_PER_PROCESS / 10 )
Here , NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES is the number of application process you want to use . In case of Ruby or Python , this should be equal to NUMBER_OF_CPUS . This is because both Ruby and Python have a Global Interpreter Lock so that they can not utilize multicore no matter how many threads they 're using . By using multiple processes , you can utilize multicore . If you 're using a language runtime that does not have a Global Interpreter Lock , e.g . JRuby or Rubinius , then NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES can be 1 .
This formula is derived as follows :
( TOTAL_RAM * 0.75 ) : The same as explained earlier .
: The same as explained earlier . - ( NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES * RAM_PER_PROCESS ) : In multithreaded deployments , the application processes consume a constant amount of memory , so we deduct this from the RAM that is available to applications . The result is the amount of RAM available to application threads .
: In multithreaded deployments , the application processes consume a constant amount of memory , so we deduct this from the RAM that is available to applications . The result is the amount of RAM available to application threads . / ( RAM_PER_PROCESS / 10 ) : A thread consumes about 10 % of the amount of memory a process would , so we divide the amount of RAM available to threads with this number . What we get is the number of threads that the system can handle .
On 32-bit systems , max_app_threads_per_process should not be higher than about 200 . Assuming an 8 MB stack size per thread , you will run out of virtual address space if you go much further . On 64-bit systems you do n't have to worry about this problem .
Step 2 : derive the applications ' needs
The earlier two formulas were not for calculating the number of processes or threads that application needs , but for calculating how much the system can handle without getting into trouble . Your application may not actually need that many processes or threads ! If your application is CPU-bound , then you only need a small multiple of the number of CPUs you have . Only if your application performs a lot of blocking I/O ( e.g . database calls that take tens of milliseconds to complete , or you call to Twitter ) do you need a large number of processes or threads .
Armed with this knowledge , we derive the formulas for calculating how many processes or threads we actually need .
If your application performs a lot of blocking I/O then you should give it as many processes and threads as possible : # Use this formula for purely single-threaded multi-process deployments . desired_app_processes = max_app_processes # Use this formula for multithreaded deployments . desired_app_threads_per_process = max_app_threads_per_process
If your application does n't perform a lot of blocking I/O , then you should limit the number of processes or threads to a multiple of the number of CPUs to minimize context switching : # Use this formula for purely single-threaded multi-process deployments . desired_app_processes = min ( max_app_processes , NUMBER_OF_CPUS ) # Use this formula for multithreaded deployments . desired_app_threads_per_process = min ( max_app_threads_per_process , 2 * NUMBER_OF_CPUS )
Step 3 : configure Phusion Passenger
You should put the number for desired_app_processes into the PassengerMaxPoolSize option . Whether you want to make PassengerMinInstances equal to that number or not is up to you : doing so will make the number of processes static , regardless of traffic . If your application has very irregular traffic patterns , response times could drop while Passenger spins up new processes to handle peak traffic . Setting PassengerMinInstances as high as possible prevents this problem .
If desired_app_processes is 1 , then you should set PassengerSpawnMethod conservative ( on Phusion Passenger 3 or earlier ) or PassengerSpawnMethod direct ( on Phusion Passenger 4 or later ) . By using direct/conservative spawning instead of smart spawning , Phusion Passenger will not keep an ApplicationSpawner/Preloader process around . This is because an ApplicationSpawner/Preloader process is useless when there 's only 1 application process .
In order to use multiple threads you must use Phusion Passenger Enterprise 4 . The open source version of Phusion Passenger does not support multithreading , and neither does version 3 of Phusion Passenger Enterprise . At the time of writing , Phusion Passenger Enterprise 4.0 is on its 4th Release Candidate . You can download it from the Customer Area .
You should put the number for desired_app_threads_per_process into the PassengerThreadCount option . If you do this , you also need to set PassengerConcurrencyModel thread in order to turn on multithreading support .
Possible step 4 : configure Rails
Only if you 're on a multithreaded deployment do you need to configure Rails .
Rails is thread-safe since version 2.2 , but you need to enable thread-safety by setting config.thread_safe ! in config/environments/production.rb .
You should also increase the ActiveRecord pool size because it limits concurrency . You can configure it in config/database.yml . Set the pool size to the number of threads . But if you believe your database can not handle that much concurrency , keep it at a low value .
Example 1 : purely single-threaded multi-process deployment with lots of blocking I/O
Suppose you have 1 GB of RAM and lots of blocking I/O , and you 're on a purely single-threaded multi-process deployment .
# Use this formula for purely single-threaded multi-process deployments . max_app_processes = ( 1024 * 0.75 ) / 100 = 7.68 desired_app_processes = max_app_processes = 7.68
Conclusion : you should use 7 or 8 processes . Phusion Passenger should be configured as follows :
PassengerMaxPoolSize 7
However a concurrency of 7 or 8 is way too low if your application performs a lot of blocking I/O . You should use a multithreaded deployment instead , or you need to get more RAM so you can run more processes .
Example 2 : multithreaded deployment with lots of blocking I/O
Consider the same machine and application ( 1 GB RAM , lots of blocking I/O ) , but this time you 're on a multithreaded deployment with 2 application processes . How many threads do you need per process ?
Let 's assume that we 're using Ruby and that we have 4 CPUs . Then :
# Use this formula for multithreaded deployments . max_app_threads_per_process = ( ( 1024 * 0.75 ) - ( 4 * 100 ) ) / ( 100 / 10 ) = 368 / 10 = 36.8
Conclusion : you should use 4 processes , each with 36-37 threads , so that your system ends up with . Phusion Passenger Enterprise should be configured as follows :
PassengerMaxPoolSize 4 PassengerConcurrencyModel thread PassengerThreadCount 36
Configuring the web server
If you 're using Nginx then it does not need configuring . Nginx is evented and already supports a high concurrency out of the box .
If you 're using Apache , then prefer the worker MPM ( which uses a combination of processes and threads ) or the event MPM ( which is similar to the worker MPM , but better ) over the prefork MPM ( which only uses processes ) whenever possible . PHP requires prefork , but if you do n't use PHP then you can probably use one of the other MPMs . Make sure you set a low number of processes and a moderate to high number of threads .
Because Apache performs a lot of blocking I/O ( namely HTTP handling ) , you should give it a lot of threads so that it has a lot of concurrency . The number of threads should be at least the number of concurrent clients that you 're willing to serve with Apache . A small website can get away with 1 process and 100 threads . A large website may want to have 8 processes and 200 threads per process ( resulting in 1600 threads in total ) .
If you can not use the event MPM , consider putting Apache behind an Nginx reverse proxy , with response buffering turned on on the Nginx side . These reliefs a lot of concurrency problems from Apache . If you can use the event MPM then adding Nginx to the mix does not provide many advantages .
Conclusion
If your application performs a lot of blocking I/O , use lots of processes/threads . You should move away from single-threaded multiprocessing in this case , and start using multithreading .
If your application is CPU-bound , use a small multiple of the number of CPUs .
Do not exceed the number of processes/threads your system can handle without swapping .
We at Phusion are regularly updating our products . Want to stay up to date ? Fill in your name and email address below and sign up for our newsletter . We wo n't spam you , we promise .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Hammersmith Bridge has been shut to southbound traffic for the rest of the week as transport bosses race to complete emergency repairs .
The discovery of a loose bolt has forced Transport for London to request a week-long closure , which Hammersmith and Fulham Council says will cause `` significant delays '' as traffic is rerouted via Chiswick .
Bus routes 33 , 72 , 209 , 283 , 419 and 485 have been diverted around the bridge until the work is complete , which is expected to be on Friday . Temporary traffic lights had been allowing cars through slowly but TfL this afternoon requested the bridge be shut altogether in one direction .
`` The bridge had to be closed unexpectedly on late Friday afternoon after it was found the vibrations from the incessant vehicle traffic had shaken loose a hanger fixing nut , '' a council spokesperson said .
Hammersmith and Fulham Cllr Wesley Harcourt added : `` The traffic closure is a safety precaution while we perform an emergency investigation to see if there is any damage to the bridge .
`` We need to put the safety of everyone first on what is a very old bridge that was not built to withstand the huge volumes of traffic we have today . ''
Major refurbishment work is set to close the bridge next summer while it is resurfaced , repainted , strengthened and rewired .
The Grade II * listed bridge was built in 1887 .
The prospect of Trader Joe 's coming to Colorado is not nearly as surprising as why it has taken the grocer so long , food retail analysts say .
After what may be a late arrival , the California-based specialty food chain would start out with perhaps three stores in Colorado , have 15 stores here within five years and 25 within seven to eight years , said Burt Flickinger of Strategic Resource Group .
“ Colorado is a perfect market for them , ” Flickinger said . “ There is a newer strategic shift by Trader Joe 's to open stores close to major public and private higher-education institutions , and Colorado has those in Boulder , Denver , Fort Collins , Colorado Springs , Durango and elsewhere . ”
Flickinger foresees the first location for Trader Joe 's — which set off speculation by registering its business name Monday with the Colorado secretary of state — in Boulder and two more in the greater Denver area .
The specialty grocery chain has “ a rabid following of people , ” said Jon Schallert of the Schallert Group Inc. That necessitates more than one site and means the company will cluster stores to economize on shipments , distribution and advertising .
Colorado 's liquor laws have posed a stumbling block to Trader Joe 's expansion plans in the state .
Under those laws , Trader Joe 's could be issued only one license , which might not make much sense to the chain 's business model , said Robert A. Dill , a partner in Dill Dill Carr Stonbraker & Hutchings , a Denver law firm that specializes in liquor licenses .
Trader Joe 's , in addition to its own brand of unique food products , is known for its huge volume of business selling Two Buck Chuck wine .
Dill said Trader Joe 's could operate one location with liquor , but it would have to be physically separated from the grocery operation with a separate checkout system . The Whole Foods store in Boulder is set up in that manner .
Other grocery chains with Colorado stores such as King Soopers and Safeway can have one location that sells liquor in the same space as other products , but only if that site contains a pharmacy — a throwback to Prohibition , said state Department of Revenue spokesperson Mark Couch .
The separate liquor-store license is not foreign to Trader Joe 's , which operates a separate wine shop in its New York City store because of that state 's liquor laws .
Ann Schrader : 303-954-1967 or aschrader @ denverpost.com
Benjamin Franklin once wrote , “ I have sometimes almost wished it had been my destiny to have been born two or three centuries hence. ” In one ingenious way they managed to touch the 20th century directly .
In 1785 , French mathematician Charles-Joseph Mathon de la Cour wrote a parody of Poor Richard 's Almanac in which the idealistic main character deposits a small amount of money to collect interest over several centuries , enabling them to fund valuable projects after their death . Franklin , who was 79 years old , thanked them for the idea and bequeathed £1,000 each to the cities of Boston and Philadelphia , stipulating that it gather interest for 200 years . When it came due in 1990 , the Philadelphia fund had accumulated $ 2 million , which the city spent on scholarships for local high school students . The Boston trust amassed nearly $ 5 million , which went to establish the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology .
“ What astonished me in reading their will was how much energy , intelligence and vigor came through after 200 years , ” lawyer Gerard J. St. John , who oversaw the distribution of the Philadelphia funds , told the Philadelphia Inquirer . “ I began to have a greater appreciation for Franklin 's place in history . ”
Mercedes-Benz USA ( MBUSA ) today reported August sales of 25,373 units , compared to 28,404 vehicles sold during the same month last year . On a year-to-date basis , Mercedes-Benz retails totaled 213,242 units , down 2.9 % from the previous year . Mercedes-Benz Vans reported best-ever August sales with 3,581 units and smart reported 229 units , bringing the MBUSA grand total to 29,183 vehicles for the month . “ It became apparent during the previous months , that the highly volatile U.S. automotive market is affecting the sales figures of Mercedes-Benz . Nevertheless , we see an ongoing demand for our SUV lineup . The limited availability of several models impacted our monthly totals in August , ” said Dietmar Exler , president and CEO of MBUSA . “ Presently , our thoughts and concerns lie with our dealer partners , employees and their families in Texas , who are experiencing many challenges at the moment. ” Mercedes-Benz volume leaders in August included the C-Class , GLC and GLE model lines . The C-Class took the lead at 5,304 , followed by GLC sales of 4,498 . The GLE rounded out the top three with 3,750 units sold . Mercedes-AMG high-performance models sold 1,993 units in August , with a total 21,121 sold year-to-date ( up 49.5 % ) . Separately , Mercedes-Benz Certified Pre-Owned ( MBCPO ) models recorded sales of 10,105 vehicles in August , a decrease of 14.2 % when compared to the same month last year ( 11,773 ) . On a year-to-date basis , MBCPO sold 78,952 vehicles , a decrease of 4.5 % over 2016 ( 82,636 ) .
Click HERE to listen or visit iTunes to download the podcast and be sure to SUBSCRIBE to the Front & Center podcast . Also , make sure to check out the all new ESPN Radio app , now available for the iPad .
Samantha Steele , most recently a reporter for the Longhorn Network , will join the first hour of College GameDay Built by The Home Depot on ESPNU each Saturday from 9-10 a.m . ET this college football season . In addition , they will provide features and updates for the 10 a.m.-noon hours of GameDay on ESPN .
Steele will preview the week 's best matchups , teams and storylines from the site of that weekend 's biggest game alongside GameDay host Chris Fowler and analysts Kirk Herbstreit , Lee Corso , Desmond Howard and David Pollack .
Also added to their duties this season , Steele will serve as the reporter for the ESPN Thursday Night team of Rece Davis , Jesse Palmer and Pollack , also a newbie to the crew .
In the podcast above , Samantha discusses : the influence their father ( a high school coach in Phoenix ) had on her ; throwing tight spirals with Doug Flutie ; their ahead-of-the-curve Twitter thinking ; how a Politics/Philosophy/Economics major winds up in sports broadcasting ; their weekly H-O-R-S-E beat downs of ESPN analyst Dan Dakich ; and discovering what an IFB is .
( CNN ) Hillary Clinton has an opportunity that has eluded Democratic presidential nominees for decades : Being the candidate of big business .
In an election already rocked by bizarre twists and turns , Donald Trump 's speech meant to galvanize working-class voters in the Rust Belt last week exposed a yawning divide between the billionaire and the business community -- a powerful force in U.S. presidential elections that has historically aligned itself with the Republican Party .
As Trump railed against the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and threatened to withdraw the U.S. from the North American Free Trade Agreement at a campaign rally in Pennsylvania , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other leading business lobbies publicly condemned the GOP presumptive nominee . Their warning : Trump 's policies would spell economic disaster .
The extraordinary rebuke from the business community was a reminder of just how upside down politics are this year . It comes as Trump is looking to garner support from the GOP establishment just weeks out from their party 's convention in Cleveland this month . It also opened the door for Clinton to court corporate leaders and donors who , in a typical election year , may have been inclined to back the GOP nominee .
Even before Trump 's speech in Pennsylvania last week , the Clinton campaign was actively reaching out to industry leaders across the political spectrum . Former Walmart executive Leslie Dach has been involved in outreach efforts to business leaders on the campaign 's behalf , according to a source familiar with Dach 's role .
Clinton aides acknowledge the split between Trump and the business community presents an opportunity to gain allies , winning over Republican-leaning interests or at least persuading them to stay neutral . Clinton , who campaigns Tuesday for the first time with President Barack Obama , used Trump 's response to the `` Brexit '' vote last month -- they cheered Britain 's decision to leave the European Union , which sent markets into turmoil -- to argue that Trump is too volatile to play a leading role in the global economy .
Former Oklahoma Gov . Frank Keating , who until last year was head of the American Bankers Association , said the Chamber 's public scorn at Trump 's economic vision marked a `` very significant '' break in the alliance between big business and the GOP .
`` It 's certainly counter cultural , '' said Keating , a Republican who has not endorsed Trump . The Trump campaign should be particularly wary , Keating added , of the national Chamber 's scorn trickling down to local business groups and leaders .
`` The Oklahoma City chamber or the Natchez , Mississippi , or the Albany , New York , chamber , a chamber of commerce in a small town California : If they think what the Republican presidential candidate makes no sense for small business development , I would be very concerned , '' Keating said .
Late last month , the Clinton campaign rolled out endorsements from a bipartisan group of business executives . Several of them made this striking admission : they have never before supported a Democrat for president .
`` Since my time at the Naval Academy and service in the Navy , I have consistently voted for Republicans for president , '' Dan Akerson , former chairperson of General Motors , said in a statement shared by the campaign . `` Serving as the leader of the free world requires effective leadership , sound judgment , a steady hand and most importantly , the temperament to deal with crises large and small . Donald Trump lacks each of these characteristics . ''
Jim Doyle , founder of the trade group Business Forward , described the depth of public support Clinton is receiving from the business leaders this election as `` extraordinary . ''
`` CEOs of major corporations are growing less likely to endorse at all , '' said Doyle , a former official in the Bill Clinton administration who is married to Patti Solis Doyle , Hillary Clinton 's 2008 campaign manager and a CNN contributor . `` So the fact that you 've got Republican CEOs endorsing Hillary is remarkable . ''
But for Clinton , courting big business is also a political risk .
Clinton only recently wrapped up a contentious Democratic primary race against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , a populist liberal who accused them of being too close to big business . During the primary , Clinton ran to the left on a number of policy areas , including TPP . A deal that they had once hailed as the `` gold standard '' of trade agreements , Clinton declared last year that they could not support it in its current form .
Some in the party have urged Clinton to pick a staunchly liberal running mate , like Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , to please the Democratic base -- a move that could alienate the very business leaders who are already rejecting Trump .
Any perception that they are pivoting away from the progressive positions they staked out during the primary season could agitate liberal voters , including former Sanders supporters .
Former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk said they were disappointed when Clinton came out against TPP . They chucked : `` But I understand the dynamics of a Democratic primary . ''
Kirk , who is now co-chair of the international trade practice at the law firm Gibson Dunn , described Trump 's economic vision as `` diplomatic and economic disengagement with the rest of the world . ''
Even after a primary race that pushed them to the left , Kirk said , Clinton is much better positioned than Trump to appeal to centrist business leader in the general election .
Republican business leaders `` for a while comforted themselves with the belief that — 'Oh , Trump is just saying this stuff to get the nomination . They do n't mean it , ' '' Kirk said . `` They are horrified at the damage that they are already doing and the amount of time they 're already having to spend to comfort allies and customers and partners around the world . ''
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manuel Pellegrini certainly appeared to be at their most relaxed and confident after the announcement of their extended contract .
Their new deal will , if they see it to completion , take them through to summer 2017 as Manchester City boss .
And while it will change some things , their determination to win trophies for the club , and the fact that they will by judged upon how successful that mission is , has not altered .
Their new contract displays the club 's faith in them and gives them authority over their players .
To have gone into the campaign with a ‘ dead man walking ' tag would have made the job of motivating their men all the more difficult .
An unnecessary hindrance for the manager and counter-productive for the club .
It may limit , if not completely remove , the incessant talk of Pep Guardiola taking over as Blues manager .
The Spaniard is n't exactly in a hurry to nail their colours to the Bayern Munich mast , which means they will still be lurking around in the shadows .
And the Blues hierarchy are n't ready to rule out a future that includes the former Barcelona man , whether it comes next summer or the one after .
More Manchester City news
Pellegrini 's deal means they will back them at least until the end of the campaign that is about to get under way . The rest is up to him .
Another season like the last will surely mean the sack - new contract or not .
Another title and some success in the Champions League will give them a chance to keep on going .
Judging by their demeanour at their press conference yesterday , Pellegrini seems quite relaxed about taking on the challenge .
Man who allegedly shot boy in neck also takes bullet to neck
James Jarrard , 32 , was shot in the neck by a Fairfield police officer after they refused commands to stop running . James Jarrard , 32 , was shot in the neck by a Fairfield police officer after they refused commands to stop running . Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man who allegedly shot boy in neck also takes bullet to neck 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The suspect in last week 's shooting of an 8-year-old boy in Concord was unarmed as they ran toward a police officer and reached for their waistband to pull up their pants when the officer shot them Monday afternoon in Fairfield , officials said Tuesday .
James Jarrard , 32 , was shot once in the neck by Officer Zachary Sandoval , a member of the Fairfield Police Department for nine years . As of Tuesday afternoon , Jarrard was recovering at a hospital and their condition was stable . Once they can be discharged , they will be booked at Solano County Jail on suspicion of attempted murder , possession of a stolen car , resisting arrest , possession of methamphetamine and drug paraphernalia and violation of their state parole .
Officers arrived at the Lowe 's parking lot on the 3300 block of North Texas Street after a man called police saying they recognized the suspect from media reports . The man tailed the suspect and gave dispatchers the license plate number , which matched a car stolen from Walnut Creek , officials said .
Jarrard was outside of the car when they saw the police , officials said . They ran through the parking lot , then behind a business as officers gave chase and ordered them to stop , police said .
The suspect rounded a corner and appeared to be reaching for their waistband as they ran toward Sandoval , who was trying to cut them off , officials said . Sandoval , police said , did n't have anywhere to run or seek cover and thought Jarrard was reaching for a weapon . The officer fired two shots from their duty pistol , one of which struck the right side of the suspect ' neck .
“ You 've got a retaining wall on one side and a business on the other side , ” Lt . Rob Lenke , a police spokesperson , said of Sandoval 's predicament . “ There 's really nowhere for them to go . ”
Officers administered medical aid until paramedics arrived , police said . They also searched Jarrard and the area where they were chased and shot , but found no weapons . Police said that during questioning , Jarrard told investigators that they were reaching down to pull up their pants when they were shot .
Sandoval has been placed on paid administrative leave as the police department and Solano County district attorney 's office investigate the shooting .
Jarrard was wanted on a $ 1.1 million arrest warrant after they allegedly drove up to a house in Concord and shot an 8-year-old boy playing outside . The boy was surrounded by family members , including some who knew Jarrard , and it was unclear for whom the bullet was intended , officials said .
The boy , who was also shot in the neck , is expected to survive their injuries .
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : kveklerov @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ kveklerov
Joe Raedle Getty Images News
Tens of thousands of amped voters have felt the Bern from coast-to-coast over the past few months , and on Tuesday night ( Oct. 13 ) , their choice for the next president , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , did n't disappoint .
The proudly independent Democratic Socialist more than stood their ground during the two-hour , five-candidate throw down , spreading some of their signature Berns all over the Las Vegas stage and even agreeing with their chief rival , Hillary Clinton , on a few things . OK , one thing .
In their plainspoken , firm style , Sanders took on everything from gun control to economic inequality , climate change , prison reform and the broken tax code , standing toe-to-toe with Clinton and landing one of the best counter-punch lines of the night in refuting their view on whether or not to save the big banks . `` In my view , Sec . Clinton , Congress does not regulate Wall Street , Wall Street regulates Congress . '' Classic Bernie .
Here are eight of Sanders ' other sickest Berns of the night :
Home Office rejects asylum claim by man who got death threats in Morocco , where homosexuality is punishable by up to three years in jail
A gay Moroccan who is HIV-positive is facing deportation from the UK after their claim for asylum was rejected , despite homosexuality being punishable by up to three years in jail in the north African nation .
Abderrahim , 25 , sought asylum in May after being the subject of verbal abuse and death threats because of their sexual orientation . The Home Office has rejected their application and their appeal was dismissed by a first-tier tribunal judge earlier this month .
They had to leave Morocco after the authorities were infuriated by them and a group of other activists who were trying to formally set up a pro-LGBT organisation called Akaliyat ( minorities ) . Several other members of the group also had to flee after it received national media coverage .
The UK 's decision to deny protection to Abderrahim comes a few weeks after the Moroccan minister of state for human rights , Mustapha Ramid , called homosexuals awsakh , an Arabic word for “ scum ” or “ dirt ” . The article 489 of Morocco 's penal code requires six months ' to three years ' imprisonment for homosexuality .
The Home Office accepted Abderrahim as being gay , but said in its refusal letter that their “ claimed treatment does not amount to persecution ” .
A court judgment seen by the Guardian also said that “ prosecutions of gay men [ in Morocco ] are sporadic at their worst ” and “ at best the appellant might suffer the same sort of harassment that they have probably already had to put up with ” .
Abderrahim described their situation in Morocco as a nightmare and said deporting them was like sending them back to darkness .
“ Being gay in Morocco is hard , you can face persecution and be put in prison , ” Abderrahim told the Guardian . “ I know who I am now , I understand what 's the meaning of freedom , I can walk in the street and not look behind my back . For me to go back to Morocco is to go back to darkness – homophobia in Morocco is rising . ”
Abderrahim had initially sought asylum in Amsterdam in January , immediately after arriving in the Netherlands from Morocco on a valid Schengen visa . However , Dutch authorities sent them to the UK because they also had a UK visa that was issued more recently and was valid for a longer period .
They were first diagnosed as HIV-positive in May 2013 , but had to wait three years to receive medication because of complicated regulations in Morocco .
People in Morocco still think an HIV-positive person is someone we should throw away Jamal Malek , activist
In 2014 , while working for an Aids charity group , ALCS ( Association de lutte contre le SIDA ) , they gave an interview to Moroccan television in which they spoke about their HIV status . Abderrahim 's revelation led to a huge social backlash . “ I even received death threats from my older brother , ” they said .
In Casablanca , where they were living with their partner , they had to move several times . “ When I was living with my partner , I was moving house … every time our sexuality was disclosed , they would ask us to leave , ” they said . “ First time they asked us to leave , second time it was because our neighbour found out we were gay and they spread the word to the entire neighbourhood , people in the neighbourhood started to shout ‘ faggot , faggot ' , we had to leave again . ”
Persecution of the LGBT community in Morocco is rife . King Mohammed VI is a western ally and the country is a popular tourist destination for westerners , which activists say means its poor human rights record gets little attention globally .
Jamal Malek , a Moroccan LGBT activist whom the Guardian met in Marrakesh , said Morocco is unsafe for Abderrahim . “ People in Morocco still think an HIV-positive person is someone we should throw away , abandon and eliminate from our everyday life , ” they said . “ Abderrahim is not only an HIV-positive person , but also publicly and openly gay , and that 's just enough for us to see how it 's going to be so difficult for them to come back to Morocco . ”
Marwan Mohamed Elhajjami , a Moroccan activist who has recently been forced into exile in the Netherlands because of their queer activism , said the deportation of Abderrahim to Morocco is a real threat to their personal security . “ He is at risk of facing a prison sentence of up to three years – they were living in constant and increasing fear of being arrested because of their sexuality , and this danger still exists . ”
Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said Abderrahim 's case shows that the home secretary , Amber Rudd , is suggesting that Morocco is safe for LGBT people .
“ This is nonsense , ” Tatchell said . “ Gay Moroccans are at risk of arrest , imprisonment , homophobic violence and so-called honour killing . Many people with HIV in Morocco do not have access to life-saving treatments , so their deportation could be a death sentence . ”
The UK government 's country policy and information note on sexual orientation and gender identity in Morocco , updated in July , admits that up-to-date official statistics about convictions and sentences in Morocco are not available .
Abderrahim 's lawyers have submitted an application for permission to appeal the judgment .
A Home Office spokesperson said Abderrahim 's “ claim was carefully considered on its individual merits against background country information and was refused in August 2017 ” .
As expected , the MTA Board approved a 15-month L train shutdown today , officially heralding in a near ( albeit temporary ) future of truncated service between North Brooklyn and Manhattan .
The MTA Board awarded the $ 477 million contract to Judlau Contracting . The shutdown—which will totally suspend service between Eighth Avenue in Manhattan and Bedford Avenue in Brooklyn—will commence in April 2019 , according to the Board . Though the MTA plans to increase service on the G and J trains and run shuttle buses to make up for the loss of the L , the city has still not announced an adequate alternative to the popular line , and local residents and businesses have been understandably concerned about the potential impact of the shutdown .
( One alternative , proposed by former Gothamist staffer/Village Voice city editor Christopher Robbins , architect Cricket Day , and fellow team members Becca Groban and Kellen Parker , involves a six-stop shuttle bus that would operate on dedicated lanes on 14th Street , coupled with a two-way protected bikeway . That alternative won Gothamist and Transportation Alternatives ' “ L-ternative Visions ” design competition last week . )
There is some respite—the shutdown was initially supposed to last for 18 months , but the MTA now expects it to only last 15 months .
And when the MTA says 15 months , they really mean it , though some on the board say Judlau contributed to lengthy delays on the Second Ave Subway : `` I expect this project to be completed in 15 months , '' Lawrence S. Schwartz , an authority board member , said today , according to the Times . `` I want to make sure that Judlau and everybody else who is going to be involved on this project understands that it will not be tolerated or accepted to be 15 months and one day . ''
History necessitates skepticism , but in the meantime , the Board also voted on a number of fancy proposals , like awarding a contract for outreach services pertaining to Phase II of the 2nd Avenue Subway , which is expected to extend the new line up to 106th and 116th Streets . The Board will also award $ 150 million to upgrade some subway stations in Queens , as part of Governor Cuomo 's Enhanced Station Initiative .
The Broadway , 30th Avenue , 36th Avenue , and 39th Avenue stations in Astoria will get better lighting , countdown clocks and new subway art , among other things , in exchange for potential partial and full station closures .
CLOSE Sandra Bullock , Justin Timberlake and Ellen DeGeneres went home from the 2014 People 's Choice Awards smiling ! VPC
And the winners are ...
Ellen DeGeneres Justin Timberlake attend the 40th Annual People 's Choice Awards at Nokia Theatre L.A. Live on Jan. 8 , 2014 in Los Angeles . ( Photo11 : Christopher Polk , Getty Images for The People 's Choice Awards )
Fans cast more than 700 million votes to decide who took home trophies at Wednesday 's People 's Choice Awards . Which stars were their favorites ?
The list of winners :
Movie actor : Sandra Bullock
Album : The 20/20 Experience , Justin Timberlake
Daytime TV host : Ellen DeGeneres
New talk-show host : Queen Latifah
Competition TV show : The Voice
Comedic movie actor : Adam Sandler
RECAP : Sandra Bullock scores at People 's Choice Awards
PHOTOS : People 's Choice Awards 2014 red carpet
Network TV drama : The Good Wife
Comedic movie : The Heat
On-screen chemistry : Ian Somerhalder ( Damon ) and Nina Dobrev ( Elena ) , The Vampire Diaries
Pop artist : Britney Spears
Comedic TV actor : Kaley Cuoco
Comedic TV actor : Chris Colfer
Dramatic TV actor : Josh Charles
Cable TV drama : The Walking Dead
Action movie star : Robert Downey Jr .
Comedic movie actor : Sandra Bullock
Actor in a new TV series : Joseph Morgan
Late-night talk show host : Stephen Colbert
Humanitarian : Jennifer Hudson
Actress in a new TV series : Sarah Michelle Gellar
Network TV comedy : The Big Bang Theory
Sci-fi/fantasy TV actor : Ian Somerhalder
Cable TV actor : Lucy Hale
Streaming series : Orange Is the New Black
Movie : Iron Man 3
Movie actor : Johnny Depp
Movie duo : Sandra Bullock and George Clooney ( Gravity )
Action movie : Iron Man 3
Dramatic movie : Gravity
Dramatic movie actor : Leonardo DiCaprio
Dramatic movie actor : Sandra Bullock
Family movie : Despicable Me 2
Horror movie : Carrie
Thriller movie : Now You See Me
Favorite year end movie : The Hunger Games : Catching Fire
Dramatic TV actor : Stana Katic
TV crime drama : Castle
Cable TV comedy : Psych
Premium cable TV show : Homeland
TV anti-hero : Andrew Lincoln ( Rick Grimes ) , The Walking Dead
Sci-fi/fantasy TV show : Beauty and the Beast
Sci-fi/fantasy TV actor : Kristin Kreuk
New TV comedy : Super Fun Night
New TV drama : Reign
TV bromance : Jared Padalecki , Jensen Ackles and Misha Collins ( Sam , Dean and Castiel ) , Supernatural
TV gal pals : Naya Rivera and Lea Michele ( Santana and Rachel ) , Glee
TV movie/mini-series : American Horror Story
Series we miss most : Breaking Bad
Male artist : Justin Timberlake
Female artist : Demi Lovato
Breakout artist : Ariana Grande
Country artist : Taylor Swift
Country music icon : Tim McGraw
Hip-hop artist : Macklemore & Ryan Lewis
R & B artist : Justin Timberlake
Band : One Direction
Alternative band : Fall Out Boy
Song : Roar , Katy Perry
Music fan following : Lovatics ( Demi Lovato fans )
Music video : Roar , Katy Perry
LOOKS FROM THE RED CARPET :
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1hxgzxZ
Todd Myers is the Chief Assistant Prosecutor of Green County , Missouri which includes the town of Springfield in the southwest part of the state . They were recognized as an “ Up & Coming Attorney ” in Missouri Lawyers Weekly a few years ago , and with good reason . They had the highest rate of DWI convictions in the state . They were designated as a Special Assistant U.S. Attorney to handle firearms violations ; he 's handled numerous jury trials including high-profile homicides , assaults , robberies , and the like . He 's even an adjuct professor at a local university . He 's upset , however , over Amendment 5 . . .
to the Missouri Constitution–passed by a landslide last August–which subjects any restriction on the right to keep and bear arms to strict scrutiny .
Myers said the charge of felony possession of a firearm is a very important one in their arsenal . “ Drug dealers , gang members , domestic abusers , those are the types of people that are committing most of the most serious shootings in our community and we 'd like to make sure we can prosecute them if they 're caught with firearms… . ”
Myers also said that Amendment 5 has kept them from putting people behind bars for longer periods of time . They gave as an example the case of Darrell Smith .
“ Smith had prior convictions for felony stealing , ” Myers said . “ We were unable to pursue a felony murder charge against them based upon them being a felon who killed someone while they possessed a firearm . Instead that case went to trial on a traditional murder charge and they ended up being convicted of involuntary manslaughter. ” Myers said their office has given up on pursuing felony possession cases in which prosecutors can not prove the suspect has a previous violent felony conviction . Moving forward , they said they would like to see legal clarity . “ What I 'd like to see occur is that our Missouri state law be consistent with the federal law that any felon be prohibited from possessing a firearm , ” Myers said .
Putting aside for the moment the fact that Smith could still be charged with violating federal law ( which still prohibits persons convicted of a crime potentially punishable by more than one year in prison from possessing a firearm , ) Darrell Smith was indeed found guilty of second-degree involuntary manslaughter as well as armed criminal action . They had originally pled guilty to second-degree murder , but withdrew their plea after the passage of Amendment 5 .
The jury had the opportunity to choose between “ charges of second-degree murder , first-degree involuntary manslaughter and second-degree involuntary manslaughter…. ” They found Smith guilty of second-degree involuntary manslaughter — the least serious charge — “ after three hours of deliberation. ” Second-degree involuntary manslaughter has a maximum penalty of seven years in prison .
Let me repeat that : Smith was found guilty only of involuntary manslaughter . The jury had the opportunity to convict them of the charge he 'd original pled to , second-degree murder , but decided that the evidence presented was n't sufficient to convict .
Mr. Myers is no doubt correct : as a prosecutor , having the ability to throw a few extra charges at people that you just know are guilty of something is useful . It 's obviously much easier to convict someone of being a felon in possession of a firearm than it is murder . And sometimes prosecutors ' feelings actually are right — the guy they suspect of being guilty of doing something nasty , but ca n't prove with the evidence actually is a miscreant that should n't be allowed to walk the streets freely . Making a few more things illegal so that they can prosecute those people in the gray area might , potentially , keep a few more criminals behind bars .
But is that what we want from our justice system ? Is it , in any sense , justice to allow prosecutors the flexibility to nail anyone they desire ?
by Paul Gardner , Jul 23 , 2011
By Paul Gardner
Like it or not -- and most of us would at least make a pretense of objecting -- scorelines are the vital building blocks of all sports . The only indisputable things that allow us to make judgments and comparisons , the relentless realities that mean triumph or disaster , fame or infamy .
And that was n't true what I just said about them being indisputable -- they 're probably all disputed by someone , somewhere at some time , or even all the time . It 's just that they get into the archives and then all the controversy that might surround them does n't matter any more . History , and the printed word , have spoken . Such scorelines are there to be accepted -- not interpreted .
I have before me a scoreline : Manchester United 7 Seattle Sounders 0 . Pretty bad . Knowing , as I do , that Sigi Schmid has apologized to the Sounders fans , knowing also that they substituted in a virtually second-string team for the second half ( when six of the goals were scored ) makes no difference . The stark story told by the numbers is that Seattle , one of the better MLS teams , was shockingly outclassed by ManU . In front of 64,000 fans , mostly , I presume , Sounders supporters .
At which point any moderately sane person is going to ask why MLS teams are playing these games in which the chances are high that they will get beaten , or quite possibly thrashed . Did Commissioner Don Garber or anyone else at MLS , need the Sounders to be publicly ridiculed before they accept that MLS is not up to the level of the EPL ?
Doubtful . So why are MLS teams playing in this so-called World Football Challenge that inserts 14 high-profile games into the already crowded MLS season ? This tournament first popped up in 2009 , a four-team event organized by a non-soccer group from Los Angeles , Creative Artists Agency ( CAA ) . MLS teams were not involved in 2009 . The WFC was not played last year , the summer being fully taken up by the World Cup .
But the WFC is back . Not only are five MLS clubs taking part , but we find that MLS is now a co-organizer along with CAA . A crude case of “ if you ca n't beat ‘ em , join ‘ em. ” The WFC had shown in 2009 that there was plenty of money to be made by bringing in top foreign teams to play each other and charging pretty fancy prices for the tickets .
The WFC , with glamour teams like Chelsea and Inter Milan , looked capable of simply obliterating interest in MLS during a three-week spell in the middle of its season . Difficult to imagine how that was going to help the sport , particularly the MLS version , grow .
But helping soccer to succeed in the USA was never part of the CAA agenda . Making money was . What would you expect from an organizing group -- of Americans -- that names its tournament -- to be staged in the USA -- the World Football Challenge ? That deliberate snubbing of the word soccer , tells you immediately that the WFC cared nothing for the American game or about Major League Soccer .
Well OK -- if the American fans show themselves willing to pay the hefty ticket prices to see the foreign heavyweights there 's not much to be done about it . Under that despairing sort of thinking , the MLS decision to help organize a money-making tournament that disrupts its own season and embarrasses its own clubs may make , at least , financial sense .
Talking finance , I should point out that there is a sleeping partner here , one that , without lifting a finger , will do very nicely out of the WFC . Namely , the U.S. Soccer Federation , which rakes in 9 % of the gate money from games featuring two foreign teams ( 8 WFC games ) , and 5.25 % from the six games featuring an American ( i.e . MLS ) team . An income of several million ( some of which gets passed on to FIFA and to Concacaf ) .
But does MLS have to go so far as to demean itself and kneel down in front of the big name clubs ? In come the big European names and suddenly the artificial turf fields in Seattle and Vancouver -- which have so far been deemed good enough for MLS games -- must be replaced with grass fields to accommodate the foreigners . Vancouver made such a mess of laying down its new grass that its scheduled MLS game against Real Salt Lake had to be called off because the field was waterlogged . The game , says MLS , will be re-scheduled . It should not be , it should be deemed a forfeit win for RSL . I ca n't think of any reason why RSL should be required to suffer as a result of Vancouver 's efforts ( or is it the league 's ? ) to kowtow to the WFC .
The Los Angeles Galaxy 's Bruce Arena -- who else would it be ? -- has spoken out against the way that the WFC is structured to favor the foreign clubs : “ The whole tournament is set up to accommodate them . Our needs are not addressed at all. ” The Galaxy , currently the best team in MLS , were taken apart by Real Madrid , 4-1 -- more very public evidence to fuel the argument of those who like to scoff at MLS as a rinky-dink league , an argument further strengthened by the fact that the MLS teams are supposedly fully fit and operational in mid-season while the foreign are only beginning their preseason training -- and Arena made the point that the WFC 's liberal substitution regulations made things easier for the visiting clubs , which have bigger -- and stronger -- rosters .
So far , we 've seen the New England Revs and the Sounders mauled by ManU , and the Galaxy brushed aside by Real Madrid . The Vancouver Whitecaps -- as it happens , currently the worst team in MLS -- did a bit better in a 2-1 loss to Manchester City , but that game was reduced to a farce by the cow-pasture field produced by the newly laid turf .
Three more games featuring MLS teams remain to be played . We are asked to believe that these ritual sacrifices of the MLS teams are a good thing , that the MLS players “ learn ” from them . Maybe they do . But being forced to go through a brutal learning experience slap-bang in the middle of your own season does not sound like good timing .
Nor does it suggest that MLS is taking its own regular season very seriously . Which adds another arrow to the bow of those critics who maintain that MLS regular season games verge on the meaningless because the playoff system deprives them of significance .
When you vote for the House of Representatives in this year 's federal election , there 's a lot more to it than considering which party you like the most .
The green ballot paper is for you to elect a candidate for your electorate . If your favourite candidate receives more than half of all ' 1 ' votes , then they win . If not , that 's when your ' 2 ' and ' 3 ' votes count .
While there has been talk of preference `` deals '' lately , voters themselves decide where their preferences go . Any preference deal between parties in the lower house is to put some parties behind others on how-to-vote cards , which voters do not have to follow .
This visualisation explains how it works . Note : this is for the House of Representatives ( lower house ) only , not the Senate ( upper house ) .
Shovel Knight is already a cracking fighty platformer – have you played it ? – but developers Yacht Club Games have kept adding to it as they tick off stretch goals from the Kickstarter which funded it . The dastardly Plague Knight got their own campaign last year and now Yacht Club have revealed the next boss becoming playable in a free update , Specter Knight . He 's an agile-looking fella with tricks like climbing walls and air dash attacks to get around , as a few GIFs of them in motion show . Yes , King Knight and more modes are still coming too .
Specter Knight is all about fast strikes , dashing with them in any direction like so :
Yacht Club are building on lessons learned from making Shovel Knight 's campaign , they say . “ We made many iterations ( threw out a lot of ideas ) , and learned some great lessons on how best to extend and change up the existing Shovel Knight game world. ” They continue :
“ With that experience fresh in our minds , the team here is now working on all remaining campaigns and updates at once ! That means Specter Knight , King Knight , Body Swap , and Battle Mode ( for PC and consoles ) . That 's a lot more game — and it should arrive sooner than the wait between Shovel Knight and Plague Knight . Creating these updates simultaneously will allow us to plan more cohesively . How levels change between the two characters , how much time is needed for new mechanics/systems , stories interweaving , and so on . Once we 're nearing completion on one set of updates , we 'll be switching our focus to a single campaign to make sure it 's polished for release . Then we 'll be doing the same by switching to the next campaign ! ”
Though they 're not yet sure when either will be finished , Specter Knight 's campaign will come before King Knight . Battle Mode is same-screen competitive multiplayer , while Body Swap mode can turn duderinos into dudettes and vice versa . One of these modes will launch with each new campaign .
The blog post has plenty more details on all this , not to mention more animated GIFs of Specter Knight slashing around – pristine GIFs which have n't suffered me feeding them through Gfycat .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe wants to promote the advanced medical technology industry as part of a plan to breathe new life into the economy - but the country 's doctors ' lobby is opposing what they say is risky surgery .
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe attends a memorial service ceremony marking the 68th anniversary of Japan 's defeat in World War Two , at Budokan Hall in Tokyo August 15 , 2013 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Health care has become the latest battleground in Abe 's efforts to craft a strategy to engineer growth in the world 's third biggest economy , the so-called “ Third Arrow ” of their economic turnaround plan .
The plans include changes to the country 's universal health insurance system - as cherished in Japan as the National Health Service is in Britain - in order to boost growth by increasing demand for innovative drugs and medical devices .
The debate is being cast as a litmus test of Abe 's commitment to deregulation as they attempt to revitalize Japan 's stagnant economy . It also illustrates the opposition that Abe , who returned to power after their Liberal Democratic Party 's ( LDP ) big election win in December , faces from within their own camp .
“ The idea of the growth strategy is ... for the private and public sectors to get together and promote innovation , We agree with that , ” Takashi Hanyuda , an LDP lawmaker who is also vice president of a powerful doctors ' lobby , told Reuters .
The growth strategy also aims to promote exports of advanced medical technology and speed approval of new drugs and devices .
“ But we have to protect the universal health insurance system to which everyone belongs , ” said the 65-year-old ophthalmologist , elected to parliament last month after running with the support of the Japan Medical Association ( JMA ) .
“ If the system starts to break down a little , it will turn into a flood and it would be extremely hard to halt the trend . ”
On one side of the argument is the 165,000-member JMA and health ministry officials , who say they want to protect the cherished principle of universality in a system that has been the envy of much of the developed world .
Lined up against them , and pushing Abe to go further , are advocates of more radical reform who accuse the small family doctors who make up the bulk of the JMA 's membership of wanting protection from competition from larger clinics and hospitals .
Reformers say the changes would give patients more choice and allow doctors more discretion .
The JMA , the health ministry and some experts counter that the reforms would widen healthcare gaps between rich and poor . Critics also question just how much economic growth the changes proposed in a growth strategy unveiled in June would generate .
The JMA also worries that Abe 's push for Tokyo to join the U.S.-led Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) free trade pact would give impetus to such changes if Washington pushes in negotiations for market-oriented reforms to healthcare , although U.S. officials deny they have such an agenda in mind .
RETURN OF THE “ TRIBES ”
Organized interest groups and the “ zoku giin ” ( “ tribal lawmakers ” ) who represent them have staged a comeback since the LDP returned to power in December after a three-years gap and cemented its grip on government in a July upper house poll .
So although opposition parties have been badly weakened , Abe faces tough policy battles with forces inside their own party .
“ The organized vote is definitely making its presence known . The ‘ zoku giin ' are feeling empowered , ” said Steven Reed , a political science professor at Chuo University in Tokyo .
At first blush , the proposed reform hardly appears the stuff of a political battle royal .
All Japanese are enrolled in one of four health insurance schemes that provide the same level of cover at the same prices .
But because of a ban unique to Japan , patients who want to combine a new drug or treatment not included in the official health insurance package with a treatment that is ordinarily covered must pay out of their own pocket for both .
That means they are faced with an “ all-or-nothing ” choice - relatively low-cost treatment inside the public insurance scheme or relatively high-cost treatment without any public cover .
That ban on so-called “ mixed medical treatment ” was imposed because the system , whose roots stretch back before World War Two , is based on the premise of ensuring equal access for all Japanese to the full range of safe and effective treatments .
Exceptions have been made for some advanced treatments - such as cancer drugs approved overseas but not yet in Japan - on the assumption that effective drugs and devices will eventually be covered by public insurance .
Critics say the system is too slow and exceptions too few .
“ HOLY GRAIL ” OF HEALTHCARE
Abe returned to power for a rare second term pledging to revive Japan with a radical economic policy - known as “ Abenomics ” - comprising the “ Three Arrows ” of drastic monetary easing , fiscal stimulus and a growth strategy that includes structural reforms such as deregulation .
Unveiling their “ Third Arrow ” in June , Abe promised to “ dramatically ” expand mixed care in health by increasing the range of treatments included and reducing approval times . On Thursday they reiterated that the change should be a top priority .
Advocates of more radical change want a complete end to the ban .
“ The current system is unfair , ” said Haruo Shimada , president of the Chiba University of Commerce and a former an adviser to then-premier Junichiro Koizumi , a privatization fan , during their 2001-2006 term . “ It 's an institutional defect . ”
Some even want to deregulate public health insurance and widen the scope for private providers , reducing the burden on public finances already heavily strained by Japan 's ageing population and spurring growth of innovative medical treatments .
“ The government should abandon 100 percent control over the medical industry , especially insurance , ” Shimada said . “ Liberalization of the differential in terms of quality and price would give tremendous growth power for the medical industry . ”
Doctors at large hospitals that would benefit most from the change also favor a complete end to the ban , pitting them against self-employed physicians operating small clinics .
“ The JMA says they are protecting patients ' interests , but in fact , it is the patients who are crying , ” said former surgeon Ryosuke Tsuchiya , a member of the board at the Japanese Foundation for Cancer Research and an expert adviser to Abe 's panel on regulatory reform , who wants the ban lifted entirely .
Critics say the doctors ' group is trying to protect the interests of its members who wo n't be able to compete against bigger hospitals offering advanced care in a deregulated system , while health ministry officials want to maintain their control .
“ They are protecting their turf , power and influence , ” Shimada said .
Health ministry officials counter that leaving healthcare to market forces threatens both quality and equal access .
Some outside experts agree that lifting the ban , or even easing it , would be a move towards creating a two-tiered medical insurance system in which expensive , advanced treatments would increasingly be left outside universal coverage .
“ Universality of access is the ‘ holy grail ' of healthcare in Japan and they ( the JMA and health ministry ) do n't want to see anything that would fundamentally undermine that commitment to universal access , ” said one foreign medical industry expert .
Given the tangle of conflicting interests , the outlook for drastic reform is dim . The prime minister already faces a politically fraught decision on whether to implement a planned sales tax rise next year and is pushing controversial changes to Japan 's security policies , so may have little political capital to spend on deregulation , those involved in the process said .
Still , with no election set until 2016 , the next three years may offer the best chance to push deregulation .
“ If we want to promote growth , we need to deregulate where possible since the scope for fiscal measures is limited , ” said Yuri Okina , a Japan Research Institute economist and member of Abe 's regulatory reform panel. ” For deregulation , now is our only chance . ”
It 's a milestone often ( wrongly ) attributed to Star Trek , but the BFI has stumbled upon the seemingly historic footage of a televised play from 1962
It 's an honour often awarded to Captain Kirk and Lieutenant Uhura on Star Trek . More accurately it should go to the young doctors Giles Farmer and Louise Mahler on Emergency Ward 10 . But now the British Film Institute has discovered an even earlier instance of the televised interracial kiss .
A Granada Play of the Week , broadcast in June 1962 and called You in Your Small Corner contains the world 's earliest example , the institute believes .
And it is not just a peck : the play features full-on snogging as well as a post-coital scene .
“ I was astounded … it was so explicit really , ” said the BFI 's TV programmer , Marcus Prince , who discovered the historic kiss while researching an event . “ I looked at the date and realised its significance . ”
The kiss , between actors Lloyd Reckord and Elizabeth MacLennan , predates by six years the famous kiss between Kirk and Uhura in the third series of Star Trek , the first on US TV . It was also broadcast two years before a kiss between doctors on the British prime time soap Emergency Ward 10 .
The one-off play , which went out live , has been written about before , Prince said , but “ nobody had really put the connection together that this looks like the first surviving example of a mixed race relationship on television . ”
The BFI 's creative director , Heather Stewart , called the play “ groundbreaking ” and an important “ document of British social history . ”
They added : “ It demonstrates the role of progressive television drama as a reflection of our society and underlines the vital work of the BFI National Archive as the guardian of our national memory . Fifty years on , diverse on-screen representation is still an urgent issue and we must continue as an industry to effect much-needed change . ”
Prince said the play itself , written by Barry Reckord , brother of the lead actor , is fascinating in its own right . First staged at the Royal Court theatre , to Granada TV 's credit it was commissioned for TV in much the way it was on stage .
“ Not only is there snogging , there is an explicit post-coital scene where they are getting out of bed and getting dressed , ” they said .
The play tells the story of a young black intellectual heading to Cambridge who falls for a white working class girl . Their mother complains that the girl is not good enough for them and they later becomes ashamed that they ca n't compete with their bright new friends at university .
“ It subverted what the viewing public of the time was expecting , ” said Prince .
There were a few abusive letters to MacLennan and the BFI plans to research whether there was a rise in complaints to the Independent Broadcasting Authority .
But on the whole there were not many waves . The Coventry Evening Telegraph praised it as “ intelligent , original and thought-provoking ” and the Daily Telegraph mentioned “ barriers of class and intellect ” .
That is a stark contrast to the fuss over Emergency Ward 10 : a more intense encounter was originally planned before ATV executives got cold feet and allowed only a linger-free meeting of lips between actors Joan Hooley and John White .
Soon after the Jamaican-born Hooley was dropped from the show , their character sent to Africa where they died from a snake bite .
Clips from the play will be shown next week at a BFI event , Race and Romance on TV , featuring a panel which includes Adrian Lester , Art Malik and director Gurinder Chadha . The panel will discuss how TV has represented black and minority ethnic relationships over the years and pose questions such as : Where is the black-led romantic primetime series ?
The full programme can also be seen for free at one of the BFI 's Mediatheques which can be found in nine venues across the UK .
The main cast and creatives of the play have died but Prince hopes there may be someone who worked on the programme who will get in touch .
• This article was amended on 20 November 2015 . An earlier version referred to an earlier incidence , when instance was meant .
The Yukon government is taking stock of the damage from a couple of earthquakes that shook the territory early Monday morning . At least two buildings — a school and a Whitehorse office building — will remain closed Tuesday .
A magnitude 6.2 earthquake hit Yukon and Alaska at about 5:30 a.m. local time Monday , causing power outages , damaging buildings and shaking people awake .
Then another larger quake , magnitude 6.3 , hit less than two hours later , about 7:20 a.m. PT . There were also a series of aftershocks .
The first quake hit in British Columbia 's far northwest , near the B.C.-Yukon border , about 85 kilometres northwest of Skagway , Alaska , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , while the second hit about 80 kilometres west of Skagway .
Whitehorse residents told CBC News that they were falling out of their beds and dishes were coming down from shelves .
Debris tumbles from Whitehorse 's clay cliffs after a quake . Whitehorse resident Angie Dickson took this photo after the second earthquake hit at 7:20 a.m. PT . ( Angie Dickson )
The earthquakes were also felt in northern British Columbia .
`` Incredible shaking felt in Whitehorse around 5:30 a.m. this morning , '' resident Jenni Beauregard said in an email to CBC , after the first quake .
They said the tremors lasted about 30 seconds .
`` Oh gee , I was laying in bed and I felt the double-wide place that I live in start to shake a bit , and I was wondering what was going on , '' Sheldon Miller told CBC News .
Thinking it was just strong winds , Miller headed to the window .
Security camera footage from Triniti Technology in < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/Whitehorse ? src=hash '' > # Whitehorse < /a > shows this morning 's earthquake . Different angles recorded at 5:30am . < a href= '' https : //t.co/9p6Vte3hke '' > pic.twitter.com/9p6Vte3hke < /a > — @ YukonPhilippe
`` There was no wind , but then it started shaking pretty violently . Nothing fell , but things did rumble and vibrate , '' they said .
`` It was kind of scary . ''
'You might want to get under your desk '
The second quake came while B.C . seismologist Taimi Mulder was doing a live phone interview with CBC Radio host Sandi Coleman in Whitehorse .
`` You might want to get under your desk if it 's still shaking , '' Mulder told Coleman .
This is one earthquake aftershock from my office in < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/Whitehorse ? src=hash '' > # Whitehorse < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/Yukon ? src=hash '' > # Yukon < /a > < a href= '' https : //t.co/TGw8hFFd7B '' > pic.twitter.com/TGw8hFFd7B < /a > — @ cbcnorthkv
Mulder said people could be feeling aftershocks throughout the day .
`` You live in an earthquake prone part of the world . ''
Mulder said the 6.2 shake was felt throughout Yukon , though the centre was in northern B.C. , not Alaska as earlier reported .
The quake hit in British Columbia 's far northwest , near the B.C.-Yukon border , about 85 kilometres northwest of Skagway , Alaska , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . ( CBC )
`` I think you need to be prepared for potentially more seismicity on this fault . This could likely have been the biggest one that you might feel for now . It 's possible you might get a bigger one . ''
Several aftershocks and smaller earthquakes were registered throughout the morning .
'It took a good shaking '
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said on Twitter Monday morning that the government was closely monitoring the situation in Whitehorse and emergency response was `` on standby to help as required . ''
Yukon government officials were also taking stock of any damage to infrastructure , including roads and bridges , but by Monday afternoon had reported no major problems yet .
Canada 's Govt Ops Centre closely monitoring earthquake near Whitehorse - on standby to help as required . Stay safe everyone . — @ RalphGoodale
Dept . of Highways is organizing a comprehensive check of all highways including bridge inspections . — @ YukonPS
The Whitehorse airport appeared unaffected and flights were coming and going as scheduled , said Aisha Montgomery , with the Yukon government 's protective services division .
At least one downtown building appeared to suffer damage — the Lynn building was evacuated and closed for the day . The territorial government , which rents the building , said it will remain closed until an engineer 's report is reviewed .
Paula Nugent , who works there , noticed long cracks on the outside of the building . They also saw damage inside before they had to leave .
`` The stairwell has been compromised with huge cracks , there 's plaster falling off the walls , '' they said . `` It looks pretty scary in there .
`` I work on the fourth floor , and there are cabinet doors open , there are plants fallen over , there are pictures on the floor — yeah , it took a good shaking , '' they said .
Paula Nugent works in the Lynn building in < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/Whitehorse ? src=hash '' > # Whitehorse < /a > . Here they are showing what 's new after this morning 's earthquake . < a href= '' https : //t.co/H4vMOAGwXV '' > pic.twitter.com/H4vMOAGwXV < /a > — @ YukonPhilippe
The Yukon government is inspecting all schools , and two were closed for the day — Elijah Smith Elementary School in Whitehorse and the Ross River School . Both suffered some structural damage , according to Holly Fraser with the territory 's Education Department .
Elijah Smith will reopen on Tuesday , officials said , but the library will be closed because of broken windows . Ross River School will remain closed until a technical inspection can be done later this week .
St. Elias School in Haines Junction is showing some `` superficial cracks , '' but it will remain open , the government said .
Whitehorse Elementary School was also closed for inspection Monday morning , but was reopened within hours .
Power outages
The earthquakes also left thousands of people without power early Monday morning . ATCO Electric said 8,000 customers in Yukon were affected , most in the Whitehorse area , but also in the communities of Carcross and Teslin .
Those customers had power back within an hour of the first quake , but about 3,000 of them saw their power knocked out again after the second quake . That outage was also less than an hour for most customers .
Yukon Energy , meanwhile , checked its Whitehorse dam , substations and LNG plant for any damage on Monday morning , but has not reported any problems .
Yukon Energy CEO Andrew Hall said the company 's new LNG plant is designed to withstand an earthquake .
Three Tory constituency association executives in Chestermere-Rocky View resigned over the weekend , citing concerns the nomination race that saw one candidate disqualified — and a Wildrose defector acclaimed — was poorly handled by the party .
Riding association president John Fitzsimmons , director Gloria Wilkinson and secretary Ada Rawlins submitted their resignations on Saturday .
Rawlins , a Tory supporter since Peter Lougheed was premier , said they left , in part , due to “ general stress ” but also expressed concerns PC riding associations were being stripped of their responsibilities .
“ It used to be the associations did a lot … now you have to follow the directions from the headquarters , ” they said .
But the breaking point , for her , came after the Tories disallowed Jamie Lall to run as a candidate in Chestermere-Rocky View and acclaimed incumbent MLA Bruce McAllister , who crossed the legislature floor from the Wildrose to the Tories late last year .
“ That was the final straw , shall we say , ” Rawlins said . “ We could n't even name our own nomination date . We had to wait for ( the party ) to advise us and they kept putting it off .
“ I 've never seen anything like this in all my years of being involved , ” they added . “ Why even bother having an association ? ”
McAllister did not respond to the Herald 's request for an interview .
Lall , who ran for the PCs in Calgary-Buffalo in 2012 , maintains they were never given an official explanation for their disqualification and is now running as an Independent in the riding .
“ What 's done is done , ” they said Monday . “ I just want to focus on the fact that we 've got a campaign … and for the sake of my team , for morale , we 're just trying to keep it positive as we can . ”
Kelley Charlebois , executive director for the PC party , downplayed the significance of the recent resignations , saying two of the three are now volunteering on other PC campaigns and the third , Rawlins , left due to health reasons .
“ We 've got a great candidate in Chestermere … and we 're looking forward to getting them re-elected , ” Charlebois said .
They maintained the PC had a valid reason to disqualify Lall , but would not provide further details .
While Fitzsimmons is now campaigning for PC candidates Peter Brown in Airdrie and Richard Godfried in Calgary-Fish Creek , they also lamented how the nomination in Chestermere-Rocky View unfolded .
“ ( McAllister ) being acclaimed two days before the ( election ) I do n't think helped out anybody , ” Fitzsimmons said . “ I wish we would have had a nomination . I wish we would have had candidates , and Bruce had won it that way . ”
When asked why they are n't staying on as riding association president in Chestermere and helping McAllister retain their seat , Fitzsimmons replied : “ I do n't know him . I 've been trying to find someone to run against them for four years . ”
The PCs have been plagued by nomination race-related controversies in the lead up to the election .
In Edmonton-Ellerslie , incumbent Naresh Bhardwaj pulled out of the race after the Tories launched an internal investigation over allegations they offered a $ 10,000 bribe to keep their seat .
The PCs were criticized after former Calgary police chief Rick Hanson was appointed the party 's nominee in Calgary-Cross while two other candidates were still campaigning .
And the day before the election was called , former party president Jim McCormick blasted Tory leadership in a tersely worded Facebook message , saying they could no longer serve on a board that did not respect its members . They did not expand further .
Speaking to reporters in Three Hills , Prentice said there were no problems within the Progressive Conservative party .
“ I spoke to Ada Rawlins … and they have made it very clear to me that they remain a loyal PC member , a supporter of mine , and that they have stepped down for health reasons , ” Prentice said .
The premier said Fitzsimmons stepped down to help PC candidates in two other ridings .
“ In both cases they were instrumental in recruiting the new candidates to those ridings and they want to be involved there , ” Prentice said . “ Those are the real facts . ”
Mount Royal University political scientist Duane Bratt said discord among party supporters after nomination races is not unusual .
“ What is striking to me is just how many of them there appears to be , ” Bratt said . “ The question is whether this hurts the get-out-the-vote campaign and the volunteer base of the PC party and whether opposition parties can mobilize support . ”
thowell @ calgaryherald.com
According to a team of researchers at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla , California , mechanisms learned from the early phase of limb regeneration in a lizard-like amphibian known as the Mexican axolotl – wound healing , cellular dedifferentiation and blastemal formation – will reveal therapeutic approaches for tissue regeneration in humans .
In two genetic studies , the Salk team has explored why the Mexican axolotl , Ambystoma mexicanum , can regenerate complex tissues such as entire limbs , while others including humans can not .
“ What our work suggests is that jumping genes would be an issue in any situation where you wanted to turn on regeneration , ” says Prof Tony Hunter , director of the Salk Institute Cancer Center and senior author of both studies .
The scientists have found that two proteins , called piwi-like 1 ( PL1 ) and piwi-like 2 ( PL2 ) , perform the job of quieting down jumping genes in this weird creature whose name means water monster and who can regenerate everything from parts of its brain to eyes , spinal cord , and tail . They say that in the axolotl , jumping genes have to be shackled or they might move around in the genomes of cells in the tissue destined to become a new limb , and disrupt the process of regeneration .
“ As complex as it already seems , it might seem a hopeless task to try to regenerate a limb or body part in humans , especially since we do n't know if humans even have all the genes necessary for regeneration , ” Prof Hunter says .
“ For this reason , it is important to understand how regeneration works at a molecular level in a vertebrate that can regenerate as a first step . What we learn may eventually lead to new methods for treating human conditions , such as wound healing and regeneration of simple tissues . ”
The team sought to characterize the transcriptional fingerprint emerging from the early phase of axolotl regeneration . They specifically looked at the blastema , a structure that forms at a limb 's stump . There the scientists found transcriptional activation of some genes , usually found only in germline cells , which indicated cellular reprogramming of differentiated cells into a germline state .
In the first study , published in the journal Development , Growth & Differentiation , the team focused on one of these genes , the long interspersed nucleotide element-1 ( LINE-1 ) retrotransposon . LINE-1 elements are jumping genes that arose early in vertebrate evolution . They are pieces of DNA that copy themselves in two stages – first from DNA to RNA by transcription , and then from RNA to DNA by reverse transcription . These DNA copies can then insert themselves into the cell 's genome at new positions .
A few years ago , Prof Fred Gage of the Laboratory of Genetics at the Salk Institute , discovered that LINE-1 elements move around during neuronal development , and may program the identities of individual neurons . “ Most of these copies appear to be ‘ junk ' DNA , because they are defective and can never jump again , ” Prof Hunter explains . “ But all mammals , including humans , still have active LINE-1 genes , and the salamander , whose genome is 10 times larger than a human 's , contains many more . ”
Active LINE-1 retrotransposons can keep jumping , and that was true in the developing blastema where LINE-1 jumping was dramatically switched on .
The second study , published in the journal Developmental Biology , shows that PL1 and PL2 switch off transcription of repeat elements , such as LINE-1 .
“ The idea is that in the development of germ cells , you definitely do n't want these things hopping around , ” Prof Hunter says . “ The mobilization of these jumping genes can introduce harmful genomic rearrangements or even abort the regeneration process. ” In fact , when the researchers inhibited PL1 and PL2 activity in the axolotl 's limb blastema , regeneration was significantly slowed down .
“ The need to switch on one set of genes to stop other genes from jumping just illustrates how amazingly difficult it would be to regenerate something as complex as a limb in humans , ” Prof Hunter concludes . “ But that does n't mean we wo n't learn valuable lessons about how to treat degenerative diseases . ”
_______
Bibliographic information : Wei Zhu et al . 2012 . Retrotransposon long interspersed nucleotide element-1 ( LINE-1 ) is activated during salamander limb regeneration . Development , Growth & Differentiation , volume 54 , issue 7 , pages 673–685 ; doi : 10.1111/j.1440-169X.2012.01368.x
Wei Zhu et al . 2012 . Activation of germline-specific genes is required for limb regeneration in the Mexican axolotl . Developmental Biology , volume 370 , issue 1 , pages 42–51 ; doi : 10.1016/j.ydbio.2012.07.021
Wild boars look more or less the same in Israel as they do anywhere else : stalky and hairy with big heads , long snouts , and beady eyes . So scientists had no reason to suspect Israeli wild boars were any different than their brothers and sisters roaming the Middle East , from Egypt to Iran .
Now , in a study reported in the New York Times today , Prof. Israel Finkelstein and Dr. Meirav Meiri of Tel Aviv University 's Department of Archaeology and Ancient Near East Civilizations together with Dr. Lidar Sapir-Hen from the same department and Dr. Dorothee Huchon of TAU 's Department of Zoology have found that , unlike the Near Eastern wild boars in surrounding countries , Israel 's wild boars originated in Europe . After a genetic and archaeological analysis , the researchers suggest the wild boars living in Israel are descendants of domesticated pigs brought to Israel starting almost 3,000 years ago by the Philistines and other seafaring raiders .
The findings were published this week in Scientific Reports . Prof. Steve Weiner and Dr. Eilsabetta Boaretto of the Weizmann Institute of Science , Prof . Guy Bar-Oz of Haifa University , Dr. Greger Larsen of Durham University , Prof. Aren Maeir of Bar-Ilan University and Dr. Liora Kolska Horwitz of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem contributed to the study .
Pillagers and pig lovers
`` Our DNA analysis proves that the wild boars living in Israel today are the descendants of European pigs brought here starting in the Iron Age , around 900 BCE , '' says Prof. Finkelstein . `` Given the concentration of pig bones found at Philistine archaeological sites , the European pigs likely came over in the Philistines ' boats . ''
Pig bones have been found in abundance at Philistine archaeological sites along Israel 's southern coastal plane dating from the beginning of the Iron Age , around 1150 to 950 BCE . But pig bones are rare or absent at Iron Age sites in other parts of the country , including in the central hills , where Ancient Israel is thought to have emerged . The researchers set out to determine whether the Philistines and other Sea Peoples — groups of seafaring invaders from around the Aegean Sea — made use of local pig breeds or brought new ones with them from their native lands . Because there is not much difference in the size and the shape between European and Near Eastern pigs , the researchers had to use DNA testing to identify the origins of the animals .
Genetics researchers divide the pigs of the world into three main groups : European , Far Eastern , and Near Eastern . To the researchers ' surprise , each of the 25 modern-day wild boars they analyzed from Israel share a European genetic signature , whereas modern-day boars from nearby countries , like Egypt , Syria , Turkey , Armenia , Iraq , and Iran , have a Near Eastern genetic signature . The researchers conclude that European pigs arrived in Israel at some point and overtook the local pig population .
To find out when , the researchers collected and analyzed pig bones from archaeological sites across Israel — ranging from the Neolithic period to medieval times , 9500 BCE to 1200 CE — the most comprehensive study of ancient DNA carried out in Israel in terms of both number of samples and time span . The results showed that pigs from the Bronze Age and the beginning of the Iron Age display the local Near Eastern genetic signature , while a European genetic signature appears early in the Iron Age , around 900 BCE , and has been dominant ever since . Domestic European pig breeds may have been introduced by groups of `` Sea Peoples '' — including the Philistines , mentioned in the Bible — who migrated to the coast of the Levant starting in the 12th century BCE and settled in places like Gaza , Ashkelon , and Ashdod .
Making themselves at home
Additional European pigs could have been brought to the Levant during the Roman-Byzantine period and during the Crusades . Over time , Over time , the European pigs overtook the local pig population , and their descendants are the only wild boars living in Israel today . The domestic European pigs could have driven the local pigs to extinction , or mated with them — which the researchers think is more likely . To find out for sure , they are further analyzing the DNA of modern wild boars .
`` If the European pigs mated with the local pigs , as we suspect , today 's modern wild boars should have some Near Eastern DNA , '' says Dr. Meiri , who conducted the laboratory work for the study in a special , highly sterile lab in TAU 's Sonia and Marco Nadler Institute of Archaeology . `` If the European pigs just out-competed the locals , we 'd expect the wild boars to have purely European DNA . ''
The pig study is part of a larger project directed by Prof. Finkelstein and Prof. Weiner , which makes use of modern exact- and life-science methods to study the Iron Age . It was funded by a generous research grant from the prestigious European Research Council .
President Hugo Chavez , terrified , has threatened on national television to unleash a bloody pogrom against their political opponents and anyone who opposes him , meaning over half of the civilian population .
These are their precise words :
“ I warn , make no mistake , that the response that I would command would be radical at the hour that these sectors manage to or continue machine gunning guards , sending youths to throw rocks at garrisons , calling for rebellion openly…keep going as you are , and you will see… I come almost from the grave , almost from death ( after the coup of 2002 ) due to weakness and I saw dead persons here in front due to the weakness of a goverbment that I was leading , that will not happen again… If they continue along this path they will force me to make radical decisions . ”
For at least the fifth time since the start of 2010 , Chavez also called on their political opponents to organize another presidential recall referendum .
Yesterday , President Chavez said the political opposition “ …still have the idea of killing me . ”
Then they said , “ If they start an offensive of hard violence that should obligate us to hard action…something I do not recommend… our response would sweep them away. ” If the “ oligarchy 's plans to assassinate me are successful , there will be a frightful reaction against the East of Caracas . “ If you get desperate , it will be a thousand times worse for you , ” Chavez said .
Since the past weekend , different regime thugs including Diosdado Cabello and Jose Vicente Rangel ( JVR ) have made similar threats of mass slaughter against the middle class of Caracas .
Writing under the pseudonym “ Marciano ” in the pro-regime tabloid “ Vea , ” JVR says “ estamos llegando al llegadero , ” which translated to English means roughly , “ we 're coming to a reckoning . ”
The situation in Venezuela has become a “ question of life and death , ” they add .
Marciano writes , “ …the other face of the coin is death . This is what would happen in Venezuela if that opposition rotted by hatred should reach power . It already demonstrated this in the short-lived stage of Chavez 's ouster when the fascist pack launched itself against the chavistas do finish them off . If Chavez were to be toppled , blood would flood the streets of Venezuela 's cities . It is no small thing this chronicler is saying , but lamentably this is what would happen . Let no chavista be fooled and let no one think of peaceful transitions . Life or death . ”
Diosdado Cabello , referring to recent popular protests against Chavez at the Venezuelan baseball championship games at Central University 's stadium in Caracas , asked menacingly , “ ¿What will happen if those who accompany the revolution go to the stadium and start a war ? This is what they are provoking . ”
A few words in the president 's rant today caught our attention : “ …continue machine gunning guards… ”
No guards have been machine gunned in the street battles which have erupted countrywide , since RCTV Internacional was shut down on 23 January , between unarmed student protesters and heavily armed National Guard and Metropolitan/National Police thugs .
So , what was Chavez referring to ? Or was Chavez exaggerating and lying , as they are wont to do ?
Caracas Gringo 's sources within the armed forces report that there was an aborted uprising less than two weeks ago . Reports that at least three generals are under arrest are true . In fact , the number of detained army officers is reported to be much larger than the regime has let on . The sources also say at least that one officer – an army lieutenant colonel – was killed .
Moreover , the abrupt resignation of Vice President/Defense Minister Ramon Carrizalez is believed to be linked to the alleged aborted revolt within the army . It 's not clear what , if any , role Carrizalez might have played in the alleged revolt . But the “ correo popular ” inside the army reports that Carrizalez believes Cabello is gunning for their head and was trying to set up Carrizalez .
Cabello , Rangel . These are the president 's most dangerous enemies . Rangel , who like the cockroach survives everything , is the link between the old Fourth Republic financial sector bottom-feeders and the Bolivarian Fifth Republic 's rats . Cabello reportedly has more influence in the army than Chavez . Both men recently may have lost hundreds of millions of dollars in wealth when Chavez intervened the Bolibourgeois banks this blog has written about since 3 August 2009 ( remember Ricardo Fernandez Barrueco ? ) .
It is odd that Cabello and Rangel – after Chavez – should be uttering the darkest threats of bloodshed , mass slaughter and war against the regime 's political opponents , and against anyone who does n't support Chavez , considering that the chief plotters against Chavez are , precisely , Cabello and Rangel .
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT IMTOOTEN VISITED LOYOLA UNIVERISTYIN NORTH BALTIMORE.THAT CAMPUSWIDE TEACH-IN HERETIM WAS WELL UNDERWAY EVEN AS : THE NEW PRESIDENT WAS TAKINGHIS OATH OF OFFICE. > > WE HAVE TO SCHOOL OURSELVESNOW TO UNDERSTAND HOW THIS ISSUEOF RACE AND RACISM INFUSES OUREVERYDAY WORLD AND WE DO N'T EVENKNOW IT 'S AROUND US.TIM THIS EVENT , PLANNED JUST : WEEKS AFTER THE GENERALELECTION , IS DESIGNED TO ALLOWSTUDENTS TO SPEAK OUT AND TOSPEAK UP. > > INSTEAD OF MARCHING OUT , INSTEAD OF PROTESTING , HOW ABOUTTEACHING IN PUSHING THE FOURWALLS OF THE CLASSROOM ANDMAKING A SPACE TO TALK ABOUT ALLOF THESE ISSUES.TIM ISSUES THAT GO BEYOND : CAMPUS , INTO COMMUNITIES ANDALL THE WAY TO THE White House. > > IT 'S IMPORTANT TO REACH OUTTO EACH OTHER TO REALLY BE OPENAND LISTENING BECAUSE I THINK ALOT OF THE DIVISION A LOT OF THEHATRED AND THE QUESTIONS COMEFROM FEATIM : SOME STUDENTS SHOWED TOGET CLASS CREDIT , OTHERS BYCHOICE , AND EVEN MORE WHO ARECURIOUS ABOUT THE CONVERSATION. > > IT 'S BEEN PRETTY FRUITFUL , GETTING A LOT OF GOOD QUESTIONSFROM PEOPLE AND FOR A LOT OFPEOPLE . THIS IS A HEALINGPROCESS TO SEE OTHER PEOPLE INSOLIDARITY WITH THEM.THIS PARTICULAR TEACH-IN FOCUSEDON RACE RELATIONS AND WHAT ISNOW POLITICAL HISTORY. > > WHEN WE SAY THE VOTE FORDONALD TRUMP WAS ABOUT RACISFROM MY PERSPECTIVE DOES N'T MEANTHAT EVERYBODY WHO VOTED FORDONALD TRUMP WAS A BLATANTRACIST. > > IT KIND OF SERVES AS AMICROCOSM FOR OUR BIGGER WORLDAROUND US.SO I THINK TEACH-INS LIKE THISEVEN IN SCHOOLS THAT ARE NOTPREDOMINATELY WHITE AREINSTRUMENTAL AND THEY ARE SOSIGNIFICANTIM : STUDENTS SAY FOR RIGHT NOW , AND THE DAYS AHEAD , > > WE HAVE TO MOVE ON.WE CA N'T ALWAYS LIVE IN THE PASTAND EVERYTHING.IF YOU DWELL IN THE PAST , THENYOU WORRY TO MUCH ABOUT THEPAST , THE BIGGEST THING IS THEFUTURE.TIM AT THIS HOUR , TEACH-INS
Advertisement Loyola University holds teach-in during inauguration Share Copy Link Copy
Many universities held walkouts last fall to protest Donald Trump 's election . They took a different approach Friday and held teach-ins at universities across the country to discuss the inauguration and the new Trump administration . Many universities held walk-outs last fall to protest Donald Trump 's election . They took a different approach Friday and held teach-ins at universities across the country to discuss the inauguration and the new Trump administration . `` We have to school ourselves now to understand how this issue of race and racism infuses our everyday world and we do n't even know it 's around us , '' radio host Mark Steiner said . The event , planned just weeks after the general election , was designed to allow students to speak out and to speak up . `` Instead of marching out , instead of protesting , how about teaching in , pushing the four walls of the classroom and making a space to talk about all of these issues ? '' said Dr. Kay Whitehead , with Loyola University of Maryland . The issues go beyond campus , into communities and all the way to the White House . `` It 's important to reach out to each other ; to really be open and listening because I think a lot of the division , a lot of the hatred and the questions come from fear , '' Loyola student Jessica Dierdorff said . Some students showed to get class credit . Others by came by choice ; even more who are curious about the conversation . `` It 's been pretty fruitful getting a lot of good questions from people , and for a lot of people this is a healing process to see other people in solidarity with them , '' Loyola student Erick Baker said . This particular teach-in focused on race relations and what is now political history . `` When we say the vote for Donald Trump was about racism , from my perspective , does n't mean that everybody who voted for Donald Trump was a blatant racist , '' Steiner said . `` It kind of serves as a microcosm for our bigger world around us . So I think teach-ins like this , even in schools that are not predominately white , are instrumental and they are so significant , '' Loyola student Jazmyn Barrett said . One student said for now and in the days ahead , `` We have to move on . We ca n't always live in the past and everything . If you dwell in the past then you worry too much about the past , the biggest thing is the future . ''
Everyone can enjoy free entry at Florida state parks and U.S. National Parks to celebrate Veterans Day , observed Saturday , Nov. 11 .
The Florida park service is offering free entry on Saturday at all 160 state parks except Skyway Fishing Pier State Park .
Climb the lighthouse or frolic in the sand at Bill Baggs Cape Florida State Park in Key Biscayne or at Dr . Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park ( formerly John U. Lloyd Beach State Park ) in Dania . Go Rollerblading on the 1.9-mile road at Hugh Taylor Birch State Park in Fort Lauderdale or take in the quiet beauty of John D. MacArthur Beach State Park in North Palm Beach .
At U.S. National Parks , everyone gets free entry on Saturday and Sunday , including Everglades National Park , the 1.5 million acre playground in South Florida 's backyard . Note : Due to Hurricane Irma , Shark Valley , Gulf Coast , all campsites and some trails are closed .
At the Homestead entrance , take a 30-minute stroll down the Anhinga Amble . The free 10:30 a.m. daily ranger-led tour down the trail let 's visitors easily view alligators , wading birds and other wildlife . Meet at Royal Palm Visitor Center benches . Info : 305-242-7700 .
Rare species of birds , such as roseate spoonbill , limpkin and wood storks , were visible during the Everglades Birding Festival in mid January . ( Doreen Christensen )
Other Florida national parks include Dry Tortugas National Park , Canaveral National Seashore , Castillo de San Marcos National Monument and Gulf Islands National Seashore .
Also , at national recreation areas , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is waiving fees on Saturday at more than 2,800 USACE-run areas for veterans , active and reserve service members and their families . Vets can use boat ramps and swimming beach areas in the Lake Okeechobee area for free . The offer does not apply to campgrounds or picnic shelters . Find a site at Corpslakes.us .
See which state parks in Florida had the most visitors during 2014-2015 .
Connect with me : `` Like '' Doreen 's Deals on Facebook ; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter , Facebook and GooglePlus ; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter .
RELATED STORIES :
Discount to Frost Museum of Science for Broward County residents
Free spaghetti and meatballs at Carrabba 's Italian Grill through Nov. 9
Image caption The dollar fell against other currencies after US politicians failed to reach an agreement on a budget
The dollar fell to an 8-month low against a range of currencies , before recovering slightly despite a partial shutdown of the US government .
Analysts said the fall in the dollar had not been more pronounced as the shutdown had been expected .
The shutdown began after the two houses of Congress failed to agree a budget .
The dollar index , which tracks the currency against a basket of six major currencies , at one point fell to 79.864 , its lowest since February .
It has since picked up slightly .
The dollar also dropped to an eight-month low during Tuesday trading against the euro and a one-and-a-half year low against the Swiss franc , which is seen as a haven currency , before regaining some losses .
It also weakened against the Japanese yen , and fell back against the pound .
Wall Street edges higher
Meanwhile , the US stock market ended the day higher as investors shrugged off the US shutdown .
Shutdown impact : the business week ahead Jobs figures : The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) , which releases the closely-watched monthly jobs figures , is currently closed . However , papers the agency filed with the US government noted that last time there was a shutdown in 1995 , the BLS had already collected the data for CPI , or inflation , figures . Because `` the risk of disclosure of the CPI data during a shutdown was deemed unacceptable '' , the BLS brought in staff to compile and release the report . Presumably the agency could invoke the same logic this time around .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) , which releases the closely-watched monthly jobs figures , is currently closed . However , papers the agency filed with the US government noted that last time there was a shutdown in 1995 , the BLS had already collected the data for CPI , or inflation , figures . Because `` the risk of disclosure of the CPI data during a shutdown was deemed unacceptable '' , the BLS brought in staff to compile and release the report . Presumably the agency could invoke the same logic this time around . JP Morgan settlement : Many observers were expecting the announcement of a multi-billion dollar settlement between the bank and several US government agencies sometime soon . Some of those agencies are currently using a rump workforce . The Commodities and Futures Trading Commission , which regulates markets , is on a skeleton staff of 28 employees , down from 680 . The Department of Housing and Development ( HUD ) is also largely shuttered , and the 28 employees left in the legal office are supposed to simply provide advice on legal matters relating to the shutdown , according to a filing .
Many observers were expecting the announcement of a multi-billion dollar settlement between the bank and several US government agencies sometime soon . Some of those agencies are currently using a rump workforce . The Commodities and Futures Trading Commission , which regulates markets , is on a skeleton staff of 28 employees , down from 680 . The Department of Housing and Development ( HUD ) is also largely shuttered , and the 28 employees left in the legal office are supposed to simply provide advice on legal matters relating to the shutdown , according to a filing . Twitter IPO : The Securities and Exchange Commission has said it can remain operational for `` a few weeks '' due to extra funds . This means the agency can continue to evaluate Twitter 's S-1 filing for a potential stock market listing .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has said it can remain operational for `` a few weeks '' due to extra funds . This means the agency can continue to evaluate Twitter 's S-1 filing for a potential stock market listing . American Airlines / US Airways merger trial : A judge ruled on Tuesday that the trial to determine whether or not American Airlines and US Airways can merge will not be postponed . The Department of Justice , which sued to block the merger , had asked for the date to be pushed back , as many of its operations are closed during the shutdown . The trial will start on 25 November .
: A judge ruled on Tuesday that the trial to determine whether or not American Airlines and US Airways can merge will not be postponed . The Department of Justice , which sued to block the merger , had asked for the date to be pushed back , as many of its operations are closed during the shutdown . The trial will start on 25 November . Factory orders : Data on US factory orders was supposed to be released on Thursday . That release , along with today 's release of US construction spending , has been delayed .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 62 points , 0.4 % at 15,191.7 , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 13 points , or 0.8 % , to end Tuesday trading at 1695 .
`` It would appear that the markets either are n't overly bothered by Congress 's inability to avoid a government shutdown , or are n't particularly surprised , '' said analysts from the Alpari trading group .
Debt ceiling
Previously US government shutdowns have lasted anywhere between a day and a month .
The economic impact will depend on how long the deadlock lasts , but Goldman Sachs estimates a three-week shutdown could shave as much as 0.9 % from US GDP this quarter .
Mike van Dulken , head of research at Accendo Markets , said the bigger worry was US politicians not being able to agree on lifting the so-called `` debt ceiling '' , when the US government will reach the limit at which it can borrow money to pay its bills .
`` The longer this goes unresolved , the closer it takes us to the 17 October debt ceiling , when there is no money to pay bills including sovereign debt - debt default is an altogether different issue , '' they said .
There are also concerns that markets will be affected by a possible delay in the release of key US economic data .
The government 's construction spending report for August has already been delayed and there are concerns that the US Labor Department will not release its employment report , which is due on Friday .
Joe Rundle , head of trading at ETX Capital , said the shutdown could mean Federal Reserve policymakers holding off cutting back on their $ 85bn-dollar-a-month economic stimulus programme at their October policy meeting .
`` Liquidity addicted market participants appear to be relatively sanguine this morning , hoping that this shutdown could go as far as seeing the Fed hold back from tapering all together in 2013 , '' they said .
Humboldt Hemp Wick® also combusts at lower temperatures than butane , lights easily , and offers precise flame control . All of this adds up to to a sublime smoking solution for your next blunt , bowl or bong .
But if you 're still not sure that Humboldt Hemp Wick® will deliver the extraordinary taste and heightened smoking experience you 've been searching for , why not put it to the test ?
We love our product and we want you to love it too . So we 're offering you a pretty sweet deal :
YOU cover the cost of shipping and handling .
WE send you our original Humboldt Hemp Wick® for FREE !
We 're not talking about one of those $ 19.99 dealios , either . For a mere $ 1.00 for US addresses and $ 2.50 for international postage , you can soon discover for yourself what our devoted customer base of cannabis connoisseurs already knows : the unparalleled flavor of lighting up with Humboldt Hemp Wick® .
So what are you waiting for ? Order your free hemp wick today !
Let 's be honest . Perl 5 , Python , Ruby , they 're almost the same . There are some differences , but when your compare them with C , Java , Haskell or some such they suddenly feel rather superficial . They suitable or unsuitable for pretty much the same tasks , occupying a niche that Perl pioneered : that of a high manipulexity and whipuptitude .
They each operate at the same abstraction level . Even if a language is lacking a feature that the others have , it 's easily implemented using other constructs . There are plenty of valid reasons to prefer one over the other ( taste , library availability , programmer availability ) , but they all offer the same power . Perl 6 is going to change that .
Perl 6 , like Perl 5 , Ruby and Python steals a lot from other languages . As you may expect , it steals too many things to mention from Perl 5 . It steals chained comparisons from Python , objects from Smalltalk ( in particular Squeak 's traits should be mentioned ) . It thankfully steals nothing from PHP .
It has been said that Ruby is Smalltalk with a perly syntax . Perl6 extends on that : Perl 6 is Lisp with a perly syntax .
Perl 5 is already more lispy than most outsiders realize , but Perl 6 takes that to a new level . It is built around a MOP and multimethods . Lists are quite important in it ( though their semantics are more like Haskell than Lisp in being lazy ) . And it has macros .
Macros in Lisp are one of its most powerful features . It gives the programmer the power to mold Lisp into any shape they want it . In Lisp macros are possible because its uniform syntax of trees of symbols . In Perl 6 macros are made possible by its key innovation . One of the feature it did n't steal from another language : rules and grammars .
Regular expressions is the most stolen feature from Perl among other languages . It 's ironic that even Python , whose community is most critical about Perl 's syntax , took its ugliest feature in essentially unmodified form . ( For an overview of all that is wrong with it , see the introduction of Apocalypse 5 ) . It 's no coincidence that this part of the language has been redesigned from the ground up . In doing so , Larry profoundly changed the language . To quote A5 : “ Regular expressions are our servants or slaves ” ; in Perl 6 they emancipated rules and grammars to first class citizens .
Rules are like regexps , but also like methods/functions . Grammars are like classes for rules . This makes rules vastly more powerful . So powerful in fact that Perl 6 's syntax itself is defined in rules and thus in Perl 6 itself .
I ca n't overstate how profound I think that change is . I think it 's no less profound than when Lisp made functions first class citizens . For the first time it will be possible to have all the metaprogramming power Lisp has without having to compromise on having syntax . Regardless of the success of Perl 6 ( though obviously I do hope it will be successful ) , I predict that this feature will be its long term contribution to language design .
Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) lightweight champion , Anthony Pettis , is n't short on confidence as they head into their first-ever title defense against Gilbert Melendez , which is set to serve as the co-main event at UFC 181 on Dec. 6 , 2014 in Las Vegas , Nevada .
`` Showtime '' likes their chances against `` El Nino '' so much , that they say they wo n't need more than five minutes to get the job done against the former Strikeforce kingpin . But that does n't mean they have any animosity toward Melendez , who they dubbed a `` cool '' person during their stint as opposing coaches on The Ultimate Fighter ( TUF ) 20 .
The same probably ca n't be said for Khabib Nurmagomedov , who has been accusing Pettis of ducking him . But rest assured , once Pettis deals with Melendez , Khabib 's time will come .
`` Showtime '' said as much during a recent interview with Combate ( via Bloody Elbow ) :
`` The fans can expect me finishing this fight in the first round . I 've been out for a year and I 'm excited to be back . I 'm healthy , ready to fight and unfortunately , Melendez will be my first opponent after my return . I say unfortunately because I 'm sure that I wo n't need more than one round . I have to shut up a lot of people and I have others to face . Gilbert is a cool guy , but we have n't chatted so much during the season and we have n't had any arguing . They were there to be a coach and so was I. I 'm a fighter and I have a belt for a reason . I got injured and could n't train like I wished but I 'm back . When Khabib 's time comes , we 'll fight . Now I have Melendez in front of me and that is my concern but if Khabib is next , we 'll fight . ''
While you ca n't knock their confidence , the odds of finishing Melendez are stacked against Pettis , as `` El Nino '' has yet to be finished in their 12-year mixed martial arts ( MMA ) career . Plus , Anthony has n't competed in over a year due to injury , so they may need a few minutes to get warmed up in an actual fight .
Then again , if Dominick Cruz can return after three years on the sidelines and blitz through Takeya Mizugaki ( see it ) , then Pettis might have a shot , as well . Of course , the level of competition Anthony is facing is much , much higher .
No disrespect to Takeya .
Still , you have to appreciate Anthony 's mindset going into their fight , as they are n't looking to play it safe against one of the best fighters in the world coming off such a long layoff .
Can they pull it off ?
Mongrel is looking better than ever and we 've made a lot of progress these last months . Our focus has been to polish smaller parts of the game and find a standard we want to achieve for the whole game . Our current plan is to launch our kickstarter campaign this spring . Because of this we will do more updates on IndieDB , Twitter , Facebook and Tumblr . In fact we 're currently working on a small announcement trailer .
This weekend we started working on the tutorial dungeon in the game , The Forsaken Grotto . Have a look !
We 've also spent a lot of time replacing old assets and adding elements for enhanced atmosphere in the Overworld . New NPCs , critter animals , improved day/night system etc .
As for programming a lot of time has been spent adding new weapons , some of them still have placeholder art , and some will not be revealed before the trailer . But have a look at this goofy cloning technique one item teaches you .
Maybe you 'll figure out who the real Finch is before our next update !
We continuously make smaller posts and announsments on our Twitter account . So if you want all the fresh news , give us a follow .
Save this picture ! Outside In : The Architecture of Smith and Williams ; Wayne Williams ( 1919–2007 ) and Whitney Smith ( 1911–2002 ) , Smith and Williams Community Facilities Planners office ( South Pasadena , Calif. ) , 1958 ; Photograph by Jocelyn Gibbs , 2012
The Getty Trust is partnering with Pacific Standard Time to present 11 individual exhibitions throughout LA 's museums that will explore the history and heritage of the city 's modern architecture and its influential designers . As musician , photographer and architectural blogger Moby boasts that `` LA has the most diverse architecture of any city on the planet '' . Pacific Standard Time Presents : Modern Architecture in LA will explore this diversity that covers post World War II architecture through today through specific points of view ranging in architectural style , influence and decade . The exhibitions , which will run from April through July 2013 , are a follow-up to last year 's Pacific Standard Time : Art in LA , 1945-1980 . The focus of the exhibitions will range in scale and cover the monumental and everyday architectural moments that make LA unique . Exhibitions will present iconic modernist homes and cultural landmarks as well as coffee shops , car washes , and the freeways in addition to the un-built architectural fantasies of modernism and post-modernism .
+ 12
Follow us after the break for the eleven exhibitions that will be part of PST 's event .
Save this picture ! Windshield Perspective ; Beverly Catalina Car Wash ; Image : A+D Architecture and Design Museum > Los Angeles , Abbe Wool ; © A+D Architecture and Design Museum > Los Angeles
Windshield Perspective ( A+D Architecture and Design Museum : April 18th - June 23rd ) brings the unconscious experience of driving through one of LA 's busiest roadways , Beverly Boulevard , into a sight . Through choreographed photographs that freeze the nuanced experience of driving along the dense and disorderly corridor , the exhibit reveals the details that fall out of sight for those drivers and passengers that have an impersonal experience with the context . The exhibit designed as a lens that magnifies and clarifies the everyday city landscape and brings its unnoticed elements to light .
Save this picture ! Outside In : The Architecture of Smith and Williams ; Wayne Williams ( 1919–2007 ) and Whitney Smith ( 1911–2002 ) , 3.Shoreline House for Orange County Home Show , Costa Mesa , California , 1957 ; Photograph by Jocelyn Gibbs , 2012 of a drawing by Al Spencer © Regents of the University of California
Outside In ( Art , Design , & Architecture Museum , UC Santa Barbara : April 13th - June 16th ) looks at one of LA 's architecture firms that expresses the attitude of postwar California . The exhibition reveals Whitney Smith and Wayne Williams ' approach to architecture as it relates to the environment in their residential , commercial and public buildings , as well as parks and master plans .
Save this picture ! A. Quincy Jones : Building for Better Living ; Sunnylands , Palm Springs , California ; Photography by Julius Shulman and Juergen Nogai , 2007 ; © Juergen Nogai
A. Quincy Jones ( Hammer Museum : May 25th - September 8th ) will be the first exhibition to closely examine the LA-based architect 's work , paying close attention to the collaborative nature of their projects . For forty years , Jones worked at refining postwar housing for the middle class using cost-effective , innovative , and sustainable building methods . Their forward thinking led them to design homes with shared green spaces , varied home models and non-grid based site planning .
Save this picture ! Overdrive : L.A. Constructs the Future , 1940–1990 ; Julius Shulman ( American , 1910–2009 ) Department of Water and Power Building Corner with Fountains , 1965 © J. Paul Getty Trust . Used with permission . Julius Shulman Photography Archive , Research Library at the Getty Research Institute
Overdrive : L.A. Constructs the Future , 1940-1990 ( J. Paul Getty Museum : April 9th - July 21st ) takes a comprehensive look at LA 's 20th century rapid development following WWII . It will explore LA 's trajectory into one of the most influential economic and creative capital through photographs , drawings , models , films and comtemporary art . The themes of this exhibition will cover car culture , urban networks , engines of innovation , community magnets and Southern California 's residential architecture .
Save this picture ! Form and Landscape : Southern California Edison and the Los Angeles Basin , 1940–1990 ; Doug White ; Shopping Bag Market , date unknown ; Southern California Edison Photographs and Negatives . Huntington ; Library , Art Collections , and Botanical Gardens
In Focus : Ed Ruscha ( J. Paul Getty Museum April 9th - September 29th ) will explore the artist 's engagement with vernacular architecture and the urban landscape . The exhibition will show their paintings , prints , drawings and photographs to express their attitude towards the city and its development . The motifs of Ruscha 's work reveal an interest in the lively essence of everyday architecture and urban elements : gas stations , apartment buildings , logos , and signage .
Save this picture ! Technology and Environment : The Postwar House in Southern California ; Pierre Koenig ( 1925–2004 ) Case Study House Number 21 ( Bailey House , entrance ) , Los Angeles , 1959 , Photo © 2011 Timothy Sakamoto
Technology & Environment ( Kellogg University Art Gallery , Cal Poly Pomona : April 11th - June 12th ) will examine the postwar housing and its gradual change of design as influenced by necessity as well as construction materials and methods . It will cover the Case Study House program that included Richard Neutra , Raphael Soriano , Craig Ellwood , and Pierre Koenig ; the modern architectural tradition of Rudolph Schindler , John Lautner and Ray Kappe ; and the post-modern architecture of Charles Moore and Frank Gehry . The exhibition will explore how technology and tradition influence the way that the language and style of architecture developed in LA .
Save this picture ! On-Site Office Trailers : Invisible Architecture of the Urban Environment ; On-site Office Trailer , 2012 ; CLUI Photo Archive , 2012 © The Center for Land Use Interpretation
The Presence of the Past ( LACMA : June 9th - September 15th ) will focus on the proposed future of LACMA 's campus with master plans by Rem Koolhaas and Peter Zumthor 's reconsideration of the east campus . In three parts , the exhibition will explore the considerations of the designs , the history of the proposals and the influences on the design from the architects ' past projects and influences .
Save this picture ! Pasadena 1940 Forward : Residential Architecture of the Recent Past ; John Gougeon ; The exterior and bell tower at Pasadena Presbyterian Church , Pasadena , California ; © Copyright , Pasadena Presbyterian Church
Stephen Prina : As They Remembered It ( LACMA April 7th - August 4th ) explores the influence between LA 's modernist architecture and its contemporary art . Prina 's work will explore the themes of site-specificity , personal history and the unreliability of memory .
Save this picture ! Overdrive : L.A. Constructs the Future , 1940–1990 ; Charles Luckman ( American , 1909–1999 ) , William Pereira ( American , 1909–1985 ) , Welton Becket ( American , 1902–1969 ) , Paul R. Williams ( American , 1894–1980 ) LAX , Theme Building ; perspective view , 1961 ; Image courtesy of and © The Luckman Partnership , Inc. | a Salas O'Brien Company
Everything Loose Will Land ( MAK Center : May 9th - August 4th ) will look at LA 's artistic relationships in the 1970s when artists ' and architects ' ideas converged and collaborated to yeild developments in both fields that challenged conventional and traditional values . The exhibition posits that the `` looseness '' of LA provided the perfect medium for the developments that emerged through this process .
Save this picture ! A New Sculpturalism : Contemporary Architecture from Southern California ; Eric Owen Moss ( born 1943 ) , Eric Owen Moss Architects ; Samitaur Tower , Culver City , California , 2008–2010 ; Photo : Tom Bonner ; © 2011 Tom Bonner
A New Sculpturalism ( MOCA : June 2nd - September 2nd ) will look at the radical forms that have seeped into LA 's architecture over the last 25 years . The exhibition begins its focus in the 1980s when the new wave of `` post '' -post-modernism was taking form . It will also focus on the pracitioners of the 1990s and their avant-garge approaches in the theoretical and technical realm .
A Confederacy of Heretics ( SCI-Arc : March 29th - July 7th ) focuses on the brief period of time when influencial LA architect , Thom Mayne held a temporary gallery in their home . It will include models , drawings and media that had been presented in the original 1979 exhibitions .
Check PST 's website for more information on events that will be running concurrently with the exhibitions .
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen has no complaints about the decision to show Sonny Bill Williams a red card .
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen says there 's `` no point whining '' about Sonny Bill Williams red card that changed the shape of the second test
Sonny Bill Williams was sent off in the 25th minute of the second test against the Lions , the first All Black sent off in a test in 50 years , the first New Zealand back ever .
They saw red from French referee Jerome Garces for a no-arms shoulder charge on Lions wing Anthony Watson , in which their right shoulder appeared to contact the head .
PHOTOSPORT Sonny Bill Williams shoulder charges Anthony Watson and is sent off .
Hansen had no quibble with the decision , though they felt it could have been a yellow .
READ MORE :
* Lions edge out weakened All Blacks
* Key moments : ABs v Lions
* Player ratings : ABs v Lions
* Reason : A red day for Sonny Bill
* SBW joins the hall of shame
`` The red card was a red card , if the ref says it 's a red card , you do n't have any say in it , '' they said , telling reporters the effect of the dismissal was obvious . `` It was one of those that could have been a yellow or a red , but they chose it to be a red so you just have to live with it .
`` There 's no point whining about it , Sonny did n't use their arms so they put themselves at risk , and unfortunately they collected young Anthony 's head and put hm at risk . You do n't want that and the referee deemed it a red card , so off you go boy . ''
When Williams departed in the 25th minute with the scores at 3-3 they were the first All Black sent off since the great lock Colin Meads against Scotland . Loose forward Cyril Brownlie was the first All Black sent from the field in a test match , against England in 1925 .
NZN VIDEO Lions coach Warren Gatland shares their thoughts on the Sonny Bill Williams red card .
New Zealand won both those games with 14 men , beating Scotland 14-3 and England 17-11 . This time they lost , 21-24 .
Lions coach Warren Gatland described the red card as `` just one of those things '' .
Williams had led with the shoulder , so the referee felt they had no choice , Gatland said ,
`` It was a significant loss for the All Blacks in terms of a key person , and we were aware of that . '
Williams will now go through the judiciary process .
Hansen said they did not consider Williams had intended to hurt Watson .
ANDREW CORNAGA/PHOTOSPORT Sonny Bill Williams is red carded by the referee in the second test against the Lions .
Players often got involved in incidents that got them on the wrong side of the law but they did not consider they did that intentionally , they said .
They mentioned Lions prop Mako Vunipola as well , for their two hits on All Blacks first five Beauden Barrett .
They felt players never had the intent to hurt an opponent `` but that 's what happens '' .
1 of 26 DAVID ROGERS/GETTY IMAGES Owen Farrell of the Lions kicks the match winning penalty during the second test match . 2 of 26 HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES A frustrated Sonny Bill Williams left the All Blacks weakened . 3 of 26 GETTY IMAGES Conor Murray of the Lions scores their side 's second try . 4 of 26 ROSS GIBLIN/STUFF Israel Dagg runs with the ball . 5 of 26 REUTERS/GRAY Beauden Barrett 's penalties got New Zealand on the board . 6 of 26 PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES Elliot Daly of the Lions breaks through . 7 of 26 PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES The ball and pitch were slippery , thanks to awful Wellington weather . 8 of 26 PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES A serious Steve Hansen looks on . 9 of 26 ANTHONY PHELPS/REUTERS Sonny Bill Williams walks off after being shown the red card . 10 of 26 ANTHONY PHELPS Lions ' Johnny Sexton kicks . 11 of 26 HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES Referee Jerome Garces of France lectures the players . 12 of 26 DAVID GRAY/REUTERS Lions ' Liam Williams in action . 13 of 26 ANDREW CORNAGA/PHOTOSPORT Sonny Bill Williams is red carded by the referee in the second test . 14 of 26 PHOTOSPORT Sonny Bill Williams shoulder charges Anthony Watson . 15 of 26 GETTY IMAGES Kieran Read walks onto the pitch . 16 of 26 DAVID GRAY/REUTERS A Lions fan cheers from the crowd . 17 of 26 ANDREW CORNAGA/PHOTOSPORT The All Blacks perform the haka . 18 of 26 ROSS GIBLIN/FAIRFAX NZ Selfie time ! 19 of 26 ANTHONY PHELPS/REUTERS Fans get excited before the match . 20 of 26 ROSS GIBLIN/STUFF Fans brave the rain at Westpac Stadium . 21 of 26 GETTY IMAGES Warren Gatland , the Lions ' head coach , looks on before kickoff . 22 of 26 HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES Dane Coles , before kickoff . 23 of 26 HANNAH PETERS/GETTY IMAGES All Blacks head coach Steve Hansen and selector Grant Fox look snug ahead of the match . 24 of 26 PHIL WALTER/GETTY IMAGES The two captains , Sam Warburton and Kieran Reid do the coin toss . 25 of 26 MONIQUE FORD/FAIRFAX NZ The fanzone in Wellington , before the match . 26 of 26 MONIQUE FORD/FAIRFAX NZ All Blacks and British and Irish Lions rugby test supporters at the Fanzone , Odlin 's Plaza , Wellington .
`` Things happen in the heat of the moment , players end up on the wrong side of the law ... all you want from the ref is consistency . ''
Under the rules of rugby , Williams could have been deemed to have broken more than one .
1 . A player must not tackle ( or try to tackle ) an opponent above the line of the shoulders even if the tackle starts below the line of the shoulders . A tackle around the opponent 's neck or head is dangerous play .
2 . A player must not strike an opponent with the hand , arm or fist , including the elbow , shoulder , head or knee ( s ) .
3 . A player must not charge or knock down an opponent carrying the ball without trying to grasp that player .
The departure of the big No 12 saw Hurricanes midfield Ngani Laumape make their test debut under the most difficult of circumstances , replacing Williams in a side that had to play the remaining 55 minutes with only 14 men .
Blindside loose Jerome Kaino was sacrificed from the forward pack in order to get Laumape on.the field , in a match played in wet and slippery conditions .
All Blacks fans put up a huge roar in the 53rd minute when Lions prop Vunipola felled Beauden Barrett with a late charge .
Vunipola stayed on , and Barrett kicked the resultant penalty . Moments later Vunipola did Barrett over again and was shown a yellow card .
When they were sent off , Meads had a reputation for 'robust ' play . Irish referee Kevin Kelleher gave them their marching orders for a kick aimed toward Scotland first five-eighth David Chisholm .
The Daily Telegraph reported it as `` for one with Meads ' world-wide reputation for robust play , this was rather like sending a burglar to prison for a parking offence '' .
Brownlie was dismissed for stamping a player on the ground , after both England and New Zealand went toe-to-toe early . as The Times reported `` more than one unpleasant proof that the forwards were taking things too seriously '' .
Referee Albert Freethy said they had warned the teams , and had no option .
* Comments have been closed on this article
`` Frankie Howard '' redirects here . For the English footballer , see Frankie Howard ( footballer )
Francis Alick Howard , OBE ( 6 March 1917 – 19 April 1992 ) , [ 1 ] better known by their stage-name Frankie Howerd , was an English comedian and comic actor whose career , described by fellow comedian Barry Cryer as `` a series of comebacks '' , [ 2 ] spanned six decades .
Early career [ edit ]
Howerd was born the son of soldier Francis Alfred William [ 3 ] ( 1887–1934 ) [ 4 ] and Edith Florence Howard [ 3 ] ( née Morrison , 1888–1962 ) , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] at the City Hospital in York , England , in 1917 ( not 1922 as they later claimed ) . They were educated at Shooter 's Hill Grammar School in Shooter 's Hill , London . [ 5 ]
Their first stage appearance was at age 13 but their early hopes of becoming a serious actor were dashed when they failed an audition for the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art . They began to entertain during World War II service in the British Army . It was at this time that they adapted their surname to Howerd `` to be different '' . [ 1 ] In 1944 they became a bombardier in Plymouth , was promoted to sergeant , and on 6 June 1944 was part of the D-Day effort but was stuck on a boat off Normandy . [ 3 ] Despite suffering from stage fright , they continued to work after the war , beginning their professional career in the summer of 1946 in a touring show called For the Fun of It .
Their act was soon heard on radio , when they made their debut , in early December 1946 , on the BBC 's Variety Bandbox programme with a number of other ex-servicemen . Their profile rose in the immediate postwar period ( aided with material written by Eric Sykes , Galton and Simpson and Johnny Speight ) . They made their screen debut opposite Petula Clark in The Runaway Bus ( 1954 ) , which had been written for their specific comic talent . Shooting took five weeks , with a budget of £45,000 . [ 3 ] [ full citation needed ] The film , however , was an immediate hit , even though Howerd never established a major film presence thereafter .
Career revival [ edit ]
Howerd was a regular feature in the 1950s version of the comic Film Fun but when they began experimenting with different formats and contexts , including stage farces , Shakespearean comedy roles , and television sitcoms , they began to fall out of fashion . After suffering a nervous breakdown at the start of the 1960s , they began to recover their old popularity , initially with a season at Peter Cook 's satirical Establishment Club in Soho in London . They were boosted further by success on That Was the Week That Was ( TW3 ) in 1963 and on stage with A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum ( 1963–1965 ) , which led into regular television work . In 1966 and 1967 , they co-hosted a 90-minute Christmas show called The Frankie and Bruce Christmas Show with Bruce Forsyth , featuring many top acts of the day .
During the 1960s and 1970s , they were involved in shows for the BBC and Thames Television ( as well as Frankie Howerd Reveals All for Yorkshire Television in 1980 ) . Ray Galton and Alan Simpson wrote for them from 1964 to 1966 when they worked for the BBC and also for a one-off show for the Thames , Frankie Howerd meets the Bee Gees , shown on 20 August 1968 . They were known for their seemingly off-the-cuff remarks to the audience , especially in the show Up Pompeii ! ( 1969–70 ) , which was a direct follow-up from Forum . Their television work was characterised by direct addresses to camera and by their littering monologues with verbal tics such as `` Oooh , no missus '' and `` Titter ye not '' . A later sale of their scripts , however , showed that the seemingly off-the-cuff remarks had all been meticulously planned . Barry Cryer said of their technique : `` What they could do with a script was amazing , like all the great performers . They transformed something you 'd just written – what you hoped was in a Frankie Howerd idiom – but when you heard them do it , my God , it was something else ; – it was gossiping over the garden wall , the apparent waffle – they were like a tightrope walker , you thought he 's going to fall off in a minute , you thought , 'Come on , Frank ' , we 're waiting for a laugh , and then , suddenly , Bang . They knew exactly what they were doing . `` [ 6 ] Another feature of their humour was to feign innocence about their obvious and risqué double entendres , while mockingly censuring the audience for finding them funny .
Howerd appeared as Francis Bigger , one of the lead characters in 1967 's Carry On Doctor , [ 7 ] of which Variety noted , `` Added zest is given by the inclusion of Frankie Howerd as a quack 'mind-over-matter ' doctor who becomes a reluctant patient . Howerd 's brilliantly droll sense of comedy is given plenty of scope . `` [ 8 ]
The success of the film version of Up Pompeii in 1971 saw British exhibitors vote them the ninth most popular star at the British box office that year . [ 9 ] They would play versions of the character Lurkio in Up the Chastity Belt ( Lurkalot ) , also in 1971 , and Up the Front ( Boot Boy Lurk ) in 1972 .
In 1971 Howerd recorded , with June Whitfield , a comedy version of the song `` Je t'aime '' , previously recorded by Jane Birkin and Serge Gainsbourg , in which they featured as `` Mavis '' alongside Howerd 's `` Frank '' , and a third unexplained sleeping partner named `` Arthur '' . The song was included in the 2004 CD re-issue of Oh ! What a Carry On ! .
They were awarded an OBE in 1977 . [ 10 ]
Later career [ edit ]
In 1976 , Howerd appeared in The Frankie Howerd Show on CBC Television . It received good ratings but was not renewed . [ 11 ]
In 1978 , Howerd appeared in the big-budget Hollywood musical Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band playing Mean Mr Mustard , acting alongside musical and film talent such as Peter Frampton , the Bee Gees , George Burns , Alice Cooper , Aerosmith and Steve Martin . They were cast by producer Robert Stigwood as they were on Stigwood 's record label at the time . The film was a critical and commercial flop . Since Howerd was not well known to American audiences , this may have been their biggest exposure in the US .
There was a cabaret tour of New Zealand in 1979 . [ 3 ]
After six years without a regular television show in the United Kingdom ( though they had hosted a one-off UK version of The Gong Show for Channel 4 , which was critically panned and was not commissioned for a full series ) , Howerd returned to TV screens in 1987 in the Channel 4 show Superfrank ! , scripted by Miles Tredinnick and Vince Powell . In the last years of their career , Howerd developed a following with student audiences and performed a one-man show at universities and in small theatrical venues . They were also a regular and popular guest on the late night BBC Radio 1 programme Into the Night , hosted by Nicky Campbell .
Howerd often worked with Sunny Rogers , who was their accompanying pianist from 1960 onwards . They appeared in their TV and live theatre shows including their last major West End appearance — their one-man show — at the Garrick Theatre in 1990 . In 1982 , Howerd appeared in the televised versions of Trial by Jury ( as the Learned Judge ) and H.M.S . Pinafore ( as Sir Joseph Porter , KCB ) . Frankie performed a comedy-duet with Cilla Black on Cilla Black 's Christmas ( 1983 ) .
In 1990 , they contributed to the last recording studio collaboration between Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson , on the album Freudiana , performing `` Sects Therapy '' .
Personal life [ edit ]
Throughout their career , Howerd hid their potentially career-destroying homosexuality ( acts between consenting males being illegal in England and Wales until 1967 ) from both their audience and their mother , Edith . In 1958 , they met wine waiter Dennis Heymer at the Dorchester Hotel while dining with Sir John Mills ; Howerd was 40 and Heymer was 28 . Heymer became their lover as well as manager , and stayed with them for more than thirty years , until Howerd 's death , with Heymer helping to revive Howerd 's flagging career in the 1960s . However , the two had to remain discreet as Howerd feared being blackmailed if anyone beyond their immediate circle found out . The relationship was explored in 2008 in a drama for BBC Four , Rather You Than Me , starring David Walliams and Rafe Spall .
Backstage , Howerd was notoriously bold in their advances , and was known for their promiscuity . One of Howerd 's former boyfriends was comic actor Lee Young who created the TV sitcom Whoops Baghdad ( 1973 ) for him . Howerd 's uncomfortable relationship with their sexuality – they once said to Cilla Black , `` I wish to God I was n't gay '' – as well as their depressive mental state , led them to seek resolution through a series of different methods . Heymer would often drop Howerd off on Friday at their psychiatrist , who would ply them with LSD over the weekend . [ 12 ] This experience was later the subject of the March 2015 BBC Radio 4 drama Frankie Takes a Trip . [ 13 ]
In their early career Howerd suffered from a stutter , which caused them some distress . Close friend Cilla Black said in 2008 : `` That devastated him '' adding , `` Often he 'd be physically ill with stage fright . `` [ 14 ]
Howerd and Heymer lived for the last twenty or so years of their life in Wavering Down , a house in the village of Cross , Somerset , under the Mendip Hills . [ 15 ] After Howerd 's death , Heymer curated Howerd 's collection of memorabilia until their own death in 2009 .
Death [ edit ]
Having contracted a virus during a Christmas trip up the Amazon River in 1991 , Howerd suffered respiratory problems at the beginning of April 1992 and was rushed to a clinic in London 's Harley Street , but was discharged at Easter to enjoy their last few days at home . They collapsed and died of heart failure two weeks afterwards , on the morning of 19 April 1992 , aged 75 . [ 16 ] Two hours before they died , they were speaking on the telephone to their TV producer about new ideas for their next show . [ 17 ]
Howerd died the day before fellow comedian Benny Hill . News of the two deaths broke almost simultaneously and some newspapers ran an obituary of Howerd in which Hill was quoted as regretting Howerd 's death , saying `` We were great , great friends '' . The quote was released by Hill 's agent , who was not aware that their client had died . [ citation needed ]
Howerd 's grave is at St. Gregory 's Church in Weare , Somerset . [ 18 ] Heymer was later buried near him . [ 19 ]
Legacy [ edit ]
27 Edwardes Square , London , UK
Blue plaque at Edwardes Square , London , UK
A BBC TV biography about Frankie Howerd , Rather You Than Me , was broadcast by BBC Four on 9 April 2008 , and repeated on 10 February 2013 . The script was written by Peter Harness , after extensive interviews with Howerd 's partner , Dennis Heymer . The comedian David Walliams was cast as Howerd . [ 20 ]
On 15 May 2009 , Heymer died in the home that they and Howerd had shared . They were 79 . [ 21 ] [ 19 ]
Howerd 's home , Wavering Down , is a tourist attraction and , in the summer , hosts concerts and opens regularly as a museum of Howerd 's collection of memorabilia and personal effects such as their false teeth and ill-fitting toupee to raise funds for charities . [ 15 ]
Howerd also lived at 27 Edwardes Square , Kensington , London W8 6HH . The house bears a blue plaque installed by the Dead Comics ' Society .
The church hall of St Barnabas Church , Eltham , is called the Frankie Howerd Centre . [ 22 ]
Works [ edit ]
Recordings [ edit ]
Singles [ edit ]
Albums [ edit ]
At The Establishment and at the BBC ( 1963 , Decca , scripted by Barry Took and Marty Feldman )
Radio [ edit ]
The Frankie Howerd Show ( 1966 )
( 1966 ) The Frankie Howerd Show ( 1973–75 )
( 1973–75 ) The Frankie Howerd Variety Show ( 1978 )
Television [ edit ]
Video [ edit ]
Frankie Howerd at Their Tittermost ( 1991 ) at the Birmingham Hippodrome
Selected filmography [ edit ]
Selected bibliography [ edit ]
Hillary Clinton has recently become the most ardent advocate for the long primary process :
They have taken the calls for them to quit and re-cast them as attempts to disenfranchise the voters . In making it clear that Mrs. Clinton is not dropping out , Maggie Williams , their campaign manager , evoked a moment that for Democrats was a searing injustice : “ The last time that we were told we 'd better cut the process short or the sky would fall was when the Supreme Court stopped the recount in 2000 . ”
Always the overly dramatic responses from the Clinton campaign . And , they really do have no long term memory because , actually , Maggie Williams , your boss was very happy to cut the process short just a couple months ago . They said it would be over February 5th — and seemed quite pleased with that prospect .
What a difference a couple months makes . Jed , of course , has the video : [ youtube=http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=J_eBIpEuO4U ]
Purchasing a 1984 diesel Mercedes-Benz 300TD Mikey Sklar
Without any sort of approval from my girlfriend , I bought a 1984 diesel Mercedes-Benz through eBay . Two years later , the vehicle has provided me with nearly 10,000 miles of service on waste vegetable oil ( WVO ) . The fuel may technically be free , but it has not come without a price . Here 's how I converted my car , affectionately known as `` Chance , '' to a veggie-oil roadster , and some of the hard-learned lessons I picked up along the way . I started with a WVO kit from Frybrid . This company sells a rather high-end ( ~ $ 2,000 ) setup for my model of Mercedes . The primary components are : Heated fuel hoses ( hose-in-hose )
20-gallon fuel tank ( with heat-exchange )
Heat-exchanger under the hood
Heated fuel filter
Embedded computer to control dummy lights and switches between stock diesel tank and veggie oil tank based on radiator temperature
Secondary veggie fuel tank in trunk Mikey Sklar
The idea is simple enough : Place a second fuel tank in the trunk and wait for the vegetable oil to reach a combustible temperature of 160°F . The temperature is important because vegetable oil is much thicker than diesel at room temperature , so you have to get the viscosity thin enough so the pumps and injectors can move it . By tapping into the car 's radiator hoses , the engine heat can be transferred through heat exchanges to warm the vegetable oil . Frybrid provides a reasonable kit , but to be honest , I would n't do business with them again , as their customer service was n't the best . My system came with a faulty temperature sensor that I was unable to get replaced .
Under the hood - A mess of fuel hoses and solenoid valves Mikey Sklar
My conversion took one week with the assistance of a professional diesel mechanic . It was a stressful process ripping apart the car and just hoping that everything would work in the end . Having a mechanic around to offer tips , tricks and tools , and to make minor repairs on the ancient vehicle , helped quite a bit . I do n't recommend taking on your own conversion if you 're not already well versed with the automotive world . The downside of having a mechanic around is the cost ( ~ $ 1,500 ) . Here are a few other bits of advice for anyone else considering such a project . Do not buy an old car . I 'm not kidding -- this was the single biggest mistake I made . Burning veggie oil is just a matter of heating and filtering , but keeping a 25-year-old car on the road is an entirely different challenge . If I were to do it again I would buy something made in the last 10 years that was well taken care of . I have spent just as much on repairs totally unrelated to the veggie oil as I did on the entire vehicle + conversion + installation . At this point the door locks do not work , the A/C and heating in the cabin are unreliable , the stereo is dead , and the odometer has been stuck at 86,000 miles probably sinces the early 1990s .
My girlfriend pumping waste oil behind a gas station in Marfa , Texas Mikey Sklar
Oil collection and filtering is a skill . I have an overpriced gear pump setup called the one shot . I like it because it 's self-contained in a Pelican suitcase , and includes a high-quality filtration system . But getting clean oil that wo n't clog the vehicle 's fuel filter every 300 miles takes more than just this hardware . I like to collect oil from a local restaurant and let it sit for 30 days . Then I run the oil through a highly technical denim filter ( literally old jeans from the thrift store ) . Finally , I use my one-shot to filter the remaining particles down to two microns out of the oil . Consider making biodiesel Lots of folks mix up the difference between WVO and biodiesel . Biodiesel is made through a chemical process usually combining lye and methanol with waste vegetable oil that causes the glycerin to drop to the bottom and leaves the lighter biodiesel to be poured off the top . I purchase methanol from a local car-racing supply store and lye from a pet-food shop to make biodiesel at home . It costs me roughly a $ 1 per gallon and prevents me from having to purchase diesel fuel for the cars stock tank . Just be careful : Both methanol and lye are hazardous .
Refilling the veggie tank during a road trip Mikey Sklar
Our broader mission — to strengthen relations between the Western and Muslim worlds and to help counter radical ideology — lies not in skirting the margins of issues that have polarized relations within the Muslim world and between non-Muslims and Muslims . It lies in confronting them as a joint multifaith , multinational effort .
From the political conflicts between Israelis and Palestinians to the building of a community center in Lower Manhattan , Muslims and members of all faiths must work together if we are ever going to succeed in fostering understanding and peace .
At Cordoba House , we envision shared space for community activities , like a swimming pool , classrooms and a play space for children . There will be separate prayer spaces for Muslims , Christians , Jews and men and women of other faiths . The center will also include a multifaith memorial dedicated to victims of the Sept. 11 attacks .
I am very sensitive to the feelings of the families of victims of 9/11 , as are my fellow leaders of many faiths . We will accordingly seek the support of those families , and the support of our vibrant neighborhood , as we consider the ultimate plans for the community center . Our objective has always been to make this a center for unification and healing .
Cordoba House will be built on the two fundamental commandments common to Judaism , Christianity and Islam : to love the Lord our creator with all of our hearts , minds , souls and strength ; and to love our neighbors as we love ourselves . We want to foster a culture of worship authentic to each religious tradition , and also a culture of forging personal bonds across religious traditions .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
I do not underestimate the challenges that will be involved in bringing our work to completion . ( Construction has not even begun yet . ) I know there will be interested in our financing , and so we will clearly identify all of our financial backers .
Lost amid the commotion is the good that has come out of the recent discussion . I want to draw attention , specifically , to the open , law-based and tolerant actions that have taken place , and that are particularly striking for Muslims .
President Obama and Mayor Michael Bloomberg both spoke out in support of our project . As I traveled overseas , I saw firsthand how their words and actions made a tremendous impact on the Muslim street and on Muslim leaders . It was striking : a Christian president and a Jewish mayor of New York supporting the rights of Muslims . Their statements sent a powerful message about what America stands for , and will be remembered as a milestone in improving American-Muslim relations .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The wonderful outpouring of support for our right to build this community center from across the social , religious and political spectrum seriously undermines the ability of anti-American radicals to recruit young , impressionable Muslims by falsely claiming that America persecutes Muslims for their faith . These efforts by radicals at distortion endanger our national security and the personal security of Americans worldwide . This is why Americans must not back away from completion of this project . If we do , we cede the discourse and , essentially , our future to radicals on both sides . The paradigm of a clash between the West and the Muslim world will continue , as it has in recent decades at terrible cost . It is a paradigm we must shift .
From those who recognize our rights , from grassroots organizers to heads of state , I sense a global desire to build on this positive momentum and to be part of a global movement to heal relations and bring peace . This is an opportunity we must grasp .
I therefore call upon all Americans to rise to this challenge . Let us commemorate the anniversary of 9/11 by pausing to reflect and meditate and tone down the vitriol and rhetoric that serves only to strengthen the radicals and weaken our friends ' belief in our values .
The very word “ islam ” comes from a word cognate to shalom , which means peace in Hebrew . The Koran declares in its 36th chapter , regarded by the Prophet Muhammad as the heart of the Koran , in a verse deemed the heart of this chapter , “ Peace is a word spoken from a merciful Lord . ”
How better to commemorate 9/11 than to urge our fellow Muslims , fellow Christians and fellow Jews to follow the fundamental common impulse of our great faith traditions ?
Matt Besler did n't just win Major League Soccer 's text vote for a spot on the 2011 MLS All-Star team . They absolutely obliterated the competition .
More accurately , Sporting Kansas City 's tech-savvy supporters , Besler 's extended network of friends and family and some savvy marketing did everything possibly to stuff the proverbial ballot box for the 24-year-old center back , rewarding them for a breakout season and sending them to New York .
“ I was joking around and said I either have a ton of fans or I have a lot of crazy fans that like to text , ” Besler said . “ I think it 's a little of both . ”
Besler earned an almost ridiculous 30 percent of the total vote submitted between June 8 and July 5 , receiving nearly three times as many votes as the next closest player , and will be one of 32 members of the MLS All Star team that takes on Manchester United at Red Bull Arena on July 27 .
And according to Sporting KC Manager Peter Vermes , the man who drafted Besler out of Notre Dame and has guided their professional development up to this point , the third-year pro is more than deserving of the honor . They have started 16 of Kansas City 's 18 League matches this season , and the club 's current 12-game unbeaten streak corresponded with Besler 's return to the starting lineup and partnership with Aurélien Collin .
“ First off , I 'm very happy for him , ” Vermes said . “ He should be very proud . Over the last couple years , he 's grown and evolved as a player . More importantly , he 's taken the craft of being a player very seriously . They work very hard in the offseason and constantly improves during the course of the season . ”
Although there is no guarantee that they will play against Manchester United — only 18 players will actually be on Manager Hans Backe 's game-day roster — Besler said they were flattered to be recognized among the League 's best .
They put in countless hours during the offseason to improve their upper body strength and fitness , adding a bite to their game that was n't always there at times during previous seasons . And despite having the immediate reward of representing the League , Besler said they are just focused on continuing to improve and taking more of a leadership position within the squad in Kansas City in the hopes of one day drawing the attention of US Men 's National Team coach Bob Bradley .
“ I try and stay as humble as much as possible , ” Besler said , “ but , selfishly , I hope that this kind of puts my name on the map nationally . I know Kansas City sometimes gets overlooked , but hopefully I can make a name for myself and get on the national team radar . That has always been one of my goals and something I 'm going to work towards over the next year or two . ”
But , first things first , Besler knows they have to continue playing to and above the standard he 's set for himself . He 's cemented themselves in the center of Kansas City 's defense and shows new wrinkles to their game every single week , which has earned the full support and belief of their manager .
“ I expect a lot from the guy , ” Vermes said . “ I think he 's always had a lot of potential , and I still think they have a lot more…The more they play , I just know the better he 's going to become . ”
The Defense Department has been pressing for years to close unneeded military bases in the U.S. Cpl . Andre Dakis/USMC The Defense Department has been pressing for years to close unneeded bases in the U.S. , which would save billions and help gradually downsize and reconfigure the military .
But that campaign has been mostly greeted with hostility on Capitol Hill .
Last March , for example , Pentagon officials argued before a Senate panel that a new Base Realignment and Closure ( BRAC ) round would pay off handsomely , producing $ 2 billion a year in savings by shrinking the infrastructure by only five percent , according to the Military Times .
But influential Republicans including Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , chair of the Armed Services readiness subcommittee , lashed back , noting that the last BRAC in 2005 cost the government $ 35 billion and yet produced little in the way of savings . `` Now is not the time to spend billions of up-front dollars on another BRAC round , especially as costs for the last one have dramatically exceeded expectations , '' they said
Just in case the Defense Department and the White House did n't get the message , the GOP-controlled Congress inserted unmistakable language in the $ 1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill for fiscal 2016 barring DOD from planning another massive shutdown of military bases . `` None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose , plan for , or execute a new additional Base Realignment and Closure ( BRAC ) round , '' states the legislation , which is awaiting final approval by the House and Senate .
`` Normally , Congress just tells an agency that they ca n't spend money to do this or that , '' said Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense . `` But telling the Pentagon that they ca n't spend money to propose a BRAC is the legislative equivalent of 'do n't even think about it . ' The Administration ca n't even put it in their Fiscal Year 2017 budget request next year . ''
It has been a full decade since Congress last authorized a major downsizing of the military 's U.S. footprint . More than 350 installations have been closed in five BRAC rounds dating back to 1988 . In an effort to insulate the decision making from politics , Congress in the past has left the nitty gritty of deciding which bases to preserve and which to close to an independent commission , and then voted to approve or reject the overall recommendations .
Given the steady decline in the number of troops and civilian workers , there is less and less of a need to maintain many sprawling and costly bases and military installations in the country . The Defense Department at one time estimated its excess or surplus infrastructure at between 18 percent and 30 percent , according to The Fiscal Times . The Pentagon 's vast real estate portfolio includes more than 562,000 buildings and structures on 523 bases , posts and centers .
At a time when Defense Secretary Ashton Carter and Gen. Joseph Dunford , the chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff are pressing to streamline the military and reorganize combat commands , administration officials , defense budget analysts and others are dismayed by the staunch congressional resistance to downsizing the infrastructure . This is especially alarming when the Pentagon is being showered with so much money -- $ 572.6 billion alone in fiscal 2016 - while little is being done to crack down on waste or adequately audit spending .
An aerial view of the Pentagon building in Washington , June 15 , 2005 . Thomson Reuters However , lawmakers argue that the timing is wrong for another BRAC amid widespread public concern about defense and the threat of ISIS terrorists .
And they say that the last downsizing during the administration of Republican President George W. Bush in 2005 provided a cautionary note about the limits to savings that can be achieved by closing bases .
Mostly , House and Senate members do n't like base-closures because they are politically divisive - pitting one state against another - and they can lead to the loss of jobs and economic opportunity in their states that could become an issue during an election . Ayotte , for example , is facing a tough challenge next year from Democratic Gov . Maggie Hassan and ca n't afford to appear willing to risk a base closing in New Hampshire .
`` Congressmen do n't want bases closed in their districts , it 's as simple as that , '' said Gordon Adams , a professor emeritus at American University and an authority on defense spending and strategy . `` And that 's almost entirely what it is . The military brass would love to close bases ; they would love to get the savings from consolidating infrastructure for things that they really want . They know they have too much infrastructure . ''
However , the controversy is n't cut and dried . When the last BRAC was considered and approved in 2005 , the Pentagon estimated similar excess capacity to what it is claiming now , according to reports . Congress ultimately approved reducing military infrastructure by less than 3.5 percent , but at a cost of a startling $ 35 billion to achieve . The annual savings from that huge investment turned out to be roughly $ 4 billion .
Ever since then , opponents of more base closures cite the Bush administration 's costly experiment . Yet Adams said that the 2005 BRAC was different from earlier efforts because `` they did more realignment than they did closure . ''
`` What that means is taking forces from point A and grouping with them with forces at point B , consolidating bombers , consolidating fighter aircraft , '' they said . `` They did n't close very many bases . But they had to do a lot of spending to reconfigure bases so that they could receive the incoming material and people . ''
`` Members of Congress hide behind that cost to oppose any future base closure rounds , '' they added .
The great thing about watching cartoons when you 're adult is you can finally catch all the pop culture references you 'd never even think twice about as a kid . Well hold on to your brain juices because here are 10 examples that may just BLOW YOUR MIND .
1 . `` The Dude '' from The Big Lebowski featured in both Powerpuff Girls and Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends
Powerpuff Girls :
Source : Reddit
Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends ( with Walter and Donny ) :
Source : Imgur
2 . Throughout The Animaniacs , The Godfather 's Vito Corleone is re-imagined as a pigeon
Source : YouTube
3 . The show Arthur , starring a lovable aardvark and their animals friends , references the South Park pilot in which Cartman is abducted by aliens and given an anal probe .
Note the `` Hey , you squished Buster '' in lieu of `` Hey , you killed Kenny . ''
Source : spvisitors
4 . The 90 's movie Space Jam , starring Michael Jordan , gave a shout out to Quentin Tarantino 's Pulp Fiction during a face-off with alien rivals .
Source : YouTube
The Dick Dale and The Del Tones `` Misirlou '' background music really runs it home .
Source : ellisonblog
5 . Looney Tunes did a straight up parody of American classic Casablanca , aptly named `` Carrotblana ''
Source : YouTube
Source : YouTube
6 . Freakazoid gives a subtle shout out to the movie about eccentric cross-dressing director Ed Wood , title by the same name .
Source : YouTube
Source : YouTube
7 . The original Transformers series sneaks in a very discreet reference to Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
Source : YouTube
Megatron quotes the famous Percy Garris , Butch and Sundance 's boss when they briefly go straight .
Source : YouTube
8 . Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends titles an episode after epic war film Apocalypse Now .
Source : Wikia
9 . Sesame Street takes on Mad Men
Source : YouTube
Source : YouTube
10 . Pumba 's line `` They call me MISSTERR PIGGG `` in The Lion King references the classic film In the Heat of the Night
`` They call me MISTER pig ''
Source : YouTube
`` They call me MISTER Tibbs ''
Source : YouTube
Getty Images
Like Seattle star cornerback Richard Sherman recently told Skip Bayless , Seahawks owner Paul Allen once again can declare to their NFL colleagues , “ I 'm better at life than you . ”
Forbes has issued its annual list of worldwide billionaires . Not surprisingly , more than a few of them own NFL teams . The richest of all NFL owners , via SportsBusiness Daily , is Allen , at a whopping $ 15 billion .
A full 11 figures in the distance is Rams owner Stan Kroenke , at $ 5.0 billion . ( Coupled with wife Ann Walton Kroenke 's $ 4.5 billion , that 's a $ 9.5 billion power couple . )
The bronze is shared by Dolphins owner Stephen Ross and Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer , both of whom are listed at a net worth of $ 4.4 billion .
Next on the list is Jaguars owner Shahid Khan , at $ 2.9 billion . Giants co-owner Joan Tisch also has a net worth of $ 2.9 billion .
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones is worth $ 2.7 billion , followed by Patriots owner Robert Kraft ( $ 2.3 billion ) , Browns owner Jimmy Haslam III ( $ 1.8 billion ) , Texans owner Bob McNair ( $ 1.8 billion ) , Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti ( $ 1.8 billion ) , Falcons owner Arthur Blank ( $ 1.6 billion ) , Colts owner Jim Irsay ( $ 1.5 billion ) , Titans owner Bud Adams ( $ 1.2 billion ) , Saints owner Tom Benson ( $ 1.2 billion ) , 49ers co-owner Denise York ( $ 1.1 billion ) , Redskins owner Dan Snyder ( $ 1.0 billion ) , and Chargers owner Alex Spanos ( $ 1.0 billion ) .
That 's 19 teams owned by billionaires , with every team in the AFC South owned by a billionaire . Which means , excluding the publicly-owned Packers , 12 teams are owned by non-billionaires .
Which makes us wonder what those owners are doing with the money that owning an NFL team allows them to print .
I have been living with panic/anxiety attacks since I was 12 and I am now 29 , I know how one can just pop up out of no where , you do n't even have to be worrying about anything , I got one sitting in the line at the bank and I almost passed out ! They do get better though , I have not had one in almost 6 months which is a record for me , ( i use to get them 2-3 times a day ) . People who did n't understand use to think I was crazy but they just did n't understand ! I never really liked the medicine cause it made me feel all drugged , like I could n't function . I almost had to keep busy or I read my Bible or pray when I felt one coming on and it works ! ! ! ! Every now and then I feel one coming on and I go to my bathroom and close the door , ( its kinda my comfort place , where I feel safe . Do n't ask , ( I am not crazy , it just helps me calm down in quit without people looking at me like i am psycho ) . Anyway I go to the bathroom and put some cold water on my face and neck and sit down , most of the time it helps me calm down but not always . The fast heart beats and feeling like your going to burst out screaming or going to have a stroke is just part of it . And its very realistic . I have been to the ER so many times I know everyone there and they know why I am there as soon as they see me . ( lol , sad huh ? ) Anxiety and Panic attacks are VERY REAL and very Scary ! ! Just try to find a place where your comfortable and pay attention to your breathing because you can pass out , if your breathing is to fast , I sometimes feel like I cant breath and I put my face in the collar of my shirt and try to catch my breath , it helps me . I hope you dont get anymore , its not fun . It kept me inside my house/ from going anywhere that was not my `` comfort zone '' because I was affaid to have one . I am better at going around my town but as for leaving our city ..... It 's got to be a very good reason for me to leave because I know I will have one because I am out of my familiar areas . I am sorry this happened to you , and I hope you dont get anymore or can learn to controll them . GOD Bless ! !
na nah · 10 years ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
JERSEY CITY - A 22-year-old Kearny man has been arrested on charges they sexually assaulted a 15-year-old in Ridgewood earlier this month .
Brandon C. Ryan , of Devon Street , was arrested on Friday and after being processed they were remanded the Bergen County jail in Hackensack , according to a press release by the Bergen County Prosecutor 's Office .
The investigation began on July 16 after the Prosecutor 's Office and the Ridgewood Police Department received information that the teen girl had allegedly been sexually assaulted by Ryan the day before , the prosecutor 's office said .
Ryan was also charged with endangering the welfare of a child , the Prosecutor 's Office said .
Sexual assault is a second-degree crime and it carries a possible sentence of five to 10 years in prison upon conviction . Endangering the welfare of a child is a third degree crime carrying a possible sentence of three to five years .
The defendant was slated to make their first appearance on the charges yesterday in Bergen County Central Judicial Court at 1:30 p.m .
Droplets can serve as small compartments to spatially organize chemical reactions . The emergence of droplets requires phase separation into two coexisting liquid phases of different composition . Phase separation is driven by molecular interactions , where molecules with an affinity for each other lower their energy if they come closely together . A fluid can demix if the energy decrease associated with molecular interactions overcomes the effects of entropy increase by mixing19,20 . If those interactions are strong , a sharp interface separates the coexisting phases .
Droplets can become chemically active if the material of the droplet is produced and destroyed by chemical reactions . An example that resembles a simple protocell is shown schematically in Fig . 1a . The droplet is formed by a droplet material D that is generated inside the droplet from a high-energy precursor N , which plays the role of a nutrient . Droplet material can degrade into a lower energy component W that plays the role of a waste , which leaves the droplet by diffusion . The droplet can survive if N is continuously supplied and W is continuously removed . This can be achieved by recycling N using an external energy source such as a fuel or radiation .
Figure 1 : Division of chemically active droplets . a , Schematic representation of an active droplet as a simple model of a protocell . The droplet ( green ) consists of a droplet material D. Nutrients N of high chemical energy can diffuse into the droplet . Inside the droplet , N is transformed to D by chemical reactions . Droplet material D is degraded chemically into low-energy waste W that leaves the droplet . b , Simple model , with droplet material B and soluble component A . The system is driven by a chemical fuel C that is transformed to the reaction product C′ . c , Sequence of shapes of a dividing droplet at different times as indicated . The dynamic equations of a continuum model corresponding to the situation shown in b were solved numerically . The droplet shapes are shown as equal concentration contours ( black ) . Parameter values are ν − t 0 /Δc = 7 × 10−3 , ν + t 0 /Δc = 1.9 × 10−3 , and k ± t 0 = 10−2 , where t 0 is a characteristic time of the continuum model ( see Supplementary Information ) . Indicated times are given in units of 102 t 0 . Full size image
Inspired by Oparin21 , we discuss the physics of such active droplets using a simple model with only two components A and B ( see Fig . 1b ) . The droplet material B phase separates from the solvent . It can spontaneously be degraded by a chemical reaction into molecules of type A that are soluble in the background fluid and leave the droplet . The backward reaction A → B is not proceeding spontaneously because B is of higher energy than A . New droplet material B can be produced by the second reaction that is coupled to a fuel C. Here C′ is the low-energy reaction product of the fuel molecules . The chemical potential difference Δμ C = μ C − μ C′ > 0 provided by the fuel powers the production of high-energy B from low-energy A . The difference Δμ C can be maintained constant if the concentrations of C and C′ are set by an external reservoir . In this case , the system is kept away from a thermodynamic equilibrium ( see Fig . 2 and Methods ) .
Figure 2 : Reaction rates and energy supply . Schematic representation of the reaction cycle involving the two pathways ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . The differences of the chemical potentials μ determine the direction of the spontaneous reactions : coupling to the chemical fuel C with reaction product C′ drives reaction pathway ( 2 ) in the direction A → B outside the droplet . Inside the droplet , where the concentration of C is smaller , reaction pathway ( 1 ) in the direction B → A dominates . See Methods and the Supplementary Information for details . Full size image
The combination of phase separation and non-equilibrium chemical reactions can be studied in a continuum model15,16,17 ( see Supplementary Information ) . Using this model , we find that spherical droplets that are chemically active can undergo a shape instability and split into two smaller droplets , despite their surface tension ( see Fig . 1c and Supplementary Movie ) . A droplet first grows until it reaches its stationary size15 . Then , the droplet starts to elongate and forms a dumbbell shape . This dumbbell splits into two smaller droplets of equal size . The resulting smaller droplets grow again until a new division may occur , reminiscent of living cells .
To investigate the stability of spherical droplets , we study the droplet shape by an effective droplet model ( see Fig . 3 and Methods ) . Figure 4a shows the behaviour of the stationary droplet radius in this model as a function of the supersaturation ε . This supersaturation is the excess concentration of droplet material far from the droplet , generated by the chemical reaction ( 2 ) . For ε > 0 , material diffuses to the droplet and is incorporated . Figure 4a shows that for a given turnover ν − of droplet material inside the droplet ( see Methods ) , stationary droplets exist only for sufficiently large supersaturation . Beyond this threshold , droplets smaller than the critical radius ( Fig . 4a , black dotted lines ) shrink , while larger droplets grow toward the stationary radius ( Fig . 4a , black solid line ) 15 . At this stationary radius , the influx of B due to the supersaturation outside is balanced by the efflux of material A produced inside the droplet . Thus , a larger turnover leads to smaller droplets ( Fig . 4a ) .
Figure 3 : Reaction flux , concentration profile and diffusion flux in an effective droplet model . Shaded regions correspond to concentration ranges inside ( green ) and outside the droplet ( blue ) . a , Chemical reaction flux s as a function of concentration ( black ) . The linearized fluxes inside ( green ) and outside the droplet ( blue ) are indicated as dashed lines . b , Stationary concentration profile of the droplet material B ( black ) and stationary flux j = −D ± ∂ r c ( brown , axis on the right ) . The droplet radius , the equilibrium concentrations c ± ( 0 ) , and the concentration far from the droplet c ∞ are indicated . The corresponding supersaturation is defined as ε = ( c ∞ − c + ( 0 ) ) /Δc ( see Methods ) . Parameter values are : k ± τ 0 = 10−2 , c + ( 0 ) = 0 , β − = β + , D − = D + , ν 0 = 10−2Δc/τ 0 , ν − /ν 0 = 1.2 and ν + /ν 0 = 0.1 . Full size image
Figure 4 : Stationary droplet radii and stability diagrams . a , Stationary radii of active droplets . The droplet radius R of spherical droplets is shown as a function of supersaturation ε for different values of normalized turnover ν − /ν 0 = 0,1,3 ( from left to right ) . Radii of stable droplets are shown as solid black lines . Dotted lines indicate states where droplets are unstable with respect to size ( black ) or shape ( red ) . The results are obtained for the effective droplet model described in the Methods . Parameter values are : k ± τ 0 = 10−2 , c + ( 0 ) = 0 , β − = β + , D − = D + and ν 0 = 10−2Δc/τ 0 . Here , w = 6β + γ/Δc , and τ 0 = w2/D + are characteristic length and time scales . b , Stability diagram of active droplets as a function of supersaturation ε = ν + / ( k + Δc ) and turnover ν − of droplet material . Droplets either dissolve and disappear ( white region ) , are spherical and stable ( blue region ) , or undergo a shape instability and typically divide ( red region ) . The lines of instability are obtained for the droplet model described in the Methods for the same parameters as in a. c , The same stability diagram as in b but for the continuum model described in the Supplementary Information . The behaviour of droplets is indicated by symbols for different values of ν − and ε. Parameter values are k ± t 0 = 10−2 ( see Supplementary Information ) . The parameter values corresponding to Fig . 1c are indicated ( large red circle ) . Full size image
Droplet division occurs when a spherical droplet becomes unstable and elongates . We performed a linear stability analysis of spherical droplets at their stationary radius in the effective droplet model ( see Supplementary Methods ) . We find that for increasing supersaturation ε , a spherical droplet with surface tension undergoes a shape instability when its radius reaches a critical value R div that depends on the reaction rates and droplet parameters ( see Fig . 4a ) . Beyond the radius R div , the spherical shape is unstable and any small shape deformation triggers the elongation of the droplet shape along one axis .
The stability analysis of the effective droplet model can be represented in a state diagram ( see Fig . 4b ) . We find three different regions as a function of supersaturation ε and turnover of droplet material ν − . A region where droplets do not exist ( white ) , a region in which spherical droplets are stable ( blue ) , and a region in which spherical droplets are unstable ( red ) .
To study how the shape instability leads to droplet division , we investigated the droplet dynamics beyond the linearized analysis using the continuum model . This model can capture the topological changes of the droplet surface that occur during division . Numerical calculations of the continuum model ( see Supplementary Information ) confirm the results of the stability analysis . An example of droplet division is shown in Fig . 1c . The state diagram for the continuum model is shown in Fig . 4c . Comparing the state diagrams Fig . 4b and Fig . 4c reveals that both models exhibit qualitatively the same behaviours . Note that due to simplifications in the effective droplet model , the parameters are different in both models ( see Supplementary Information ) and the regions in both diagrams differ slightly . While Fig . 4b shows only where droplets become unstable ( red line ) , Fig . 4c reveals the behaviours of droplets in the unstable region . We find that droplets typically divide into two daughters ( red circles ) . However , for some parameter values they divide into three droplets ( red triangles ) . In a few cases , division was not seen during the time of calculations ( red squares ) . In these cases droplets elongated until they reached the size of the simulation box . It is unclear whether they would divide in a larger box .
Our numerical calculations also reveal that droplets typically undergo multiple divisions ( see Fig . 5a and Supplementary Movie ) . After a first division , the smaller daughters grow until they divide again when they reach the radius R div . Interestingly , the division axes are not independent of each other ( see Fig . 5a ) . In the absence of system boundaries , the division axes of both daughters are perpendicular to the first division axis ( see Fig . 5b ) . Similarly , when the four granddaughters divide , their division axes are perpendicular to both the division axes of the first and the second division . The division axes in subsequent droplet divisions are determined by droplet interactions via the concentration fields surrounding the droplets . The two growing daughter droplets effectively compete for droplet material , leading to the depletion of droplet material in the space between them . Therefore , diffusion fluxes and growth rates are larger along axes perpendicular to the previous division axis ( see Fig . 5c ) . This bias due to droplet interactions determines the division axes . In our numerical calculations , boundary conditions also influence the droplet divisions and slightly modify the division axes ( see Fig . 5a ) .
Figure 5 : Cycles of growth and divisions . a , Sequence of droplet divisions at different times as indicated in units of 102t 0 . Droplet configurations obtained from numerical solutions to the continuum model are represented as three-dimensional shapes . Parameter ν + t 0 /Δc = 2 × 10−3 . Remaining parameters are the same as in Fig . 1c . b , Schematic representation of the orientation of subsequent division axes . c , Droplet division is oriented along the axis for which diffusion fluxes ( green arrows ) are maximal . Full size image
Could such droplet division occur in experiments and what conditions are needed ? To address this question , we provide in Table 1 two examples of parameter sets for which droplets would divide . These parameters are chosen such that dividing droplets would have a diameter of several micrometres and the material in the droplet would turn over in about two minutes . In case I , the surface tension is chosen small , similar to surface tensions that can be found in colloidal droplets or protein liquid phases3 . The interfacial width in this case is of the order of ten nanometres . Case II describes droplets with a surface tension similar to that of oil/water interfaces with an interface thickness of about one nanometre . These examples show that small droplets that could be observable under the microscope could indeed undergo droplet division for plausible rates of chemical reactions and realistic interfacial tensions . However , as shown in Supplementary Information IV , droplet division for macroscopic droplets of millimetre or centimetre size will be difficult to achieve .
Wave power has been making inroads as a possible source of renewable energy , but has at least a couple of hurdles to overcome , according to researcher Andre Sharon : The cables needed to link the wave devices to the grid are costly – around $ 500,000 per kilometer – and building the devices to withstand the inevitable ravages of stormy seas can be expensive . These two issues vanish , however , under a scheme hatched by Sharon at the Fraunhofer Center for Manufacturing Innovation .
Ships , instead of permanently set buoys , are the key to the Mobile Wave Energy Harvesting plan . As detailed recently in New Scientist magazine , 50-meter-long ships would sail out to prime wave-energy spots , drop anchor , then put buoys – attached to the ships by pivoting arms – into the sea . Those same pivoting arms would be driven back and forth by the bobbing buoys , turning a generator and cranking out as much as one megawatt ( MW ) of electricity per ship .
But where does the energy go ? Well , the plan also turns the ships into giant energy storage devices , using unspecified batteries that could hold 20 megawatt-hours of power . Harvesting at full 1-MW power , that means it would take 20 hours to fully charge the battery .
Sharon presented their idea at the Clean Technology Conference in Boston last month . By their calculations , the Mobile Wave Energy Harvesting system would produce energy at a cost of $ 0.15 per kilowatt-hour ( kWh ) . For comparison , New Scientist noted that energy from current wave systems comes in at $ 0.30 and up ; offshore wind energy is between $ 0.15 to $ 0.24 per kWh ; and solar power costs around $ 0.30 per kWh .
Dustin Keller just spoke with the South Florida media and the most interesting things about their 10 minute chat follow :
That Jets versus Dolphins rivalry everyone of you pour over ?
`` Once we got to free agency all that was out the window , '' Keller said . `` I just wanted to check the market and see whre everything was . Coming into the Dolphins and speaking with all the coaches , it was a good fit . ''
Keller says they had interest from multiple teams but ultimately their choice narrowed to the New York Jets or the Miami Dolphins .
`` It was really between those two , '' they said . `` Other teams were talking but there really those two teams that came down to and once I made the visit it made my decision pretty easy . ''
Why ?
`` We had talked to New York as well but what it came down to was it was a better fit for me . I had a great time in New York but it was time to move on for me . I see my future here in Miami . I see a bright one . I feel like I 'm going to be surrounded by a great lockerroom and just great guys and coaches that are going to help me thrive . ''
I understand that you 'll read that quote and perhaps wonder why Keller is talking about a future in Miami when they only signed a one-year deal . Look , that deal gives Keller an opportunity to prove what they believe is their true value .
If they somehow find great chemistry with quarterback Ryan Tannehill and catches , say , 60 passes for 800 yards , the Dolphins will obviously want to keep them in the fold and could easily do that before they hit free agency .
Keller , being a competitor , is thinking that will be the case . He 's not meditating on the possibility he 'll get injured again or will simply be overshadowed in the Miami offense . He 's expecting big things .
Keller met with multiple coaches including position coach Dan Campbell , who they apparently have great respect for . They also met head coach Joe Philbin .
`` They 're all about winning and winning now , '' Keller said . `` I know they 've had some rebuilding years . But this is the time for them to win and that excited me more than anything . ''
The influenza A virus components of the live , attenuated influenza vaccine ( LAIV ) encode the HA and NA gene segments from a circulating virus strain and the remaining gene segments from the cold-adapted master donor virus , A/Ann Arbor/6/1960 ( H2N2 ) . The master donor virus imparts at least three phenotypes : temperature-sensitivity ( ts ) , attenuation ( att ) , and cold-adaption ( ca ) . The genetic loci responsible for the att and ts phenotypes of LAIV were mapped to PB1 , PB2 , and NP by reverse genetics experiments using immortalized cell lines . However , some in vivo studies have demonstrated that the M segment , which acquired an alanine ( Ala ) to serine ( Ser ) mutation at M2 position 86 during cold adaption - a mutation found in no other influenza A virus strain - contributes to the att phenotype . Prior studies have shown this region of the M2 cytoplasmic tail to be critical for influenza virus replication . Using reverse genetics , we demonstrate that certain amino acid substitutions at M2 positions 83 and 86 alter the replication of influenza A/Udorn/307/72 ( H3N2 ) . Importantly , substitution of a Ser at M2 position 86 reduces A/Udorn/307/72 replication in differentiated primary human nasal epithelial cell ( hNECs ) cultures , but does not considerably affect replication in MDCK cells . When a Ser was substituted for Ala at M2 86 in LAIV , the virus replicated to higher titers and with faster kinetics in hNEC cultures , implicating this amino acid change as contributing to LAIV attenuation . Increased replication also resulted in increased production of IFN-λ . These data indicate the LAIV associated Ser mutation at M2 position 86 contributes to the att phenotype and is associated with a differential regulation of interferon in LAIV infection .
Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved .
Millions of Australians just endured a sizzlingly hot summer , with three blistering heat waves enveloping much of southeastern Australia during January and February sending temperatures soaring as high as 48.2 degrees Celsius , or 118.7 degrees Fahrenheit .
New South Wales , located in southeastern Australia , had its warmest summer on record , with numerous temperature milestones shattered in Sydney , Brisbane and Canberra , among other locations .
Now a new quick-turnaround analysis from an international group of climate researchers found direct ties between global warming and this summer 's heat . In completing the study , the researchers utilized the computing power of hundreds of volunteers ' laptops and desktops worldwide , through a project known as weather @ home .
January 2017 saw the highest monthly mean temperatures on record for Sydney and Brisbane , and the highest daytime temperatures on record in Canberra , the study , produced by the world weather attribution program at Climate Central and other institutions , found .
Image : Climate central
In many areas of New South Wales , temperatures topped out at higher than 45 degrees Celsius , or 113 degrees Fahrenheit , during the heat 's peak on Feb. 11 and 12 .
The duration of the heat wave was particularly noteworthy , with Moree , New South Wales , enduring 52 straight days with temperatures exceeding 35 degrees Celsius , or 95 degrees Fahrenheit , which set a record .
The study found that the regional record hot summer `` can be linked directly to climate change . '' To reach this conclusion , researchers used methods that have been established in the peer reviewed scientific literature , such as by simulating the hot summer in the presence of planet-warming greenhouse gases and without them and comparing the likelihood of its occurrence .
Australia 's annually averaged temperature has warmed by around 1 degree Celsius , or 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit , since 1910 , according to the Bureau of Meteorology .
The team , including scientists at the University of Melbourne and University of New South Wales , also analyzed observational data , and both methods led to the conclusion that average summer temperatures like those seen in 2016-2017 are now 50 times more likely to occur than they were before global warming began .
Even worse , the study found that in the future , a summer a hot as this one is likely to happen once every five years , compared to once every 500 years prior to global warming .
Peak land surface temperature during Feb. 7 to 14 , 2017 . Image : nasa
`` Our results are certainly in line with what we have observed around the world in heat waves and their trends , '' said Andrew King , a climate extremes research fellow at the University of Melbourne , in an email . They said the results are `` also in line with what we would largely expect to see as the overall climate warms . ''
Although the analysis itself is not yet peer reviewed , King said its reliance on peer reviewed methods adds credibility to the conclusions .
`` By looking at multiple methods and regional to local scales we have confidence in our findings , '' they said . `` The methods we have used here are all peer-reviewed so we can be confident in the results . ''
In addition to the regional analysis , the researchers also investigated how the odds of such a hot summer has shifted on a local level for Sydney and Canberra specifically .
Here , their results were more mixed due to the greater uncertainties involved with looking at smaller geographical scales . In Canberra , the researchers found there has been a 50 percent increase in the likelihood of a three-day heat wave such as what occurred from Feb. 9 to 11 of this year .
However , the analysis found no clear human-induced trend in Sydney for such a short-term heat event , since the decades-long signal of global warming could n't be separated from natural climate variability there .
This conclusion should not come as a surprise , considering numerous climate reports from Australian research organizations and a growing body of research in scientific journals showing that as global average surface temperatures climb , the odds of extreme heat are rapidly increasing .
`` If anything , these attribution statements are conservative , which is how I prefer them , '' said Michael Wehner , a senior staff scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , who was not involved in this analysis . `` But the researchers have clearly found that the human increase in these measures of heat waves is profound . ''
A study Wehner published in December along with Daithi Stone and other colleagues tied climate change to deadly heat events in India and Pakistan in 2015 . Other studies published in the same month also found links between global warming and heat waves in Australia and China , among other locations .
`` The methods that they used to put numbers on the change in likelihood ... is well established and very similar to what we published recently on the deadly 2015 Indian and Pakistani heat waves , '' Wehner said .
Such post-event scientific sleuthing is known as climate attribution research , and climate experts are aiming to decrease the lag time between a headline-grabbing extreme event occurring , and the time when scientists can say what , if anything , global warming had to do with it .
In this way , it is hoped , people will learn more about how global warming is reshaping the weather extremes they are already experiencing , and provide valuable intelligence to everyone from insurance companies to local governments .
Michael Bay is set to produce the remake of Alfred Hitchcock 's beloved thriller , The Birds .
Are you on your knees on the ground , shaking your fists at the sky and bellowing out `` Why ? '' So are we—and we hope The Transformers director is n't going to make this one into an explosion-fest full of robotic birds that transform into cars .
Variety reported that Bay will be co-producing The Birds under their Platinum Dunes production company , which has made other great ( just kidding ) horror remakes such as A Nightmare on Elm Street , Friday the 13th , The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Amityville Horror . The film 's other co-producers include Mandalay Pictures and Bay 's partners at Platinum Dunes . It will be directed by Dutch filmmaker Diederik Van Rooijen .
The Birds ' release in 1963 followed the story of Melanie Daniels ( portrayed by Tippi Hedren ) , a San Franciscan socialite who makes their way to a sleepy NorCal town that goes under attack by a pretty frightening flock of birds . Variety reports that the premise for Bay 's remake is unknown at this point .
According to the Guardian , Naomi Watts is rumored to be eyeing the lead role played by Hedren . ( And it might not be so bad since we did enjoy their role in the American remake of Japanese horror film The Ring back in 2002 . )
The best part is how Hedren thinks a remake of The Birds is a horrible idea . They spoke to MTV ( via Cinema Blend ) about this back in 2007 when there was talk about a remake :
“ A couple of years ago , when they were first thinking about it , they called and asked what I thought about a remake of The Birds , and I thought ‘ Why would you do that ? Why ? ' I mean , ca n't we find new stories , new things to do ? ''
They added : “ Must you be so insecure that you have to take a film that 's a classic , and I think a success and try to do it over ? They tried to make Psycho over and it did n't work . ”
Hedren , folks , just keeping it real .
Reigning WorldSBK Champion Jonathan Rea was limited to only 42 laps at the Aragon test after the illness that caused their team problems at the Spanish circuit hit the Isle of Man resident hard yesterday .
Rea managed to challenge team-mate Tom Sykes - who was sick on Sunday - for top spot and was only 0.020s behind the Huddersfield rider after only ‘ doing what we needed to do ' . They ended with a 1'49.388s lap , just outside Chaz Davies ' outright lap record but on a race tyre .
“ We did not try a Q tyre today but used the SC0 because it was hotter than it was over race weekend . I do not feel any better than yesterday , to be honest I feel horrible . I tried to make a really good effort with the laps we did do , so we tested what we needed to test . Front suspension settings , and it brought some positives and some negatives . A work in progress really , ” said Rea .
“ Then we worked on testing some new front tyres for Pirelli which we expect to be coming to the next races , for some feedback . I was not up for doing too many laps today but my pace was good . I do n't think I even did one lap in the 1'51s . Our package is pretty good because if I want to go out and push for a lap time I can make it happen and if I want to do a long run I can make it happen , and be consistent . We are in a good position right now . ”
This process involves Der8auer 's new delidding kit , an Allen wrench ( looked like a 5mm wrench ) , and some force . Nothing difficult . The process is identical for both KBL-X and SKY-X , with the disclaimer that larger SKY-X CPU dies ( like 14-18C chips ) could pose some difficulties with extra capacitor density surrounding the CPU die . There 's much greater risk of damaging or destroying the 14C to 18C CPUs given this challenge , and although the 10C CPU was trivial , risk of damage is also present . SMD components sit close to the outer glue of the IHS , which means that delidding could potentially rip one of the SMDs off of the substrate . The SMDs on the sides of the CPU die are for memory channels , with the capacitor and RFID chip in the corner being less critical .
We ran into professional overclocker Der8auer at G.Skill 's Computex booth , who was keen to give us a hands-on delidding demonstration of a new 10C/20T Intel Skylake-X CPU . During the process , we also got our first real hands-on look at the CPU substrate and package – interesting in its own right – and underlying thermal compound choice . The lack of solder could have an explanation in chip longevity , something we 'll talk about a bit later .
Delidding the CPU reveals that the substrate is stacked vertically , split into two layers . The elevated part of the substrate hosts the CPU die , which is a bit smaller in our photos than the 14C-18C dies . The Intel CPUs with higher core count will leverage 22-core dies that have been cut down .
As for thermal solution , it 's thermal paste from Dow Corning , which is n't the best , but is reliable and will withstand hot/cold cycles without issue . The company 's reasoning for solder seems to be longevity , and they have a point , to some degree : Solder will struggle with rapid contraction and expansion of metals during extreme temperature swings , where thermal compound remains stoic and largely unaffected . That said , the concern of expansion/contraction of solder is largely relegated to smaller dies , which some of these new CPUs are not . Using thermal compound could be defensible , though thermal improvement is still tremendous when switching to soldered contact or liquid metal . And Intel has not been particularly good in the thermal department lately . Regardless , we 're not clear on how much water the longevity argument holds .
Der8auer 's delid kit -- currently in prototype phase .
There appears to be an RFID chip in the corner of the Intel i9-7900X that we looked at , which would lead us to believe that the chip is capable of storing user information . Der8auer 's theory is that this could be used to store user overclock data , e.g . maximum stable OC . Such a chip could also be used for RMA processes , theoretically .
View the video for a live delidding ; otherwise , this gives you one of the first looks at a delidded Skylake-X CPU , the i9-7900X .
Editorial : Steve Burke
Video : Keegan Gallick
It has been nearly three months since President Barack Obama spoke out in favor of Internet regulation , calling for “ net neutrality ” and a “ free and open Internet. ” In spite of the massive impact such regulations could have on Americans , the broadcast networks have given the issue short shrift .
Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) Tom Wheeler said on February 4 that they backed Obama 's plan to reclassify the Internet as a public utility under the government agency 's Title II authority . FCC commissioner Ajit Pai said in a press release on February 6 that the plan `` marks a monumental shift toward government control of the Internet . '' Even a liberal think tank predicted that these regulations could cost American households $ 156 in new fees .
Despite its importance , the broadcast news networks ' morning and evening shows dedicated only three minutes , 38 seconds of coverage to these potential regulations over the Internet since Obama 's announcement November 10 , 2014 through February 8 , 2015 . Moreover , none of the stories included any critics of the plan . By way of contrast , the networks spent 67 minutes , 49 seconds covering the `` Deflategate '' scandal during less than one week in January , nearly 19 times more than net neutrality over a period of almost three months .
Phil Kerpen , President of American Commitment , told MRC Business , `` There has been almost no coverage of the president strong-arming what is supposed to be an independent agency , or the highly questionable policy they have proposed that would reverse the past two decades of Internet policy and install a heavy-handed regulate-and-tax alternative . ''
When they did cover the issue , the networks were almost entirely uncritical in their reporting . On November 11 , CBS 's `` This Morning '' co-host Gayle King echoed the White House 's talking points , saying that Obama wanted the FCC `` to adopt tough rules to protect a free and open internet . ''
Gayle said that `` broadband service providers want to charge higher fees '' for Internet access , which could `` result in the blocking or slowing down of content for some . '' Yet , they failed to explain how the president 's proposal would improve this situation or describe the plan 's potential costs .
ABC News only mentioned the proposed regulations once during a segment on `` World News '' January 20 . While previewing the State of the Union address , chief White House correspondent Jonathan Karl vaguely referenced that Obama wanted to expand `` faster , cheaper Internet access '' for the `` middle class . ''
Segments on the other networks also brought up the proposal only in passing . On `` Nightly News '' December 19 , 2014 , NBC 's senior White House correspondent Chris Jansing highlighted `` immigration , climate change and internet regulations '' as policies on which Obama was `` pushing the limits of their executive authority '' and `` defying newly empowered Republicans . '' Jansing did not say how or why Republicans disagreed with the president on any of these policies .
The only instance when the networks actually explained opposition to Obama 's plan occurred during a news brief on `` Nightly News '' November 10 , 2014 . Anchor Brian Williams said , `` Many Republicans said publicly today if the president has their way , it would hurt innovation and job growth . '' Williams did not expand on this statement .
Although the networks avoided airing dissenting opinions , critics have long said that giving the FCC greater control over the Internet could have severe impacts on freedom of speech and the economy . Former FCC commissioner Robert M. McDowell said that `` FCC 'oversight of the political process ' through more Internet regulations sounds eerily like political speech controls , '' in an op-ed for The Washington Post on July 14 , 2014 .
The liberal Progressive Policy Institute ( PPI ) predicted that households could pay an additional $ 156 in fees to federal , state , and local governments if regulators reclassified the internet as a public utility in a report released December , 2014 . Revenue from these fees would total $ 15 billion per year , according to PPI .
Reclassifying the internet as a public utility to achieve net neutrality might also negatively impact broadband Internet service providers ( ISPs ) . This move `` could put as many as 174,000 broadband related jobs at risk by the end of this decade , '' according to the conservative think tank American Action Forum .
The regulation could reduce investments in ISPs by $ 45.4 billion by 2019 , according to a report by the economic consulting firm Sonecon . The report was co-authored by Sonecon chairperson Dr. Robert J. Shapiro , who said they were an economic advisor to every Democratic candidate since President Bill Clinton , including Obama .
In addition to negative impacts of the plan on the economy and society , FCC commissioner Ajit Pai criticized the agency 's lack of transparency . Wheeler circulated the administration 's 332-page plan to members of the commission , but Pai said in their press release that they were `` disappointed that the plan will not be released publicly . '' They argued that the `` FCC should be as open and transparent as the Internet itself and post the entire document on its website . ''
Pai tweeted a picture of the plan on January 6 , writing that `` I wish the public could see what 's inside . ''
Last year , Pai called out the FCC for undertaking the controversial Critical Information Needs ( CIN ) study . They warned in a Wall Street Journal op-ed on February 10 , 2014 , that through this study , the FCC had `` proposed an initiative to thrust the federal government into newsrooms across the country . '' Although the FCC ultimately killed CIN , Pai drew a parallel with `` the FCC 's now-defunct Fairness Doctrine , which began in 1949 and required equal time for contrasting viewpoints on controversial issues . ''
As they did with the current proposed Internet regulations , the networks ignored the FCC 's threat to investigate television and radio newsrooms across the country .
Methodology : MRC Business examined the stories during morning and evening shows on ABC , CBS , and NBC from November 10 , 2014 , through February 8 , 2015 that mentioned “ Internet ” and “ Obama , ” “ Federal Communications Commission , ” or “ FCC. ” The time spent discussing President Obama 's proposal in the ten resulting stories was three minutes , 38 seconds .
The Orioles were expected to announce the signing today of closer Grant Balfour to a two-year contract , but an issue has arisen concerning their physical , according to multiple industry sources .
Balfour agreed Tuesday to a two-year , $ 15 million contract that included $ 500,000 deferred over each of the next two seasons , and the Orioles were expected to introduce them Friday morning at a press conference at Camden Yards . However , there 's been an undisclosed glitch related to their physical and the deal is in serious jeopardy .
The results of the physical have come back to the Orioles . The failure to announce their signing is n't due to any sort of delay .
A source said there are some issues that “ need to be resolved. ” Executive vice president Dan Duquette could n't be reached for comment , but he 's expected to address them on Friday .
Update : The issue at least partly involves Balfour 's right shoulder , according to a source . Something was revealed on the X-rays that must have raised concerns . But is there more to the story ? Stay tuned .
Balfour , who turns 36 later this month , was supposed to replace Jim Johnson as the club 's ninth-inning specialist . The Orioles traded Johnson to the Athletics on Dec. 2 for infielder Jemile Weeks and a player to be named , who turned out to be catcher David Freitas , a former Nationals prospect .
John Axford 's one-year , $ 4.5 million deal with the Indians became official earlier today , and they seemed to be the club 's second choice behind Balfour . Joaquin Benoit , another closer who interested the Orioles , agreed to a two-year , $ 15.5 million deal with the Padres .
Fernando Rodney and Chris Perez remain on the market if the Orioles do n't sign Balfour . They 've checked the medical records of former Red Sox relievers Joel Hanrahan and Andrew Bailey , who wo n't be ready on opening day while recovering from their respective surgeries .
The Phillies are shopping Jonathan Papelbon , who 's entering the third year of their four-year , $ 50 millioin contract . Duquette told reporters that they did n't speak to them at the Winter Meetings .
Balfour reportedly had a higher-paying offer from another club before agreeing to terms with the Orioles , believed to be two years with a vesting option . The Orioles considered including a vesting option in their proposal , but got a deal done without one .
Now , it 's not likely to become official unless there 's a major shift over the next 24 hours .
Balfour has converted 62 of 67 save opportunities over the past two seasons . He 's posted ERAs of 2.28 , 2.47 , 2.53 and 2.59 over the last four seasons .
Balfour registered 38 saves for the Athletics this year and allowed 48 hits , walked 27 and struck out 72 in 62 2/3 innings .
Back in December 1998 , the Orioles agreed to terms with reliever Xavier Hernandez on a two-year , $ 2.5 million contract , but the right-hander 's physical revealed a torn rotator cuff and the deal was voided .
The Orioles reached agreement with starter Aaron Sele on a four-year , $ 29 million prior to the 2000 season , but the deal fell apart due to concerns over the results of their physical . Sele signed a two-year , $ 15 million contract with the Mariners .
It began innocently enough . In June , published a sampling from an exhibit by the photographer Kai Schaefer , in which classic LPs of different eras were partnered with the similarly classic record players on which they might have been played : on a Dual 1219 , on a Rek-O-Kut Rondine , on a Thorens TD 124you get the idea . The photos worked as cultural documents , as good-natured kitsch , as surprisingly beautiful and compelling industrial art . I was thoroughly charmed .
Schaefer 's own website , www.worldrecords.me , has as its epigraph a quote from the writer Jean Paul : `` Memory is the only paradise from which we can not be driven . '' Resoundingly truenonetheless , some nitwit on Slate tried their damnedest . In yet the billionteenth example of the questionable value of inane online fora , someone calling themselves Tinwoman offered this sage observation :
I had an ex who was an audiophile . They do not listen to music , they listen to their equipment . They are congenitally incapable of even enjoying music , because they are too focused on imperfections perceived and real . Also audiophiles are snobs . Avoid them . ( footnote 1 )
Nonsense , of course . Sexually tinged nonsense at thatwhich is no less reprehensible than racially tinged nonsense , irrespective of the gender of the target . Yet apart from reminding us that `` congenitally '' deserves a place of honor on The Inigo Montoya List of Commonly Misused Words , Tinwoman 's hissy raises a single worthwhile question :
Are audiophiles snobs ?
If by snob one means that I condescend to people who neither share my enthusiasm for recorded music nor are able to afford my level of participation in the hobby , then my own answer is clearly No : I do n't have it in me to look down on others for such reasons . The thing is , neither do the overwhelming majority of audiophiles whom I 've met over the yearseven the ones who are , in other respects , complete idiots . In fact , after decades in this field , I still think the notion of the audiophile who condescends to those who do n't own five-figure phono cartridges and coffin-sized speakers is largely a construct of the insecure and the envious . The only condescension I see in this hobby is the sort that 's aimed by audiophiles of one camp at audiophiles of anothera childishness that reached its apotheosis in The Flat Response , a wretched fanboy mag of the 1980s in which people who sold gear that was n't made by Linn or Naim were mocked in a series of amateurish cartoons .
If , however , the qualification is the dual belief that there exists a subject in which I 'm more knowledgeable than the average person , and that the depth of my knowledge and experience adds to my understanding and enjoyment of an important endeavor , then the answer is Yes : I am , unapologetically , a snob . I own thousands of LPs and a nice playback system ; many of those records and much of that gear have entertained and enlightened my family , my friends , and meand will , I hope and presume , continue to do so after I have passed away . And that 's a good thing . Moreover , my record collection will never be `` done . '' It will continue to grow and to change and , I hope , to improve , in the sense that it will offer even more enjoyment and more points of view on the art of music . Concomitantly , perhaps my system will continue to change , at least for a little while longer . Nothing wrong with that , either .
The world is full of people whose appreciation for music does n't run terribly deep , and one ca n't deny that audiophiles account for some of their numberespecially those hobbyists whose attention is focused on such things as spatial effects , and whose record collections are n't really collections at all but merely accumulations of technically well-made recordings , most purchased on the recommendation of whatever guru `` discovered '' them . I think a bottle-cap collection has more artistic value than a wall full of records that are all on audiophile labels , but that 's just me .
That said , I believe that far , far more of the world 's most superficial listenerspeople for whom music is merely a pleasant background for shopping , driving , jogging , dancing , eating , and , most insultingly of all , talkingcome from outside the ranks of audiophiles .
Lately , through estate sales , auctions , personal gifts , and the like , I 've had a number of opportunities to acquire music recordings from the recently deceasedand the audiophile still comes out on top . Every time I 've been invited into the home of a departed collector who owned a thousand or more classical or jazz records , I have been struck by the high quality of the decedent 's playback gear : at the least , Acoustic Research AR3 loudspeakers and Philips GA-212 turntablesfar from the curbside junk some of our comrades think everyone should haveand quite often such things as Thorens TD 124 turntables and Marantz Model 7 preamplifiers . Most serious record enthusiasts care about their playback gear .
Hate me for condescending to audiophiles who , when asked what they enjoy listening to , reply , `` female vocals . '' Hate me for condescending to audiophiles who declare that every new tweak they try adds `` a half an octave of bass . '' Hate me for condescending to audiophiles who do n't appear to know how to dress themselves , and who wander the halls of audio shows in soup-stained fleur-de-lis polo shirts . Hell , hate me for condescending to audiophiles who hate . But ask me to hate audiophiles who keep alive the very notion of serious listening ? You 've come to the wrong guy .
Footnote 1 : One imagines Tinwoman 's lucky ex as a character in some gender-inverted slasher film , taking a call from the police and being told ,
The witch-hunt of Britain 's Guardian newspaper
22 October 2013
The campaign of vilification and intimidation against the Guardian newspaper for publishing the disclosures of former National Security Agency ( NSA ) contractor Edward Snowden is without precedent in a supposedly democratic country .
Raids on newspaper offices , the forced destruction of computer drives and threats to arrest journalists are actions more commonly associated with military dictatorships . But this is exactly what has been meted out against the Guardian , with threats of worse to come .
On Tuesday , a parliamentary debate is scheduled , instigated by Conservative backbencher Julian Smith , on whether the newspaper is guilty of treason for reporting the illegal surveillance programmes operated by the NSA and Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) . Smith has already written to the Metropolitan Police calling for the Guardian to be prosecuted under the Official Secrets Act and the Terrorism Act 2000 .
Earlier , Prime Minister David Cameron , on whose authority the Guardian was instructed in July to destroy its computer files containing documents from Snowden , demanded a parliamentary inquiry into the newspaper—a call supported by Deputy Prime Minister and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg .
Immediately , the opposition Labour Party 's Keith Vaz agreed that the Home Affairs Committee , which they chair , would undertake such an investigation .
The Guardian 's disclosures will also fall under the remit of Parliament 's Intelligence and Security Committee ( ISC ) , reinforcing claims that the newspaper 's reports threatened national security . Hazel Blears , Labour 's representative on the ISC , said that while they could not confirm that it would reach a formal conclusion as to whether the Guardian had “ endangered national security ” , the ISC would “ be taken where the evidence takes us . ”
These moves constitute a major escalation of the witch-hunt against the newspaper , which began in August with the detention at Heathrow Airport of David Miranda , the partner of Snowden collaborator and then-Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald .
This escalation has been green-lighted by the intelligence agencies themselves . It was the speech by new MI5 boss Sir Andrew Parker at the start of this month that first insinuated the newspaper had assisted terrorists by making public Snowden 's revelations .
The anti-democratic implications of this assault are far reaching . Long considered the respectable mouthpiece of British liberalism , the Guardian is being persecuted for doing no more than a newspaper is meant to—disclosing information . For the powers-that-be , such disclosures , insofar as they concern the illegal activities of the state , constitute treasonable actions .
The targeting of the Guardian takes place against the backdrop of the establishment parties seeking to impose statutory press control in Britain for the first time in 300 years . Their plans amount to official state censorship , particularly of the Internet . As the moves against the Guardian make clear , this will be backed up by the threat of prosecution and imprisonment .
What makes these events even more extraordinary is that not only is the Guardian virtually isolated within the political establishment , but some of its most vicious opponents come from the media itself .
This is by no means confined to publications associated with the Conservative Party . Chris Blackhurst , former editor of the misnamed Independent newspaper and currently its contents editor , stated in a recent op-ed piece that Snowden 's revelations “ may be dangerous ” . They added , “ I would not have published them . ”
“ If MI5 warns that this is not in the public interest , who am I to disbelieve them ? ” the journalist declared .
Blackhurst 's obsequious piece indicates the social impulses involved in the Guardian 's isolation . In their youth , they stated , they had been “ transfixed ” by state abuses and responded as a young journalist “ excitedly ” to injustices . Now they could no longer get “ wound up . ”
Their remarks underscore the degree to which the media consciously regards itself as an arm of the state . What happened in between Blackhurst 's youth and now can not be measured solely in years . More important is the lucrative career , social comfort and privileges they have acquired , rendering them only too willing to cover over the state 's abuses . Can there be any doubt that , transported back to Germany in the 1930s , Blackhurst would have few moral or political qualms working directly or indirectly for Goebbels ' propaganda ministry ?
The absence of any concern for civil liberties within the ruling elite is the outcome of the decay of democratic norms over a protracted period of time .
This process has accelerated since the economic crash of 2008 and the further growth of social inequality that has followed . It is not accidental that the witch-hunt against the Guardian unfolds amidst growing signs of popular opposition to the government 's policies of austerity and war . It comes only weeks after the parliamentary defeat of the government 's resolution for war against Syria and coincides with a series of strikes and protests against the gutting of jobs , welfare and social spending .
The activities of Britain 's spy agency have little to do with a fight against terrorism , as sparsely reported documents released by Snowden to Germany 's Der Spiegel indicate . These accuse GCHQ of a massive cyber-attack on Belgium 's partially state-run telecommunications company Belgacom , whose clients include the European Parliament .
That the assault was codenamed “ Operation Socialist ” confirms the more fundamental purpose of GCHQ 's activities—the control and suppression of the domestic populace . Ultimately , the mass impoverishment determined upon by the ruling elite can be implemented only through dictatorial means .
The Socialist Equality Party unconditionally defends the Guardian and its right to publish free from state interference . But we insist that the defence of press freedoms , free speech and democratic rights can not be entrusted to any section of the bourgeoisie . This can be taken forward only by a mass movement of the working class in a struggle against the profit system and its political defenders .
Julie Hyland
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
One of three people in custody in connection with the videotaped assault of a man on board a DART train said Monday that they do n't feel `` any kind of sorry about it '' because they were only protecting their family .
`` It 's my brother , my family . I 'm here to protect them and that 's what I 'm going to do and I feel like I did what I was supposed to do as a brother , '' said Remon Hendrix , 23 .
Hendrix and their 21-year-old brother , Jakobi , were both arrested last week on assault charges after the beating involving the two and several others , was caught on DART surveillance footage and cellphone video . The video -- including images showing some of the suspects hitting the victim with a skateboard -- had been viewed nearly 200,000 times by Monday afternoon .
Click here to read more from our partners at The Dallas Morning News .
Jakobi Hendrix gave an interview to NBC 5 last Friday where they apologized for their role in the attack and said if he 'd known how the fight started they would have pulled their brother off of the victim .
Man Arrested in DART Assault Gives Jailhouse Interview
A man arrested in connection with a mob of people who attacked a DART passenger Sunday spoke from the Dallas County Courthouse on Friday . Jakobi Hendrix , 21 , said they jumped into the fight to protect their brother and was upset days later when they learned how the fight started . ( Published Friday , Aug. 4 , 2017 )
On Monday , DART police announced a third arrest in the case -- an unnamed juvenile with distinctive red hair seen in a video published on social media .
Get the biggest FC Barcelona stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Everton manager Ronald Koeman has backed Romelu Lukaku to play for Barcelona - insisting they wo n't have fulfilled their potential if they see out their career on Merseyside .
The Belgian looked set to leave Goodison Park in the summer but Everton 's hefty price tag was met as the striker stayed put following Koeman 's arrival .
Lukaku has enjoyed an excellent start to the season , scoring seven times in 10 Premier League appearances .
And while the Everton boss hopes their star man will stick around , they admit long-term Lukaku should be aiming for bigger and better things .
`` Lukaku has the potential to become an amazing striker . They are still only 23 years old and is only getting better , '' Koeman told HLN .
( Image : Everton FC via Getty )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
`` Everton should normally not be the end for him . Romelu will not have made the most of their career if they play for Everton for the remainder of their career .
`` He has the potential to play for a bigger club than Everton .
`` But nobody knows what will happen after this season . We have a good relationship . I gave them confidence and they have themselves recognised that it was good for their development to play another year at Everton .
( Image : Sunderland AFC via Getty )
Koeman went on to liken the 23-year-old to Barcelona legend Patrick Kluivert , who achieved great things at the Nou Camp .
`` I think their finishing is very good . They keep their calm and is one of the best I have ever seen - both as a player and as a coach - when it comes to making that final decision in front of goal .
( Image : Getty )
`` His attacking movement is great . I think they can still contribute more defensively .
`` I think they can emulate Patrick Kluivert , who also rose to prominence at a young age and enjoyed a fantastic career .
`` He eventually played for Barcelona and I can see Lukaku doing the same . ''
Recent polling by Angus-Reid shows that a majority of Americans favor the legalization of marijuana . Moreover , a SurveyUSA poll in California indicates that 74 % of people between the ages of 18-34 favor legalization . Young voters historically turn out in low numbers in midterm elections , so you would think that our elected officials might think twice before indulging in Diane Feinstein 's “ reefer madness ” hysteria .
So where have members of the House come down on marijuana bills in the past ?
H.R . 3093 : The 2007 amendment sponsored by Maurice Hinchey ( D-NY ) and Dana Rohrabacher ( R-CA ) would have cut off funding for the DEA to prevent states from implementing medical marijuana laws . It failed , with a vote of 262-155 though 15 Republicans voted “ aye. ” Peter Geither at DrugWarRant liveblogged the debate in the House . In 2004 , the amendment failed 268-148 ( liveblog ) , and in 2003 the vote was 273-252 .
H.R . 2943 and H.R . 5843 : Sponsored by Barney Frank , H.R . 2943 ( 2009 ) and H.R . 5843 would have limited the federal government 's ability to arrest and prosecute people for the personal use of marijuana . Neither amendment came up for a vote , but cosponsors are listed .
The 10th Amendment Caucus : Conservative Republicans in the House recently formed a 10th Amendment Caucus , to uphold the principle that “ the federal government should not interfere in matters that are fully within the purview of the states. ” Theoretically , they should support the right of states to determine their own policy on medical marijuana . With no small amount of irony , caucus member Jason Chaffetz recently introduced a bill to overturn Washington DC 's new medical marijuana law . It may be that caucus exists for little more than demagoguing pet issues . One has to wonder if Chaffetz has even read the 10th Amendment .
Finally , Ryan Grim of the Huffington Post contacted members of Congress to ask where they stood on Prop 19 , the California ballot initiative which would legalize marijuana for personal use . Their comments are illuminating , if only for their extreme timidity .
If you have links that indicate where your Senator or member of Congress stands with regard to marijuana , leave it in the comments . Better yet , give them a call and ask… .
As the U.S. Supreme Court considers taking up a case about transgender student rights , many schools are asking questions about how to address the unique concerns posed by students who publicly transition between gender identities .
The question of schools ' legal obligations to transgender students has been the subject of sharp debate in recent months , and nearly half of all states are now in lawsuits with the Obama administration over the issue .
While much of the public focus has been on the bathrooms and locker rooms transgender students are allowed to use , the students themselves say belonging at school after a gender transition involves a much broader array of issues , such as having teachers and peers change the pronouns and names they use , and acceptance of new dress and hairstyles .
`` Being trans is about so , so much more than the bathroom issue , '' Kentucky student Maddie Dalton told our Education Week team when we profiled them in a piece for PBS Newshour earlier this year .
While some schools are awaiting further legal clarity before they change their policies , some have alrady done so .
Dalton 's high school in Louisville worked with them to adjust its policies when they began identifying as female . Because Dalton , their teacher , and their principal all had such interesting personal insights on the experience , we 've compiled this interactive collection of bonus videos that may help educators and administrators understand the transgender-student experience . They include Dalton 's thoughts on their own transition , insights from a teacher who leads their schools Gay-Straight Alliance , an explanation from their principal of the school 's policy changes , and our original PBS Newshour piece .
If you 'd like separate , shareable video links , you can access them here :
Related reading on transgender students :
Follow @ evieblad on Twitter or subscribe to Rules for Engagement to get blog posts delivered directly to your inbox .
As police attack refinery strikers
French Senate votes pension cuts over mass opposition
By Alex Lantier
23 October 2010
The French Senate voted 177-153 yesterday to approve President Nicolas Sarkozy 's pension cuts in the face of overwhelming popular opposition and continuing strikes . The government at the same time stepped up the use of the police to smash strikes in the oil sector , which have caused severe fuel shortages , carrying out a massive police raid on an occupied refinery at Grandpuits , near Paris .
Police vans arrived at Grandpuits at 3 a.m. yesterday and demanded to “ requisition ” strikers—that is , force them back to work . At 4:30 a.m. , 50 striking workers joined their colleagues at the refinery .
By around 7 a.m. , a “ citizen 's picket ” of 80 people , including workers from other factories and nearby residents , had formed to block the requisition . At 9 a.m. , police charged the site . Three workers were wounded in the scuffle , according to CGT union sources .
Michel Guillot , the regional police chief for the Seine-et-Marne area , came in person to requisition the entire staff of the refinery and , in the name of “ national defense , ” force workers to re-supply oil firm Total 's gas stations in the area .
Charles Foulard , an official of the Total oil section of the General Confederation of Labor ( CGT ) , denounced police for preventing “ the exercise of the constitutionally protected right to strike ” and pointed out that “ national defense ” did not legally apply , as France is neither in a state of war nor of siege . However , the CGT , which is politically linked to the French Communist Party ( PCF ) , issued a statement declaring it would mount only “ symbolic actions ” against the breaking of the Grandpuits occupation .
Olivier Besancenot , spokesperson for the New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) , issued a brief statement , saying , “ To defend striking workers and the right to strike , I propose to all the leading officials of political parties , of political associations , and of unions to react together against this indefensible aggression against the laboring people and their rights . ”
This is a cynical ploy . The CGT , the Socialist Party ( PS ) and the other organizations have made it clear that they will not mount any serious response to the police repression . Besancenot 's statement is in keeping with the NPA 's role in promoting illusions in the CGT and the PS and the politically disorienting notion that protest action by itself will be sufficient to shift the Sarkozy government and the ruling class as a whole .
Sarkozy brought debate on the bill to a close by using the power granted to the government under Article 44 , part 3 of the Constitution , which allows the government to bypass the amendment process and force a reading of a bill in the Senate , followed by a vote . Dozens of police vans ringed the Senate while it voted .
The ruling conservative UMP ( Union for a Popular Movement ) and the Centrist Union , a Senate faction controlled by the right-wing MoDem ( Democratic Movement ) of François Bayrou , voted for the bill . Senators from the bourgeois “ left ” Socialist Party and the French Communist Party voted against .
A Mixed Parity Commission ( CMP ) composed of seven senators and seven deputies from the National Assembly will now work to reconcile the bill voted today with the version passed by the National Assembly in September . Once the CMP finishes its work , final votes will take place in both houses of parliament . This is expected on October 27 .
As voted by the Senate , the law increases the minimum retirement age to 62 and the minimum age to receive a full pension to 67 . It increases the minimum pay-in period from 40.5 to 41 years , with further increases allowed if life expectancy continues to increase .
The bill increases the contribution by public sector workers from 7.85 to 10.55 percent of pay , the level now in force in the private sector . It allows workers with a “ physical incapacitation rate ” of 20 percent or more to retire , but only at 60 and only if a worker can prove that the incapacitation was work-related .
In a concession to free-market demands from the Centrist Union , UMP senators added a provision to consider a “ points ” retirement system in 2013 . Under such a plan , the government would be allowed to decide the value of each point a worker earned during their working life , decreasing the value of points and hence workers ' pensions if life expectancy increased . This would allow the government to impose sweeping cuts in benefits by executive fiat .
PS Secretary Martine Aubry criticized the government 's actions as “ permanent rule by force , ” describing Sarkozy as “ holding the Senate and democracy in contempt . ”
In fact , this description applies no less to the PS than to Sarkozy . While it has campaigned to formally leave the retirement age at 60 , the PS supports “ reform ” provisions that would in practice force people to work longer before retiring with benefits .
Aubry declared last week on France2 television that they supported increasing the pay-in period to 41.5 or 42 years , and the PS voted for provisions in the current bill to increase the pay-in period . When PS spokesperson Benoît Hamon said they “ would prefer ” a situation where workers paid into national pension plans for only 40 years , this led to bitter recriminations inside the PS .
Speaking to France Inter , Manuel Valls , a leading figure in the Socialist Party , denounced the party leadership for making any criticisms of Sarkozy 's pension bill . They called the increased pay-in period “ inevitable ” and said , “ There is a language on the left that consists in believing that being of the left is just a question of slogans , ideas of the 1970s , 1980s , or 1990s. ” They added , “ If we win in 2012 , it must be with the language of truth . ”
The government is desperate to bring the oil strikes to a close . Ecology and Energy Minister Jean-Louis Borloo said yesterday that roughly 2,500 of France 's 12,300 gas stations are completely out of fuel . They admitted that there would be only “ slow improvement. ” However , the police raid on Grandpuits would “ noticeably improve the situation ” in the Paris metropolitan area , they said , and ruled out rationing of gasoline .
The French ruling class is mobilizing support from around Europe . Jean-Louis Schilansky of the UFIP ( French Union of Petroleum Industries ) said that “ large quantities of fuel ” had “ been imported to deal with the closure of the refineries. ” They added , “ Imports have come from all over Europe . It 's the entire European system we are mobilizing to resupply the French market . ”
In a further attack on the oil sector yesterday , a judge approved oil firm Total 's plan to shut down its Dunkirk refinery .
The Senate vote and the police attacks on strikers provide further proof that , in mounting mass strikes against Sarkozy 's cuts , workers and students face a political struggle against the government and the entire ruling class . This struggle can be successful only if it is waged independently of the unions and the so-called “ left ” parties . The former are working to weaken and close down the strike movement and the latter are principally concerned with preventing the strikes and protests from escaping the unions ' control .
The unions have signaled their desire to wind down the movement by taking no action to defend oil workers from police attack or respond to such attacks by extending strike action to other sectors of the economy . Their central demand all along has been for the government to negotiate the terms of the pension cuts with them , rather than a clear and principled rejection of the cuts .
There can be little doubt that Sarkozy has had back-door consultations with the union leaders , including the head of the CGT , Bernard Thibault , and that the union tops have given assurances that they will not respond to an intensification of police attacks on striking oil workers .
The unions have emerged as the critical line of defense of Sarkozy and the French ruling elite , under conditions where workers are striving to extend the struggle in the direction of a general strike , thousands of high school and university students are mobilizing behind them , the general public is solidly behind the strikes , and Sarkozy is hated and despised by a large majority of the French people .
A BVA-Canal+ poll published yesterday indicated that 69 percent of the population supports continuing strike action against the cuts , despite the Senate vote . Previous polls indicated that six in ten supported calls for a general strike against Sarkozy 's policies . In recent weeks , demonstrations against the cuts have repeatedly mobilized over 3 million protestors , and high school and university students have blockaded their institutions in protest .
But by declaring Thursday that it would wait until October 28 ( the day after the final vote on the bill ) before mounting its next action , the all-trade-union alliance has given a green light for the government to go on the offensive against strikers . Sarkozy will seek to break up strikes while they count on next week 's All-Saints Week vacation to deflate the student protests .
These events underscore the political significance of the World Socialist Web Site 's call for workers to form committees of action , independent of the unions and the “ left ” parties . These committees , as genuinely democratic organs of struggle , would lead the fight for a general strike with the goal of removing the Sarkozy government and replacing it with a workers ' government .
This perspective of the independent mass industrial and political action of the working class is diametrically opposed to that of the Stalinist PCF and the middle-class pseudo-left organizations , such as the NPA , which seek to derail the resistance of the working class and channel it behind the election in 2012 of yet another reactionary Socialist Party government .
The most critical aspect of the situation is the absence of independent political leadership in the working class . Tens of millions of workers want to respond to scenes of police violence against strikers with a general strike , and oppose a vicious law voted by the parliament in defiance of the popular will . The task of building committees of action and a revolutionary leadership in the working class is now central to defeating the attack on the living standards and democratic rights of the working class .
The author also recommends :
Workers face a struggle for power in France
[ 22 October 2010 ]
Share
We had to figure it was only a matter of time before some other exciting ideas rolled out of the kind of technology that drives Google Glass .
When it comes to wheels , it look likes one of the first will fall in the hands of motorcyclists .
According to a CNET report , a Moscow-based company called LiveMap , is developing a new helmet for bikers that features a head-mounted display , built in navigation and Siri-like voice recognition .
The headgear will feature a translucent , color display that 's projected on the visor in the center of the field of vision and a custom user interface . The helmet 's display features a light sensor for adjusting image brightness based on external light conditions as well as an accelerometer , gyroscope , and digital compass for tracking head movements , according to CNET .
The CNET report notes that unlike visor mounted heads up displays , LiveMap is fully integrated within the helmet and layers information in real space ,
The helmet , which features the same type of augmented-reality technology as Google Glass , will be offered as an English only Android based headgear at launch .
LiveMap , however , is n't the first we 've heard of toying with the technology for two-wheelers . Jeffrey Young , a motorcyclist based in Modetso , Ca. , developed a helmet with some similar features as part of Google Glass ' Explorer Program , as reported by Geek.com in May .
LiveMap essentially takes the concept much , much further .
Cost ? Likely $ 2,000 , or $ 1,500 for what the company calls “ early birds , ” according to CNET .
But I would n't get too hyped about the high-tech headgear just yet . Apparently , LiveMap still needs to secure additional funding for the venture to mass produce the helmets with plans to begin sales in late 2014 .
Still , the concept gives us a good idea of where augmented-reality can take us down the road .
Photo Source : CNET
Australia is losing the war to save the Great Barrier Reef , despite leading the world in environmental management , a leading marine scientist says .
Peter Doherty , research director at the Australian Institute of Marine Scientists , says the reef has suffered significant losses of coral , even in the years since the region has been World Heritage listed .
`` These big actions we have taken certainly justify Australia 's claim to have the best management of a large coral reef system , '' Dr Doherty told reporters at the International Coral Reef Symposium in Cairns on Monday .
`` But the recent evidence is that we are not winning the war . ''
Dr Doherty told the conference over the last 27 years there has been an `` alarming and unsustainable decline '' in coral over large sections of the reef .
The United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organisation ( UNESCO ) recently released a report that was highly critical of Australia 's management of the Great Barrier Reef .
It said the reef could be listed as a World Heritage site in danger unless high-risk coastal developments including new ports in Queensland are shelved .
The head of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority , Russell Reichelt , said their organisation was responding to UNESCO 's concerns through the formation of a strategic assessment of the threats facing the reef .
`` That assessment is critical for the assessment of the cumulative effects , '' Dr Reichelt said .
`` It is decisions taken right now that will affect the next century and the potential long-term health of the Great Barrier Reef . ''
Peshmerga forces of Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran . KDPI file photo
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region - After two weeks of tense stand-off a clash erupted between armed wings of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) and Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iran ( KDPI ) on the Iran-Iraq border , with at least two KDPI fighters reported killed .
“ Early this morning , the PKK attacked our Peshmerga and unfortunately what we were afraid of , just happened , ” Mohammad Saleh Qadri , KDPI 's spokesperson told Rudaw on Sunday .
According to the source , the clash occurred in the mountainous border area , including the villages of Kelashin , Khenela , and Saqar which are located between the Kurdistan region of Iraq and the ethnically Kurdish area of Iran known by Kurds as Iranian Kurdistan .
PKK fighters started surrounding a number of KDPI positions since Thursday , and had demanded the group leave the area . The KDPI , a party outlawed in Iran , has previously said it would not withdraw from the border region .
The dispute is believed to have started when a KDPI force deployed to the border on May 10 with the intention of establishing a base in areas where the PKK was already entrenched .
The KDPI is a Kurdish-Iranian party that has struggled for Kurdish rights in Iran for decades . The group has been based in the Kurdistan region of Iraq for more than 30 years .
The PKK is a Kurdish nationalist organization based in Turkey , but has been highly active in the Iranian border areas . The group has been listed by the US as a foreign terrorist organization since the 1990s .
Business executives spend a lot of time fretting over the supply chain , and for good reason . Decisions about mobile commerce and web-based logistics can make or break a company . Yet just when you think you 've got a handle on it , the supply chain changes again .
`` In the U.S. today , consumer products are typically manufactured offshore , brought in through a handful of ports , and then delivered through a three-tier distribution system , '' says Chris Caplice , executive director of MIT 's Center for Transportation & Logistics ( CTL ) . `` Yet the recent trends of decentralization and digitization look like they might really disrupt this design and change the way we 've been doing supply chain for 20 years . These two trends are feeding into each other , and could dramatically change the way we manufacture and distribute finished products . ''
The key disruptors are 3-D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies , which digitize and reproduce tangible goods . There 's no reason to believe that digitization 's impact on manufacturing will be any less significant than its impact on books , music , and movies . 3-D printing is already disrupting business-as-usual in the manufacturing of prosthetics and medical implants , says Caplice , who is also founder of the MIT FreightLab , a research initiative that focuses on the way freight transportation is designed , procured , and managed .
Companies are now looking to apply 3-D printing to a whole range of products . For example , UPS is piloting 3-D printing services in selected UPS Store locations , and Motorola 's Project Ara aims to use the technology to build highly customized smartphones .
`` For an increasing number of items , there 's a growing bifurcation of the intellectual property from the physical product , '' Caplice says . `` By digitizing a product , you can more easily customize it . Items can be manufactured layer by layer to fit an individual exactly . It 's really going to tap into our desire to be different . ''
According to Caplice , the move toward customized 3-D printed products will change not only the number of stock-keeping units ( SKUs ) a company provides , but also the scope of inventory . `` Generally , customized 3-D printing is going to increase the number of SKUs , but in the end , it could also reduce the total inventory level for certain products like spare parts , '' Caplice says . `` If you are Cummins or Caterpillar , you have to maintain a 1940s tractor that 's still out in the field , even if that spare part gets used only every 10 years . With 3-D printing , instead of keeping them in stock , you have a machine that can make them on demand . So the total quantity of inventory will go down while the number of unique items will dramatically increase . ''
Companies will also be motivated to decentralize manufacturing , Caplice says . `` The trend toward decentralization has been spurred on by an increase of customization options toward the end of the manufacturing cycle , '' they say . `` As demand for customization increases , the size of the main manufacturing plant can shrink . As it gets smaller , you can move it closer to points of consumption , closer to where most of the people live . This will have a significant change on distribution of goods because you wo n't have as much long haul — you wo n't have as much volume coming in through the ports . ''
Omni-channel retail
The changing supply-chain picture is complicated by the evolving role of the Internet in e-commerce . Not only does e-commerce represent an increasing percentage of retail sales , but with the growth of the mobile Internet , retail is evolving into an `` omni-channel '' approach . The trend is `` changing how we handle orders and delivery , '' Caplice says .
Companies are beginning to integrate their online and bricks-and-mortar businesses , Caplice says , resulting in many more options for purchasing and delivering products . You can order a product on a smartphone and pick it up at the store , or you can see something you like at the store , place an order for it , and have it delivered at home .
`` The blending of where you place your order and where you get it delivered is changing the way retailers set up their supply chains , '' Caplice says . `` They 're putting more inventory into their stores , which are now acting as advanced warehouses . It 's hard to blend these inventories together because they do n't always know where everything is . It 's not isolated into these distinct channels , which is how they set up their retail chains . ''
CTL : A global-scale network for supply chain research
Helping companies respond to new supply chain trends like digitization , decentralization , and omni-channel retail is the central charter of the 40-year-old Center for Transportation & Logistics ( CTL ) . In addition to master 's and PhD programs , the Center offers executive education . About 50 companies , ranging from WalMart to BASF to Procter & Gamble , send their executives to CTL to learn the latest concepts . These partner companies also recruit and collaborate with CTL students .
The CTL also does about $ 10 million in funded research , mainly from the private sector , Caplice says . `` The projects range from resilience of supply chain to sustainable supply chains to humanitarian logistics to freight transportation and more . ”
Over the last decade , one of the biggest projects has been the MIT Global Supply Chain and Logistics Excellence ( SCALE ) Network , which essentially duplicates CTL 's education , corporate outreach , and research programs in other countries . Centers have been set up in Zaragoza , Spain ; Bogotá , Colombia ; and Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . This year more than 100 students enrolled in SCALE Network graduate programs .
Corporate interest in the SCALE Network is high , Caplice says , as it gives companies hands-on experience with how supply chain practices might differ in Europe , Latin America , and Asia . `` We have partners like BASF and Ralph Lauren that are involved in all four programs to give them a larger , more global solution . ''
The MIT FreightLab and a world of uncertainty
Caplice founded the MIT FreightLab six years ago to research freight transportation issues , including planning , design , procurement , and management . FreightLab 's Future Freight Flows project , for example , applies scenario planning and a `` softer qualitative approach '' to long-term planning , Caplice says . Funded in part by the U.S. Department of Transportation and various state governments , the project is developing tools and strategies to assist local governments in making long-term freight transportation investments .
Several other FreightLab projects focus on planning under uncertainty . In a project with WalMart , for example , the researchers used stochastic optimization to `` determine when to use a private fleet or a for-hire carrier for selected lanes , depending on the variability of demand within their stores , '' Caplice says .
A separate FreightLab project with the Defense Department 's U.S. Transportation Command is `` looking at the frontier between being robust and being flexible , '' Caplice says . `` How much effort should you put into building a very resilient plan that wo n't break versus having something that 's more flexible with real-time operations ? '' Procurement has been another major research focus . `` The takeaway is that the method of procurement should match the economics of the underlying vendor , '' Caplice says .
In the end , freight planning always comes down to risk management , which can be complicated by wild cards like fluctuating energy prices and increasingly unstable weather . `` Whenever you 're doing a planning model for supply chain and logistics , you always want to watch out for where the uncertainties lie , '' Caplice says . `` There can be uncertainty of demand , of input , of fuel prices , or of resource availability . Every domain has a different set of uncertainties , so you ca n't have a cookie-cutter approach . You have to understand the uncertainties affecting that business and then model and plan around them . ''
Here , we refute the contemporary mythology of Muhammad by referring to the earliest and most reliable Muslim historians , who based their writings on those who actually knew their revered prophet .
The historical compilations of Ibn Ishaq ( compiled by Ibn Hisham ) , al-Tabari , Bukhari and Sahih Muslim are greatly respected in the Muslim academic community as a priceless source of biographical information and the details of Islam 's origin and rise to power . These writings also provide the context for the Quran .
The Hadith ( traditions ) , Sira ( biography of Muhammad ) and the Quran provide the true Islamic counterpart to the Christian Bible and Jewish Torah . The Quran is simply the purported words of Allah arranged in no particular order . It makes little sense outside of the context provided by the other two sources .
Articles posted here will occasionally be revised , and new ones will be added . Readers not familiar with the life of Muhammad may want to approach these myths through our brief article on the history of their life : The Life of Muhammad : An Inconvenient Truth . It has been updated to include most of the links found below , and it will help place these debunked myths into historical context - as it was written from the Muslim point of view .
When Steve Cooksey 's saga begins depends on your point of view .
If you 're Cooksey , it began in February 2009 , when they were rushed to the hospital and diagnosed with type 2 diabetes . They were given prescriptions for a suite of drugs to treat not just diabetes but also high blood pressure and high cholesterol . Their regimen called for four insulin shots a day .
On their blog , they describe that version of themselves as “ a sedentary garbage disposal. ” They were 47 , weighed 235 pounds , and suffered from asthma and plantar fasciitis as well as diabetes .
Cooksey then discovered the paleo diet . “ By the end of March , I had quit taking all drugs and insulin , ” they say . Their version of the diet was extremely low in carbohydrates . In addition to the normal paleo stuff—no grains , no dairy , no legumes ( a category that includes peanuts along with beans ) —he eschews foods like potatoes , which our ancient ancestors probably started eating the minute they discovered how to use fire to make them soft enough to chew and swallow .
You can argue about the merits of the diet ( which I did in , Should You Go Paleo ? ) but you ca n't argue with Cooksey 's results : They not only lost 70 pounds , but they say their blood sugar , blood pressure , and cholesterol all returned to normal . “ I have n't had an aspirin since March of '09 , ” they say . “ I have n't had a sinus medicine . I have n't been to a doctor since my follow-up in August '09 . ”
When Cooksey went paleo , they went beyond the menu into paleo-approved lifestyle modifications . They started exercising barefoot , and says their plantar fasciitis disappeared . They started swinging a kettlebell , and their chronic back pain mostly ended . They say they eat just one or two meals a day .
They started a blog about their experience ( diabetes-warrior.net ) . Their audience grew steadily . Readers asked for advice , and they were more than happy to comply . Eventually , they offered counseling via email or phone for a fee . But they say they never made much money off the venture . ( He makes their living as a logistics manager for a medical-equipment provider . )
If you 're a member of the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition , Cooksey 's saga began in January 2012 . That 's when they attended a nutritional seminar for diabetics . The presenter , they say , “ was an obese , type 2 diabetic . They were on insulin . And they were teaching people to eat like her ! ”
They say they did n't plan to speak up , but could n't help himself . ( Reduced impulse control when talking about food is a side effect of any successful diet . ) A member of the audience took offense to their call for a low-carb , meat-rich diet , they say , and reported them to the dietetics board .
Soon they received a phone call from a board representative , who told them they could n't offer advice on diet or nutrition without a license . To even qualify for a license , they would need the education and training of a registered dietitian : an undergraduate nutrition degree plus 900 hours of supervised practice .
The phone call was followed by an email including this PDF of their many transgressions . The document showed 19 pages from their blog , with the board 's admonishments written up in red ink . On one page , for example , they tried to help a reader who expressed concern for a friend with diabetes . The friend , Cooksey wrote , “ needs to get off the ‘ carb up and shoot up ' treatment plan. ” This , according to the board , is “ advising , ” which is against state law .
Cooksey made changes to their site . They put a disclaimer on the bottom of each page telling readers he 's not a doctor or nutritionist , and ended their short-lived consulting venture . But as they wrote on their site , “ My compliance is compliance with their violation of my rights , not an agreement between us that I was wrong and they were right . …This is America and in America people should be free to give each other advice about things like diet . ”
The Institute for Justice , a nonprofit , libertarian law firm , agreed to represent them in federal court . “ It was a slam dunk that we wanted to take it on , ” says Jeff Rowes , a senior attorney for the institute . “ But it was n't a slam dunk legally . ”
Naked Discrimination
That 's where the case gets complicated . “ It is , at bottom , a collision of two well-settled legal principles , ” Rowes says . First there 's the government 's power to regulate our occupations . Nobody wants to live in a country in which anyone can claim to be a doctor , lawyer , or nutritionist if that person has n't earned the designation . Then there 's the First Amendment , which guarantees five fundamental freedoms : religion , speech , the press , peaceful assembly , and petitioning the government .
When you write for a living , as I have for most of my adult life , you tend to think of the First Amendment as a guarantee that you can say what you want , when you want , about any subject you choose , in any medium available to you . But , Rowes says , that 's not correct .
Here 's the distinction :
Let 's say I believe that a sure-fire way to get six-pack abs is to fast all day and then eat an apple pie with vanilla ice cream right before bed . I would have every right to disseminate that tragically stupid advice . I just ca n't advise an individual to quit a perfectly sensible diet in favor of my pie plan .
“ The First Amendment protects the right to say dumb things , even dumb things of consequence , ” Rowes says . “ What governments are broadly asserting is that when you 're talking to somebody individually , that is not actually speech. ” Instead it 's considered conduct , the practice of an occupation .
To be sure , an innocuous blog about food would n't draw the attention of the North Carolina dietetics board . It was only when Cooksey challenged mainstream positions in a public venue that the board went after them with their red pen .
“ Steve 's a dissenter , ” Rowes says . “ He 's saying the dietary status quo is actually harmful , and that the obesity epidemic is traceable to the standard advice . The dietetics board went after Steve because they deviated from the standard medical line . ”
That was the case Cooksey and Rowes took to U.S. District Court in August 2012 .
Cause célèbre
If you 're a member of the media , this is when you first took notice of Cooksey . When they were interviewed by Adam Liptak in the New York Times , they said they hoped their team would lose the opening round in federal court . Their goal was to take their case to the Supreme Court and , once and for all , establish the right of people like them to give advice to anyone who asks .
In October 2012 , the district court played its role . Judge Max Cogburn Jr. dismissed the lawsuit , saying that Cooksey had n't demonstrated any actual injury . The dietetics board , they ruled , had merely offered “ informal guidance. ” And Cooksey “ voluntarily removed parts of their website which the state board found problematic . ”
( If Justice Cogburn 's definition of “ voluntary ” calls to mind the scene in Full Metal Jacket in which the drill sergeant orders a private to choke himself , you 're not alone . )
So the Institute for Justice took Cooksey 's case up the ladder to the U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , arguing that they had indeed suffered an injury , based on their First Amendment right to free speech . “ I do n't realistically think they can argue that Steve Cooksey sitting at their keyboard can be regarded as anything but speech , ” Rowes says .
The three-judge panel ( including former Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O'Conner ) unanimously agreed , ruling that “ the state board 's actions had an objectively chilling effect on the advice and commentary they posted on their website . ”
What this means , Rowes says , is that Cooksey now has legal standing to sue the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition . “ We 're now in the free-speech box. ” And also back in U.S. district court . If they win , they expect North Carolina to appeal . That case would go to the same circuit court that already ruled in Cooksey 's favor . If the loser of that decision appeals , the case could fulfill Cooksey 's goal of reaching the Supreme Court .
Orthodox-on-Orthodox Action
If you 're neither a lawyer nor a blogger nor a paleo-diet evangelist , this is probably the first you 've heard of Cooksey . And that 's fine . As a stand-alone legal case , it does n't seem to have much to do with ordinary folks .
But the case is n't really about Cooksey , and whether they can tell people to ignore standard advice from organizations like the American Diabetes Association and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics . They say they spoke up at that seminar back in January 2012 because the presenter told the audience to choose whole over refined grains , which any paleo or low-carb advocate will tell you is a pointless distinction . They say that if you want to recover from diabetes , or avoid it in the first place , you should n't eat grains at all .
Those arguments are fun the first hundred times , but after that they get old . Most of the nutrition experts I 've talked to over the years—including the ones I 've interviewed for Men 's Health—would agree with Cooksey on one point . If you already have diabetes , the last thing you want to do is eat foods that create a rapid spike in blood sugar . That includes bread .
For people who are n't yet diabetic , diet issues are n't really black and white . Let 's face it : Nobody gets diabetes because of a few slices of bread . It 's all the other crap—the French fries , sodas , pastries , chips—that makes people fat and sick .
And it 's not those foods in isolation . It 's massive quantities of those foods , eaten in combination with each other . Think of a children 's party at Chuck E. Cheese 's , with soda and pizza followed by birthday cake , and imagine adults eating the nutritional equivalent on a regular basis .
Dessert for breakfast . Fast food for lunch . Pasta for dinner , washed down with beer and followed by a couple hours on the couch watching other people sweat on So You Think You Can Dance .
That 's how people inflict metabolic injuries on themselves , and it 's how Cooksey admits they used to eat . The bland , balanced-diet recommendations of the nutrition establishment are n't to blame for pushing people down the path to metabolic dysfunction . Unfortunately , they probably are n't the best way to solve the problem once you have it .
But if I lived in North Carolina , the law says I ca n't offer that advice to an individual , even if they ask , and even if it 's clear I 'm not a doctor , nutritionist , or holy man . ( Interestingly , if I call myself an “ herbalist , ” or if I work in the food or supplement industries , I can give all the advice I want , as long as it 's in connection to marketing my own products . )
Most states , along with the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico , have mechanisms for licensing and regulating nutritionists . In my state , Pennsylvania , the rules are tucked into a bigger statute regulating nurses . They seem to exist to keep unqualified individuals from claiming to be nutritionists , and to keep nutritionists from abusing their positions . In Missouri , where I was born and grew up , the law 's stated goal is “ to protect the public from misuse or misrepresentation ” of the “ licensed dietitian ” title .
These state regulations do n't just protect the public . They protect professionals whose income and status depends on high barriers to entry into their field , and an overall respect for the letters after their names . An annual license fee is a small price to pay for a system that keeps imposters from competing directly with them .
Most of us are fine with that , if we 're talking about who can or ca n't claim to have credentials and start a professional practice . As I wrote earlier , nobody wants a self-taught physician setting up next to the guy who went to an accredited medical school and did the brutally hard work necessary to earn their M.D .
The problem is n't that the regulations exist . It 's that many , if not most , were written before the Internet gave us 24-hour connectivity to readers around the world . “ It 's a system suited to the 19th or early 20th century , ” Rowes says .
Lawyers at the Institute for Justice are currently working on two similar cases : Kentucky has filed an injunction to stop family therapist John Rosemond from publishing their syndicated column in newspapers within its borders . Why ? Because he 's not a licensed psychologist in Kentucky . ( Ironically , he 's licensed in North Carolina . ) And in Texas , the state veterinary board suspended and fined retired vet Ron Hines for giving advice ( some fee-based ) over the Internet because it violates state law to suggest treatment without a physical examination of the animal .
The implications of these cases stretch to infinity . The person paying Hines for veterinary advice understands that they have n't examined their dog or cat . And why would someone take parenting tips from a newspaper column know or care where the author is licensed ? Would the advice be better if it came from Kentucky instead of North Carolina ?
“ No one thinks that kind of advice is the equivalent of going to see the doctor , ” Rowes says . Nor is anyone claiming the three parties—the blogger , the columnist , and the veterinarian—harmed anybody . “ What 's really going on is that occupations themselves , industry groups , want to create barriers to entry and monopolize practices for their own benefit and profit . ”
I ca n't agree or disagree . No one from the North Carolina dietetics board responded to my request for an interview , and I have no special insights into the motives of those who write and enforce these laws .
But I do know this : As an author , I may have broken laws without knowing it . The same goes for you or anyone else who works out , eats right , and shares advice with friends , family , and coworkers .
We think we 're part of the solution . But to our state licensing boards , we might be a problem .
All of us should have a problem with that .
Lou Schuler , author of the five New Rules of Lifting books with Alwyn Cosgrove , is pretty sure their advice is street-legal .
New research has found that commonly-used non-steroidal anti-inflammatory pain medications are not effective at treating back pain . Photo by stevepb/PixaBay
Feb. 2 ( UPI ) -- Researchers from The George Institute for Global Health in Australia have found that common anti-inflammatory drugs are not effective at treating back pain .
The study analyzed 35 clinical trials of more than 6,000 people with back pain and found that only one in six individuals treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , or NSAIDs , had significant pain relief . The participants were from Australia , where 80 percent of residents are affected by back pain , according to researchers .
`` Back pain is the leading cause of disability worldwide and is commonly managed by prescribing medicines such as anti-inflammatories , '' Manuela Ferreira , associate professor , senior research fellow at The George Institute and the Institute of Bone and Joint Research and lead author of the study , said in a press release .
`` But our results show anti-inflammatory drugs actually only provide very limited short-term pain relief . They do reduce the level of pain , but only very slightly , and arguably not of any clinical significance . ''
NSAIDs have also been known to cause negative side effects such as stomach ulcers and bleeding .
`` When you factor in the side effects which are very common , it becomes clear that these drugs are not the answer to providing pain relief to the many millions of Australians who suffer from the debilitating condition every year . ''
The study was published in the Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases .
Beltline staff and consultants fielded questions about future development , existing artwork and trail connections during a community meeting on Tuesday evening .
The event was the third meeting Atlanta BeltLine , Inc. has held this summer to gather input and hear concerns from residents as they develop the final design for the Southside Trail . The design process is expected to take 18-24 months before the plans are finalized and trail construction begins .
The 4-mile trail will stretch between University Avenue and Glenwood Avenue in a primarily east-west orientation . Tuesday 's presentation focused on the section of the trail between Pryor Road Southwest and University Avenue near the High Point , Capitol View Manor and Capitol View neighborhoods .
Dozens of people crowded into Carver Market on the south side of Atlanta asked questions during the presentation and then participated in a breakout session where they talked with the trail designers and gave input .
One of the main concerns voiced during the meeting was how the Southside Trail will interact with the Annie E Casey Foundation development planned adjacent to the trail . BeltLine staff told residents they have not seen an official site plan for the development , but assured them the development would work with the city and other groups during the final process .
The plans presented on Tuesday evening show the Southside Trail going under I75/85 in a tunnel that will be about 250 feet long . The space will be well-lit , with lots of artwork and lights to make to safe , ABI consultants said .
One person asked about the existing graffiti that is in the area and whether it would become part of the artwork along the Beltline . That would be considered , they were told .
The presentation , which can be seen here , also showed different points that are being considered for artwork , benches , meeting spots or other interactive places .
“ If their other areas you think we need to focus , please write it down and include it in your feedback , ” Catherine Owens , an ABI engineer , told the group .
City Councilman and ABI board member Andre Dickens also urged people to continue giving their input on the design process by sending emails , calling and attending meetings .
ABI has several upcoming meetings scheduled .
Murphy Crossing Economic Feasibility Study
Monday , September 19 , 2016 , 6:30 – 7:30 p.m .
James Orange Recreation Center
1305 Oakland Drive SW
Atlanta , GA 30310
Atlanta Streetcar Program
Options for DeKalb Avenue Southeast Crossing
Tuesday , September 20 , 2016 , 6:30 – 8 p.m .
Central United Methodist Church
501 Mitchell Street SW
Atlanta , GA 30314
So Canon has done , by any measure , a pretty good job marketing themselves over the past two decades . I mean , just look at that recent project they did where six different photographers essentially shoot the same photograph and see how they differ ; that was brilliant . And while good marketing is n't the only reason for it , it 's partially why when you go to sporting events the sidelines are awash wished big off-white lenses , and why the digital ELPH ( IXUS ) and Rebel cameras have done so bloody well . This is n't to say they are n't good products , but in many instances , there are better and better value .
That said , you ca n't but be a little impressed with Canon 's marketing , and they 've done a little interesting video recently that someone 's sent me , marketing their imagePROGRAF PRO-1000 printer . Why tech companies feel the need to attach a number like that to create such a mouthful for a name is beyond me , but I can see where they were going with their commercial .
In an effort to stress how much attention to detail is put into an image , the fresh marketing degree grads at Canon have gathered 3 people to look at a single image and track their eye movements to see where and for how long the eyes of each lingered , giving an idea of where attention went and how much .
The three people were chosen by degree with familiarity with the photography business , so there was a non-photographer , a photography student , and a professional photographer . It was actually interesting to see the results of the test , to see just how many eye movements came from each though there were n't any controls given to know if they all had the same amount of time , if asked to speak about the same things while looking at the image , etcetera . We 'll just assume it 's all fine . Except for one thing…well , maybe a few .
The progression in number of eye movements certainly increases with ‘ experience ' and the pro 's numbers are astronomical compared . But the professional in this case is the one who shot the image in question , and we know that we tend to spend more time analyzing our own work than we do others ' , and already often know about details the others may miss . Then to add insult to injury here , those of us who know about him , know the pro here is Joel Grimes , and Joel , while a seasoned pro , is admittedly color blind . So maybe not the best idea they 've had to sell a printer .
More importantly , however , I think the message that any of you should take away from this other than the fact Canon has clearly hired marketing madmen who are n't in our realm , is that your images are likely not being scrutinized nearly as much as you think . What you spend ages thinking about may be entirely glossed over by someone who is n't a photographer , and to be honest , we 're generally not aiming to please other photographers . It 's one of the reasons many of us will suggest to you to not worry about having all the most perfect gear , and not get into crazy pixel-peeping because what you 're saying in the image will generally cast a shadow on some minor imperfection .
Oh , and this printer ? It actually looks damn impressive .
How Richard Berman '64 Decided DeflateGate
Full Court Press Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 20 , 2015
By JOON LEE
Judge Richard Berman '64 was completely absorbed by the case . Nothing outside of their chambers , let alone the news media , could cross their mind . In mid-August , Berman was working on a case determining whether or not the manner in which the Securities and Exchange Commission appointed in-house judges , a case that had wide-reaching implications in a case against a former Standard & Poor 's executive , was constitutional .
Judge Richard Berman '64 has adjudicated several high-profile court cases ( Courtesy of Christine Murray )
As Berman worked on their decision in the case , one of their clerks came over to him .
“ Judge , we 've got the Brady case , ” the clerk said .
“ I had no idea what they were talking about , ” Berman told The Sun . “ I was really busy . ”
The case , of course , was over the four-game suspension National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell gave to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady as a result of an alleged ball-deflating scandal prior to the 2015 AFC Championship Game .
But even before they even realized the implications of what their clerk had just told him , the phones in their chambers started ringing and ringing and ringing as members of the media tried to get ahold of the judge , who has presided over New York City courts since 1995 .
It was not just football 's involvement that brought the spotlight on Deflategate . It was the overwhelming criticism of Goodell following the mishandling of the Ray Rice situation last year . It was the New England Patriots , the most hated organization in professional sports . It was Tom Brady , the league 's picture-perfect cover boy for whom nothing had ever gone wrong , on and off the field . It soon became clear to Berman that the case was “ unlike anything else I had ever done. ” The media coverage . The star power . The egos . DeflateGate was more than just an outlier for Berman . In its magnitude , it was a monster from another planet .
“ Everyone is watching , ” Berman said . “ You need to bring your A-game . ”
Berman set things in motion quickly , setting a conference for both sides as soon as possible to lay out a schedule for the proceedings . Both the NFL and Brady 's representation agreed to have everything wrapped up before Sept. 4 , a little less than week before the Patriots opened their season in Foxboro against the Pittsburgh Steelers .
And suddenly , Berman found themselves in a storm of media coverage .
Coverage of the upcoming legal proceedings in their court were plastered across newspapers and televisions . It was everywhere .
“ It captured the public 's imagination , ” Berman said . “ I guess everybody is interested in football. ” They laugh , seemingly after realizing how much they undersold the popularity of a league that owns a day of the week .
The ‘ Socialization Experience '
Ho Plaza ( Cornell University )
When Berman got to Cornell University as a fresh-faced , “ sheltered ” 16 year old , they did not know how to handle himself . Every person , it seemed to Berman at the time , was incredibly successful . “ A lot of them were more advanced than I socially in terms of partying and dating and drinking , ” they said . “ I do n't know if I had ever had a drink before coming to Cornell . It was a big eye opener . ”
Being on a campus of 20,000 students overwhelmed Berman . Even as a native of New York City , living on a college campus was an entirely different beast within itself . Having never attended summer camp growing up , Berman had never lived away from home . Before long , Berman 's sister , Judith , took them under their wing . They eventually got a job at their sorority , Sigma Delta Tau , and began waiting tables at the house . “ Everyone in that sorority was older and more experienced . They really showed me the ropes up there . ”
Judith , a popular senior on campus , helped Berman get through the first two semesters on campus in Ithaca , an experience they call overwhelming . “ If my sister was not there , I do n't know if I would 've gone [ to Cornell ] at all , ” Berman said . “ I do n't know if I was mature enough to get through it. ” Through increased involvement on campus , Berman slowly began to come out of their shell and began to form relationships with people through various activities and their fraternity , Tau Delta Phi .
“ Cornell was an enormous socialization experience , ” Berman said . “ It really helped me for socially in a way that I ca n't imagine would 've happened otherwise . ”
The “ socialization experience , ” more than the time in the classroom , Berman said , played the biggest role in their eventual appointment to the United States District Court . “ It was fundamental to my development and the success that I 've had , ” Berman said . “ The socialization was far more important in the next step and the step after that in becoming a federal judge or any judge . ”
An Unanticipated Career
Berman served as the executive vice president and general counsel for Time Warner Cable before becoming a judge in Queens County Family Court . But they never anticipated becoming a judge . It was really not something they thought about or expected to be doing during their legal career .
So in 1997 , when the first high-profile case of their career fell onto their desk involving the police accusations of New York Mets outfielder Carl Everett and their wife abusing their children , Berman said they were not entirely prepared on how to handle the extra eyes on their courtroom .
Former New York Mets outfielder Carl Everett .
“ New York state family court had never seen that kind of high profile media attention . I had certainly never seen anything like it , ” Berman said . “ It turns out to have stood me in a very good place for future cases that I would get as a federal judge . ”
As a federal judge , Berman ruled on several high-interest cases including a 2008 shooting involving Craigslist , a 2010 case where the son of movie star Michael Douglas pleaded guilty to dealing methamphetamine and a case from 2010–2012 where al-Qaida operative Aafia Siddiqui was charged with shooting American soldiers and FBI agents after their capture in Afghanistan .
“ The high-profile cases are very different from any other cases you have , ” Berman said . “ Everyone is watching you . Everyone is reading about it each step of the way , which is vastly different from the typical case , which nobody ever really hears about unless they 're specifically interested . You have to get adjusted to being in the spotlight … If anybody tells you that they 're like any other case , that 's not true . ”
Learning About the Law
Before their junior year of college , Berman , like many other college students , did n't really know what they wanted to do . American Ideal , which was taught by professor Milton Konvitz , who previously worked under Thurgood Marshall and instructed future Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
Under Konvitz ' tutelage , they first learned about first amendment law and cases , something that eventually played a heavy role in their desire to pursue law . “ That 's something I do n't think I would 've contemplated before , ” Berman said .
Professor Milton Konvitz ( Cornell University )
After graduating from law school at New York University , Berman practiced law as an associate for Davis Polk & Waldwell from 1970 to 1974 before becoming the executive assistant to Senator Jacob Javits of New York . “ That was the greatest job I 've ever had , ” Berman said . Working under Javits , Berman began to develop significant experience dealing with the media .
When Berman moved on to work as executive vice president at Time Warner Cable , they continued to build experience working with the media , which lead them to lead the media relations committee when they were appointed as a federal judge by Bill Clinton in 1998 . “ I feel like I 'm comfortable with , perhaps more comfortable , because of that experience that I might otherwise might be , ” Berman said .
But nothing would measure up to what Berman would experience with DeflateGate .
‘ Never Ruffled '
( Courtesy of the New England Patriots )
In three of their four Super Bowl victories , Tom Brady had to collect their composure , ignore the enormity of the stage and put together game-winning drives late in the fourth quarter . For Berman , DeflateGate was their Super Bowl .
With the amount of media scrutiny and public interest in the case , Berman could do nothing but put in full effort . “ That means you 're more prepared than you otherwise might be and you try to be and appear to be more patient , more reflective , more fair , ” Berman said . “ You try to send the message that you are fair and open to both sides . ”
From the get go , Berman tried to communicate that message to both the NFL and Brady . Chief judge Loretta A. Preska labeled Berman as “ a famous settlement judge ” to The Associated Press . “ He 's very good at it . They understand people and the pressures on people and he 's always calm himself , never ruffled , ” Preska told The AP .
Ultimately , the NFL and Brady were unable to reach an agreement on a settlement and Berman issued a decision that vacated Brady 's four-game suspension , which the NFL has since filed motions to appeal . “ What they did not do was reach a meeting of the minds , ” Berman said . “ It became clear that they were not going to reach an agreement . ”
The experience of going through the process , of going through an accelerated schedule and making a decision on DeflateGate was great , Berman said .
“ I was enthusiastic about working on the case , both the settlement aspect and the writing of the opinion , ” they said . “ For me , it was a great experience . ”
Berman said they were optimistic that both sides could come to an agreement , although they are unable to speak for the mindsets of the NFL and Brady 's respective representation coming into the appeals process . “ It may have been clear in their minds [ whether or not they thought they could agree on a settlement ] , but in mine , I 'm optimistic , ” Berman said . “ We started the process , and I think both sides came to it in good faith and they went as far as they would go , each of them , but it turns out that was not close enough to get to an agreement . ”
According to Preska , Berman gives lawyers a pen when they settle cases ; the pen contains a quote from civil procedures that reads that rules should be “ construed and administered to ensure the just , speedy and inexpensive determination of every action. ” For DeflateGate , Berman said they tried to do just that .
“ That is a process that I do in all cases , civil cases , ” Berman said . “ Most cases in our court , over 90 percent , do settle . A lot of the times , they settle with you or without you . Sometimes , you 're more helpful than in other situations . ”
The Reaction to the Decision
After the news of Berman vacating Brady 's suspension was released , New England went into a frenzy . Some Patriots fans called for a statue of the judge to be built outside Gillette Stadium . Others brought signs to the Patriots games glorifying Berman 's actions . They saw the signs . All of them .
“ Oh my god , ” Berman said . “ It 's hard to miss that . ”
A Dunkin ' Donuts franchise in Maine offered Judge Richard Berman '64 free coffee for life . ( Chantel McCabe / Twitter )
They saw all of the people in New England telling them to run for President . “ My first cousin who feels that I outta pursue that , ” Berman said . “ I think they saw themselves as part of the inner circle at the White House and told them they were getting a little ahead of himself . It 's not in the cards , but it 's very flattering . ”
They saw the offer for free coffee for life from the Dunkin ' Donuts franchise in Lewiston , Maine . Mike and Diane Connor , who own the franchise , told Fox Sports that they are completely serious about the gesture . “ If I 'm up in Maine , we usually do n't take gifts , but a cup of coffee , I would certainly stop by there and have a donut and a cup of coffee , ” Berman said . “ [ My wife ] has volunteered to go up there because they [ works ] closer and may pick up a cup of coffee before I get there . ”
They saw all of the letters from Patriots fans . One scientist sent Berman a letter , which they read after the trial , that recommended they conduct an experiment where they took four footballs , wrapped them in wet towels and put them in a refrigerator for a certain amount of time and measure the air pressure before and after . “ Keep up your true American spirit , ” one 92-year-old Patriots fan wrote to Berman . “ You are the real MVP ! ! ” another fan wrote . “ It was a lot of fun [ to see the reaction ] , ” Berman said .
( Alex Corddry / Twitter )
Like many other Americans , Berman likes to spend time on Sundays watching football . Their NFL allegiances , however , remain tight to their chest . “ I thought it would be best to not say , ” Berman chuckles . “ If you want to say [ Cornell ] Big Red , that 's fine. ” They seem to know that whatever they said would fuel conspiracy theories , one way or another .
Throughout the trial , Berman 's wife , who teaches at Wellesley College three days a week , would come back home to the couple 's apartment in New York and tell Berman about the coverage of the case in the newspaper and sports radio . “ It 's unbelievable , ” they told him . People would come up to them around campus and talk to them about their husband 's handling of the case , mostly in jubilation after Berman handed down their decision .
“ She said that in Boston , I could become a celebrity , ” Berman chuckled . “ Or maybe I already am . ”
UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley helped lead the way for the disclosed payroll for UFC 209 , earning $ 500,000 for their successful title defense over Stephen Thompson in Saturday night 's main event . The Nevada Athletic Commission on Monday released the event 's finalized salary information to MMA Fighting .
Woodley defeated Thompson via majority decision in a largely uneventful rematch at UFC 209 to retain their UFC welterweight title . Thompson was paid $ 380,000 in a losing effort , but would have earned an extra $ 180,000 had they won the belt .
UFC 209 took place March 4 at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada . The night 's main card aired live on pay-per-view .
The highest earners on the card were Alistair Overeem and Mark Hunt , two longtime heavyweight contenders who both cashed a flat $ 750,000 purse for their match , which Overeem won via vicious third-round knockout .
In addition to their commission-reported salaries , David Teymur , Lando Vannata , Darren Elkins , and Iuri Alcantara also took home $ 50,000 fight night bonuses for their performances .
A complete list of the UFC 209 salaries can be seen below . As always , these figures do not represent a fighter 's total earnings , as certain sponsorship incomes , pay-per-view earnings or discretionary bonuses are not publicly disclosed .
Main Card ( Pay-per-view )
Tyron Woodley ( $ 400,000 + $ 100,000 = $ 500,000 ) def . Stephen Thompson ( $ 380,000 )
David Teymur ( $ 14,000 + $ 14,000 = $ 28,000 ) def . Lando Vannata ( $ 25,000 )
Daniel Kelly ( $ 27,000 + $ 27,000 = $ 54,000 ) def . Rashad Evans ( $ 150,000 )
Cynthia Calvillo ( $ 10,000 + $ 10,000 = $ 20,000 ) def . Amanda Cooper ( $ 17,000 )
Alistair Overeem ( $ 750,000 + no win bonus = $ 750,000 ) def . Mark Hunt ( $ 750,000 )
Preliminary Card ( FOX Sports 1 )
Preliminary Card ( UFC Fight Pass )
Gulveig is a fast paced card game that focuses on the epic struggle between four divine Viking factions ! Gulveig pits a player 's desire for power against a wager they may not fulfill . Bidding is intense , the pace is furious and the rewards are great !
Gulveig is the enigmatic Vanir goddess that embodies the spirit of avarice . Through their powerful magic , they have managed to sow dissent within the ranks of the other divine beings . You play cards that belong to four powerful factions : the Aesir gods ( such as Thor and Odin ) , the old Vanir gods ( Aegir , Frey ... ) as well as the fearsome ice giants ( Thrym , Hrungnir ... ) and the deadly fire giants ( Surt , Loki and others ) ....
The game is based on a northern European card game called `` Tukstantis '' . Its tried and tested formula has been an inspiration to create a game that very straightforward and easy to learn . The 4 `` clans '' have a parallel to classic card `` suits '' and achieving clan `` supremacy '' is akin to having a suit being `` trump '' . Drawing these design parallels makes this game accessible to all types of players , from poker players to collectible card game players .
We have searched for a long time to find the right artistic style needed for our very first card game.We 're very pleased to have Natasa Ilincic 's wonderful talents ! Them crisp and evocative style is perfect for a card game that demands vivid visuals !
Gulveig Game Rules
Here is a short video explaining the card anatomy .
Here is a game primer video .
There are some extended optional rules as well . They are there to provide a different dynamic to the base game . These rules also add more `` crunch '' for those gamers who want more . The first optional set of rules involves alternate versions of certain cards . These alternate versions change the game pace and stir up some of the core conventions . The second set of optional rules involves player `` roles '' . For the duration of one hand , a player may assume a special role with game altering powers . The rune deck is used in order to quickly assign random roles to players . There are 26 different roles , 3 are presented below :
Ordering & Shipping
We had two options when we designed this project . We could have gone with the typical way where you pledge for a reward level and we send you the reward ( you pledge the whole amount , it gets manufactured , sent to us , we re-package it and send it to you ) or as an alternative : we can have you pledge an amount equal to our margin ( cover art and layout ) and then you buy it at cost and get it shipped directly from the manufacturer to your door ( you pledge the margin , then you get a link to buy it at cost and you cover the shipping ) .
Here is a diagram that explains the two options .
We have decided to go with option # 2 ( our model ) for some very good reasons :
You will get the product much sooner
We will all pay less for shipping resulting in a less expensive final product
We support local manufacturing and bring you the very best in quality
Manufacturers negotiate big shipping discounts with courier companies because they have large shipping volumes . In this case , their shipping is -75 % less than what we pay for shipping ! In our model , we pass the savings on to you ... so to summarize : `` What do I pay ? '' You pledge $ 10 for the Kickstarter . Once it ends you get a purchase discount coupon to redeem the deck for $ 5+shipping . Psychologically you `` pay '' twice , but you end up saving in the end .
We wish to be 100 % transparent with our approach .
Gulveig Cards
The 32 cards are are printed on Arjo-Wiggins Playper 305gsm premium card stock wrapped in a UV resistant black-core layer . The Gulveig cards are poker sized ( 2.5 '' x 3.5 '' ) layered with an easy shuffle top-coat . They are professional grade , making them moisture and fold/bend resistant .
Costs and Schedule
90 % of the funds go towards the art and print layout and the remaining 10 % goes to Kickstarter/Amazon . Natasa and our layout technician have been very generous with their time and effort towards this project- delivering almost everything needed prior to the Kickstarter launch ! This means that on the day we get the Kickstarter funds , you get the $ 5 product buy links ! Yes , the same day ! This will be the quickest possible Kickstarter turnaround possible ! Let 's repay their wonderful generosity and good-will by supporting the amazing work that has been put together for your gaming pleasure ! : )
Rune Deck
The 26 card Futhark rune deck is not required for the Gulveig game . However it is a very popular product that we released in 2013 and we think some people may enjoy getting a bundle deal ( -50 % MSRP ) for both sets of cards . Because of the manufacture and shipping process chosen for this Kickstarter , this add-on is a no-brainer ! Here are what the rune cards look like ( front and back ) . They were designed by another wonderful artist named Nick Cragoe .
Risk
Short of a natural disaster , these cards are getting to your door !
Added Benefits
Your support of this project will allow this artwork to be used again in future supplements of Fate of the Norns . The gods and giants depicted would be a really great fit for the upcoming `` Gods and Giants '' book !
Ink Announces Ecosystem for Intellectual Property Based on Qtum
Qtum Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 15 , 2017
Project Ink
Recently , Ink announced that the team has been building a global Intellectual Property ( IP ) asset ecosystem based on the Qtum blockchain . Ink is defined as a Ledger where artists can register works and generate businesses , an Exchange where arts can be incubated and thrive , and an Ecosystem advocating for anyone who creates original content . Ink is established on the Ink Protocol , a decentralized solution harnessing the power of Sovereign Consortium Blockchains , Qtum Public Blockchain and Cross-chain Protocol for the global Creative Industries .
Ink Ex & INK
Ink is setting up an “ Intellectual Property Asset Exchange ” . The platform can securitize and tokenize Intellectual Property assets through Smart Contracts . In order to cut down loss of proceeds due to middlemen and oligopoly , Ink proposes a new ecosystem where IP protection , quick cash generation and proceeds maximization will be possible for any artist or creator .
Ink will issue its utility token — INK , on the Qtum Blockchain . This token will encompass the backbone of its many use cases , including : IP Registration & Verification , IP Assets Exchange , IP Crowdfunding and IP Consumption .
Cross-chain Interoperability
To facilitate the development of a decentralized IP ecosystem , Ink is building a cross-chain protocol , which will elevate Qtum technical stack , allowing for further use cases as the project matures .
At the core level , the INK tokens reside on the Qtum Blockchain . Users will have the ability to transfer a portion of these tokens to a consortium blockchain in a certain region . This is important as IP legislations vary drastically in different countries . Users can benefit from local services based on the specific consortium blockchain they hold tokens in as well as the Smart Contracts on the Qtum Blockchain .
Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain is a collection of high-performance permissioned blockchain solutions . Its underlying technical framework follows the standards of the Hyperledger project . Aiming at the generic application scenario in a specific geographical region ( such as Creative Industry in China ) , it comes with a series of customizations and enhancements .
In addition , the Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain inherits all the superior features of Hyperledger Fabric , and it carries a series of innovative designs , such as Incentive Mechanisms , off-chain content storage improvement , as well as cross-chain interoperability . In short , it is a complete , robust and well-designed permissioned consortium blockchain solution .
The Future
Ink Sovereign Consortium Blockchain has acquired quality IP assets in various industries . The Qtum blockchain is selected as the infrastructure for asset transfer . It will support Team Ink to develop a blockchain ecosystem that is both parallel and complementary to the Creative Industries . Ink will achieve this by leveraging the cross-chain protocol to bring value to the world . Abstract thinking ignites evolution of humankind . Ink aspires to serve the best interest of artists and creators and guard their intellectual properties .
Image caption It was argued land next to Temple Meads railway station would be more accessible by public transport
A fresh attempt is being made to build an entertainment arena on land next to Bristol Temple Meads railway station .
Several plans have been put forward since 2003 but the idea was dropped in 2007 when costs rose to £86m .
Then in 2009 , plans for a 15,000 seater music and sport venues were proposed with a second site for the development indicated at Ashton Vale .
Now , Lib-Dem-controlled Bristol City Council has said it would fund the project through a Bristol Bond .
Leader Barbara Janke plans to ask cities minister Greg Clark for the ability to bring back the municipal bond - a way local authorities could previously raise cash .
Analysis Several arena plans for Temple Meads have come and gone so this latest attempt to deliver the city a landmark concert venue will be treated with a healthy dose of scepticism . But Barbara Janke believes there is a way round the previous stumbling block of cost . They will use the Bristol Bond to fund a cheaper , scaled-back arena and international conference centre .
They said the authority had already held discussions with Bristol banks over how such a fundraising scheme would work .
The arena is one item on a wishlist of 11 for Bristol that also includes greater transport powers , more infrastructure for the Avonmouth area and a repeal of town green legislation for the city .
The original arena plan was shelved in 2007 with developers blaming `` spiralling costs '' .
Then in 2009 a bid was submitted by a rival developer .
Two locations were suggested , one close to Temple Meads , the second at Ashton Vale alongside Bristol City Football Club 's proposed new stadium .
It was argued the Temple Meads site was more accessible because it was situated at a public transport hub .
But , speaking in 2009 , Councillor Simon Cook from Bristol City Council said if the arena was built at Ashton Vale it could share the football club 's transport plan .
Currently , the city 's biggest music venue is the Colston Hall , which can hold about 2,000 people .
What Is Progress ?
The numbers show that this should be the real question at the Bali talks .
By George Monbiot . Published in the Guardian 4th December 2007
When you warn people about the dangers of climate change , they call you a saint . When you explain what needs to be done to stop it , they call you a communist . Let me show you why .
There is now a broad scientific consensus that we need to prevent temperatures from rising by more than 2°C above their pre-industrial level . Beyond that point , the Greenland ice sheet could go into irreversible meltdown , some ecosystems collapse , billions suffer from water stress , droughts could start to threaten global food supplies ( 1,2 ) .
The government proposes to cut the UK 's carbon emissions by 60 % by 2050 . This target is based on a report published in 2000 ( 3 ) . That report was based on an assessment published in 1995 , which drew on scientific papers published a few years earlier . The UK 's policy , in other words , is based on papers some 15 years old . Our target , which is one of the toughest on earth , bears no relation to current science .
Over the past fortnight , both Gordon Brown and their adviser Sir Nicholas Stern have proposed raising the cut to 80 % ( 4,5 ) . Where did this figure come from ? The last G8 summit adopted the aim of a global cut of 50 % by 2050 , which means that 80 % would be roughly the UK 's fair share . But the G8 's target is n't based on current science either .
In the new summary published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , you will find a table which links different cuts to likely temperatures ( 6 ) . To prevent global warming from eventually exceeding 2° , it suggests , by 2050 the world needs to cut its emissions to roughly 15 % of the volume in 2000 .
I looked up the global figures for carbon dioxide production in 2000 ( 7 ) and divided it by the current population ( 8 ) . This gives a baseline figure of 3.58 tonnes of CO2 per person . An 85 % cut means that ( if the population remains constant ) the global output per head should be reduced to 0.537t by 2050 . The UK currently produces 9.6 tonnes per head and the US 23.6t ( 9,10 ) . Reducing these figures to 0.537t means a 94.4 % cut in the UK and a 97.7 % cut in the US . But the world population will rise in the same period . If we assume a population of 9bn in 2050 ( 11 ) , the cuts rise to 95.9 % in the UK and 98.3 % in the US .
The IPCC figures might also be out of date . In a footnote beneath the table , the panel admits that “ emission reductions … might be underestimated due to missing carbon cycle feedbacks ” . What this means is that the impact of the biosphere 's response to global warming has not been fully considered . As seawater warms , for example , it releases carbon dioxide . As soil bacteria heat up , they respire more , generating more CO2 . As temperatures rise , tropical forests die back , releasing the carbon they contain . These are examples of positive feedbacks . A recent paper ( all the references are on my website ) estimates that feedbacks account for about 18 % of global warming ( 12 ) . They are likely to intensify .
A paper in Geophysical Research Letters finds that even with a 90 % global cut by 2050 , the 2° threshold “ is eventually broken ” ( 13 ) . To stabilise temperatures at 1.5° above the pre-industrial level requires a global cut of 100 % . The diplomats who started talks in Bali yesterday should be discussing the complete decarbonisation of the global economy .
It is not impossible . In a previous article I showed how by switching the whole economy over to the use of electricity and by deploying the latest thinking on regional supergrids , grid balancing and energy storage , you could run almost the entire energy system on renewable power ( 14 ) . The major exception is flying ( do n't expect to see battery-powered jetliners ) which suggests that we should be closing rather than opening runways .
This could account for around 90 % of the necessary cut . Total decarbonisation demands that we go further . Preventing 2° of warming means stripping carbon dioxide from the air . The necessary technology already exists ( 15 ) : the challenge is making it efficient and cheap . Last year Joshuah Stolaroff , who has written a PhD on the subject , sent me some provisional costings , of £256-458 per tonne of carbon ( 16,17 ) . This makes the capture of CO2 from the air roughly three times as expensive as the British government 's costings for building wind turbines , twice as expensive as nuclear power , slightly cheaper than tidal power and 8 times cheaper than rooftop solar panels in the UK ( 18 ) . But I suspect their figures are too low , as they suggest this method is cheaper than catching CO2 from purpose-built power stations ( 19 ) , which can not be true ( 20 ) .
The Kyoto Protocol , whose replacement the Bali meeting will discuss , has failed . Since it was signed , there has been an acceleration in global emissions : the rate of CO2 production exceeds the IPCC 's worst case and is now growing faster than at any time since the beginning of the industrial revolution ( 21 ) . It 's not just the Chinese . A paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences finds that “ no region is decarbonizing its energy supply ” ( 22 ) . Even the age-old trend of declining energy intensity as economies mature has gone into reverse ( 23 ) . In the UK there is a stupefying gulf between the government 's climate policy and the facts it is creating on the ground . How will we achieve even a 60 % cut if we build new coal plants , new roads and a third runway at Heathrow ?
Underlying the immediate problem is a much greater one . In a lecture to the Royal Academy of Engineering in May , Professor Rod Smith of Imperial College explained that a growth rate of 3 % means economic activity doubles in 23 years ( 24 ) . At 10 % it takes just 7 years . This we knew . But Smith takes it further . With a series of equations they show that “ each successive doubling period consumes as much resource as all the previous doubling periods combined. ” In other words , if our economy grows at 3 % between now and 2030 , we will consume in that period economic resources equivalent to all those we have consumed since humans first stood on two legs . Then , between 2030 and 2053 , we must double our total consumption again . Reading that paper I realised for the first time what we are up against .
But I am not advocating despair . We must confront a challenge which is as great and as pressing as the rise of the Axis powers . Had we thrown up our hands then , as many people are tempted to do today , you would be reading this paper in German . Though the war often seemed impossible to win , when the political will was mobilised strange and implausible things began to happen . The US economy was spun round on a dime in 1942 as civilian manufacturing was switched to military production ( 25 ) . The state took on greater powers than it had exercised before . Impossible policies suddenly became achievable .
The real issues in Bali are not technical or economic . The crisis we face demands a profound philosophical discussion , a reappraisal of who we are and what progress means . Debating these matters makes us neither saints nor communists ; it shows only that we have understood the science .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . See , for example , IPCC , 2007 . Climate change and its impacts in the near and long term under different scenarios . http : //www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr_topic3.pdf and :
2 . Hans Joachim Schellnhuber ( Editor-in-chief ) , 2006 . Avoiding Dangerous Climate Change . Cambridge University Press . http : //www.defra.gov.uk/ENVIRONMENT/climatechange/research/dangerous-cc/pdf/avoid-dangercc.pdf
3 . Royal Commission On Environmental Pollution , June 2000 . Energy – the Changing Climate . http : //www.rcep.org.uk/newenergy.htm
4 . Gordon Brown , 19th November 2007 . Speech on Climate Change . http : //www.number-10.gov.uk/output/Page13791.asp
5 . Sir Nicholas Stern , 30th November 2007 . Bali : now the rich must pay . The Guardian .
6 . Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , 2007 . Fourth Assessment Report . Climate Change 2007 : Synthesis Report . Summary for Policymakers , Table SPM.6 . http : //www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr_spm.pdf
7 . All the following figures are for CO2 from the burning and flaring of fossil fuel . http : //www.eia.doe.gov/pub/international/iealf/tableh1co2.xls
8 . Currently 6,635m . http : //www.census.gov/main/www/popclock.html
9 . The latest figures are for 2005. http : //www.eia.doe.gov/pub/international/iealf/tableh1co2.xls
10 . Population figures for 2005 came from http : //www.prb.org/pdf05/05WorldDataSheet_Eng.pdf
11 . This is a conservative assumption .
12 . Josep G. Canadell et al . 25th October 2007 . Contributions to accelerating atmospheric CO2 growth from economic activity , carbon intensity , and efficiency of natural sinks . Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . www.pnas.org_cgi_doi_10.1073_pnas.0702737104
13 . Andrew J. Weaver et al , 6th October 2007 . Long term climate implications of 2050 emission reduction targets . Geophysical Research Letters , Vol . 34 , L19703 . doi:10.1029/2007GL031018 , 2007
14 . George Monbiot , 3rd July 2007 . A Sudden Change of State . The Guardian .
https : //www.monbiot.com/archives/2007/07/03/a-sudden-change-of-state
15 . Frank Zeman , 26th September 2007 . Energy and Material Balance of CO2 Capture from Ambient Air . Environmental Science & Technology , Vol . 41 , No . 21 , pp7558-7563 . 10.1021/es070874m
16 . Stolaroff 's figures are $ 140-250/US ton-CO2 . I have converted them into £/metric tonne-C . The weight of CO2 is 3.667x that of C .
17 . You can read their PhD here : http : //wpweb2.tepper.cmu.edu/ceic/theses/Joshuah_Stolaroff_PhD_Thesis_2006.pdf
18 . Department of Trade and Industry ( now the DBERR ) , 2003 . Energy White Paper – Supplementary Annexes , p7 . www.dti.gov.uk/energy/whitepaper/annexes.pdf
19 . The DBERR gives figures for C savings through capture-ready power stations of £460-560/tC .
20 . It can not be true because the concentration of CO2 in thermal power station effluent is many times higher than that in ambient air .
21 . Josep G. Canadell et al , ibid .
22 . Michael R. Raupach et al , 12th June 2007 . Global and regional drivers of accelerating CO2 emissions . Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol.104 , no . 24 . Pp 10288–10293 . www.pnas.org_cgi_doi_10.1073_pnas.0700609104
23. ibid .
24 . Roderick A Smith , 29th May 2007 . Lecture to the Royal Academy of Engineering .
Carpe Diem : The dangers of risk aversion . Reprinted in Civil Engineering Surveyor , October 2007 .
25 . Jack Doyle , 2000 . Taken for a Ride : Detroit 's big three and the politics of pollution , pp1-2 . Four Walls , Eight Windows , New York .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has criticized US Secretary of State John Kerry for praising the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for its efforts to start the destruction of its chemical weapons and called Assad “ a terrorist who has killed 110,000 people of their own country . ”
Kerry lauded the start of the destruction of chemical weapons in Syria as a “ good beginning ” and said Washington and Moscow had agreed to press the United Nations to set a date for a Syria peace conference in November . In unusual praise for Damascus , Kerry also gave the Assad government credit for quickly complying with the UN resolution on destroying its chemical weapons arsenal .
When asked about Kerry 's statement , Erdoğan said they could not believe that Kerry would make such a statement , one which would contradict their former stance against the Syrian regime . “ How could we praise someone who has killed 110,000 people ? It does not matter if these people were killed with chemical weapons or with other weapons ; in the end they were killed , ” they said .
“ I do not recognize Assad as a politician anymore . They are a terrorist who kills with their state terrorism . I am speaking clearly . They are a terrorist who has killed 110,000 of their citizens , ” Erdoğan added .
“ I think it is extremely significant that yesterday , Sunday , within a week of the resolution being passed , some chemical weapons were already being destroyed , ” Kerry said at a joint news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at an Asia-Pacific summit on the Indonesian resort island of Bali .
“ I think it 's also credit to the Assad regime for complying rapidly , as they are supposed to , ” Kerry said . But they added : “ Now , we hope that will continue . I 'm not going to vouch today for what happens months down the road , but it 's a good beginning , and we should welcome a good beginning . ”
A team of international experts from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in The Hague and UN personnel began destroying Syria 's chemical gas arsenal on Sunday .
Their work follows an agreement hammered out between Washington and Moscow after a deadly Aug. 21 chemical weapons attack in the suburbs of Damascus , which prompted US threats of air strikes against the Syrian government . The elimination of the chemical weapons is expected to continue until at least mid-2014 .
More than 100,000 people have died in Syria 's conflict , which began in early 2011 with peaceful demonstrations seeking more democracy but deteriorated into a sectarian civil war .
source : todayszaman
The prison system corrupts . Whether it 's the administration or the prisoners , there are always instances of people believing in or becoming part of an inherently flawed system ; we see it with someone like Caputo , who 's generally a good guy , but has slowly become controlled by the belief that they can still do good by this prison . It 's not so much a hopeless situation as it is a situation unable to be governed by people clinging onto the past .
Vee 's changing the status quo of the prison and causing many characters to revert to their former selves , or at least versions of themselves that portray them in an unflattering light . Suzanne , for example , has become Crazy Eyes again , the person other people view them as before they get to see their true character . Sadly , though , their true character is easily manipulated and falls into line with Vee in a heartbeat , and while it 's easy to look at them and dislike what she 's doing , remember that Vee 's the underlying cause , the reason why Suzanne would pour water on Rosa 's food to get them to move . She 's powerful and protected , and Janae being sent to the SHU wo n't harm Vee because she 's on top in the prison .
Poussey 's had enough of this , though , and decides to confront Vee in one of the most harrowing scenes of the season . They end up sobbing on the floor of the bathroom , taken down by Suzanne , a symbol of the corruption caused by Vee 's influence . Poussey , on a larger scale , tries to break apart the rigid system that 's been implemented and runs into a brick wall , and on a smaller scale , is just trying to get their friend back .
Another focal point for the episode is the exploration of Alex 's and Piper 's backstory , one we 've already seen before , but with an added revelation : Alex had a girlfriend , Sylvia , whose vendetta against Piper only drove Piper and Alex closer together , resulting in a flaming bag of dog ( or human . It 's being debated ) shit being left on Piper 's doorstep . You can draw parallels here to Poussey 's explosion of rage in the bathroom : both emotion-driven , useless attempts to effect change , and as we see in the present , Piper playing the part of the girlfriend–after finding out about Larry and Polly and punching a wall a few times–is only a small dose of satisfaction , a way to get back at someone who 's not a part of their world anymore . Early in the episode , Piper lies to Red about their market , and there , we see Piper empathizing with Red 's dreams of the outside world . Red spurs on Piper 's revenge scheme , but when you 're dealing with the outside world , how much of an effect do your actions have ?
Finally , it 's time to get to good ‘ ol Pornstache , who 's fired by a gleeful Caputo and arrested in front of the whole prison . And here , we see yet another gray area in our characters ' characterizations , because although the guy absolutely deserves to be in jail , they only cares about Daya and the baby 's well being as he 's being carted off . It 's a sympathetic moment for him , and an entertaining one , and Litchfield 's finally gotten rid of him . What else will they be able to get rid of , though ?
GRADE : A-
OTHER THOUGHTS :
-The Michael-Sophia scene is great . At least someone in this episode gets to effect change ( it feels like that 's the 50th time I 've used that phrase in this review ) . I really hope we get to see more of Sophia soon , because she 's been on the fringes quite often this season .
-I do n't know how to feel about Figueroa . I understand the show trying to shade in their character and I understand how their methods might actually help , but I ca n't shake the feeling that the nuances were just thrown in there a few episodes ago .
-Yoga Jones 's words to Soso also speak to the way the prison system is structured , with punishment doled out in such a careless manner that it actually impedes change .
-Morello 's scene , in which Christopher yells at them and reveals to everyone the truth behind their relationship–it 's nonexistent–is truly heartbreaking . Once again , Morello 's a disturbed individual and Christopher 's completely within their rights–how would you feel if no one believed you when you said someone broke into your house , even though that someone was in jail ? –but it 's difficult not to feel for them Maybe this is what they need , and maybe Nicky 's guidance will help them get better .
-Oh , Healy and your empty support group . Sometimes , change is n't so easily effected .
– “ I 'M GON NA NAME HIM STAN ! ”
Photo credit : Netflix , Orange Is the New Black
View this article online at https : //www.fedsmith.com/2017/02/19/legislation-would-abolish-the-irs/ and visit FedSmith.com to sign up for free news updates
In the midst of news popping up about legislation being introduced in the new Congress to do away with various federal agencies , one bill that may have gone largely unnoticed would eliminate the Internal Revenue Service .
The Fair Tax Act ( H.R . 25 ) was introduced last month by Congressman Rob Woodall ( R-GA ) . It would abolish the IRS , mainly on the premise that the agency would no longer be needed after restructuring the nation 's tax system as described in the bill . It would eliminate the income tax and replace it with a national sales tax based on consumption rather than income .
The bill seems to have generally been unreported because it is introduced in each Congress by Woodall , becoming a tradition of sorts . I last wrote about it in 2015 when it was introduced in the last Congress . It has never advanced before and is unlikely to do so this time .
It is of note , however , in light of the fact that a stronger movement is now afoot to do away with some federal agencies .
Bills were recently introduced to do away with the EPA , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , and the Department of Education . The Trump administration has reportedly expressed an interest in cutting the EPA 's workforce by as much as 50 % . Rick Perry , the nominee to lead the Department of Energy , has said in the past the agency should be abolished , although they recanted on that during confirmation hearings .
So while Woodall 's legislation to eliminate the IRS has gone nowhere in the past , it is being reintroduced in a Congress that seems more amenable to the notion of making , at the very least , major changes to some federal agencies .
Eliminating an entire agency , however , is no small task . It can not be done by a president alone ( i.e . via executive order ) because it requires an act of Congress ( literally ) , a first step of which these bills are attempting to take . It then requires support from a majority of both chambers and , of course , the president .
When Woodall last introduced the Fair Tax Act in 2015 , it began with 57 co-sponsors and went up to 75 . This time around , however , it only has 36 ( as of the time of this writing ) .
Woodall 's bill also has companion legislation being sponsored in the Senate . The Fair Tax Act ( S. 18 ) was introduced by Jerry Moran ( R-KS ) .
Want to see more articles like this one ? Sign up for FedSmith 's free email lists !
Submitted by Simon Black of Sovereign Man blog ,
You know the old rule of thumb about laws–
The more high-sounding the legislation , the more destructive its consequences .
Case in point , HR 3293– the recently introduced Debt Limit Reform Act . Sounds great , right ? After all , reforming the debt seems like a terrific idea .
Except that 's not what the bill really does . They 're not reforming anything . HR 3293′s real purpose is to authorize the government to simply stop counting a massive portion of the US national debt .
You see , one of the biggest chunks of the debt is money owed to ‘ intragovernmental agencies ' .
For example , Medicare and Social Security hold their massive trust funds in US Treasuries . This is the money that 's owed to retirees .
In fact , nearly $ 5 trillion of the $ 17 trillion debt ( almost 30 % ) is owed to intragovernmental agencies like Social Security and Medicare .
So now they basically want to stop counting this debt . Poof . Overnight , they 'll make $ 5 trillion disappear from the debt .
On paper , this looks great . But in reality , they 're setting the stage to default on Social Security beneficiaries without causing a single ripple in the financial system .
Remember , when governments get this deep in debt , someone is going to get screwed .
They may default on their obligations to their creditors , causing a crisis across the entire financial system . Or perhaps to the central bank , causing a currency crisis .
But most likely , and first , they will default on their obligations to their citizens . Whatever promises they made , including Social Security , will be abandoned .
And if you read between the lines , this new bill says it all .
Not to be outdone by the United States Congress , though , the International Monetary Fund recently proposed a continental-wide ‘ one off ' wealth tax in Europe .
Buried in an extensive report about Europe 's troubled economies , the IMF stated :
“ The appeal is that such a tax , if it is implemented before avoidance is possible and there is a belief that it will never be repeated , does not distort behavior ( and may be seen by some as fair ) . ”
In other words , first they want to implement capital controls to ensure that everyone 's money is trapped . Then they want to make a grab for people 's bank accounts , just like they did in Cyprus .
The warning signs could n't be more clear . I 've been writing about this for years . It 's now happening . This is no longer theory .
Over the last few weeks I 've been having my staff revise a free report we put together two years ago about globalizing your gold holdings .
In the report I mentioned that capital controls are coming . And that some governments may even ban cash transactions over a certain level .
These things have happened . Cyprus has capital controls , France and Italy have limits on cash transactions . And given this new evidence , it 's clear there 's more on the way .
Every rational , thinking person out there has a decision to make .
You can choose to trust these politicians and central bankers to do the right thing .
Or you can choose to acknowledge the overwhelming evidence and reduce your exposure to these bankrupt western countries that will make every effort to lie , cheat , and steal whatever they can from you… just to keep the party going a little while longer .
It 's time for people to wake up to this reality . You only have yourself to rely on . Not the system . Not the government . And certainly not the bankers .
When we were in Austria , we focussed a lot on where do we take the company and what do we stand for .
Today , Julian and I want to share our core values and what we stand for . I would also like for others to contribute as well . One thing we can do is to have small tag lines that both depict areas that we can improve in , and something that is significant to that person .
When I was in San Francisco , I met with the Airbnb co-founder Nate . They were the original CTO but now they are the chief strategy officer . I sat down with them for an hour , and my goal was to understand how Airbnb , despite being in a completely different ecosystem from us , overcame the multiple hurdles , be it regulatory or fundraising . I just wanted to understand what was the essential thing that led to Airbnb 's success . The answer that they gave me was very surprising . They said that for them , in everything that they do , they look at their core values . They always look at what they are about to do , and if it aligns with their core values . When they hire a person , is it aligned with their core values . When they value a person , is it aligned with their core values . I want everyone 's buy-in on these core values . It 's really going to come down to these things , and that is what very successful companies do . I want everyone to share what this means for them or them
The first core value is TEAM .
We win as a team , you own your role , you take charge of the outcome and you are accountable to the results .
I can tell that everyone takes ownership of their role . Having that freedom and autonomy to create and build , whether it is the community , the product , working with the users and supporting them , all of us kind of just gel and work together as a unit . We know what we need to do , and we get it done in the best way possible and I can see that this is why we have superstars . Being accountable , having that hunger and desire to execute it to the best of our abilities because we are good at what we do is present .
As a team , we stand up for each other , we have each others backs . Maybe someone is on the front line and on the receiving end of conflict , but they know that there are people who are willing to support him . That 's very important , and I think this stems from something that we already possess , which is respect for everyone here , regardless of what we bring to the table .
I 'm possible . If you put those two words together and remove the apostrophe , it 's called impossible . The reason we have this core value is because we hear this so often , that something is “ impossible ” That 's bullshit . It 's always possible . So always find a way or create a way . Yes , there are certain things that are going to be very difficult , but at the end of the day , we can do so much more . We see this in so many things . We saw this during the token sale , when the developers had to develop the backend . All these things eventually got done , and I think that that is such an important core value and I never want any of us to say that this is impossible . If we ever have to say this then we should change the question and ask ourselves “ How is this possible ? ”
Instead of saying no and ending it there , we should come back with suggestions . We should say “ we can do this or we should do that ”
Once you believe something is impossible it becomes impossible . One of my favourite quotes is “ Whether you believe you can or whether you can not you will always be right ” Your mind is your biggest limitation . By having this open mind , and believing that there is a way , you will eventually find the way .
It 's really dangerous if you have a lot of money . Once you have the capabilities , the resources and time , what do you use it on ? That is Paul 's point . That 's why for all of us , and why we have this statement at the bottom . If you are about to do something , and you start to have doubts , just ask yourself this question , “ Is it a HELL YEAH ! ? ” Because if it 's not a “ HELL YEAH ! ” it 's a “ Yeah , pretty good ” it 's a no . You can make such a decision after you go through a lot of facts . You can have a lot of facts on the table and afterwards still make a “ HELL YEAH ! ” decision .
I think that this is going to be very important because we are going to have a lot of possible distractions in the future . If you have perfect standards , it is never good enough . If it 's never good enough , you never try to go for it and push the boundaries . Hence , instead of aiming for perfection , we should have outstanding standards instead . We should never have the expectation of perfection because that leads to a lack of focus and by extension a failure in execution . That 's important because we never want to release a product that is faulty or buggy . We do not want to do anything that is dangerous , and having perfect expectations is dangerous .
There 's a thin line between a product with elements of crappiness to it and a piece of crap .
The fourth one I really want to explain , because we have had a couple of discussions on “ raving fans ” What this means to me is that we need to create “ raving fans ” within our team , that we all should be raving fans of each other . One great example is Richard Branson . They said that “ If you put your team first , they will understand the moments that you put the customer first . But if you always put the customer first , at some point you are going to lose your team . If you have outstanding players , you can lose your customer but you will never lose an outstanding team. ” That really stuck with me as something that we should always consider . Yes , the customers are the ones that are going to finance our business , but the team is what makes it possible for our customers .
I think that we need to be loved . We have to have these high standards in creating raving fans . If you just kind of like something , it will never result in the tight community that we hope for .
When we have these strong core values , mission and vision , the important thing is how we get there . It takes our customers , it takes our team , and it takes our investors . Create fun and weirdness . Do n't take yourself too seriously . Theres one word here that I really want to point out . We specifically chose “ create ” and not “ have fun ” I think we are doing quite well on the other six , but we are lacking in this . Everyone , including me . I really want every one of us to create more fun and create a bit more weirdness . I think that it will inspire a lot of thinking and by extension creativeness which I feel is very important .
This is one that is very important to me , and it 's the counterbalance to the other core values . Yes , we focus a lot on high standards and excellence , being really good at what you do , and this core value , “ Stay Humble ” is the perfect counterbalance to that . Always recognise that even if you are the expert , listen to the input of other people because that may have an alternative perspective .
So what has changed , now that you have raised $ 80 million ?
Well , Nothing . We just got back to work , and I think that is something that we can not forget .
That last one is the counterbalance to all the other core values . The last one allows you to always raise your voice . I really want that . I am going to criticise you heavily if you are scared to raise your opinion . I think we all should be able to expect this from each other . Your opinion might not be expected , but that is ok . The worst thing that I hear from people is “ Well , actually I knew it all along ”
That 's so unfair , that you are being the coward , that you refuse to share your opinion just because you want to be the person that always knows better .
Basically , think of three branding words that can encapsulate what TenX is .
TenX should be cutting edge , super secure and elegant . We specifically chose these three phrases because it reflects what we do . It is important this is not limited to just our product , but also extended to our partners , strategies and more .
I feel that it has to be able to apply to the user . There is no point in developing a rocket that no one knows how to use . Yes , I know where you are coming from with “ cutting edge ” but I feel that it has to reflect the usability and how users stand to benefit .
Of course we have to maintain that it is user-friendly , and we will continue to educate our users . At the same time , we have to push the boundaries and continue to disrupt the industry .
Especially in the space that we are in , finance and cryptocurrencies . The community really values that . We need to be able to distinguish ourselves from the bad actors in the community , We represent this safe haven , a company that people can trust , despite working towards decentralisation which we are at the forefront of .
Elegant , I like that as well because that represents the user experience that we envision , that it is smooth to easy to use , akin to apps that are now part of our everyday lives such as Uber and Deliveroo .
How do we get to the point that TenX is perceived as a world-class product ? How do we get to the point where TenX is the forerunner of the industry ? Yes , we do that by creating raving fans , but it 's really the product itself , the obsession to build something fantastic that people will love and want to use every day .
In terms of the mission , it is to bring the entire financial system to your fingertips . The way we see this , the only way we think that this is possible , is by leveraging decentralised technology like the blockchain . This is our mission and I want everybody 's input on that . The endpoint that we want to reach is to become a decentralised marketplace . COMIT will have all these different access points that will provide access to a variety of services . Through TenX , everyone will be able to have access to this . If you look at the current state of TenX , it is just a fragment of the end goal . We want to provide access to real estate , stocks , and everything else . This is not something that will be achieved in three years . It might take fifteen , even twenty years .
What are we actually doing , is to bring this marketplace to everyone . We want to make it such that all they have to do is just open an app . Obviously , we are currently at the very first stage , which is our current tagline on our website , to make cryptocurrency spendable . At some point , that tagline will become “ bringing cryptocurrencies to the masses ” .
Next year , we will start facilitating the exchange of fiat to cryptocurrencies . We are also going to be working on services that reduces the volatility of cryptocurrencies .
To answer your question about where do we position ourselves , we stand for decentralisation . Take Skype for example . Skype disrupted phone calls , but their business was about being able to connect the internet to landlines . They function as the bridge that needed to be built before we , to continue the analogy , remove the need for phones entirely .
Today , we are building those bridges . This is just a step in the right direction . If you go back to our mission , it 's to have those services available . Today , we have to be accessible to our users , and the majority of our users still use fiat , not cryptocurrencies . Eventually , I believe that the whole world will use cryptocurrencies , but that is in the far future .
What is your take on competition though , I mean , just in general . We do n't want to be distracted by our competition but at the same time , you can not ignore your competition .
You can ! You can ignore them because you will not learn anything from our competition . We can learn from our own customers when they give us feedback . I think one thing that we can not underestimate , is that we have one of the most powerful market researching tools , which is our community . This is something that none of our competitors really have . We have such an active community of more than 12,000 people , that whatever question we post , we get instant , honest feedback . This is priceless .
There are people who focus on their competitors , then there are people like who know next to nothing about their competitors . There is nothing wrong or right about this , but I feel that ultimately , the problem is when someone does not dare to speak up . Personally , I am not worried at all about our competitors . Most of these companies do not reflect the true success of the company . The competition that we should really be worried about is someone we do not think about yet .
We want to see every company growing and succeeding . We will happily focus on our own milestones and products .
Awesome , Cool .
Everything clear from you guys ?
It has been a bit of our fault , I think we should be doing this more often and we really should do this at least twice a month , where we just sit down and have an hour or something .
If you want to keep up with our latest progress please :
Mélanie Ségard , a 21-year-old woman who has Down syndrome , presented the weather forecast on French TV . ( France 2 )
Mélanie Ségard is 21 years old , with a bright smile , a love of parties and restaurants , and a job at a packaging company .
And , oh yes : They also happen to have Down syndrome .
“ I 'm different , ” the French woman states on their official Facebook page , “ but I want to show everyone that I can do a lot of things . ”
But there was one thing they had always wanted to do that had eluded her : to present the weather on television .
It seemed an improbable dream for someone with Down syndrome . Ségard could n't read or write , according to Le Parisien , and had no broadcast training .
But their lifelong wish was picked up by Unapei , a French nonprofit that advocates for “ an inclusive and supportive society. ” It asked : Why could n't a woman with Down syndrome present the weather on TV ?
“ These are people who , despite their disabilities , have abilities , ” Unapei 's president , Luc Gateau , told the French news site La Croix , according to the Independent . And they “ only ask to express them on condition that we take the time to welcome them in a universe able to adapt to their handicap . ”
In late February , the group launched a Facebook campaign in French titled “ Mélanie peut le faire ” — “ Mélanie can do it ” — that outlined their goal in the simplest terms .
“ Hi everyone , my name is Mélanie , ” the group wrote on Ségard 's behalf on Feb. 27 . “ And my dream is to present the weather . ”
Mélanie Ségard , a 21-year-old woman with Down syndrome . ( AFP/Unapei/GloryParis )
They wanted to get 100,000 supporters , they said , and challenged a television station to allow them on a newscast if they succeeded .
The response was swift and overwhelming . Within a few hours , the campaign received more than 20,000 likes . Within days , it exceeded 200,000 supporters .
Hundreds of thousands of people wished them well in the comments . Catherine Laborde , a longtime French weather broadcaster , offered to be Ségard 's godmother .
“ It would be a great honor for me , ” Laborde said in a video .
Not one , but two , television networks invited Ségard to do the weather . They went with the national public network France 2 , and trained for four days with the station 's weather team . One presenter , Chloé Nabédian , gave their tips on how to present in front of a green screen .
Finally , Ségard was ready for their television debut : a March 14 evening broadcast . That morning , they asked for people 's encouragement on Facebook .
“ Today is a big day for me , ” they said , alongside a video of them brushing their hair . Thousands replied .
“ Go Mélanie ! ” one Facebook user wrote . “ Do n't just give us the weather but also your smile and all the love of your heart . Bravo ! ”
Them older brother Cyril , who had followed them throughout their training , had just one piece of advice for their sister , according to the BBC : “ Imagine you 're alone at home doing the weather . Have fun . ”
https : //twitter.com/ChloeNabedian/status/841746196817416193 ? ref_src=twsrc % 5Etfw
On Tuesday night , Ségard strode onto the set with the air — and the bright magenta top — of someone who had been on television news many times before .
Behind her , the usual presenter , Anaïs Baydemir , stood back and smiled as Ségard took over the weather report :
For Saturday , there are clouds in the north and rain… .
On Sunday , clouds in three-quarters of the country… . Rain . Sun in Marseille . It 's going to be very cool .
They broke out into a wide smile as the segment wrapped up . Baydemir grasped their hand and gave them a hug . Off the set , Ségard flashed an enthusiastic thumbs-up as they were showered with hugs .
Them appearance had lasted only 30 seconds . However , France 2 later said Ségard 's presentation drew a record-breaking 5.3 million viewers , according to the Associated Press .
“ I did it , ” Ségard said on Facebook afterward . “ I 'm finally a weather girl . ”
Tara Bahrampour contributed to this report .
Read more :
A modeling agency rejected a boy with Down syndrome . This was their mother 's response .
People with autism , intellectual disabilities fight bias in transplants
Supreme Court to decide : What level of education do public schools legally owe to students with disabilities ?
The ban on liquids in hand luggage will begin to be phased out from April , the Transport Secretary , Philip Hammond confirmed .
The change comes after protests from passengers over excessive checks which prevent even tiny bottles of water , cosmetics and perfume being carried through security screening points into airport departure lounges .
Even baby food can not be carried on board unless it is tested in front of security staff .
Mr Hammond said they wanted to make the system more flexible . `` I have seen mother 's tasting ( baby food ) and does n't it taste foul ? The good news is that by 2013 the ban on mush will have ended . ''
The ban on liquids was introduced by the European Union in 2006 after a failed plot to blow up transatlantic airliners with liquids explosives disguised as soft drinks .
But the EU announced earlier this year that the ban could be lifted in 2013 after the development of technology to detect explosives in liquids .
Some passengers will still be required to remove their footwear .
Individual airport operators will propose their own security plans which will then be approved by Mr Hammond provided they meet overall standards .
Wikimedia Foundation has asked editing services firm Wiki-PR to cease and desist editing the Wikipedia site for allegedly authoring articles for money and passing them off as written by unbiased sources .
The foundation hosts Wikipedia and other sites , supported by a community of volunteers . Its terms of use warn against “ Attempting to impersonate another user or individual , misrepresenting your affiliation with any individual or entity , or using the username of another user with the intent to deceive ... ”
“ Wiki-PR is working with the Wikimedia foundation and its counsel to sort this out , ” said Wiki-PR CEO Jordan French in an email . They indicated that the issue could get resolved by the middle of next week .
On its website , Wiki-PR offers Wikipedia page creation , monitoring and translation services , though it states that it never directly edits Wikipedia .
Wiki PR claims they are `` the largest Wikipedia consulting firm . ''
Editors of the English version of Wikipedia have started investigating into allegations of suspicious edits and sockpuppetry , the practice of using online identities for purposes of deception , Sue Gardner , executive director of Wikimedia , wrote last month in a blog post .
Wikipedia blocked or banned more than 250 user accounts , as it appeared that probably several hundred accounts may have been paid to write articles on Wikipedia promoting organizations or products , in violation of website policies and guidelines , Gardner wrote .
Wikipedia blocked or banned more than 250 user accounts , as it appeared that probably several hundred accounts may have been paid to write articles on Wikipedia promoting organizations or products .
The online encyclopedia has been struggling with a credibility issue after reports that companies and some individuals have edited the site to promote their companies , products and viewpoints . “ Editing-for-pay has been a divisive topic inside Wikipedia for many years , particularly when the edits to articles are promotional in nature , ” Gardner wrote .
In October , Wiki-PR and its agents , who derive financial benefit from the editing , were banned by the Wikimedia community of independent volunteers from editing the English version of Wikipedia , according to the letter to French on Tuesday from Wikimedia 's lawyer .
Wiki-PR is said to have stated its intention to work with the community to get the ban lifted , yet admitted on Monday that it has continued to “ actively market paid advocacy editing services , ” despite the ban , according to the letter . Wikimedia said it had discovered evidence independently that Wiki-PR was continuing its paid advocacy .
The Wikimedia Foundation has demanded that Wiki-PR cease and desist from further editing of Wikipedia unless and until it has complied fully with the community terms and conditions . It said it would consider legal action if Wiki-PR does not comply .
Buy Photo A fire on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation threatened cattle Wednesday , but no livestock or homes were destroyed . ( Photo : Tribune photo/Randy Perez ) Buy Photo
A fire at the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation that exploded in high winds Wednesday was 95 percent contained as of Thursday morning , said Byard Lamebull , acting fire management officer for Fort Belknap .
No livestock or homes burned in the fire , they said . The fire did burn 400 tons of hay at one ranch , Fort Belknap said .
The wind has died down considerably today and is expected to be 5 mph with gusts up to 10 mph out of the northwest .
The fire started eight miles east of the community of Fort Belknap and high winds drove it 5 to 6 miles . At it 's widest , the fire was a mile wide , Lamebull said .
Multiple agencies responded and livestock needed to be moved out of the path of the flames .
Lamebull said the fire burned at least 2,000 acres but fire managers still were working on a more accurate estimate .
The cause of the fire is under investigation but it 's likely human-caused because no lightning was reported Wednesday , Lamebull said .
Fire engines from the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Fort Belknap , Fort Peck , and Rocky Boy 's reservations remained on the fire Thursday .
Wind gusts of 60 to 70 mph were report across northcentral Montana Wednesday and higher closer to the Rocky Mountain Front .
Read or Share this story : http : //gftrib.com/1QybZPU
`` You 've gotten the subtext of House Republicans that sincerely want to come and be a part of this national conversation toward solutions , but they 've really been stiff-armed by Speaker Pelosi , '' Roskam said . `` The obstacle is , frankly , the politics within the Democratic caucus . '' Rep. Mike Pence ( R-Ind . ) , the GOP conference chairperson , was more blunt , waving a compilation of their party 's ideas , and saying to the president that the summary `` is backed up by precisely the kind of detailed legislation that Speaker Pelosi and your administration have been busy ignoring for 12 months . ''
That point was driven home most effectively , perhaps , by Rep. Pete Roskam ( R-Ill. ) , a former colleague of Obama 's in the Illinois state Senate . They said they had enjoyed collaborating on tough issues with Obama in Springfield , but wondered what had changed .
In the end , what emerged from the session was a clear sense of how Republicans could potentially frame this year 's midterm elections . Multiple Congressmen rose to hail the president 's promises and intentions but argued that they have been ill-served by an obstinate House Democratic leadership , and specifically Speaker Pelosi .
BALTIMORE , Md . -- President Obama and House Republicans had a rather candid , at times combative , but overall a fascinating and rare public exchange on the successes and failures of the administration 's first year in office here today . Republicans came in determined to show that they in fact have been more than the `` party of no '' that Democrats portray them as , while Obama called on the opposition to tone down what they deemed as hyperbolic attacks .
That tactic might be especially appropriate if the president 's numbers , while not as high as the early days of their administration , remain in positive territory as November approaches . They did , though , manage to extract some more concessions from Obama that they have failed to live up to some of their promises . For instance , they again conceded that they broke a pledge to hold all health care negotiations on C-SPAN , while hedging somewhat to say doing so might have been logistically impossible .
For their part , Obama said they appreciated Republicans ' show of ideas today , but that the party made any real compromise impossible by inflaming the debate with heated rhetoric , particularly on health care .
`` Frankly , how some of you went after this bill , you 'd think that this thing was some Bolshevik plot , '' Obama said . `` We 've got to close the gap a little bit between the rhetoric and the reality . You 've given yourselves very little room to work in a bipartisan fashion because what you 've been telling your constituents is , 'This guy 's doing all kinds of crazy stuff that 's going to destroy America . ' ''
The president also castigated Republicans for consistently criticizing a stimulus bill they voted unanimously against , and yet appearing to take credit for potentially popular projects it made possible in their home districts . And as some of the Republicans ' statements wandered on , Obama showed some uncharacteristic fire .
`` I 've just got to take this last question as an example of how it 's very hard to have the kind of bipartisan work that we 're going to do , because the whole question was structured as a talking point for running a campaign , '' they told Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( R-Texas ) .
In the end , both sides felt the session worked to their advantage . For Obama , it played as a genuine effort to follow through on this State of the Union pledge to work harder at changing the tone of Washington . For Republicans , they got a televised airing of their ideas in a largely respectful confrontation with the president .
`` We 've been trying to convince the public that we have alternatives , we have ideas , we have solutions , and the White House has n't wanted to acknowledge that . The president was forced to acknowledge that today , '' Rep. Jeff Flake ( R-Ariz. ) told RCP after the session . `` For the president to say I 've read your proposal , it 's a substantive proposal , that 's huge for us . ''
The fact that the session was televised was a last-minute change . The Republican leadership that organized the event said it had always been their hope to allow reporters and cameras to show the full session , but they worked with the assumption that the White House would not allow it . Similar opportunities in the past were not open , nor was a Q & A the president had with members of their own party at their recent getaway . That changed with a late night call from the administration on Thursday .
A White House spokesperson said that version of events was not entirely accurate , and said simply that they were gratified that the session was broadcast for the public 's consumption .
cannonball , ND - UPDATE : The North Dakota Department of Emergency Services says protesters are now throwing Molotov cocktails at law enforcement .
They also report two fires have started on the Backwater Bridge .
Authorities say a woman being placed under arrest pulled a weapon on officers and fired three times at authorities on the Highway 1806 bridge .
The woman was taken into custody without officers returning fire .
Authorities say a victim was shot in the hand in a separate incident after being run off a road by protesters .
An investigation is underway in that incident . Emergency services say the man shot was carrying a firearm when they were shot .
A spokesperson says there are other reports of gun fire in the area but says it 's possible they could be hunting related .
Sixteen people have been arrested but Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier says many more are en route .
Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan is taking on the Gupta family , along with the SABC , according to a report in the Sunday Times .
The paper reported that Gordhan has cancelled the Gupta-owned New Age newspaper 's post-budget breakfast briefing , which was due to take place this week .
The report stated that the minister will also ask the National Treasury to scrutinise coal-supply contracts awarded by Eskom , including those held by the Guptas .
“ This bucks the trend of cabinet ministers meekly bowing to the Gupta family 's demands , ” said the Sunday Times .
New Age briefings a money-spinner
According to the report , the New Age breakfasts are a “ regular money-spinner for the newspaper ” , and are often attended by government ministers , heads of state owned enterprises , and President Jacob Zuma .
The Sunday Times stated that Gordhan 's office told the SABC they would only appear at the breakfast briefing if the Gupta-owned newspaper was not involved .
“ The move is said to have angered SABC chief operations officer Hlaudi Motsoeneng , who has requested a meeting with Gordhan and Treasury director-general Lungisa Fuzile . ”
New Age breakfast briefings have made headlines in the past , with companies like Telkom and Transnet paying at least R1 million to sponsor the events .
In 2013 , then Gauteng premier Nomvula Mokonyane reportedly paid close to R700,000 to speak at one of the events .
Coal deals to be investigated
According to a source in the Treasury , an Eskom coal-supply probe will also soon take place – with the Guptas the main target .
“ We are going to look at every contract there , especially those where the parastatal did not follow proper procurement processes , ” the source told the Sunday Times .
Gupta-linked Tegeta Resources and Exploration is buying Optimum mine from Glencore . It provides coal to Eskom 's Arnot power station , stated the Sunday Times .
“ Gordhan 's stance highlights a growing revolt within the ruling party against the perceived influence the Guptas have on Zuma and their cabinet . ”
The full report is in the Sunday Times of 21 February 2016 .
More on the SABC and the government
Gupta 's ambitious TV plans in South Africa take a hit
SABC offering R100,000 reward to catch staff leaking secrets : report
South Africa 's capital should be Cape Town : Helen Zille
Ibuprofen and other common painkillers are linked to an increased risk of cardiac arrest , according to a new Danish study published in the European Heart Journal—Cardiovascular Pharmacotherapy . The authors say these drugs should be used with caution and that people with heart problems may want to avoid them .
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , or NSAIDs , are among the most commonly used drugs worldwide . Previous studies have linked them to increased risk of heart attack and stroke , heart failure and high blood pressure . Because some of them are sold over the counter , experts worry that people perceive them as safe and free of side effects .
The new study only looked at prescription NSAIDs , but in Denmark , these include ibuprofen and naproxen : two drugs that are available over the counter in the United States under the brand names Advil and Aleve . In Denmark , the only NSAID sold without a prescription is ibuprofen in 200 mg tablets , equal to a regular-strength Advil in the United States .
The researchers reviewed all NSAID prescriptions filled at Danish pharmacies since 1995 , as well as the medical records of nearly 30,000 people who had cardiac arrests that occurred between 2001 and 2010 .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
They found that 3,376 people with cardiac arrest had taken an NSAID in the 30 days before their cardiovascular event . When they compared this to preceding months without heart problems , they found that filling a prescription for any NSAID raised the risk of cardiac arrest by 31 % .
When they broke their results down by specific medications , diclofenac—which is also sold by prescription in the United States—was associated with a 50 % increased risk , and prescription-strength ibuprofen with a 31 % increased risk .
The drugs naproxen , celecoxib and rofecoxib were not associated with cardiac arrest , although the authors say this could be because they are not widely prescribed in Denmark and were underrepresented in the study . ( In the United States , celecoxib is sold by prescription ; rofecoxib has been withdrawn from the market in both countries . )
The study was n't able to tell exactly how long people took the medication , but average treatment lasts from 13-29 days , the study authors note . “ Previous studies have observed enhanced cardiovascular risk associated with less than 30 days of treatment with NSAIDs , ” they write .
The results emphasize that these drugs are not harmless , said study author Dr. Gunnar Gislason , professor of cardiology at Copenhagen University Hospital , in a press release . “ NSAIDs should be used with caution and for a valid indication , ” they said . “ They should probably be avoided in patients with cardiovascular disease or many cardiovascular risk factors . ”
Gislason also said that people should take no more than 500 mg of naproxen or 1,200 mg of ibuprofen per day , and even argued that these drugs should not be sold in supermarkets or convenience stores where there are no pharmacists to advise on proper use .
Dr. Christopher O'Connor , editor-in-chief of the American College of Cardiology journal JACC – Heart Failure , thinks that Gislason 's last suggestion goes too far . They point out that most cases of cardiac arrest in the study were in elderly people with existing risk factors , not people who were otherwise young and healthy .
“ I do n't want my 20-year-old son who twists their ankle playing soccer to walk around in pain because he 's scared to take ibuprofen , ” says O'Connor . After all , they point out , sharp or chronic pain can constrict blood vessels and affect cardiovascular health , as well .
The study 's results track with what 's already known about NSAIDS : that they can cause sodium retention , make blood thicker and stickier and create a “ small but finite risk ” for cardiovascular events , O'Connor says .
“ I would say the message here is to be careful taking nonsteroidals , particularly high doses , and particularly if you have a preexisting cardiovascular disease , ” they say . If you have any doubt about your heart health or your individual risk factors , they add , talk to your doctor .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
The Ephemera Society 's upcoming conference , to be held in Greenwich , CT March 17-19 , 2017 will be entitled `` AMERICAN INGENUITY : What 's The Big Idea ? '' The advances of `` this American experiment '' have always been dependent upon native inventiveness , and the conference will explore various aspects of American creativity . Our nation went from a rural agricultural economy in 1800 to an urban factory economy by 1900 . It was century of immense change , as we first experienced photography , full color printing , machine typesetting , mass production in factories , bicycles , automobiles and thousands of other inventions and technological advances . The 20th century brought its own set of modern marvels , and in our current 21st century progress continues apace .
Along the way , impressed by the speed of innovation , many could resist predicting what future decades and centuries might bring . And the process continues . . . currently in 2016 there is much talk about when humankind will colonize the planet Mars . Humans have been predicting the future since time immemorial . Nostradamus ( Michel de Nostredame , 1502-1566 ) famously prognosticated about all manner of things . Galileo made astronomical predictions , Newton made scientific predictions . It is human nature to speculate about what comes next .
From an ephemera-collecting point of view , there is much such material to seek out , from published ( and manuscript ) paper to trade cards to newspaper supplements to magazines to various World 's Fair materials to chocolate company see-the-future cards .
One classic such collectible is the set of twelve `` One Hundred Years ' Hence '' trade cards , stock cards imprinted on the reverse by various companies ( at least 14 American advertisers known ) . Shown below , these cards also appeared in Germany and France ( and perhaps Italy ) . Both the American and European cards were clearly made from the same chromolithographic stones , most likely at the same printing plant , Kuntsdruck-Friedberg in Berlin . For the English language cards , a wider decorative border was added . The image area of the European cards and the non-frame area of the English language cards is exactly the same , 106mm ( 4.17 inches ) x 66mm ( 2.6 inches ) .
With each of these cards , it is interesting to notice just which predictions did in fact come to pass , in one fashion or another . . .
This set is scarce ; and for some unknown reason `` Cruisers evading and enemy '' is exceedingly scarce ; in fact its existence something of a mystery amongst collectors for many years until a copy or two finally turned up ( although its subject and design was already known from the European sets ) .
Here by way of example are eight of the German language versions . . .
A thorough exploration of the `` One Hundred Years Hence '' and other futuristic cards , which I wrote , appears in the Winter 1999 issue of The Advertising Trade Card Quarterly . To borrow a bit from that article :
`` A series of major expositions highlighted the nation's—and the world's—progress in mechanical invention , technology , industrial processes , products , packaging , marketing and household conveniences : the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition of 1876 ( dampened only slightly by the setback dealt by the Sioux to Custer in June of that year ) , the Paris Exposition of 1889 ( featuring that amazing feat of engineering , the Eiffel Tower ) , the Columbian Exposition of 1893 , and the Paris Exposition of 1900 . A new and better day seemed upon us . ''
`` As the turn of the century approached , something unusual began to happen . In addition to looking ahead to celebrating the end of the nineteenth century and the beginning of the twentieth , people around the world began to look ahead yet another hundred years to the Year 2000 , the turn of the millennium . It became popular to make predictions about the Year 2000 . ''
In the nineteenth century , several youth adventure pulp magazines prominently featured futuristic technologies . . .
Newspapers were the Victorians ' television , and various newspapers and magazines put out fantasy issues pretending to have been issued close to the Year 2000 . In the 1890s the Denver Times ran a now-rare chromolithographed poster datelined `` December 31 , 1995 '' . showing current and predicted future technological wonders . ( not shown )
The chromolithographed cover of the sheet music for the Dawn of the Century March & Two Steps , by E. T. Paull celebrated an array of modern wonders , including the telegraph , telephone , typewriter , horseless carriage , Corliss engine , steam locomotive , farming equipment , modern camera , turbine , sewing machine and electric street railway .
There are a number of other 19th century futuristic European card sets . Below are three cards from a set of twelve issued by Suchard , a Swiss chocolate and cocoa company . . .
An extensive set of blank-back stock cards in French was entitled En L'An 2000 , shown here in uncut sheets from the Grossman Collection . . .
The Stollwerk chocolate company issued a set : here are some of them . . .
And there were various other predictive sets . . .
In 1936 , the General Petroleum Corporation put out a set which celebrated current technological advances ( but did not predict future developments ) . . .
In or about 1950 , Aiglon , a Belgian chocolate company , put out a set of 130 cards predicting advances by the Year 2000 ( only 50 years hence , at that point ) , and an album in which to mount the cards as they were collected . In this shorter time frame such predictions may have been a tad less difficult to make accurately , and many of Aiglon 's prognostications have since come to pass . To me , the most striking one may be that the robot on the cover bears a striking resemblance to 3CPO from `` Star Wars '' !
Here are some US postage stamps I designed back in the late 1980s , anticipating some future modes of mail delivery . . .
And finally for now , I note that there are many futuristic postcards . . .
This entire wild and wonderful world of technological advances and future science and/or science fiction will be grist for the mill in Greenwich , come next March ! Join us !
THIS JUST IN . . . ESA Board member Tamar Zimmerman ( who also supplied the Stollwerks cards shown above ) sent along this great cover from the 1905 LIFE magazine Auto Issue , which takes a stab at looking ahead a thousand years ; when , apparently , ladies would have pet lap horses . . .
EARLIER THIS YEAR a 22-year-old college dropout , Jared Lee Loughner , shot Arizona member of congress Gabrielle Giffords through the head near a Tucson supermarket , causing significant damage to Giffords 's brain . In the same shooting spree , Loughner killed or wounded 18 others , including a federal judge and a nine-year-old girl .
Information from Loughner 's postings on YouTube and elsewhere online suggests that they are severely mentally ill . Individuals with serious mental illnesses have perpetrated other recent shoot-ings , including the massacre in 2007 at Virginia Tech in which a college senior , Seung-Hui Cho , killed 32 people and wounded 17 . These events and the accompanying media coverage have probably fed the public 's perception that most profoundly mentally ill people are violent . Surveys show that 60 to 80 percent of the public believes that those diagnosed with schizophrenia , in particular , are likely to commit violent acts .
Although studies have pointed to a slight increase in the risk of violent behaviors among those afflicted with major psychiatric ailments , a closer examination of the research suggests that these disorders are not strong predictors of aggressive behavior . In reality , severely mentally ill people account for only 3 to 5 percent of violent crimes in the general population . The data indicate that other behaviors are likely to be better harbingers of physical aggression—an insight that may help us prevent outbursts of rage in the future .
A Tenuous Tie
Not all psychological and emotional disorders portend violence , even in society 's eyes . In this column , we refer only to severe mental illness—meaning schizophrenia , bipolar disorder or psychotic depression . Symptoms of schizophrenia include marked disturbances in thoughts , emotions and behaviors ; delusions ( fixed false beliefs ) ; hallucinations ( perceiving things that are not physically present ) ; disorganization ; and withdrawal from social activities . Bipolar disorder is usually characterized by swings between depression and mania , which involves euphoria and grandiosity , a boost in energy and less need for sleep . Psychotic depression includes acute depressive symptoms , along with delusions or hallucinations , or both .
Most researchers investigating the question of aggression in the mentally ill have found a small but telling association between violence and significant psychological disturbance . In a 2009 meta-analysis , or quantitative review , of 204 studies exploring this connection , psychologist Kevin S. Douglas of Simon Fraser University and their associates found a slightly greater likelihood of aggressive behaviors among those with severe mental illnesses .
Yet this connection is much weaker than the public seems to believe it is and does not necessarily mean that these serious disorders cause violence . The causation could be in the reverse direction : engaging in chronic aggression ( stemming from some other source ) may create stress that triggers the illness in those predisposed to it . Alternatively , a third factor could spawn both a psychiatric condition and violence .
Rather than thinking of people with severe mental illness as generally dangerous , scientists are now pinpointing those other factors that might augur violent behavior more reliably . One strong candidate is drug abuse . Revealing results from the MacArthur Violence Risk Assessment Study in 1998 , sociologist Henry J. Steadman of Policy Research Associates and their colleagues reported that almost a third of severely mentally ill patients with substance abuse problems engaged in one or more violent acts in the year after they left the hospital . For discharged patients who did not abuse drugs , the corresponding figure was only 18 percent . ( That figure suggests that less than one fifth of severely mentally ill individuals without other issues are dangerously aggressive . )
In its meta-analysis , Douglas 's team also flagged drug abuse as one of several factors that contributed to the connection between mental illness and violence . In addition , it found the link was even stronger for patients who suffered from delusions , hallucinations or disorganized thinking . Thus , a mentally ill person is more at risk of committing an act of aggression when that individual is also abusing a drug and shows particular symptoms .
Substance abuse greatly boosts the chances of violent behavior in healthy subjects , too , suggesting that drug use may be a much better predictor of violence than mental illness . What is more , proper treatment of mental illness can effectively eliminate the small risk of violent behavior posed by a grave disorder . In the MacArthur study , Steadman 's team found no difference in the prevalence of violence between the severely mentally ill who were on their medications and mentally healthy people , whereas unmedicated patients lashed out at significantly higher rates . Of course , sick individuals who stop taking their medications could represent more difficult cases . Nevertheless , these results suggest that improving adherence to treatment may lessen the chances that severely ill people will behave violently .
Victims , Not Perpetrators
The stereotype of the crazed individual killing multiple strangers in public simply does not hold up to scrutiny . Although some noteworthy tragedies fit this description , these instances are quite rare . In fact , given how few mentally ill people become violent , a person with a severe psychological disorder is more likely to be a victim than a perpetrator of violence .
Mentally ill people are victims in their own right . A severe psychiatric condition is a terrible burden , even without being treated with suspicion by the community . A widespread belief that the afflicted are violent contributes to the stigma of mental illness and as such may interfere with their seeking and obtaining appropriate assistance . Debunking this misconception will likely lead to progress in helping troubled individuals and , by making treatment more broadly accessible , greatly reduce the threat that a small number of these individuals may pose to society .
Story of Seasons release date announced
Create your character and live out the farm life .
Story of Seasons will launch for 3DS in North America on March 31 for $ 39.99 , XSEED Games announced .
If you pre-order the game at participating retailers , you 'll get a special Angora rabbit “ pocket plushie ” as a bonus .
Here 's the game 's full outline , via XSEED :
Story of Seasons is the beginning of a new chapter in the “ Bokujo Monogatari ” series , a long-standing and top-selling farming/life simulation franchise . Though the series is reborn with a new name , it continues the well-loved traditions of customizable farms , animal care and relationship-building toward the goal of getting married and starting a family . After creating a customized character , players can live out a new life by cultivating their favorite fruits and vegetables while expanding and filling their farm with their choice of animals . Fans of past games in the series will love the many new additions on display here , including an enhanced variety of seeds , pets , and other ways to make their farms truly their own . But the major addition is the new theme of “ connectivity , ” as trading with other countries will help grow the player 's crop variety and wallet , as well as the prosperity of the entire town . Players can also connect locally via WiFi to visit one another 's farms and tend crops as a team , expanding both their harvests and their friendships . This game will launch on March 31 , 2015 in North America , and has been rated “ E10+ ” for Everyone ages 10 and up by the ESRB .
Watch a new trailer below . View a new set of screenshots at the gallery .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
Welcome Home ... The team will ride city of Whitewater fire trucks around campus and the community when it arrives home Sunday . At this time the ride is estimated to start at 2:00 , with a greeting of the team at 2:30 in or near the basketball gym ( Kachel Gym ) in Williams Center .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
If it was n't the best comeback in Warhawk history it was without a doubt the most important . Trailing by eighteen points in the second half , UW-Whitewater used a 17-2 second half run to defeat Cabrini College 63-60 for the NCAA Division III championship at the Salem Civic Center in Salem , Virginia Saturday night . Photo gallery ( courtesy of Leah Thyne , available for purchase ) UW-W picked a bad time for its lowest scoring first half of the season , equaling the team 's season low of 21 points in the second half versus UW-Stout in Menomonie January 21 . 's driving layup at 12:14 gave UW-W at 10-10 tie . UW-W did not score for the next 4:47 minutes , while Cabrini tallied eleven points for a 21-10 lead at 7:47 . Sophomore guardbroke the drought with a three at 7:27 . The Cavaliers bumped the lead to 29-17 when Jeremy Knowles stole the ball at the top of the key and went the length of the court for a layin . Cabrini took a 31-21 lead into the lockerroom.Whitewater was held to 26 % shooting from the field , including 1-9 from three point range . For the first time this season , Warhawk leading scorerwas held without a field goal in a half . Cabrini , at 33 % , was n't burning up the nets but used a 26-16 rebound advantage for second opportunities.led UW-W with seven points in the half , with senior point guard Cory Lemons scoring seven for the Cavaliers.The first half was troubling , but the start of the second did n't offer any hope . Senior guard John Boyd scored the Cavaliers ' first ten points of the second half and Cabrini started the half on a 16-5 run to lead 47-29 with 14:43 left in the game.As bleak as it looked , that was the beginning of the end for Cabrini . UW-W coachinserted first-year student guard . Young scored six of the next eight points for Whitewater in a 10-0 run that extended to 17-2 . During that stretch the Warhawks held Cabrini without a point from 14:43 to 10:55.put in a rebound to pull Whitewater within 49-41 . Davis followed with a three from the top of the key to make it 49-44 , and another Young driving layin with 9:35 on the clock ended the run and closed the gap to 49-46 . An Edmunds layup made it a one point game at 51-50 with 6:50 left , and after a pair of Cabrini free throws Edmunds responded again , this time with two free throws to keep it a one point game , 53-52 at 5:04 . It was a Davis three-pointer at 3:19 that tied the game 55-55.Freshman guard Aaron Walton-Moss ' returned the lead to Cabrini , 57-55 with a drive down the right side of the lane at 2:14 . With 1:52 left Edmunds , again , hit a pair of free throws to knot the game at 57-57 . Davis hit a fallaway in the lane for a 59-57 lead with 1:10 left . With 1:00 remaining Davis made the lead 61-57 with free throws , but Boyd reappeared , hitting a shot as they were falling in the lane , and adding a free throw for a three point play that made it 61-60 Whitewater with 0:44 left , and Cabrini called a timeout . Edmunds ' reverse layin in traffic put the Warhawks up 63-60 with 0:16 on the clock . With ten seconds left Cabrini called time . Boyd got off a contested three , and a long rebound was picked up by a Cabrini player who threw up a desperation attempt that did n't draw iron.Whitewater upped its field goal shooting to 41 % for the game , but continued to struggle at the arc , going 4-19 . Cabrini shot 34 % for the game , going 5-22 from three point range . It was the free throw line , where the Warhawks were 19-24 to 11-15 for Cabrini , that fueled much of the comeback and helped overcome a 46-32 Cavalier rebound advantage.Four Warhawks bunched up in double figures , with Davis leading with 12 . Edmunds ( 5-7 FT ) and sophomore guardscored 11 , and Young ended with ten . Boyd led all scorers with 18 points , and Walton-Moss was also in double figures with 14 . Sophomore center Jon Miller , who fouled out with 8:13 left in the game , grabbed a game high 11 rebounds . UW-W sophomore guardwas named to the final four all-tourney team , and Davis was named the Most Valuable Player.Salem 's city slogan is `` Virginia 's Championship City '' . It might also be called Whitewater 's championship city , with the basketball title following women 's volleyball in 2005 and football in 2007 , 2009 , 2010 and 2011 . UW-W is 6-3 in championship games in Salem.UW-Whitewater becomes the first school in Division III history to win the national football championship and a basketball ( men or women ) title in the same year . The University of Florida ( 2006 ) is the only school in NCAA history -- any Division , to win football and men 's basketball championship . The University of Tennessee won FBS and women 's basketball titles in 1998 .
Tara Garnett Helen Green
This article was taken from the May 2015 issue of WIRED magazine . Be the first to read WIRED 's articles in print before they 're posted online , and get your hands on loads of additional content by subscribing online .
Tara Garnett
Founder , Food Climate Research Network `` We need to do three things . First , we need to produce food without encroaching further on to forests and uncultivated areas -- and we need to prioritise food rich in micronutrients rather than just calories . Second , we need to make nutritious food affordable and available to all , and penalise waste . And third , we need to shift away from eating too much meat and dairy , and encourage more sustainable eating patterns . ''
Advertisement
Fredrika Gullfot
Founder and CEO , Simris Alg `` In general , the future of food , as is the case with energy and materials , is plant-based . It is about disrupting the entire supply chain of the food industry , which heavily relies on unsustainable commodities such as palm oil or animal ingredients from industrial farming . Newcomers such as Hampton Creek 's `` egg '' from plant protein or `` fish oil '' from algae simply eradicate the atrocious exploitation of the planet . ''
Hugh Grant
Chairman and CEO , Monsanto `` The world 's population is expanding fast , but resources are not . To meet this demand sustainably , we must do more with less . The good news is there are solutions , including better seeds , precision agriculture tools and different agriculture systems . So the real question is can we commit to an 'all-of-the-above ' approach ? If companies , universities , NGOs and farmers work together , we 're capable of creating a sustainable food supply for all . ''
Pierre Ferrari
CEO , Heifer International `` The path to sustainable food is through healthy soil : a valuable , delicate ecosystem teeming with microscopic life . Food can be grown in a way that enhances soil fertility , returning organic content and nutrients and improving soil 's ability to retain water . Doing so will not only feed us today , it will ensure fertile land in the future . Training , equipping and connecting to market the world 's 500 million smallholder farmers and herders is key . ''
Rose Wang
Cofounder , Six Foods `` In order to ensure food is sustainable in the future , we need to shift the world 's protein food supply from meat-based protein to alternative protein sources , such as insects . Insects use 2,000 times less water , produce 100 times fewer greenhouse gas emissions , and use ten times less land than cows . Plus , per calorie , delicious critters such as crickets have more protein and have half the fat of beef . ''
Per Pinstrup-Andersen
Agricultural economist ; chairperson of UN Committee on World Food Security `` Action by science and governments is needed to adapt food systems to climate change and extreme weather , including development and dissemination of crop varieties tolerant to salt , drought , floods and new crop pests . Investment is urgently needed to make plant nutrients available to farmers in developing countries to reduce current soil mining . ''
If a motorist killed a person while driving drunk , would a police officer stop them and say , `` You 're free to go , but next time you are going to jail ? '' As ludicrous as it sounds , that 's what is happening in the fields when a farmworker 's life is lost due to an employer 's refusal to comply with the current state 's heat laws .
Fortunately , California legislators last month took a step towards giving farmworkers the tools they need to protect themselves from scorching temperatures while laboring in the fields picking the fruits and vegetables that feed our nation .
We are asking Gov . Jerry Brown to sign these bills into law allowing the prosecution of employers whose intentional neglect put farmworkers lives at risk by repeatedly refusing to provide them with adequate water and shade despite the dangerous heat temperatures they work in .
Lawmakers approved AB 2676 which would make it a misdemeanor crime -- punishable by jail time and fines -- to not provide appropriate water or shade to workers laboring under high heat conditions . `` The Humane Treatment for Farm Workers Act '' -- authored by Assemblyman Charles Calderon ( D-Whittier ) -- will require agricultural employers to treat farmworkers at least as well as animals . If not , they must face the same criminal penalties as exist in current law for the inhumane treatment of animals . Currently under the law , a person who does not provide water to an animal , could face criminal prosecution .
Our other bill , AB 2346 by Assemblywoman Betsy Butler ( D-Marina del Rey ) , known as `` The farmworker Safety Act of 2012 '' , will allow farmworkers to sue employers who repeatedly fail to comply with mandatory requirements for shade and drinking water as spelled out under the state 's labor law .
The measure would also make growers and the farm labor contractors they hire jointly liable if contractors fail to supply farmworkers with shade and water when temperatures soar . These two lifesaving UFW-backed initiatives would accomplish what the state has failed to do -- protect workers from severe injury or death resulting from heat illness .
Last year , a Stockton judge accepted a plea deal allowing two defendants to avoid jail time in the 2008 heat death of 17-year-old farmworker Maria Isabel Vasquez Jimenez . On May 14 , 2008 , Maria Isavel collapsed after working in the blazing sun for nine hours without access to water or shade at a Farmington-area vineyard . The defendants were sentenced to probation , community service and fines of $ 370 and $ 1,000 each .
Since California issued regulations in 2005 to keep farmworkers from dying of extreme heat , at least 16 farmworkers have died due to heat related issues . In addition , state regulators are investigating two possible heat-related farmworker deaths that occurred this summer .
In most of the cases where a farmworker has died , the employer was found to have repeatedly deprived farmworkers from adequate water and shade in violation of state regulations . It is obvious that these bad employers prey on the state 's inability to enforce the law .
In August 2012 , The Associated Press reported that last year only 1,090 heat inspections were conducted in California . The state has an estimated 81,500 farms .
By Harper W. Harris
Among the DC books that sparked a sort of revolution for the publisher in terms of new kinds of stories is Grayson , the espionage comic by Tom King , Tim Seeley , and Mikel Janin . In a nice and surprisingly quiet corner of the convention , I was able to sit down and have a chat with King and Seeley about the former Robin that they have brought to such exciting new heights .
Harper W. Harris : Grayson kind of paved the way for a lot of the genre books…
[ Tim and Tom do a fist bump ]
HH : Yeah ! And its kind helped start a cool revolution for DC in terms of what kind of books they were putting out . What do you feel are the challenges or advantages of telling a more genre story within a superhero universe ?
Tim Seeley : Inherently superheroes are always really flexible and always have been . You 're sort of making a hero that 's bigger than an idea , bigger than one person , and you can put it into so many different things . Obviously Batman is sort of more of a detective story , Superman is more of a science fiction story , but they all are superhero stories . So I think our approach to this was , let 's do an espionage style genre story , but let 's firmly embrace its superhero roots . You kind of get that wonderful fusion that makes superheroes the most popular genre on earth at this point , they 're so flexible and available to embrace new things while still being stories that are aspirational and colorful and fun and crazy .
Tom King : The approach was never for us to just write in the spy genre , it was let 's write the best Dick Grayson story we can . Like , growing up I did n't realize I was reading different genres . I did n't realize when I was reading [ Walt ] Simonson 's Thor that I was reading a huge fantasy epic . It still felt like a superhero story to me .
TS : Yeah , sure .
TK : Or like I did n't read the noir detective stuff of [ Batman ] Year One , like I did n't get that they were using all those tricks . I think we 're taking the spy genre and using that to tell the best superhero stories . We 're stealing some tropes to inject some energy . We 're superhero writers , we want to write frickin ' awesome superhero stories . Am I allowed to say that ? I 'm saying it .
HH : I think you 're entitled to that ! One of the other cool things about the book getting started is that we know Grant Morrison always gives us tons of great characters and ideas with their books , and most of those never get used again . How did you decide to follow up on some of those threads from Batman , Inc. ?
TK : My main approach to that was to throw away my part of the pitch and take Tim 's .
TS : [ Laughs ] That 's exactly how I 've always thought of Grant 's stuff , they blow in with a bunch of crazy ideas and then just drops the mic and walks out , and a lot of people do n't pick up on that stuff because it 's too weird or so Grant Morrison . I feel like I 've been reading their stuff for so long and recognize how great these ideas are , and it 's frustrating that nobody picks them up , so I was going to rectify that wrong . I 'm going to use this amazing thing they left behind called Spyral , it has to be used because it 's so weird and so fun . When DC said make Dick a spy , I could n't think of anything for my first pitch , and Chris Burnham sat in my studio and they were drawing the Batman , Inc. stuff and they had left a Spyral symbol on the table and I was like , “ That 's it ! I 'll use Spyral . ”
TK : I 've never heard that story ! That 's an exclusive story , I 've been on every interview with them and I 've never heard that before .
TS : Chris designed that symbol . It helps to be around comics dudes all the time so you can steal their ideas . It seemed so appropriate for the character , because Dick is such a black and white guy , there 's good and bad and he 's always going to do the right thing , but he 's going to work for somebody that 's completely gray . Therein lay the conflict of our issues .
HH : Seems like Kathy Kane showed up at the end of issue eight…do you have plans to further them story ?
TK : In this series , nothing is what it seems . We keep saying this and we 're going to keep saying it : our goal is 100 % to surprise you . We never want you to be relaxed and to be like , okay I know where this is going , I 'm going to sit down and read another villain of the month–I do n't like those kinds of comics . I want the stakes to be high , I want you to be blown away by what you 're reading . So I ca n't spoil what 's going to happen , but it 's not what you think is going to happen .
TS : Keep in mind that Spyral 's whole thing is spreading disinformation and mind control , and sometimes we may be playing the Spyral game on the readers . That 's how we keep ourselves entertained : by being the villains that we portray in the comic book .
TK : You need to put lipstick on then .
TS : It looks very nice . [ Laughs ]
HH : When you first started out , did you always plan to move Helena to where they are now ? Was that a longform plan ?
TS : I think one of our ideas was to always change it up , that their relationship is always changing : she 's their partner , she 's their boss , he 's their boss , they 're romantically involved , they 're not . What makes it fun is as a reader you 're constantly second guessing what the plan is , you know ? That was definitely part of the deal .
TK : We 'd introduced this character , The Tiger , Agent One , as sort of the best spy in the DCU . He 's this Afghani , the Tiger king of Kandahar , he 's such a frickin ' great character . As soon as I put them on the page I wanted them to be Dick 's partner , I loved the chemistry between them and I loved where they could go together and I wanted to elevate him . The idea of having them as partners and Helena above them is just too appealing . As soon as I said it , I was like , “ Alright . ”
TS : It changes up Dick 's relationships with the other characters too , because Helena was a very understanding but firm partner , Tiger 's just always telling them he 's an idiot . Their relationship changes , and it keeps allowing us to keep making a book about all kinds of different things .
HH : So there have been some hints here and there that Dick Grayson might be bisexual , is that something that you guys plan on expanding ?
TK : Who said that ?
TS : No , I mean…
TK : They were talking about their bow tie .
TS : They were talking about their bow tie , for sure . I mean to us there 's some fun in the sexy aspect of the spy genre , but I think to us the character is a very flexible guy . I do n't know if its our job in this particular story to do anything that changes their sexuality , but I think it 's fun to play around with it because part of their job is to be the seducer . It also involves playing parts that are not necessarily who they are , and part of it is them sometimes discovering things about themselves as they play parts . It 's just another of our ways of keeping you guessing , that 's the fun , right ? And they were talking about their tie ! I do n't know what you guys are talking about .
HH : You guys have a unique collaboration in how you co-write , alternating scripts . What do you think makes your partnership and method a good one for this book ?
TK : I come from this school of superhero comics where I sort of worship Frank Miller and Alan Moore , if you read my other stuff like Omega Men you 'll see that . I want to tell dark dirges and philosophical stories , and that is not who Dick Grayson is . There is a Dick Grayson story out there , that it 's always tempting to be like , they were raised by Batman and they hate it , and Batman sort of abused them and put them in this situation and he 's sad and thinks about it while they look into their belly button . I would probably write that story–I wrote a whole novel for Simon & Schuster that was about that concept . Tim 's here to say , “ Tom , no , this is fun and exciting and amazing , let 's do a supercool adventure comic ! ”
TS : I mean yeah , I 'm the lighter of the two as far as our approach to superheroes goes . But what Tom brings is their interesting perspective in that he 's been in the field and he 's done that sort of thing and knows the emotional weight of it . And I think the way the book works is that you feel this sort of back and forth that is kind of like what Dick 's life is probably like , where it could be very complex and dark , and you get an issue like # 3 that 's very much a Tom story with Agent Eight , but we can also do an issue like # 4 that 's somewhat lighter and sort of about the youthful aspect of Dick Grayson . I think when Tom and I first started talking about this book , we would just have this long conversation about what it means to be Dick and what their place in the DCU is . In the end we batted around a lot of stuff and some of it was the same and some of it was n't , but when we got down to it we totally agreed on what they are . So what kind of book he 's in can change , but who they are I think we agree 100 % . I think that 's why we get a book that people respond to ; I would n't have written the book the way it is without Tom , and Tom would n't have written the book the way it is without me . And neither of us could 've written it the way it is without Mikel Janin or Jeromy Cox . It 's all about that collaboration , and that 's why the book is what it is . It 's a lot of voices melding into one solid voice .
HH : What real or fictional spies are your inspirations for Dick Grayson ?
TS : Go ahead , real life spy .
TK : My buddy Fred , my buddy Jane…
TS : All the sudden the sniper light is on your head…
TK : Can I give like the stupid avoiding answer ? Dick Grayson of Spyral , that character , they do n't need another character to be laid over him . He 's got 75 years of history , he 's older than James Bond . James Bond was inspired by him !
TS : Suck it Ian Fleming !
TK : I 'm not trying to write a book that 's James Bond in the DCU , I 'm trying to write a book that is Dick Grayson in the DCU .
TS : I think that 's the answer , yeah . The job of the book is to play with the tropes that you 're familiar with in the spy genre , to play with the kind of story that you 're used to , but to do it differently and to add this character who is the heart of the story . Dick , being who they are , and their history–that 's really the core of the book . We know as people who have seen a lot of movies and read a lot of books and read a lot of comics what a spy story is and what those characters are , but to us it 's about playing against them or playing with the tropes . It 's about Dick Grayson , first . That was a good answer Tom , that was n't a cheesy answer that was a good answer !
TK : The trade just came out , it 's the hardcover , and we 're so proud of it . It 's the first volume and it has my Future 's End issue in it , which was the weird backwards one which I ca n't believe how proud I am of that issue . Please check it out !
Grayson # 9 is on shelves now , with # 10 coming out on 7/22 , and the hardcover first volume is also out as well !
The Beat Staff is an elite group of trained ninjas .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Try These Natural Remedies to Protect Your Body From Fukushima Radiation
Japanese officials have just admitted the grim truth that since the 2011 Fukushima earthquake , tsunami and meltdown , 20 trillion to 40 trillion becquerels of radioactive tritium have leaked into the Pacific Ocean , plus a huge amount of cesium , as well as strontium—which replaces calcium in bones and stays in the bodies of humans and sea life . Over 300 tons of radioactive water are still leaking into the sea each day . And if that was n't enough , Fukushima reactor 4 is severely damaged and sinking—the removal of the spent fuel rods will be one of the most urgent and dangerous tasks ever undertaken in the history of nuclear energy . A rodent chewed through the wiring recently , causing a power outage which came close to triggering an unstoppable nuclear chain reaction .
Those living downwind of Fukushima , especially on the west coast of North America , may have significant reason to be aware and take precautions .
Not only did the Vancouver Sun report that the seaweed in British Columbia has radiation levels four times the amount considered safe , but cow 's milk samples taken from across the US after the Fukushima incident have shown radiation levels three times higher than EPA maximums .
But do n't buy your ticket to Sydney just yet—there 's hope . Avoiding certain foods and eating more of others may help you protect yourself and your family from possible damage from radiation . Here 's a partial list of tips to help you navigate these waters :
Products to Avoid :
1 . Many experts are urging people to stop eating sea life from the Pacific . This would obviously include anything from Japan . Marine chemist Ken Buesseler found Pacific cesium levels 50 million times higher than pre disaster levels . ( The levels tapered off but plateaued at 10,000 times higher than normal . ) The algae get contaminated and it goes to the little fish , to the big fish and then to you .
2 . Dairy and meat . The higher on the food chain , the higher the concentration of radioactive materials may be . Dairy products in particular may be the most contaminated item , because the living creature has eaten the contaminated grass , other foods and water ( from contaminated rain that forms from the Pacific and atmospheric particles ) ; the radiation from which is stored it in its body and passed on to whoever eats it . After the Chernobyl disaster there were numerous cases of children becoming severely ill from drinking cow 's milk .
Products to Choose :
1 . Citrus pectin or apple pectin . In supplement form , these have been shown to bind to and remove radioactive materials such as Cesium-137 from the body . ( Try citrus pectin here and apple pectin here . )
2 . Spirulina and chlorella have both been shown to reduce significantly or even remove radioactive materials in people who were contaminated by the Chernobyl fallout . However , this blue-green algae superfood should probably not be sourced from Japan or nearby waters . ( Try spirulina here and chlorella here . )
3 . Seaweeds ( and green and black teas for that matter ) have been shown to neutralize radioactive isotopes in the body , and contain a high amount of protective natural iodine that would definitely protect the thyroid . Many people are claiming that dulse from Ireland is the safest . The jury is still out on California coastal seaweed , with some people even buying Geiger counters to test everything they consume . Geiger counters are rather blunt tools though , and do not tell you the type of isotope involved . I personally would not eat seaweed from the west coast of North America or Japan , but that 's an individual decision . ( Try dulse here . )
4 . Foods high in carotenes , ( vitamin C and E ) , are natural protectors against radiation induced carcinogenesis . This includes carrots , sweet potatoes , beets , winter squash , kale , collard greens , chard and spinach . ( Beta-carotene , however , may actually promote cancer . )
5 . The entire cabbage family is high in caffeic acid , which may protect peripheral blood lymphocytes against gamma radiation induced cellular damage . This would include broccoli , cauliflower , arugula , bok choy , radishes , mustard greens and the like .
6 . Herbs high in selenium may protect against DNA damage . These include : nettles , burdock root , catnip and ginseng .
7 . Members of the legume family , especially : lentils , astragalus and red clover , may assist with DNA repair .
8 . Miso soup has been shown to be very protective as it contains dipicolinic acid and may discharge radiation from the body . Rosemary , as well , helps rid the brain of free radicals .
9 . Reishi mushrooms , known in traditional Chinese Medicine as Ling Zhi , have also been noted to increase the white blood cells and increase the overall immune protection of the body , even combating cancer . ( Studies on reishi and cancer are varied . ) The recommended method is slicing the dried mushroom and simmering for three hours , drinking the concentrated tea .
10 . Cilantro removes heavy metals from the body ( especially when combined with chlorella ) , and milk thistle is another herb that supports the liver in removing toxins . Bentonite clay has been touted as doing the same through binding and removing the foreign substances .
So despite radiation worries , there are some things you can load up on to lessen your toxic intake . In the meantime , coconut water is high in potassium , and can make you a lot more relaxed while waiting for the next shoe to drop . Peace .
Gezi Park is a small rectangle of grass and trees just north of Taksim Square , in the center of European Istanbul . Separated by concrete barriers from a particularly congested traffic circle , it does n't have a lot going for it in the way of charm or landscaping . But it does have trees—six hundred and six of them , according to some reports—which makes it a distinct space in the heart of one of the world 's fastest-developing cities .
Last year , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced that Gezi Park would be levelled to make room for a reconstruction of the Halil Pasa Artillery barracks , which had been built there under Sultan Selim III , more than two hundred years ago ; the reconstructed barracks would then be converted into a shopping mall . On May 28th , a peaceful demonstration convened in Gezi Park to protest the bulldozing of the first trees . The weather was , and continues to be , beautiful . But over the course of the week , Occupy Gezi transformed from what felt like a festival , with yoga , barbecues , and concerts , into what feels like a war , with barricades , plastic bullets , and gas attacks .
Just before dawn on Friday , police raided the demonstrators ' encampment with tear gas and compressed water . Several people—twelve , according to Istanbul 's governor Hÿseyin Avni Mutlu , though participants say the number was higher—were hospitalized with head traumas and respiratory injuries . Twitter was flooded with images of violence , including one of a protester on their or their knees using a sign that read “ CHEMICAL TAYYIP ” as a shield against a police hose . Ahmet Sik , an investigative reporter who spent much of last year in jail , had joined the protests only to get hit in the head with a police gas canister .
I stopped by Gezi Park early Friday afternoon . It had been completely sealed off by police , hundreds of whom were standing inside the park in small groups , adjusting their body armor , snapping pictures of each other on their cell phones . Gas masks lay in the grass , as did a few trampled plastic forks and an abandoned tepsi börek ( a phyllo pastry baked in a tray ) . Noticing a small crowd convened beside one of the barricades , I went over to see what they were doing . They did n't seem to be doing anything .
Thinking the demonstration was winding down , I went back home and tried to work on my novel . The demonstration was n't winding down . Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators were flooding the streets . I texted the photographer Carolyn Drake , a friend and colleague . We covered our mouths with scarves and set out to meet each other . I started walking up Siraselviler , the street that connects Cihangir , where I live , to Taksim Square . It was packed shoulder-to-shoulder with demonstrators chanting anti-government slogans , some of them quite inventive . ( When I asked about the meaning of one popular chant , “ I 'm sorry Tayyip but you look like a light bulb , ” I was told that it alluded both to the light-bulb logo of Erdoğan 's conservative Islamist A.K . Party , and to the shape of Erdoğan 's head . )
I got as far as the German Hospital , where the crowd became too dense to penetrate . Carolyn meanwhile was stuck at the northern edge of the park . I never did meet her , though she 's been sending me the pictures they snap from their cell phone . During the twenty minutes I spent standing in front of the hospital , two ambulances came careening in from Taksim . The crowds climbed up on walls to let the ambulances by , almost drowning out the sirens with their chants : “ To your health , Tayyip ! ” Later , everyone started jumping up and down , chanting “ Jump ! Jump ! Jump or you 're a fascist ! ” I , too , hopped up and down a little , to signal my disapproval of fascism . I tried to strike up conversation with a demonstrator , a young woman in their twenties with a surgical mask around their neck , but I could see I was interrupting them tweeting . In fact , I realized that almost every person there was either typing on a phone or recording the scene on a tablet .
Back in my apartment , I turned on the television . CNN Turk was broadcasting a food show , featuring the “ flavors of Nigde. ” Other major Turkish news channels were showing a dance contest and a roundtable on study-abroad programs . It was a classic case of the revolution not being televised . The whole country seemed to be experiencing a cognitive disconnect , with Twitter saying one thing , the government saying another , and the television off on another planet . Twitter was the one everyone believed—even the people who were actually on the street . In a city as vast , diffuse , and diverse as Istanbul , with so many enclaves and populations and interests and classes , and with such imperfect freedom of the press , gauging public opinion , or even current events , can be fantastically difficult . The Twitter hashtag # OccupyGezi brought up hundreds , maybe thousands of appeals urging BBC , Reuters , CNN , and other English-language news outlets to “ show the world ” what was happening in Istanbul—as if only the international media could do what the news is supposed to do : provide an objective view of what was going on outside .
The feeling of unreality and disconnect is at the heart of the Gezi demonstrations . Istanbul loves to demonstrate ; I ca n't remember ever walking through Taksim without seeing at least one march or parade or sit-in , and on weekends there are usually several going on at the same time . Usually , they are small , peaceful , and self-contained , and the police just stand there . For some time now , the demonstrations have had a strangely existential feel . Again and again , people have protested the destruction of some historical building or the construction of some new shopping center . Again and again , the historical building has been destroyed , and the shopping center constructed .
Nearly every slogan chanted on the streets right now addresses Erdoğan by name , and Erdoğan has n't been talking back much . On Wednesday , they told protesters , “ Even if hell breaks loose , those trees will be uprooted ” ; on Saturday , they issued a statement accusing the demonstrators of manipulating environmentalist concerns for their own ideological agendas . It 's hard to argue with them there ; there 's little doubt that the demonstrations are less about six hundred and six trees than about a spreading perception that Erdoğan refuses to hear what people are trying to tell him . In recent weeks , they have overridden objections to the construction of a controversial third bridge across the Bosphorus , to be named after a sultan considered by some Turkish Alevis ( members of a religious minority combining elements of Shi'ia Islam and Sufism ) to be an “ Alevi slayer. ” Earlier this month , thousands of unionized Turkish Airlines workers went on strike to protest the firing of three hundred and five other unionized Turkish Airlines workers for participating in an earlier strike . The original workers were not rehired . Last week , they passed anti-alcohol laws , which outraged many secularists as well as the national beer manufacturers . On May Day , peaceful demonstrations were quashed by riot police with tear gas and hoses . Looking back , it seems inevitable that a larger uprising was to come .
So it was n't that surprising when yesterday 's court decision to suspend , at least temporarily , the construction at the park , failed to put an end to the demonstrations . At midnight , the street where I live was gas bombed . Demonstrators in gas masks and goggles marched below the windows , cheering “ Spray ! Spray ! Let us see you spray ! ” Pepper gas poured through the open windows and immediately filled my seventh-floor apartment . Around one , a tremendous racket broke out as people all over the city started beating on cymbals , pots , pans , and metal street signs ; I saw one man looking around in vain for a stick , and then cheerfully starting to bang their head against a metal storefront shutter .
I got in touch with members of Çarsi , the leftist fan club of Istanbul 's Besiktas soccer team ; I 'd written about them for the magazine in 2011 . They had come up with a new slogan : “ Give us 100 gas masks , we 'll take the park. ” I asked Ayhan Gÿner , one of Çarsi 's senior members , what they had to say to New Yorker readers . “ Çarsi is the last barricade . Çarsi keeps alive the hopes of the people in the resistance of Gezi Park , ” they told me . “ This resistance has inspired the leaders of Galatasaray and Fenerbahçe ” —rival Istanbul soccer clubs— “ to come together . Damn American imperialism to hell. ” Fifteen minutes later , I got another text : “ Pepper gas is the Besiktas fan 's perfume . Nobody can intimidate us ” ; and , shortly after that , “ We are the soldiers not of the imam , but of Mustafa Kemal ” ( referring to Ataturk , the founder of the secular Turkish Republic ) .
This morning , forty thousand demonstrators are said to have crossed the Bosphorus Bridge from the Asian side of the city , to lend support in Taksim . Hundreds of backup police are reportedly being flown into Istanbul from all around the country . The conceptual artist Sibel Horada came by my neighborhood to pick up the gas mask they usually use for casting polyester ; they told me they ran into an old high-school friend who had dressed for the protests in shorts and Speedo swimming goggles . ( “ He had obviously never clashed with the police before. ” ) Shortly afterwards , they reported that police had briefly removed the barricades at Taksim and let the demonstrators in—then turned back and attacked them . On my street , spirits seem to be high . Someone is playing “ Bella , Ciao ” on a boom-box , and I can hear cheering and clapping . But every now and then the spring breeze carries a high , whistling , screaming sound , and the faint smell of pepper gas .
Photograph by Murad Sezer/Reuters .
For more on Erdoğan and the lengths he 'll go to to stay in power , read Dexter Filkins 's “ The Deep State. “
Here 's a picture of the Pour Your Own Beer station now set up at Minnesota 's Target Field pic.twitter.com/fGDYgvFK8L — darren rovell ( @ darrenrovell ) July 7 , 2014
Target Field is giving baseball fans total control over their own beers with a new self-serve beer machine .
The machine , which is the first of its kind at ballparks , debuted on Sunday with a mix of Bud , Bud Light , Shock Top Lemon Shandy and Goose Island 312 Urban Pale Ale .
The new attraction will also be available to fans at the All-Star Game .
To use the machines , customers have to buy a card from a concession worker ( who checks ID ) and then can be used at the vending machine to tap 48 ounces every 15 minutes .
While this is a great idea in theory , it also poses a few dangers .
This sort of reminds us of the self-serve frozen yogurt stores that keep popping up around the country . It 's a great idea in theory : You choose your own toppings and do n't have to be make the quick decision of small , medium or large .
However , it 's also the greatest test of self control ( though unlike frozen yogurt shops , 48 ounces is the limit ) .
Once you go to the line to put your ice cream on the scale and find out it weighs three pounds and you get a disapproving look from the frozen yogurt cashier you ca n't put it back . Because once the beer or frozen yogurt is out of the machine , it is not socially acceptable to put it back in there .
Also beer in that large of amounts is potentially a lot more dangerous than too much frozen yogurt ( though employees will be there to stop service if a customer appears too intoxicated .
“ It 's always a concern , ” said Jeremy Jacobs Jr. , the Principal at Delaware North Cos. , which manages concessions for 10 MLB ballparks . “ We 're vigilant about watching for people that are becoming inebriated and trying to restrict their consumption . ”
Slurpees might be a better comparison for the self-serve machine though , meaning the second real danger will come in people trying to too creatively mix flavors — a Bud Light and Goose Island mix is just a curious customer 's pull of the lever away — something Jacobs acknowledges is likely to happen .
“ That 's part of the fun , ” they said . The positive of this is , as Jacobs points out , that customers have control over how much beer they want — meaning if they want to try a new beer without investing a whole cup in it , they can test out an ounce or two and then come back .
So will we see more of these ? Depending on the response from consumers , Jacobs said that it may expand to other ballparks . On Sunday , before the news had spread about the machine , ballpark patrons bought 100 cards of $ 10-20 each . But after the media fury on Monday , Jacobs said they 're expecting many more customers .
“ It 's just something we are testing to get a sense of what the customer wants , ” they said . “ Is it something they enjoy and something that is going to create a level of loyalty to the ballpark and the stadium . ”
Drive A Tank , the only venue in the United States where civilians can drive authentic military tanks , is pleased to announce it has added a Russian-designed T-55AM Main Battle Tank named Red Dawn to its fleet of military vehicles .
A symbol of Russian military might during the cold war , the 45-ton T-55 was designed and built from the ground up to destroy enemy tanks , similar to NATO 's Chieftain Main Battle tank , which Drive A Tank also offers to drive as part of its car-crush package .
Drive A Tank is one of only two known venues in the world where civilians can drive main battle tanks and is the only one in the United States .
In addition to the new Russian tank , Drive A Tank is also now offering a new top line experience for adrenaline junkies called the Commander-In-Chief package .
Not for the faint of heart , this hands-on and in-the-driver's-seat adventure is the most extravagant tank driving , machine gun shooting , car crushing package on the planet . As the VIP , you will drive four different tanks on several challenge courses , each with its own unique driving style , including :
· Convoy style driving in an Abbot Self Propelled Gun
· Enclosed combat style driving in an Armored Personnel Carrier
· Intricate , precision driving in the T-55
· Car crushing in the Chieftain
After you wash off the dirt and diesel smoke , Drive A Tank will make your heart pound again in the indoor shooting range where you test fire a plethora of military firearms , from a .30 caliber WWII belt-fed machine gun to a current issue .50 Caliber Barrett long range rifle .
Located in Kasota , Minnesota , Drive A Tank 's mission is to offer adrenaline-inducing quasi-military adventures . With nine authentic military tanks and several military vehicles that have been used in actual combat , you can drive a tank in a combat scenario and run over just about anything that gets in your way , including cars and mobile homes ! Prices start at $ 400 and top out at $ 3,495 for the mobile home trailer trashing experience .
The Sennheiser HD 555 headphones are great—so great that I 've neglected to upgrade for many years . Thanks to a discovery by clever human being Mike Beauchamp , it turns out you can perform a free upgrade to these headphones and make them equal to their high-end counterparts .
It costs companies money to create several distinct products , so they often create a high-end version and then cripple it for the steps down . Such is the case with the Sennheiser HD 555s , which can become HD 595s by opening up the headphone casing and removing filters for each speaker . This comes out to a savings of about $ 150 , and a great reason to buy mid-range instead of high end . While these specific models have been replaced by others , you can still perform this trick with the newer ( and cheaper ) HD 558s . While we do n't know of non-Sennheiser models with such easy upgrades , this trick likely works on a few other pairs out there . If you 've got a decent pair of headphones , peek inside and you might be able to make them a lot better .
Advertisement
Sennheiser hd 555 to hd 595 mod | Mike Beauchamp via Sebastian ( thanks for the tip ! )
EMBED > More News Videos Protesters marched across the Loop and Near North Side following an apology from Mayor Rahm Emanuel .
Hundreds of protesters gathered in the Loop and Near North Side for what became a five-hour march Wednesday following Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's apology for the fatal police shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald.Demonstrators initially gathered near Daley Plaza , making their way to the Chicago Board of Trade Building , Congress Parkway and back north to the Thompson Center . Groups then marched north on Michigan Avenue from Randolph , some sitting in the intersection of Michigan and Wacker . A smaller group then marched to North Avenue and State Street in the city 's Near North Side.In addition to the apology , the mayor 's speech also outlined their plan to restore trust between the community and police . But some say that 's not enough , as some protesters carried signs calling for their resignation . `` What did you know ? How much did you know ? And did you suppress those tapes ? Was that $ 5 million hush money ? Can we see your emails ? We have some serious questions if there 's ever going to be any trust again , '' said Rev . Ira Acree , Greater St. John Bible Church.One man posted a video to social media showing protesters running past Christmas decorations at Macy 's , briefly disrupting shoppers as they voiced their cause.Inside Chicago police headquarters Wednesday night , dozens of protesters erupted as Chicagoans voiced their concerns at the police board meeting . `` First , this board should move tonight to fire Dante Servin , the killer of Rekia Boyd . This board should also move to fire every officer associated with the murder of Laquan McDonald , '' one said.At that meeting , police said a detailed plan will be released Thursday about the search for a new police superintendent . Police said the search will include public input.Emanuel 's speech follows the U.S. Department of Justice 's decision to investigate the Chicago Police Department . Some city aldermen are also calling for a DOJ investigation of Emanuel 's office .
Although Justin Bieber counts their fans in the millions these days , they probably lost a few admirers in Mexico late in the week . As previously reported by Inquisitr , and other news outlets , the Bieb was unceremoniously ejected from a Mayan archaeological site after a weird incident that allegedly involved alcohol and a portion of Justin 's naked posterior .
Celebrity news and gossip clearing house TMZ reports that Justin Bieber left Mexico via private jet on Friday after the above-noted hullabaloo unfolded at the sacred site in Tulum , Mexico . According to witnesses , Bieber apparently entered the grounds with an open container of beer , climbed onto some rocks and pulled their pants down in front of others visitors . The TMZ account further indicates that the platinum award-winning artist was verbally abusive with staff when they were instructed to leave the premises .
It is worth noting that beer is not permitted at the site , according to New York Daily News , and Bieber was required to dispose of their alcoholic beverage before entering . Nevertheless , some outlets , including Jezebel , suggest that Bieber was already intoxicated by that point .
Fans cope out Justin Bieber 's assets as they attend the 2015 American Music Awards . ( Photo by Jason Merritt/Getty Images )
Page Six writer Bryan Hood expressed uncertainty whether it was Justin Bieber 's conduct in climbing ruins in a restricted area or their brief display of theirs behind that prompted their ejection , but a high-ranking official affiliated with the location indicated that both factors figured prominently in the situation .
Mexico 's Director of the National Institute of Anthropology and History , Adriana Velazquez-Morlet , confirmed the incident and explained the reaction of officials who responded to the alleged disturbance by Bieber and their entourage .
“ We have a very strict policy of conservation and respect of the Mexican cultural heritage that applies equally to all our visitors , whether or not they 're famous , ” said Velazquez-Morlet in comments re-published by Teen Vogue .
Earlier in the week , Justin Bieber toured a different archaeological site in Mexico without incident . Nathalie Leño , a representative from Jungla Maya Park , praised Bieber 's conduct during the visit , noting that the singer was on their best behavior at the time .
A tent with a picture of Justin Bieber on it is pictured in a new migrant camp on January 6 , 2016 in Dunkirk , France . Thousands of migrants continue to live in makeshift camps in the port towns of Calais and Dunkirk in northern France . ( Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images )
“ [ Bieber ] expressed a lot of interest in the work we do to preserve the environment , ” Leño said in comments shared by NBC News . “ He was completely respectful , and they participated in the welcoming ceremony performed by a local shaman . ”
Bieber was very enthusiastic regarding their recent travels in Mexico , chronicling their adventures via Instagram .
The mooning incident further adds to a laundry list of unsavory exploits by Bieber throughout Latin America over the years , including a 2013 incident in which they were allegedly involved in spray painting graffiti in Brazil . In Argentina , Justin Bieber was accused of instructing their bodyguards to rough up a photographer outside of a nightclub . Bieber has also upset fans and promoters by ending concerts early at a couple of South American venues , according to NBC News .
TMZ indicated that Justin Bieber was ultimately not ordered to leave Mexico and departed the country of their own accord . They will be abroad again later this year , crossing to the Atlantic for a big tour .
# PURPOSEWORLDTOUR Pre-Sale for new Sept 8 show in ICELAND is now LIVE ! # GetCloserToJustin https : //t.co/2yCSI8tdUy pic.twitter.com/T9ddhl9AYn — Fahlo ( @ OfficialFahlo ) January 7 , 2016
Justin Bieber is promoting their forthcoming tour on Twitter , so the folks over in Europe ca n't say they were n't warned .
[ Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images ]
In informal encounters with regular folks , the `` everyday '' Americans Hillary Clinton says they are running for , I gained the impression that there is an issue on their minds which no political leader is addressing . It seems that many Americans are anxious about their economic futures , a generalized anxiety that goes beyond being concerned about one or another facet of their lives . I found a leading pollster , Anna Greenberg , and with the help of them and their organization , I checked my impression .
Here is what we found : the majority of Americans indeed experience an acute sense of economic anxiety . Americans are most concerned that Social Security will not be there when they retire . They also fear that they will not have enough money of their own when their working days are over . Indeed , even for now , the majority feels it may not have enough money to pay the bills and -- that they may lose their jobs . A majority also is concerned it will be unable to afford health insurance .
Economic anxiety cuts across party lines and speaks to people of all camps . The small differences in the anxiety score support this conclusion : the mean score is 6.7 for Democrats , 6.6 for Independents and 6.4 for Republicans . Compare this to inequality : a 2014 poll found 90 percent of Democrats favor government action to reduce inequality , compared to 69 percent of Independents and 45 percent of Republicans . Moreover , to reduce poverty , a majority of Democrats favored higher taxes and expanded programs for the poor , while a majority of Republicans favored lower taxes to encourage investment and growth .
In contrast , our political leaders often speak in very general terms and address more policy wonks than the people I met and polled . Thus , typically President Obama calls for `` growing the middle class '' , for increasing investment in infrastructure and in education . I wonder if the term `` infrastructure '' speaks to many Americans . And if they are as concerned about the bridges , roads , and pipelines as they are about their homes , jobs , and retirement ? And if they are -- do they realize the trillion dollars or so it would take just to bring the infrastructure up to date after decades of neglect ? As for education , surely all parents , grandparents , and young people are concerned about it and their fellow citizens . However , after decades of repeated promises to reform schools , do most Americans believe that now , this time , we will finally find a handle on this vexing problem ?
Hillary Clinton , we read , `` has not yet settled on a specific platform '' but they are expected to embrace several principles . `` They include standard Democratic initiatives like raising the minimum wage , investing in infrastructure , closing corporate tax loopholes and cutting taxes for the middle class . Other ideas are newer , such as providing incentives to corporations to increase profit-sharing with employees and changing labor laws to give workers more collective bargaining power . '' Sounds fine to me , but it may seem well too wonkish and abstract to the anxious majority .
Republican candidates do not seem to be immune , at least in this stage of the campaign , to talking in vague generalizations and seeking to please wonks rather than anxious people . Thus Jeb Bush told The New York Times that `` working-class Americans would benefit from simplifying the tax code , overhauling immigration , embracing the country 's new energy sources , and improving the education system . ''
To be fair : if one combs carefully through the many speeches and press releases made by Hillary Clinton , Jeb Bush , and others , one can find statements that echo the oppressive economic anxiety that the majority of Americans experience . However , no party and no candidates seem to raise this issue as a major concern of their campaign and above all , none has offered a credible set of solutions in terms accessible to most voters . Stay tuned .
New Delhi : The Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU ) has reduced the compulsory grace points given to women candidates as it amended its admission policy after nearly a decade .
“ Now female and transgender candidates who have pursued their education from any of the areas in JNU 's list of backward areas are entitled to relaxation of four marks . While girls and transgenders not belonging to any backward areas can get a relaxation of only two points , '' a senior university official said .
Until now , all female admission seekers were entitled to 5 “ deprivation '' points in the entrance exam . In addition , if they belonged to backward areas listed by JNU under Quartile 1 ( demarcation of backward areas ) and Quartile 2 categories , they got additional privilege of 5 and 3 marks , respectively . The compulsory 5 points given to women were introduced in 1994 .
The move has drawn severe criticism from a section of students and teachers who have decided to launch an agitation against the administration .
“ Girls used to get an excessive advantage in comparison to male candidates . For instance , if a girl belonged to a Quartile 1 district , they would get a total relaxation of 10 marks , which will place their way above a more competent male candidate , '' the official said . “ So , the standing committee for admissions took the decision to modify the policy after deliberating upon all factors , '' they said .
The students alleged that the statutory procedures for introducing such changes have been “ bypassed '' and no official notification of the amendments has been issued .
“ Any such crucial change has to be placed before the Academic Council ( AC ) and opinion of the members of students union has to be taken into account . However , the matter was neither discussed nor conveyed to anybody and we got to know about the changes only from new prospectus , '' JNU students union vice president Shehla Rashid Shora said .
Sucheta De , National President of All India Students Association ( AISA ) and former Jawaharlal Nehru University Students ' Union ( JNUSU ) president , said “ these changes have presumably been made on the premise that women in only backward regions are more vulnerable and deprived , more shackled by society 's patriarchal norms . We can not deny the fact that cities like Delhi , Mumbai and Hyderabad are also home to a range of women with grossly unequal access to education . ''
The merit system applicable during admission is based on the report of JNU 's Centre for the Study of Law and Governance . It conducts research based on parameters such as literacy rate of a district , agricultural productivity and other similar factors .
Through research upgradation , Quartiles are changed when required and this can affect gender points also . The Academic Council considers the recommendations made by the panel of Expert Committee when revision and upgradation are done . Other changes in the admission policy include doing away with 10 % relaxation to OBC ( Other Backward Class ) candidates in the entrance examination .
Your message has been sent successfully
More than half of Americans do n't feel confident about President Trump 's ability to properly handle North Korea 's nuclear situation , according to a new CBS News Poll .
Only 39 percent of respondents claimed they were `` confident , '' while 56 percent said they were `` uneasy '' about Trump handling relations with North Korea as the country 's nuclear capabilities grow .
Advertisement :
Earlier this week , Trump ordered a U.S. Navy strike group and North Korea has responded with the threat of a nuclear attack .
`` We are sending an armada . Very powerful , '' Trump told Fox Business Network . “ We are sending an armada , very powerful . We have submarines , very powerful , far more powerful than the aircraft carrier , ” the president added .
For its part , North Korea has vowed a retaliatory response and has tested multiple ballistic missiles since Trump took office .
`` Our revolutionary strong army is keenly watching every move by enemy elements with our nuclear sight focused on the U.S. invasionary bases not only in South Korea and the Pacific operation theater but also in the U.S. mainland , '' its official Rodong Sinmun newspaper said , according to Reuters .
Trump is now turning to China for assistance in the tense region and called on Chinese President Xi Jinping to take further action during their meeting last week . Reuters reported :
China 's U.N. ambassador , Liu Jieyi , called the Korean situation `` tense '' and repeated China 's call for a return to dialogue with North Korea . “ We believe that it is highly important to move toward denuclearization , to maintain peace and stability , and it 's time that different sides sit down to talk about achieving these objectives , ” they told Reuters . Asked about Trump linking a trade deal to China 's help with North Korea : “ We need to look at the situation on the Korean Peninsula as something that we should work together on . ”
Justice officials Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates disagreed with FBI Director James Comey 's decision to notify Congress about the bureau 's review of Hillary emails . Both did not agree playing it technical whereby the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) does typically announce they are investigating something . Of course , NY State did so with Trump clearly designed to be political . Comey did n't seek their approval but Lynch had improperly met with Bill Clinton during the investigation and should have been fired for that . They in turn put everything on Comey 's shoulders saying they would accept whatever they said .
Comey is the one who is under fire internally within the FBI who feel they were being political by NOT indicting Hillary . Obama began campaigning for Hillary the very day Comey said they would not recommend and indictment . This decision to tell Congress was theirs alone and they did not seek their approval . They know if Hillary came to office they would never remain anyhow and any wrongdoing would never come to light .
Instead , Comey made a totally independent decision to go against longstanding Justice Department and FBI practice to not comment publicly about politically sensitive investigations . But Hillary has used their “ no indictment ” as an endorsement . Comey 's fingerprints will be all over this issue one way or another .
Comey has explained their decision saying : “ We do n't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations , but here I feel an obligation to do so give that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. ” Comey added : “ I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record . ”
Other agents will leak info anyway because they were unanimously in favor of indicting Hillary to start with . Any way we slice this , a Hillary win will be devastating insofar as the next two years will be intense filled with scandals and would more likely than not end in impeachment . On July 27 , 1974 , the House Judiciary Committee voted 27–11 to recommend the first article of impeachment against the president Richard Nixon for obstruction of justice . The House then recommended the second article , abuse of power , on July 29 , 1974 .
When we look at the cyclical aspect , 43 years from 1974 ( 50 % of 86-year wave ) will be 2017 . The previous cycle interval was 1931 , when debate on the floor of the Senate echoed words claiming that even a “ dictatorship ” was better than the pains of depression supporting suggestions of communism or socialism was the way out . Then , the following year , Congressman Louis Thomas McFadden twice introduced impeachment resolutions against President Herbert Hoover .
Hoover lost the 1932 election , so impeachment proceedings just died . When I posed this question to our main computer system , it came back with this result .
It appears that IF Hillary is elected , we will see impeachment proceedings begin by the summer of 2017 . Looks like what goes around , comes around . Hillary fought to get Nixon impeached on “ obstruction of justice ” which they are guilty of at the very least . This is not going to be a walk in the park for Hillary and their refusal to shut down the Clinton Foundation handing it to Chelsea , is only inviting a complete continuation of the scandal pay-for-play . Hillary does not know when to back-off . They constantly pushed the envelop . If they lose to Trump , they will blame Comey .
Let 's face the facts . Our computer does not make emotional or political calls . It has no personal bias as humans . It is what it is . This new evidence is starting to change the game behind the curtain from all our sources fundamentally . Very interesting . Perhaps the computer will be right at the end of the day . The the government wanted the code for our model , it was not about forecasting markets . It was about the rise and fall of governments , civil unrest , and war . They were not concerned if the Dow or gold rose or fell . It was politics only .
Recently by Rev . H. R. Curtis : Deadly Stupidity : Government Roads in DeerCountry
Dear State ,
I use the customary salutation even though this letter will make it clear that , in our case , we must consider it merely a convention and quite devoid of any real feeling . Oh , I know , we 've had our times together when we were quite close indeed — but those days are , God be praised , behind us .
To think how young I once was ! At least , I 'd like to blame it on my youth . Though my Father had warned me about your seductions — and though you yourself were quite cruel to me when we were growing up together back East — as a young woman I could not resist your charms . You were a man of action — so powerful and strong — so dashing in your uniform ! And , frankly , as a young lady of my stature — a queen by birth , was n't I ?  I felt at that time that I deserved the honor and wealth that you could provide for me . So , though I had been betrothed to another by my Father , I took up house with you .
And how my manner changed almost immediately ! With your wealth and honor came also pomp and violence . Where before I had been content to settle my quarrels with words , it was now all too easy for me to have you deal with them in more precipitous and ( as I thought ) effective ways .
But it was as my Father said it would be — a chasing after the wind . I learned that your violent temper could not always be directed by my own will — that it would , in fact , often be directed at me . It was a long process — I came to my senses only slowly . Even when I first expressed my doubts about our relationship I would return time and again to your arms .
But what finally did it was physical separation . As the flower of my youth faded into middle age , I began to feel suffocated by your very presence . I built new , humbler houses in the West and South and began to imagine life without you . I find I like that notion much better than I ever thought I would . I remembered my Father 's warnings , the purity of my childhood when you were openly against me — and the long-suffering patience of my Husband .
But you know all that . I 'm writing today for a different reason . If I could come to my senses , I still hold out some hope for you as well . Well , perhaps it is better to say that I hold out hope that you can stop being so much like yourself . I write today with a suggestion — something that really helped me recapture who I was meant to me . It may just help you become better than you are as well .
When I moved out West I found that things were different , especially in one way : I did n't have you there to force my children to support their Mother . At first , frankly , I was frightened by this prospect and tried to hang on to my privileges out here . If nobody forced them to support me , how would I survive in the style to which I had become accustomed ? But what choice did I have ? In the end , I had to give up the coercion and simply ask them to support me for the sake of love .
And here is the funny thing : to ask for love means you have to give it ; to remove coercion means you have to persuade . Nothing could have more quickly and surely transformed me back into my Father 's daughter and my Husband 's wife than this . Once your purse strings were cut from my hands , I found that they were free to hold on to things of much greater worth .
Indeed , when I travel back East now , I find that I feel sluggish and weak because of my long connection to you in those parts . Something about the air is cleaner out West and down South — I can feel an energy in these old bones when I 'm out there because these places hold no reminders for me of our misplaced love affair .
So , at any rate , that is why I 'm writing today : I think you should try it , too . Drop the coercion . Give your children the same freedom I had to give mine . I did so , and I found myself . Perhaps if you did so , you would find a new and better self . Stop coercing them for your support . If you are a good father to them , then they will be happy to support you . And if they do n't support you — well , I think you will find that poverty of that sort can be good for the soul .
I have written enough and it is almost time for sunrise down South — and I do so love to hear the children sing Labia mea aperies — they are so happy , so free ( sons of the kingdom are free ) .
Most Sincerely , Christi Ecclesia
December 30 , 2010
The Best of Rev . H. R. Curtis
A collaboration with the National Institute for Japanese Literature ( NIJL ) , one of Japan 's premier research institutes , has been formed with the Department of East Asian Languages & Literatures ( EALL ) at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa . NIJL is Japan 's first inter-university research institute for the humanities , founded in 1972 .
A memorandum of agreement was signed by NIJL Director Yuichiro Imanishi , UH Mānoa College of Languages , Linguistics & Literature Dean Laura E. Lyons and EALL Chair Robert Huey on February 16 . This agreement facilitates the ways in which each organization can share its resources , expertise and talent .
One of the first projects of this agreement is a collaboration that extends beyond the two signatory institutions— NIJL and EALL will partner with representatives of UH Mānoa 's Department of Art and Art History , the UH Libraries and the Honolulu Museum of Art in a workshop that will examine rare 18th and 19th century Japanese books from the museum 's prized Lane Collection .
Working with organizations that have overlapping goals has limitless potential . For example , the Honolulu Museum of Art can increase its scholarly audience , while the academic side can gain access to unique materials found in private organizations like the museum .
“ We are honored to officially and professionally collaborate with the National Institute for Japanese Literature and our campus and community colleagues , so that the people we all serve will benefit , ” said Dean Lyons . “ It is truly an exciting time to be a part of this inter-university effort . ”
We 've seen plenty of formidable matchups play out on film over the years : There was Joe Vs . The Volcano , followed by The People Vs. Larry Flynt and Freddy Vs. Jason , among others . But TV once offered one of the most satisfying takedowns—that of NBC 's Chris Hansen against the many creeps online ( specifically , the ones soliciting sex with minors ) . It 's been nearly ten years since To Catch A Predator ended , but Hansen never really gave up their crusade , in part because no one would really let him—the reporter says he 's constantly asked when he 'll get back to their sting operations . So they launched a Kickstarter campaign to get back on the air in April , which Complex now reports was successful .
Hansen 's campaign initially sought $ 400,000 ( according to the Los Angeles Times ) , but it now appears they were able to make do with just under $ 90,000 . The new show , Hansen Vs. Predator—which , sadly , is not affiliated with the Archie or Alien crossovers—set up production in a Fairfield , Connecticut home and worked with local law enforcement on the investigations . Once again , Hansen 's team of adults and underage decoys interacted with potential sexual offenders online , which led to Hansen confronting the men once they entered the house for their reprehensible rendezvous . But this time , the crew had to enter the darkest corners of all the new social media platforms that have sprung up since 2008 ; also , Hansen ran into a fellow commuter who recognized them from the Metro North train .
Advertisement
Hansen was n't able to develop the show with any network , so they decided to finish production before attempting to market the thing . It will air on some web channel before being shopped around for the bigger screen .
Masked protesters marched up and down Camelback Road Thursday waving shredded American flags , shouting expletives , and flipping off passing drivers as part of a worldwide show of discontent organized by hacktivist collective Anonymous .
Phoenix authorities warned nearby businesses of possible violence and a squad of bicycle-mounted police officers hovered nearby , but the seven-hour demonstration remained peaceful — unlike some of the other 650 rallies across the globe . In London , where tens of thousands assembled , protesters set police cars on fire and sent three officers to the hospital .
In a video , Anonymous said the day of action , dubbed the “ Million Mask March , ” was intended to let “ various governments ” know that “ the free flow of information ” will never be stopped . The group , which previously has launched cyberattacks protesting censorship and homophobia and outed thousands for frequenting child pornography websites , also published a list Thursday of hundreds of Ku Klux Klan members and sympathizers .
“ I thought they were a bubbly person , a really nice person , ” said Elizabeth Bohinc , 20 , who played lacrosse for Miss Porter 's and met Miss Bass at the school 's athletic office , while they were both nursing injuries . “ To me , they were the kind of girl who would easily be part of the Miss Porter 's family . ”
BUT early in their senior year , Miss Bass says they were made to feel like a pariah . According to their lawsuit , the trouble started when they proposed that the senior prom — which was traditionally just for Miss Porter 's students — be expanded to other schools including some of the area 's boys ' schools .
After that , “ girls teased and taunted me through text messages , on Facebook and in person about being stupid and threatened to boycott our prom because of me , ” Miss Bass said in an affidavit dated Nov. 24 .
According to their account , at the forefront was the Oprichniki ( pronounced oh-PRITCH-nee-key ) , whose members taunted Miss Bass and called them “ retarded ” because they suffer from attention deficit disorder . Them pleas for help from school administrators were largely rebuffed , the lawsuit says .
It was this systematic abuse that prompted them to miss classes and cheat on the test , Miss Bass says in their lawsuit . On Nov. 11 , after they had left their dormitory for a hotel , “ Tatum and their parents returned to their dorm room to collect some belongings and found that Tatum 's things had been thrown on the floor , pushed into a corner , and a ‘ for rent ' sign had been placed on their bed , ” the lawsuit says .
At Miss Porter 's , the prom does not traditionally involve other schools , but alumnae interviewed for this article said they could not see why Miss Bass 's proposal would lead to the type of extreme teasing they describe .
Photo
Peter Upham , executive director of the Association of Boarding Schools in Asheville , N.C. , which represents 290 schools ( including Miss Porter 's ) , said it was very rare for students to sue , largely because expulsions do n't happen casually or without good cause .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Most parents are very gracious when they get that call from the principal saying , ‘ We 're going to have to send Lucy home , ' ” Mr. Upham said . “ A large number of them are pretty disappointed , and there are some who occasionally get angry and issue threats , but it 's only a very small fraction that pursues legal action . ”
Of the lawsuits that are filed , few tend to go to trial , said Laurence E. Hardoon , a Boston lawyer who has represented several students who sued boarding schools . ( His firm 's Web site says they helped secure “ a substantial financial settlement ” against the Groton School for a boy who sued in 2001 , alleging sexual abuse by classmates . )
“ When push comes to shove , even if the schools try to intimidate you and poke holes in your case , they do n't want to risk the bad publicity of having their reputation smeared in a courtroom , ” Mr. Hardoon said .
On Thursday , Miss Bass and their parents amended the lawsuit they had filed in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , placing blame more squarely on Katherine Windsor , the head of Miss Porter 's , who took over just before Miss Bass 's senior year . No one — not Miss Bass or their parents , not their lawyers , nor Ms. Windsor , who is also a defendant — would comment for this article .
Interviews with numerous Miss Porter 's alumnae and former teachers paint a very different portrait of the school . Loyal graduates describe lifelong friendships and cherished memories nurtured at Miss Porter 's , symbolized by their attachment to the school ring . Students wear their rings with the M.P.S . initials facing out , to represent their openness to capturing every experience lived at school ; alumnae wear them with the initials facing in , as if to trap those experiences .
“ When you go there , you know everybody 's names , where they 're from and what their interests are , ” said Tara Grey Ventura , 34 , who graduated in 1992 .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Like most boarding schools , Miss Porter 's has its lingo and idiosyncrasies . A first-year student is a “ new girl. ” A senior is an “ old girl. ” An alumna is an “ ancient. ” The senior class president is known as the head of school . Rituals dating back over a century — and which are known as “ the traditions ” — are alive and well .
“ Of course a lot of people think it 's an elitist , snobby place , where the students walk around in white gloves , balancing books on their heads , ” said Jessa Saidel , 23 , who graduated in 2003 . “ You can try , but you 'll never understand what it 's like to go to that school unless you go there . ”
The school pairs each new girl with an old girl , who will often call or write over the summer and then wait on the front porch of the newcomer 's dorm to welcome them to campus . Becky Wisdom , who graduated in 1991 , recalled that their old girl gave them M & M 's on their first day and left them a note wishing that they made a lot of new friends .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Funny that I still remember it , ” Ms . Wisdom , 35 , said in a recent interview . “ It was definitely a warm and memorable start . ”
Photo
New girls soon learn the traditions , some of which sound archaic : picking daisies for your old girl , cooking their breakfast , singing school songs in the yard . Others are downright odd : new girls must memorize four phrases in German ( like “ I love my old girl ” ) and recite them in front of the whole school ; sometimes girls are awakened in the middle of the night and asked to count to 100 .
“ The traditions are n't really sinister , ” said Sarah Hart Hansen , a 1974 graduate . “ Maybe there 's nervousness in the beginning , but it 's a bonding moment . ”
A group of students called Keepers of Tradition , which is sanctioned by the school , is charged with helping carry out these rituals , which lead up to a ceremony where new girls receive their Miss Porter 's rings .
Miss Bass wore their Miss Porter 's ring day in and day out , according to a girl who knew them and was interviewed recently at a Starbucks near the campus .
In the lawsuit , Miss Bass places the blame for the harassment they say they suffered on the Oprichniki , which they say is another name for the Keepers of Tradition . But school officials say that the Oprichniki no longer exists and was never the same thing as the Keepers . Former students said in interviews that the officials are right .
Amos M. Nevin , who graduated in 1990 , was among the girls who gave the Oprichniki its name . “ We learned about the 16th-century Russian Oprichniki in A.P . European history , ” they said .
“ At the time , as precocious teenagers , it seemed like a clever idea to name ourselves ” that way , Ms. Nevin explained . The name , they added , was “ underground and cryptic . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Oprichniki was usually made up of 10 students , many of them daughters and sisters of Miss Porter 's alumnae , who rallied together during traditions to “ instill excitement about the secret date of the cherished ring ceremony , ” Ms. Nevin said .
IT is unclear what led Miss Bass to single out the Oprichniki in the court papers , if the clique is not around anymore . In message boards and interviews , a few former students speculated whether the Oprichniki mentality lives on or if the name might still be used informally by girls who are strict about school traditions , including the practice of holding a Miss-Porter's-only prom .
“ The fact that this lawsuit is happening , it 's very sad , ” said Ms. Bohinc , the former lacrosse player , who is now a student at New York University . “ It burned a lot of bridges for Tatum . And the thing I do n't understand is that I know that the faculty there , that the counselors , are extremely helpful . If they were having problems , they would have bent over backwards to help her . ”
Whatever did happen , Miss Bass is asking to be granted a Miss Porter 's degree based on work they have already completed . According to the new complaint , they are now attending a private high school in South Carolina and has been accepted by two unnamed colleges . Them sole choice for early admission was Vanderbilt University , which had been told of their suspension , which preceded their expulsion .
Mr. Hardoon , the lawyer , observed that these situations are never happy . Students like Miss Bass , they said , are typically “ hurt , they 're somewhat damaged , and they lose precious time of the critical development that occurs during these high school years . ”
Nine Entertainment made a $ 972 million loss for the financial year ending June 30 - taking its total accumulated losses to more than $ 2.5 billion - as the media group headed for collapse .
In financial reports just released to the corporate regulator , Nine confirmed its dire financial condition over the last year with a $ 783 million write down on the value of its assets last year . This includes a $ 720 million writedown to the licence value of the Nine network .
The company recorded asset impairments totalling more than $ 1.5 billion over two years .
These writedowns do not impact on the company 's underlying financial performance but the report shows how badly the business struggled under the multibillion dollar debt load that threatened to sink Nine . The company was not generating enough cash to pay its way with operating cash flows in the negative to the tune of more than $ 17 million last year .
Nine generated $ 45 million cash from its operations for the prior year .
Temporary
ISIS is the world leader in terror . You 've heard the name , now be a part of the fastest growing terror company in the Middle East ! ISIS is currently looking for recent graduates who can step in as our 2nd in command . If you 're a cool , laid back guy who hates the west and infidels , than we want to hear from you ! As you know , the United States has recently killed our previous number 2 guy , Abd al-Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli , and the best part is , they think that it will affect us ! We laughed so hard at that . So if you 're a hip millenial and you think you have what it takes to work for the biggest name in militant Islam , apply ! And please , no a-holes
What you 'll be doing :
Randomly pointing at a place and saying `` blow that up . ''
Occasionally shouting `` Allah hu akhbar ! ''
Requirements :
Ability to randomly point at a place and say `` blow that up . ''
Preferred skills
Willingness to be killed in the name of militant Islam ( but you 'll get 72 virgins )
Desire to misinterpret the Quran
Hatred for infidels
NO JEWS !
We are looking for any qualified candidate . Really ! Anyone can do this job . So just apply and we 'll get you one the first plane to point as something and blow it up .
Salary commensurate with experience
Job Type : Temporary
Required language :
BEREA , Ohio ( AP ) Robert Griffin 's day of thanks came a little early .
For the first time since breaking a bone in their left shoulder in Cleveland 's season opener , Griffin practiced on Wednesday , a significant step for the quarterback whose career has been undermined by injuries and whose future remains unclear .
Griffin arrived at the team 's facility not knowing if they had been formally designated for return by the team . Once they received news they were going to practice , RG3 could hardly contain himself .
'' I put my shoulder pads on and went out and ran around like a little kid , '' they said .
On the field , an energized Griffin slapped hands with teammates during drills , and at one point ran and jumped on offensive coach Pep Hamilton 's back .
Their wait was over , and Griffin celebrated .
Griffin 's return is a much-needed dose of positive news for the winless Browns ( 0-11 ) , whose season took the first of many downward turns when they got hurt late in the fourth quarter of their Cleveland debut .
Their injury changed the direction of Cleveland 's season . It not only sidelined them for 10 weeks , but their latest medical setback prevented the Browns – who signed them to a two-year , $ 15 million in March – from being able to assess the 26-year-old as their franchise quarterback , a position that has remained both baffling and vacant over the past 17 seasons .
While there 's no guarantee Griffin will play again this season , they believe they can be Cleveland 's starter for seasons to come .
'' No doubt , '' they said . '' I have the confidence in that . I ca n't speak for coach or anyone else , but they 've expressed that to me . I still feel I can be the guy for this team , for this organization , and I look forward to going out and proving it . ''
First , they have to prove they can take contact , and the way Browns quarterbacks have been getting pummeled lately , that test could include being run over by a truck .
Griffin is scheduled to undergo another medical test to determine if the bone in their shoulder has healed completely . If he 's cleared , there 's a strong chance he 'll play in one of Cleveland 's final four games after the Dec. 4 bye .
Until then , Griffin can continue practicing as the Browns have 21 days to decide whether to activate them or keep them on injured reserve . Griffin made it clear they want to play .
He 's only made one start in 30 months , and questions about their durability followed Griffin from Washington to Cleveland . Griffin , though , maintains he 's far from finished .
'' I 'm 26 years old , man , I 'm not 45 , '' they said . '' I 've got a lot of years of football left and I 'm real grateful . It 's Thanksgiving , time to give thanks , and I 'm thankful for the ability to have so much experience in the league , good and bad to this point at 26 years old , being in multiple offensive systems . It 's all a learning process . I 'm still young , I 'm still a kid and I look forward to having a long career . I know it 's going to take a lot of hard work and I 'm willing to do it .
'' I 'm not afraid of hard work . ''
Griffin impressed Cleveland 's coaches and their teammates with their willingness to help while they were sidelined . They stayed engaged in meetings , doing all they could to help the Browns snap a losing streak now at 14 over two seasons .
'' He wants it badly , to be out there with their teammates , '' coach Hue Jackson said . '' He wants to do the work and be a part of it and help us get to where we want to go . I have a great respect for that . They have been part of the grind the whole time . It is a good showing by them to show that they want to be out there . Obviously , they could have kind of fallen off totally , but they did n't . That is a plus for him . ''
The Browns have two first-round draft picks next year and may use one on a quarterback . Griffin might be able to alter those plans , but it 's not their motivation .
'' I can go out and play or not play and they can make that decision , '' they said . '' I want to be here . I want to play . I want to help this team win . Whatever they do next year , that 's up to them and I ca n't focus on that because I ca n't control that . ''
NOTES : QB Josh McCown will start Sunday against the Giants , returning to the lineup after rookie Cody Kessler sustained their second concussion last week . Jackson said Kevin Hogan will back up McCown , who took a devastating hit from Steelers defensive tackle Stephon Tuitt after replacing Kessler . '' Josh thought they were Barry Sanders for a second there , '' Griffin joked . … Browns LT Joe Thomas was given Wednesday off to rest their knee .
—
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
60 Minutes employed former Australian soldier 'sharing cell with Al Qaeda agents '
Updated
The former Australian soldier employed by 60 Minutes who was arrested in Lebanon during the failed attempt to recover the children of Sally Faulkner remains in a Beirut jail , where they are apparently sharing a cell with accused terrorists .
Key points : 60 Minutes employed Mr Whittington to help recover Ms Faulkner 's children
Mr Whittington helped recover Mr Dempster 's daughter
Mr Dempster says Mr Whittington is not being properly fed
Claims they are being kept in cell with Al Qaeda terrorists
Adam Whittington was arrested with Ms Faulkner and the 60 Minutes crew , but while they returned home last week , they remained .
A friend of Mr Whittington , Cairns sports coach Stuart Dempster , said they are in contact with Mr Whittington , but would not say how .
`` He 's in a very cramped cell with a hole in the ground as a toilet and it does n't flush , '' Mr Dempster said .
`` He 's lost a lot of weight , they get fed every second day , one meal a day , one meal every second day . ''
Mr Dempster said their friend was sharing a cell with terrorists , despite not yet being charged .
`` He 's been detained like he 's a criminal , and they are saying that the other people in the cell are Al Qaeda agents , Al Qaeda soldiers or terrorists , '' Mr Dempster said .
When asked how the former soldier could be sure of this , Mr Dempster said : `` Oh , he 'll know . He 's a former special forces [ soldier ] , he 'll know . ''
`` He 's talked to them , and the guards are treating them really well , because my take on the guards treating them well is that once the guards know what their job is , rescuing kids , then they soften up and they treat them well .
`` Because they befriend the guards they can talk to them and get information and he 'll know that there 's Al Qaeda agents there . ''
Mr Dempster said they have a personal connection to Mr Whittington .
`` Adam rescued my daughter , my other half [ former partner ] illegally abducted my daughter , '' Mr Dempster said .
`` She took them overseas and cut off communication . ''
Mr Dempster said while they accept their friend stands accused of a serious crime under Lebanese law , `` Nelson Mandela was also in jail as well '' .
Topics : terrorism , family-law , law-crime-and-justice , lebanon , australia
First posted
Has it really been seven years since the first release of WordPress ? It seems like just yesterday we were fresh to the world , a new entrant to a market everyone said was already saturated . ( As a side note , if the common perception is that a market is finished and that everything interesting has been done already , it 's probably a really good time to enter it . )
The growth over the past year has blown me away . Since our last birthday we 've doubled theme downloads to over 10 million , and doubled plugin downloads to 60 million . Most importantly , we continued to grow the development community to 1,528 people active on Trac and 13 committers , both numbers the highest in the history of WordPress .
That 's 1,528 people pouring their hearts and souls into GPL software we all own , we all build on , we can use as we please , we can all make better . We 've evolved from a simple script to a web platform .
We 're on the cusp of version 3.0 , with a release candidate coming out any minute now .
If you 'd like to celebrate WordPress 's birthday with us — tell a friend ! Help them upgrade their blog or find the perfect theme . Talk about how WordPress is built by and for a community . Drop in to help test 3.0 , including all the plugins you use . Write something to take advantage of the new 3.0 features , or teach your friends how to . If you buy any themes or plugins , make sure they 're GPL or compatible just like WordPress . We 've got a long road ahead of us , it 's important that we not forget that Open Source got us this far , and is the only way we 're going to get to the next level . The whole of what we can build together is far greater than the sum of our parts . Spread the good word . 🙂
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Email
Castro responds to shift on Cuba policy
HAVANA , Cuba — Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro ended their long silence over their country 's decision to restore diplomatic ties with the United States , writing that they back the negotiations even though they distrust politics in Washington .
The comments were the first by the 88-year-old revolutionary leader on the talks with the U.S. since the historic Dec. 17 declaration from the Obama administration that the countries would move to restore ties broken more than a half century ago .
Story Continued Below
“ I do n't trust the policy of the United States , nor have I exchanged a word with them , but this does not mean I reject a pacific solution to the conflicts , ” they wrote in a letter to a student federation read at the University of Havana . It also appeared in Communist Party newspaper Granma .
“ We will always defend cooperation and friendship with all the people of the world , including with our political adversaries , ” they wrote .
Two weeks ago , Fidel Castro sent a letter to soccer legend Diego Maradona to quash rumors of their death . At the time , it was the first reported word from Castro in nearly three months . The letter was read on Venezuela state television network Telesur .
A serious illness forced Castro to step down from duties as president in 2006 , handing over leadership to their younger brother Raul .
The speculation about Fidel Castro 's health had been prompted in part by their failure to comment after the U.S. and Cuba declared on Dec. 17 that they would move to restore full diplomatic relations broken a half century ago .
The latest statement from Fidel was dated Jan. 26 .
Spoiler alert : it was n't impossible . I 'm still here . And I do n't feel like that any more – I feel great , most days ! But when the brochures tell you ‘ it 's normal to feel overwhelmed , exhausted , scared , and alone , ' they really mean it . They just ca n't get across how common it is , and how huge and powerful those feelings are .
I knew , rationally , that I was n't alone . I read brochures . I hung out on parenting boards . I was well supported by friends and family . But new motherhood gets under your skin ; it gets into your brain . Pain and exhaustion make you feel things that are n't true . The Pampers commercials , the breastfeeding books , the Facebook photo albums of angelic sleeping babes swaddled in organic knit blankets in modest neutrals – it feels like you 're the only one who ca n't get it together . You 're the only one who cries when their milk lets down . You 're the only one who thinks dark , terrifying thoughts . You 're alone .
One of the most incredible things about doing How Baby is how many mothers have emailed to thank me for talking frankly about postpartum depression – not as something some mothers might experience , but as something this mother did . And you know what ? That 's been incredibly healing for me , too . I 'm not a doctor . I 'm not a parenting guru . When I started How Baby , I did n't have my shit together – I was just shooting a flare from the deck of my sinking ship , and in the dark of night I saw a hundred other flares light up the sky . By that light , I saw land was closer than I thought , if I could only swim .
I was n't alone . You 're not alone .
In your dark of night , I hope you see my flare and follow me to shore .
Microsoft 's online stores in the US and UK have seemingly confirmed that its next-generation motion sensing Kinect 2 device will be available for Windows PCs beginning next week .
Although we knew it was on the way , we were n't sure exactly when Microsoft would start offering the device to a wider audience . Now it seems we have that answer – it will go on sale from July 15 priced at $ 199 in the US and £159 in the UK . Pre-orders are open now .
Originally conceived and launched as part of Microsoft 's Xbox gaming console , the original Kinect was recognized as offering interesting touch-free system control opportunities for Windows users away from the console . The newer version offers a better camera , among other tweaks . Microsoft notes , however , that the unit arrives without any software and is intended to be used with the Kinect for Windows SDK 2.0 and will only work with apps designed specifically for it .
➤ Microsoft Store via Engadget
Read next : LokLok for Android lets you send doodles , photos and messages directly from your lockscreen
In response to the continued crisis of homelessness on the streets of Seattle , Mayor Ed Murray issued an emergency order to expedite the siting of two safe lots in Ballard and Delridge for homeless individuals and families living in recreational vehicles and cars .
“ These are not long term solutions to end homelessness , but temporary locations that can be managed to provide a safer environment for those living on our streets and have less impact on our neighborhoods , ” said Murray . “ The City 's active case management services will reach out to those experiencing homelessness and living in their vehicles , with the goal to help move them to permanent housing as quickly as possible . These safe lots will also help reduce the public health issues currently impacting several of our neighborhoods . ”
The new safe lots are part of the City 's overall actions under Mayor Murray 's Proclamation of Civil Emergency on homelessness that has spurred the opening and expansion of new shelters and authorized tent encampments , and increased investments in services and outreach . Opening the new safe lots will occur along with additional trash pickups in neighborhoods , as well as renewed enforcement of the City 's existing parking rules and addressing public safety issues that have arisen in recent months .
“ When Mayor Murray declared the state of emergency , the direction given to us was to take significant steps to immediately help those in need living on our streets and address underlying causes of homelessness . Since then , Seattle has expanded outreach services , opened up space for nearly 300 individuals in new shelters or authorized tent encampments and we have invested more in prevention services . Today 's announcement of new safe lots is another part of this larger effort under the state of emergency to provide immediate , short term assistance , ” said Catherine Lester , Director of Seattle 's Human Services Department . “ In addition to the authority under the Mayor 's emergency orders , we will be able to stand up these safe lots quickly thanks to the fast work of our partners including local service providers , other City departments and WSDOT . ”
To expedite the siting and permitting of the safe lots , Mayor Murray is exercising powers invoked under their Proclamation of Civil Emergency on homelessness issued on Nov. 2 , 2015 . The mayor will send the emergency order to the City Council today , where it can be approved , rejected or amended .
Expected to begin operations in 30 days , the two safe lots can hold up to an estimated 50 vehicles . Each site will have sanitation and garbage service , as well as case management assistance for those experiencing homelessness in order to build pathways to permanent housing . All residents must abide by a code of conduct policy that will prohibit drugs and violence , and require residents to be good neighbors .
The Ballard site , the Yankee Diner parking lot at Shilshole Ave. NW and 24th Ave. NW , is owned by Seattle Public Utilities . The Seattle Department of Transportation has been in negotiations with the Washington State Department of Transportation to acquire a parking lot next to the Glass Yard lot at West Marginal Way and Highland Park Way SW for the Delridge site . The City and WSDOT are discussing the terms of the sale of the property and will likely require future legislation to finalize the purchase and sale agreement . But to accommodate the Mayor 's emergency order , WSDOT has agreed to allow the City to use the site as a safe lot in the intervening period during these negotiations .
Councilmember Sally Bagshaw ( District 7 – Pioneer Square to Magnolia ) thanked Mayor Murray and their administration for identifying spaces for people who are living in their vehicles to have a safe and hygienic place to park . “ Homelessness extends far beyond our City 's limits and I look forward to working with human service providers , faith institutions , and King County leaders to create more safe spaces . This is a strong beginning , but not the end of delivering better care for neighbors who need our support , ” said Bagshaw .
“ Pacific Fishermen understands and shares the social responsibility and importance to the City of helping those experiencing homelessness . We support the Mayor 's approach and the use of the Yankee Diner site . If these lots are managed properly , good folks will get the services they need and there will be a reduced impact on businesses , ” said Doug Dixon , General Manager of Pacific Fishermen Shipyard , which is located next door to the Yankee Diner site .
While the safe lots are being set up , temporary permitted street parking zones on City right of way will be established for those living in vehicles under the mayor 's emergency order . The temporary zones will have sanitation services and will be in place for 30 days until the safe lots are operational . The three temporary parking zones are :
Compass Housing Alliance , an existing non-profit service provider on contract with the City , will provide outreach and case management to those living in vehicles to connect them with services and a pathway to housing .
Last November , as part of the mayor 's Proclamation of Civil Emergency , the City Council unanimously approved their request for $ 5 million in new , one-time funds and added an additionally $ 2.3 million during the budget process for a total of $ 7.3 million . Some of those emergency dollars and a repurposing of an existing $ 350,000 in the City 's Human Services Department 's budget will go towards the operations and services required to stand up the safe lots and provide sanitation services to the temporary parking zones .
In addition to Seattle 's safe lots announced today , King County is studying funding options that would provide mental health , hygiene and case management services at faith-based safe parking locations across the county .
Under existing City ordinances , recreational vehicles may not be parked overnight on streets in non-industrial areas . In industrial zones , vehicles are prohibited from parking in the same location for more than 72 hours . Each of the locations announced today , both longer-term and temporary , are in industrial areas . Outside of these announced safe lots and temporary parking zones , the City will continue to enforce all existing and applicable laws related to parking throughout Seattle .
The mayor 's emergency order also invokes the authority for expedited siting of the third permitted tent encampment that is allowed under the ordinance approved unanimously by the City Council last year . The new encampment will be located in a neighborhood without an existing encampment or a new permanent safe lot .
Since the declaration of emergency , the City and its partners have opened up nearly 300 new spaces in shelters and authorized encampments , including the Queen Anne Shelter , authorized encampments in Ballard & Interbay , King County Admin building & the so-called Zombie building at 4th and Jefferson . Before the state of emergency , Seattle funded ( and continues to fund ) 1,600 other shelter beds .
In early January , a new shelter with capacity for 60 women opened in Greenwood . This week , Mary 's Place , which is using a City-owned building in North Seattle , expanded that facility to serve up to 100 women and children . This month , for the first time , a mobile medical van is serving those experiencing homelessness in Seattle .
Since the Mayor declared a homeless state of emergency , the City of Seattle will now invest nearly $ 50 million in services and shelter to help those experiencing homelessness for 2016 . This is the largest annual investment in Seattle 's history .
An analysis of the City 's annual investment in homelessness services can be read HERE .
A summary of the Mayor 's spending proposal when they declared a state of emergency can be found HERE .
Maps of the two safe lots and the three temporary parking zones can be viewed HERE .
BRUNSWICK , Maine ( NEWS CENTER ) -- Thirty five volunteers and eighteen canines make up the team of Maine Search and Rescue Dogs ( MESARD ) that all comply with the rules of the Maine Association for Search and Rescue ( MASAR ) standards . One of those dogs has given both groups a reason to be proud of their work .
Elizabeth Fossett spends around 30 hours a month training their German Shepard , Kobuk , on search and rescue . The pair have been volunteering with MESARD since 2012 and in 2014 they were the dog that located 77-year-old Ruth Brennan . Brennan , who had diabetes and dementia , was missing for three days until Kobuk 's nose tracked 2/10 of a mile to find them
`` Kobuk came up over the hill and gave me their trained bark alert that they had found them and located her , '' said Fossett . `` It was a thrill and it changed their lives . ''
For their hard work , Kobuk received an award from the American Humane Association in September . Fossett and their 7-year-old dog flew to Los Angeles to receive the Search and Rescue Hero Dog award .
`` Pinch me because how did we go from running around the woods of Maine to walking around the red carpet of Hollywood , '' asked Fossett with a smile .
MESARD is made up of all volunteers and relies entirely on donations . Click here to make a contribution .
Copyright 2016 WCSH
Polish archaeologists have uncovered a time capsule buried underneath concrete at a former Nazi youth training school in the northwestern city Zlocieniec .
According to Zlocieniec 's mayor , the cylinder was buried under a foundation stone during the construction of the Ordensburg Krossinsee , in April 1934 .
Explorers in Zlocieniec dug for the copper cylinder after learning it could hold a documentary movie showing celebrations of the town 's 600-year anniversary , in 1933 .
At the time , the city was in Germany and was called Falkenburg .
READ MORE : Abraham Peck , who survived 9 Nazi concentration camps , passes away at age 91
When the container was opened on Sept. 13 , it held no film but did have the centre 's 1934 founding act on parchment , a letter , coins , photos and two copies of Hitler 's book , “ Mein Kampf . ”
Unlike many time capsules , the contents of which are often damaged or destroyed by water , the contents of this capsule had been perfectly preserved .
The contents have now been transferred to the National Museum in Szczecin , for cataloguing , translation , preservation and display .
Nothing like a few optimistic Philadelphia Flyers predictions to help get you through the offseason .
A lot of sports prediction posts make outlandish claims as a means of maximizing clicks and riling up the fanbase . This is not one of those posts . Of course , it 's no fun if the predictions being made are little more than restated facts , either . There 's a perfect , delectable middle ground to be found here , like the frosting of an Oreo cookie . Here are three Philadelphia Flyers predictions for the upcoming season that aim for that frosting .
Sean Couturier finally breaks out
Yeah , yeah , you 've heard it before . Sean Couturier has played six seasons in the NHL , and they have still yet to crack 40 points in any of them . It 's fair to say at this point that Cooter will never be an elite scorer , lacking the skating ability to consistently generate shot attempts from dangerous parts of the ice by himself .
But that does n't mean Couturier ca n't still have a breakout year- it just means we have to reevaluate what a “ breakout year ” means for the guy . Ignoring the arbitrary nature of the 40-point benchmark , Couturier has already displayed solid scoring ability in their career . They were on pace for 51 points during the 2015-16 season before injuries limited them to 63 games . The injury bug struck again last season as well , and seemed to throw Couturier off before they ever got started .
A healthy Sean Couturier would all but guarantee a silencing of the naysayers , allowing fans to appreciate the play-driving , defensive powerhouse they are without being concerned about their scoring . This really could be Couturier 's year .
Travis Konecny outplays Nolan Patrick
Nolan Patrick is almost certainly going to have a productive rookie year , strange facial infections notwithstanding . But Patrick is not the same caliber of prospect as an Auston Matthews or a Connor McDavid . A reasonable , optimistic projection for them would be somewhere around 20 goals and 20 assists . Solid numbers , but not remarkable . Combined with their rather significant injury risk , it seems highly unlikely that Patrick will post raw stats that rival the best rookie performances of the past few seasons .
Meanwhile , Travis Konecny is poised to make a big jump in their second season with the Flyers . Their rookie year was somewhat disappointing , scoring an underwhelming 28 points in 70 games . But their play-driving metrics ( 49.8 % score-adjusted Corsi For % at 5 v. 5 ) were n't bad for a rookie . We 've known Konecny has the offensive skill to be an excellent scorer at the top level since they were drafted- it 's just a matter of gaining experience . Not every NHL player has the natural talent to make plays like these :
The Flyers will make the playoffs
Not the hottest of takes , considering playoffs are always a goal for almost every NHL team , but there really is no reason to think the Flyers wo n't pull it off . The Flyers are younger and more chock-full of potential than they have been in years . Patrick , Oskar Lindblom , and the team 's enviable horde of defenseman prospects are sure to invigorate the Flyers ' stale lineup . Many of the players that fans believed Dave Hakstol placed too much faith in , such as 5 v. 5 black hole Brayden Schenn and the entire fourth line of Pierre-Edouard Bellemare , Chris VandeVelde and Roman Lyubimov , have been exiled for one reason or another .
As a result , the Flyers are a sure bet to have a stronger season .. Making the playoffs should be a primary goal , even in a competitive Eastern Conference . If the team ends up falling short , expect even bigger changes come this time next year .
( Stats via Natural Stat Trick and Hockey Reference )
Steven E. Salterio is professor and director of the CPA-Queen 's Centre for Governance at the Smith School of Business , Queen 's University . Russell A. Evans is a PhD candidate in accounting at the Smith School of Business .
Accountability is a buzzword of our time . The legitimate right to compel others to account for their actions in democratic institutions resides with those who elect them as their representatives . But in the strange world of Canada 's First Nations , it is the federal government that asserts itself as the legitimate body to call elected First Nations leaders to account .
It 's no wonder that First Nations leaders , seeking to enhance their legitimacy with their own people , have opted to go to the courts to fight Ottawa 's demands .
Story continues below advertisement
Excessive federal government accountability demands on First Nations are well documented . The 2002 Auditor-General 's report found that the average First Nations community in Canada was required to complete 168 reports annually just to keep funding for basic services flowing to their bands . Imagine 168 accountability reports for a median-sized community of 1,000 people , located far from major population centres and facing social and educational challenges on par with many Third World countries . A decade later , the Auditor-General revisited this accountability overload and found no improvement .
Yet in a political response to the Idle No More movement , then-prime minister Stephen Harper 's government mandated a 169th report through the First Nations Financial Transparency Act . Of course , the government rhetoric was about raising the accountability of First Nations leaders to their people . How was this to be achieved ? By requiring 581 First Nations to publicly post their audited financial statements and the salary information of the chief and council to the federal Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development website .
Failure to comply with this 169th report was enforced by the threat of withholding band administration funds – the very money needed to bring bands into compliance . With astuteness worthy of Machiavelli , former aboriginal affairs minister Bernard Valcourt disingenuously suggested that First Nations divert funds from social and educational programs , which would continue to flow as block grants , to the band administration !
Astonishingly , this suggestion was made at a time when Mr. Harper 's government was attempting to portray First Nations leaders as dishonest and corrupt to their own communities . There are currently 43 First Nations not in compliance with the act , with a total of $ 1.2-million of funding being withheld . What this tells us is that despite the accountability overload represented by report No . 169 and its questionable motives , the vast majority of band leaders have complied with its requirements . The result is simple : The demand for accountability to Ottawa in the name of band members leads to these very members viewing their elected leaders as government pawns . This is hardly the heady stuff of leaders of sovereign governments , who are supposed to be advocating for their people 's legitimate rights on a `` nation to nation '' basis . Indeed , the rare cases of legitimate First Nations resistance to the regime of excessive accountability tend to be trumpeted negatively in the news media . This adds to the climate of animosity and mistrust between First Nations people and the general Canadian population , blurring the reality that First Nations have the skills to govern themselves .
Achieving First Nations sovereignty begins with a demonstration of First Nations leaders ' ability to govern , including a focus on leaders accounting to those who elect them . Accountability demands that focus First Nation leaders ' attention solely on complying with federal government reporting is a roadblock on the path to self-government . While many indigenous people view self-government as far from perfect , it begins to return the First Nations communities to `` nation-to-nation '' status with Canada , as defined in the 1763 Royal Proclamation , in court decisions and in our Constitution .
Government paternalism , hidden in the form of rhetoric about increased accountability , only hinders the advancement of First Nations toward sovereignty . If advances are not made soon , we will merely see the continuation of the long , unhealthy relationship between Canada and the First Nations . Let us hope that the new federal government does not repeat the mistakes of the past , and that it takes actions to develop a framework where accountability of First Nations leaders to their own people is seen as first and foremost .
The UI has seen some more changes , with the inclusion of Frigates ( and potentially fighters further down the line ) it became necessary to make wing management as autonomous as possible . The little buggers are fiddly to click on and while they are in combat the player will need a way to pull them back to the carrier and dock them for replen/repairs with minimal fuss .
Posted by mawhrin-skel on Dec 4th , 2014
So the Indie awards are upon us , it 's our first time on the competition and it 's quite exciting but what 's more exciting is the progress on the game . With the core now resembling a complex state machine many of the tricky bugs associated with inconsistent targeting and movement states are a thing of the past . Launching and docking is now capable from bays located anywhere on the ship ( a bit trickier than you might think that one ) and fixed weapons are now written in for Frigates . I 'm looking forward to adding huge spinal mounted special guns , gon na be cool .
On the subject of weapons the bulk of the effects palette has been delivered so we 'll be injecting a variety of new guns over the coming months , we 're particularly chuffed with the oscillations of the lightning gun . One thing that I did have a little panic about was sound . Unity comes with a damn fine sound system rolled into the package but we 've written our own pooling and delivery system allowing us to prevent overloading by limiting the amount of sounds played and preventing lag spikes while playing them , also allows us to easily loop the sounds of the beam weapons which , simply put , sound amazing .
Adding sounds to this thing is going to open a few eye 's I can tell you that , but we 're not ready with that yet really - there 's one thing worse than having no sounds and that 's only having half the sounds !
The UI has seen some more changes , with the inclusion of Frigates ( and potentially fighters further down the line ) it became necessary to make wing management as autonomous as possible . The little buggers are fiddly to click on and while they are in combat the player will need a way to pull them back to the carrier and dock them for replen/repairs with minimal fuss . If you look at the screenshot above you can see status icons next to the wings , by clicking these icons when the ship is in a specific state invokes a specific action . So clicking the status icon when the ship is moving means the ship will break course to pursue a foe , clicking it when a ship is docked will launch it . The aim here is to make it intuitive and reduce the number of actions per minute therefore making the game more enjoyable .
You 've probably also noticed the inclusion of some new icons on the screenshots . Well I have to say I had somewhat of a reality check , me and Alex play the prototype and talk about the experience regularly and I surmise that it makes no sense for me to come bounding through the doors with some uber-complex ‘ Total War-in-space ' type thing . The only people I 'll be trying to satisfy with that are the people most likely to pick it apart . So instead I 'm going to go with the tried and tested ‘ abilities ' method , different weapons systems , skills and upgrades will give the ship special abilities which can be activated at the required time . Again this reduces the actions per minute leading to a better experience and I have to say it 'll be a LOT easier to code .
Besides , I feel that people will be more forgiving if I increase the complexity down the line , but no-one will forgive me for removing complexity when the rubbish reviews come in - forgetting not that the damage to the games good name will probably already do . So in-game ; ‘ Energy ' will become a conduit to these abilities rather than the planned systems management approach . The game will be juicy enough without the planned energy management features and trust me there will be enough to do as it is !
Coming soon are two new videos , the first is another progress video showing just how far we 've come in the last 4-5 months and the second will be showing off Frigates and their various abilities ( fixed weapons , mining ) our German friend has been churning out ships like a madman so there 's plenty to show off there also , along with the changes to the UI , weapons effects , the huge Outpost model maybe ... Well I 'm rambling anyway - so just watch this not-so Shallow Space because there is more greatness inbound !
Vote for us - help us get noticed and sign up to the newsletter to get notified of the new videos , posts , major developments first and even a chance to take part in the alpha Shallow-space.com
As always , we are honoured by your continued attention .
James
By Natalia Castro
The former Obama administration wanted to save the environment , but rather than asking American industries for help , the administration decided they knew best and instead imposed regulations on companies . One of the most damaging regulations , affecting nearly every American citizen , was Obama 's expansion of the Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) standards , regulating automakers on fuel efficiency but instead slowing their growth and stifling innovation . Luckily , the Trump administration is giving the voices oppressed under Obama 's system a seat at the table once again .
Since the oil shortages of the 1970s , fuel regulations have been imposed on the automobile industry , but the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has used CAFE standards to combat climate change and lower greenhouse gas emissions . In 2011 , the Obama EPA and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) came together to force automakers to improve fuel efficiency standards by 2025 , with a midterm review occurring in 2016 .
Theoretically , in 2016 the EPA and the NHTSA would communicate with automakers to create standards that are feasible for compliance before they issued their Final Determination for CAFE standards ; but instead , the unrestrained power Obama gave the EPA allowed them to usurp the automakers most affected by this policy and even the NHTSA , who the EPA is supposed to be working with .
As the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers explained in a letter to EPA Director Scott Pruitt , “ EPA issued the Proposed Determination without coordinating with NHTSA . EPA demanded comments by December 30 , 2016 , even though the Proposed Determination was not published in the Federal Register until December 6 . The public and industry had a mere 24 days , spanning a major national holiday , to comment on nearly I ,000 pages of documents , plus additional cited documents and computer modeling , regarding requirements that will profoundly affect the automobile industry and the more than 900,000 American workers it directly employs . ”
It makes sense that automakers are angered by the EPA 's overreach , while they have been taken out of the discussion , they have the most to lose . These regulations are both realistically unattainable and extremely expensive to attempt .
The letter continues to explain , “ As the Supreme Court has recognized , EPA 's regulatory efforts to address greenhouse gases have already produced ‘ the single largest expansion in the scope of the [ Clean Air Act ] in its history'…standards . The Alliance supported these efforts-but only on the condition that EPA and NHTSA would reassess standards as data became available to test their feasibility . That commitment was essential because of the great uncertainty regarding the feasibility of the future standards . Based on the projections in the 2012 rule , manufacturers must achieve an average 54.5 miles per gallon equivalent across their new vehicle fleets by 2025 . Even today , no conventional vehicle today meets that target , and conventional vehicles comprise 96.5 percent of the new light-duty vehicle fleet . ”
The letter goes on to describe that the automotive industry would have to spend $ 200 billion between 2012 and 2025 to comply with the EPA 's rules .
Luckily President Trump has empowered the Department of Transportation to stand up to the EPA .
Under the leadership of Secretary Elaine Chao , the Department has announced they will be reviewing the midterm evaluation done solely by the EPA , allowing the NHTSA and automakers a voice in the discussion .
The Final Rules released by the Department will allow the NHTSA to reconsider the EPA 's guidelines and seek further comments from the public . The second final rule delays the imposition of the EPA 's guidelines while the NHTSA reconsiders with stakeholder input .
Finally , the Obama Administration 's unyielding power will be reined in , and the EPA will be forced to work with the industries they are affecting rather than against . President Trump is not only proving that they are willing to limit government , but also protect the industries that will truly make American great again .
Natalia Castro is a contributing editor at Americans for Limited Government .
Welcome , new Cocoa or Cocoa Touch programmer .
Here are some things you will need to know .
Cocoa vs. Cocoa Touch Cocoa is the Mac development framework , principally consisting of Foundation , the Application Kit ( a.k.a . AppKit ) , and Core Data . Cocoa Touch is the iPhone development framework , principally consisting of Foundation , UIKit , and Core Data . ( “ iPhone ” here means devices running the iPhone OS , including the iPod touch and iPad . ) On Stack Overflow , please do n't tag your question cocoa unless it has to do with Cocoa . It 's OK to put an iPhone question there as long as it 's about something that exists on both platforms . Tagging an iPhone-specific question “ cocoa ” is inaccurate , and wastes the time of Mac-only programmers like myself .
( You would n't want me to tag my Mac-specific questions “ cocoa-touch ” , would you ? )
Critically important things Memory management is based on ownership . ( These rules do n't apply under garbage collection . If you 're using or supporting GC , see the Garbage Collection Programming Guide . ) If you create an object with a method whose selector contains the word “ alloc ” or “ new ” , or with a function whose name contains the word “ Create ” , then you own it . If you make a copy of an existing object using a method whose selector contains the word “ copy ” , or from a function whose name contains the word “ Copy ” ( or obtain an object from such a function ) , then you own the copy . Otherwise , you do n't own the object . If you own an object , you are obliged to release it . If you do n't own an object , but you want to , then you have two choices : Take co-ownership of the object by retaining it . Make a copy of the object , and own that . Ignore the retainCount method and its Core Foundation equivalent . They are practically useless and frequently misleading . Instead , think about ownerships . Does object A own object B ? If so , then it should have either ( a ) created object B itself , ( b ) copied object B from some other object , or ( c ) retained object B upon receiving it from elsewhere .
If object A does not own object B , then in cases ( a ) and ( b ) , it should have autoreleased object B immediately after creating it , and case ( c ) usually should not happen at all . If object A owns object B , but has not done ( a ) , ( b ) , or ( c ) , then object B is under-retained and may die while object A is holding on to it . When object A goes to use it , you will crash . If object A does not own object B , but does ( a ) , ( b ) , or ( c ) , then object B is over-retained , and , assuming that object A does not release it , object B will become a leak . The definitive word on this subject is in the Memory Management Programming Guide for Cocoa and the Memory Management Programming Guide for Core Foundation .
Read both of those documents from start to finish .
Cocoa and Cocoa Touch are designed around Model-View-Controller . Maintain the MVC separation at all times . Failure to do so will make development harder , because you will be doing more work . The framework can do a lot for you , but only if your app is properly factored into Model , View , and Controller .
Everything in C is exactly the same in Objective-C. Objective-C is a strict superset of C ; unlike C++ , there are no changes to existing aspects of C. C is a thorny language . Concepts such as pointers and the preprocessor are alien to most languages , and to you if you 've never used a language that has them before . Since these features exist in C , they exist in Objective-C , and you will use or at least encounter them . So , learn C first , so that your first encounters with them will be ones of deliberate usage and not ones of confusion .
Core Data is not a relational ( SQL ) database . It is not SQLite or any other . More on this later . If you want a relational database , such as SQLite , you can use SQLite . Both Mac OS X and the iPhone include SQLite , so you can just use that directly ( or through a thin wrapper such as FMDB ) . You 'll be giving up all of Core Data 's niceties , though , such as support for NSPredicates and ( on the Mac ) Cocoa Bindings .
Interface Builder is your friend . If you 're coming from another platform , you 're used to writing your user interface in code . You may even fear graphical GUI-design tools such as Interface Builder . Do n't . IB is your friend . It will save you hours of tedious work writing UI code . Embrace it .
When your app crashes , use the debugger . If you 're new to programming , the debugger will mystify you . Take the time to read the documentation about it , and maybe seek out some screencasts about it . The debugger will tell you about why your app crashed—most times , all you need to do is read what it says . Do n't forget to check the Debugger Console . Often , the framework will dump useful information there .
Instruments is your friend . Instruments will tell you , among other things : Which things are retaining an object ( and which ones have not yet released it ) ( ObjectAlloc ) Which objects own which other objects ( ObjectGraph ; Mac-only ) Which objects and other allocations still exist , even though nothing knows about them anymore ( Leaks ) What your app is doing in processor time ( Sampler ) Any time the question “ why is XYZ slow ? ” or “ will XYZ be slow ? ” enters your head , or even a guess that XYZ will be slow , implement XYZ ( if you have n't already ) and then run Instruments .
Terminology Objective-C is a programming language . Cocoa and Cocoa Touch are frameworks—collections of Application Programming Interfaces ( APIs ) . You write your code in the Objective-C language , using the Cocoa/Cocoa Touch APIs . All of the NS-prefixed ( and , on the iPhone , UI-prefixed ) classes , protocols , and categories you 'll use are part of the Cocoa and/or Cocoa Touch frameworks , not the Objective-C language . In Objective-C : Instances have instance variables , not members . Members are only for structures and unions ; Objective-C classes are not the same as C structures .
, not members . Members are only for structures and unions ; Objective-C classes are not the same as C structures . Classes do not have members , static or otherwise . There are no class variables . The closest thing is what C calls a static variable , in the class 's implementation file . This is not the same thing : A static variable at file scope is only visible within that file , and it is visible to everything in that file . So , if you were to put multiple classes into that file , all of them would have access to the variable . Conversely , if you were to split the one class into multiple files , only the part that was in the same file as the variable declaration would have access to it . If you were to copy the declaration to all of the files , each file would have its own variable with the same name as all of the others—i.e. , you would have multiple variables with the same name . Thus , “ static variables ” in C ( and , hence , Objective-C ) are not the same as “ static variables ” in certain object-oriented languages that are n't Objective-C . However , in practice , the distinction is minor : When you do need a class variable , a static variable in the implementation file ( as long as it 's just one file ) works as a substitute .
Subclasses descend from or inherit from their superclasses . This is what other languages call “ extends ” , but in Objective-C , that English verb more accurately describes categories .
Functions and methods are two different things . Instances and classes have methods . Functions , being a C feature , are not related to any class or instance , regardless of where you declare them .
Spelling notes The IDE is spelled Xcode : Lowercase c , no hyphen . The object modeling and persistence framework is spelled Core Data : Two words , again with no hyphen . ( Not “ CoreData ” or “ Core-Data ” ) . On Stack Overflow , use the core-data tag . Similarly , Core Foundation , Core Graphics , etc . Apple is not always consistent about this ( “ CoreGraphics ” and “ CoreImage ” are not uncommon ) , but outside of pathnames , including the space is never wrong . On Stack Overflow , tags ca n't have spaces , so use a hyphen in place of the space : core-foundation , core-data , core-graphics , cocoa-touch . “ cocoa touch ” , with a space , is two tags , “ cocoa ” and “ touch ” .
Core Data is : A modeling framework . You lay out your app 's model graphically in Xcode . At run time , the managed objects are your model objects .
An object persistence framework . Core Data will handle major portions of reading objects from and writing them to long-term storage ( e.g. , disk ) for you . Core Data is not : Just a wrapper of SQLite . One of the storage formats you can choose is based on SQLite , but that is an implementation detail . You have no direct access to the schema or to the database . You can not issue SQL queries , regardless of which store you 're using .
A relational database . It is an object database . There are no selects , no updates , no order by or limit clauses ; there are only inserts and fetches . You do n't work with rows in tables , you work with objects , classed by entity .
Bindings ( Mac only ) It bears repeating : Make model objects . Bindings will kick your ass if you use property-list objects ( e.g. , dictionaries ) as model objects . It looks like less work at first , but it 's really not—in Cocoa , model objects pay off because you 're working with the framework , not against it . The Bindings Inspector in Interface Builder distinguishes the Controller Key from the Model Key Path for a reason . Consider the common example of binding a table column in a table view : You bind the column 's value binding to a property of a controller ( typically arrangedObjects of an NSArrayController ) .
binding to a property of a controller ( typically of an NSArrayController ) . The column asks the controller for the value of the Controller Key , and gets model objects . Each row in the table view corresponds to one of these objects .
The column then asks each model object for the value of the Model Key Path , and gets a value object ( e.g. , an image , string , or attributed string ) to pass to the cell , and thus to display to the user . Thus , the columns are subordinate to the rows : Each row is a whole model object , broken down into columns , each of which shows part of the object . In the other direction , if the user edits one of the rows , the cell 's value will change , and the table column/table view will set the new object as the model object 's new value for the Model Key Path . This means that it is not possible to use cell editing to replace one object with another in the array , because those objects must be model objects , and the cell can only display and change the value of some property of each object . There are two solutions to that : ( a ) Make the model object able to update all of its other properties whenever one of its vital properties is changed ( which is fragile , because you will fall behind on the set of properties that need to be updated ) , or ( b ) Use a data source , not Bindings . Bindings are great for certain common cases , but not for everything . There is no shame in using a data source for things that are incompatible with the way Bindings work . Just be sure you are n't doing something deeply wrong , such as not implementing a model layer .
Exceptions vs. errors Never call an exception an “ error ” , nor an exception message ( printed in the Console ) an “ error message ” . This is wrong . Exceptions and errors are different things for completely opposite purposes . Errors are things that have gone wrong that the user needs to know about , and possibly to handle . Exceptions are the opposite : Things that the user should never know happened . Some exceptions ( arguably most ) should never happen at all , because they indicate that something has gone wrong inside your program . You may use assertions to detect such cases ; when an assertion detects such a case ( i.e. , fails ) , the assertion failure is an exception . In Cocoa , the Application Kit provides APIs to let you present errors to the user . It provides no such features for exceptions , because that 's not what they 're for . Whenever your app needs to handle a problem , do n't reach for exceptions immediately—think about whether the problem is an exception or an error , and use the one that 's appropriate .
Windows , plural On the iPhone , your app normally only has one window , due to both screen size limitations and the current UI model . ( It 's not yet clear whether this restriction will disappear on the iPad . ) On the Mac , your application has multiple windows . Even if you only create and manage one window , it has others , including the About , Font , Color , Find , and Spelling panels . Even an application that provides no way to access the Font , Color , Find , and Spelling panels ( such as a game ) will still have an About panel . So , your application does not have “ the window ” or “ its window ” . It has multiple windows . Get used to this ; it will matter sooner or later in your app 's lifetime . When practicing with Cocoa , you may want to make a document-based application , at least as a toy app , in order to jump with both feet into the multiple-windows world . What Cocoa calls “ the main window ” is the active window : the one that has the active appearance . There 's also “ the key window ” , which is the window that receives key events . These are not always the same window : Thus , “ the main window ” ( the active one ) may not be what you consider the Main ( primary ) Window : The About panel , for example , can be main ( active ) while your Main Window is not . A document-based app has no Main ( primary ) Window , but as long as it has at least one window , it has a main ( active ) window . A window can be key even if it can not become main , as demonstrated by the Inspector panel in the above screenshot .
Mindfulness seems to improve nearly every aspect of health -- but how ? While mounting research has revealed many of the numerous physical and mental health benefits of mindfulness , little is known of the mechanisms underlying these positive changes .
`` Many people are skeptical about whether there are helpful aspects of mindfulness meditation practices , '' Dr. David Creswell , a professor of psychology at the university and the study 's lead author , told The Huffington Post . `` We show that mindfulness meditation impacts measurable brain circuits more so than helpful relaxation practices , and that these brain circuit changes help us understand how mindfulness meditation improves health . ''
The researchers found that inflammation seems to be the key factor , as mindfulness reduces it by way of impacting changes in the brain 's functional connectivity .
“ [ T ] his new work sheds light into what mindfulness training is doing to the brain to produce these inflammatory health benefits , ” Creswell said in a statement .
Chronic inflammation -- the long-term , runaway activation of the immune system 's defense response , even in the absence of infection or injury -- is at the core of a host of health problems , including heart disease , diabetes , cancer , stroke , depression and Alzheimer 's disease .
This new work sheds light into what mindfulness training is doing to the brain to produce these inflammatory health benefits . '' Dr. David Creswell of Carnegie Mellon University
The researchers recruited 35 stressed-out adult job-seekers , and asked half of the participants to complete an intensive three-day mindfulness meditation retreat program while the other half completed a three-day relaxation retreat program that did not have a mindfulness component .
The participants completed brain scans before and after the programs , and also provided blood samples before the programs and after a four-month follow-up .
The brain scans revealed that meditation increased functional connectivity between two brain areas that typically work in opposition : the default mode network ( which is involved in mind-wandering and internal reflection ) and the executive attention network ( key to attention , planning and decision-making ) . Relaxation training , however , did not have this effect .
The blood samples showed that participants who underwent the mindfulness training had lower levels of Interleukin-6 , a biomarker of inflammation , than those who did the relaxation retreat .
The researchers concluded that the changes in functional brain connectivity resulting from the mindfulness program seemed to help the brain manage stress ( a known inflammation trigger ) , and therefore is responsible for the reduced levels of inflammation .
Why does it seem to be more beneficial than mere relaxation for managing stress ? Creswell suggests that mindfulness may have a more lasting impact .
`` Mindfulness meditation teaches participants how to be more open and attentive to their experiences , even difficult ones , '' Creswell said . `` By contrast , relaxation approaches are good in the moment for making the body feel relaxed , but ... [ they 're ] harder to translate when you are dealing with difficult stressors in your daily life . ''
Also on HuffPost :
“ I do not want the Emperor 's prize damaged . ”
- Darth Vader , The Empire Strikes Back
In this article , you will witness the power of the dark side , and the rewards it offers to those who embrace it . Darth Vader™ has imposed their will upon the 2017 X-Wing™ System Open Series prizes , so read on to see what is at stake !
Main Tournament Prizes
Participation
Every participant in a System Open main tournament will receive two incredible prizes simply for participating : an alternate art Darth Vader crew card , and a damage deck from the new core set featuring an exclusive alternate back !
Left : Alternate-art Aurebesh™ Darth Vader Crew
Right : Alternate Back Damage Deck ( English cards )
You may have noticed that Darth Vader has their rules printed in Aurebesh™ , the language of Star Wars™ . For those too timid to have flown a ship carrying the Dark Lord of the Sith , here is the original card in English .
The crew version of the Sith Lord is a powerful addition that will get results , if you 're willing to take some collateral damage for it .
Limited Playmats
At each of the System Open events , a very limited quantity of commemorative playmats featuring an image of the planet of that event will be available .
Each System Open event organizer will determine how to distribute these playmats . Some possible methods include offering it as a reward for early registration , awarding some playmats based on specific achievements , utilizing a separate registration tier , or even distributing them randomly during a specific round of the tournament . Be sure to check with the organizer as more details are shared to find out how you can obtain one of these limited prizes .
Initial Day Performance
2017 System Open Target Lock Tokens
After seven rounds of competition , players with a winning record of four or more victories will be rewarded with a unique pair of target lock tokens that are exclusive to the System Open Series ! Each victory beyond the fourth will earn that player another pair of target lock tokens featuring a different design . Each is assigned to a certain number of victories , making the seven-victory target lock pair a coveted prize indeed .
Advance to Final Day
Players with five or more victories after the initial day of seven rounds will advance to the final day of competition . Many Opens will offer a Hangar Bay side tournament at the same time as the final day of the main tournament . Therefore , each of these competitors will receive the undefeated prize from a Hangar Bay side tournament , which you can read more about later in this article .
Final Day Performance
The final day begins with two additional rounds , or three rounds if there are more than 320 total participants in the initial day ( s ) of an Open . Players that win one of these rounds will receive ten acrylic shield tokens featuring the black and red motif of Lord Vader and their lightsaber . Players that win two or more of these rounds will receive a total of twenty acrylic shields tokens !
2017 System Open Shield Tokens
Top 8
After the final day 's additional rounds , the top eight players are seeded for single-elimination play . Each can follow the path of the dark side with these black and red maneuver templates .
2017 System Open Maneuver Templates
Darth Vader 's power is felt here as well . There is no better way to display your prowess than by flying your squad around the battlefield with these trophies of your accomplishment .
Top 4
2017 System Open Range Rulers
Players that survive the first round of single-elimination will find themselves rewarded for their efforts . Each will gain a powerful tool in measuring accurately , with a set of three sizes of range rulers .
These range rulers are extremely useful in measuring precisely in tight spaces . Additionally , they are incredibly convenient during initial set-up and obstacle placement . Darth Vader would be pleased .
Finalist and Winner
The players that advance to the finals will each leave with something to commemorate this achievement . The finalist and winner will receive a plaque or trophy , respectively , featuring the planet of the Open they won .
Additionally , the winner of each Open will receive the grand prize : travel and hotel accommodations to the Coruscant Invitational at Star Wars Celebration Orlando ! More news about what awaits those competitors at that incredible event will be coming soon !
Hangar Bay Side Tournament Prizes
Make sure you read about the Hangar Bay variant in the 2017 Open Briefing ! Once you have both of your squads ready to deploy , take a look at the prizes you could win :
Left : Full-art Aurebesh `` Lothal Rebel ''
Right : Full-art Aurebesh `` Baron of the Empire ''
The two cards are actually one card , while also being two prizes ! This double-sided full art card allows us to show off some of the beautiful art that X-Wing features . On one side , you 'll find the VCX-100 pilot “ Lothal Rebel. ” On the other side is the TIE Adv . Prototype pilot “ Baron of the Empire . ”
During each Hangar Bay side tournament , each participant will receive a copy of this card . Players that earn at least two victories during these three rounds will receive an additional copy .
To cap it off , undefeated players through all three rounds will win a visually stunning plastic version of the card as well . Spot glossing highlights the ships and other parts of the cards in the same way that this prize highlights a perfect record .
Fly On
Be sure to read up on the structure of the System Open events in the 2017 Open Briefing so you know what your mission is to capture these prizes ! If you prepare and hone your skills , you might find yourself flying against the best pilots the galaxy has to offer at the Coruscant Invitational !
`` The Spike '' is a 1931 essay by George Orwell in which they detail their experience staying overnight in the casual ward of a workhouse ( colloquially known as a `` spike '' ) near London . This episode in Orwell 's life took place while they were intentionally living as a vagrant in and around London as part of the social experiment that would form the basis of their first book Down and Out in Paris and London . The events of this essay are also found in that book , though the essay is not reprinted verbatim in the book .
Orwell was in Paris in August 1929 when they first sent a copy of `` The Spike '' to the New Adelphi magazine . The New Adelphi was a London periodical which was owned by John Middleton Murry . Murry had released editorial control to Sir Richard Rees and Max Plowman , and it was Plowman who accepted the work for publication . However , various revisions were required , and the work did not appear in print until April 1931 . [ 1 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A longtime bike shop in west Eugene will soon be shutting its doors to pedalers .
Paul�s Bicycle Way of Life , which offers an array of commuting and recreational bicycles , will close its West 11th Avenue shop in late October .
However , the business� mainstay branches in downtown and south Eugene are to remain open .
Paul�s decided to close the branch at 3870 W. 11th Ave. , where the property�s lease is about to expire .
�We�ve had break-ins and other various attacks , � including someone stealing the exterior heating , ventilating and air conditioning unit , owner Paul Nicholson said .
But the biggest factor was when the previous landlord sold the parcel recently to Los Angeles-based VCA Antech Inc. , which , according to Nicholson , offered them an opportunity to remain at the location they have leased since 2005 . But after speaking with the company�s attorney , Nicholson decided closing the shop was best .
Nicholson added that , because of limited visibility at the West 11th locale and the area�s stressed economy , the store�s sales have been marginal .
A tree on the east side of the store blocks the store�s sign from passing traffic . Nicholson said they reached out to the city in hopes of finding a remedy to that problem , to no avail .
Nicholson said he�d like to open a new location to support the displaced staff members who will be working at the shop�s two other locations � at 556 Charnelton St. and 2480 Alder St. � but finding an effective location with a manageable rent could be tricky .
Nicholson recalled that they initially opened the business because of a $ 5 bet they made with a roommate at the University of Illinois . After complaining about the local bike shops , Nicholson said they were going to start their own business and open up a wholesale account . Their roommates didn�t think it would happen .
�I made some stationery and sent it away and in about two weeks , I got a reply that said they would be happy to open an account , but they had a minimum initial order of $ 1,000 , � Nicholson said .
�I hated to lose a bet , so I ordered $ 1,000 worth of stuff , and the next thing I knew , I had a hobby.�
Follow Ian on Twitter @ MrCampbell17 . Email ian.campbell @ registerguard.com .
The Food Revolution
( Excerpt ) By John Robbins
7-3-3
These [ * genetically engineered ] products are absolutely safe . For the most part you would n't know [ if you were eating them ] but the point being that you would n't need to know . - Bryan Hurley , Monsanto spokesperson
http : //jahtruth.net/genet.htm
There is a great deal of controversy about the safety of genetically engineered foods . Advocates of biotechnology often say that the risks are overblown . `` There have been 25,000 trials of genetically modified crops in the world , now , and not a single incident , or anything dangerous in these releases , '' said a spokesperson for Adventa Holdings , a UK biotech firm .
During the 2000 presidential campaign , then-candidate George W. Bush said that `` study after study has shown no evidence of danger . '' And * Clinton Administration Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said that `` test after rigorous scientific test '' had proven the safety of genetically engineered products .
* http : //jahtruth.net/clint.htm
Is this the case ? Unfortunately not , according to a senior researcher from the Union of Concerned Scientists , Dr. Jane Rissler . With a Ph.D. in plant pathology , four years of shaping biotechnology regulations at the EPA , they are one of the nation 's leading authorities on the environmental risks of genetically engineered foods . Dr. Rissler has been closely monitoring the trials and studies .
`` The observations that 'nothing happened ' in these ... tests do not say much , '' they and their colleague Dr. Margaret Mellon ( a member of the USDA Advisory Committee on Agricultural Biotechnology ) write . `` The field tests do not provide a track record of safety , but a case of 'do n't look , do n't find . ' ''
When scientists actually look , what they see can be terrifying . A few years ago , a German biotech company engineered a common soil bacterium , Klebsiella planticola , to help break down wood chips , corn stalks , wastes from lumber businesses and agriculture , and to produce ethanol in the process . It seemed like a great achievement . The genetically engineered Klebsiella bacterium could help break down rotting organic material and in the process produce a fuel that could be used instead of gasoline , thus lessening the production of greenhouse gases .
It was assumed that the post-process waste could be added to soil as an amendment , like compost . Everybody would win . With the approval of the EPA , the company field tested the bacterium at Oregon State University .
As far as the intended goals were concerned - eliminating rotting organic waste and producing ethanol - the genetically engineered bacterium was a success . But when a doctoral student named Michael Holmes decided to add the post-processed waste to actual living soil , something happened that no one expected . The seeds that were planted in soil mixed with the engineered Klebsiella sprouted , but then every single one of them died .
What killed them ? The genetically engineered Klebsiella turned out to be highly competitive with native soil micro-organisms . Plants are only able to take nitrogen and other nourishment from the soil with the help of fungi called mycorrhizae . These fungi live in the soil and help make nutrients available to plant roots . But when the genetically engineered Klebsiella was introduced into living soils , it greatly reduced the population of mycorrhizal fungi in the soil . And without healthy mycorrhizal fungi in soils , no plants can survive .
It is testimony to the amazing powers of science that researchers were able to track the mechanism by which the genetically engineered Klebsiella prevented plants from growing . There are thousands of different species of microorganisms in every teaspoon of fertile soil , and they interact in trillions of ways .
But the scientists discovered something else in these experiments , something that sent chills down their spines . They found that the genetically modified bacteria were able to persist in the soil , raising the possibility that , had it been released , the genetically engineered Klebsiella could have become established - and virtually impossible to eradicate .
`` When the data first started coming in , '' says Elaine Ingham , the soil pathologist at Oregon State University who directed Michael Holmes ' research on Klebsiella , `` the EPA charged that we could n't have performed the research correctly . They went through everything with a fine tooth comb , and they could n't find anything wrong with the experimental design - but they tried as hard as they could ... If we had n't done this research , the Klebsiella would have passed the approval process for commercial release . ''
Geneticist David Suzuki understands that what took place was truly ominous . `` The genetically engineered Klebsiella , '' they say , `` could have ended all plant life on this continent . The implications of this single case are nothing short of terrifying . ''
Meanwhile Monsanto and the other biotech companies are eagerly developing all kinds of genetically modified organisms , hoping to bring them to market . How do we know if they 're safe ? According to Suzuki : `` We do n't , and wo n't for years after they are being widely used . ''
It 's not a prospect that helps calm the nerves and restore confidence in our collective future . Surely , I 've wanted to believe , when the chips are down , scientists and researchers would never do anything that would jeopardize life on Earth . Surely , the people who run these companies - and the government officials who oversee them - would never allow something that dangerous to occur .
But then again , this would n't be the first time that corporations like Monsanto have brought us new products they promised would make life better for everybody and that turned out to do something very different . This is the same company , after all , that brought us PCBs and Agent Orange . Even the product the company was originally formed to produce , the artificial sweetener saccharin , was later found to be carcinogenic .
Of course , Monsanto tells us that this time we do n't have to worry .
GE Crops Ca n't Be Contained
A test conducted by the Wall Street Journal found that 16 of 20 vegetarian foods labeled as being `` free '' of genetically engineered products actually contained GE soybeans . As Arran Stephens , president of Nature 's Path Foods , noted : `` You can not build a wall high enough '' to prevent genetic pollution of wild and organic crops .
In August , a team of Belgian researchers were surprised to discover that Monsanto 's GE soybeans contained `` a DNA segment ... for which no sequence homology could be detected . '' `` No one knows what this extra gene sequence is [ or ] ... what its effects will be , '' said Greenpeace-UK 's Doug Parr . `` If Monsanto did not even get this most basic information right , what should we think about the validity of all their safety tests ? ''
John Robbins is the author of Diet for a New America and founder of EarthSave International . Excerpted with permission from Food Revolution : How Your Diet Can Save your Life and the World [ Conari Press , 2550 Ninth St. , Suite 101 , Berkeley , CA 94710 , ( 510 ) 649-7175 ] .
http : //www.earthisland.org/eijournal/new_articles.cfm ? articleID=285 & jour ... D= 49
“ Americans should stop whining about food prices . ”
That was the message AEI 's Mark J. Perry blasted last September to families gullible enough to believe that rising food prices were a problem :
It 's a favorite pastime in this country – Americans love to complain about rising food prices . Even when they are n't . In fact , given all of the complaining you would never know that average food price inflation in recent years is actually the lowest in several generations . Below are three reasons that Americans should stop whining about food prices , and be a little more appreciative of how affordable food is in the US today , especially when compared to other countries , or when compared to previous decades in US history .
Perry 's three reasons for why American families should stop whining were that 1 ) Americans spend a smaller percentage of their budgets on food than they did 60 years ago , 2 ) people in other countries spend more of their money on food than we do , and 3 ) the four-year moving average of food inflation is low .
To which I say : so what ? None of those supposedly devastating critiques of the “ inflation is real crowd ” came even close to addressing the real problem for millions of American families : namely , that the prices of stuff they buy are growing a lot more quickly than the wages they use to buy that stuff . Yes , it 's nice that we spend a smaller percentage of our budgets on food than other nations do or than our grandparents did after World War II , but that 's cold comfort to a working mom trying to figure out how to buy $ 20 worth of meat with only $ 15 left in their pockets .
A lot has happened since Perry told us ten months ago to stop whining . Did events prove them right or wrong ? Was their inexplicably bizarre method of averaging four years ' worth of inflation data actually an effective way of predicting future price growth ? Let 's take a look :
It turns out food prices have soared since they so confidently told us to shut up about them . The chart above shows the rapid disparity between food price growth and wage growth since Perry issued their “ stop whining ” directive . No joke : compared to less than a year ago , egg prices are up 13 percent . Beef is up 10 percent . Pork is up more than 9 percent . Fresh fruits are up over 7 percent . Overall , the prices of food at home are up 2.3 percent , while average hourly wages are up only 1.4 percent . In other words , food prices are growing 64 percent faster than wages .
The overall trend since the end of the recession in June of 2009 is no different . Food price growth is outstripping wage growth :
Mark Perry is not alone in their skepticism , though . James Pethokoukis of AEI and Ramesh Ponnuru of National Review have also regularly belittled those with the audacity to look at rising price data and assume that prices are , in fact , rising , and that these rising prices might actually be causing problems for people . In their July 16 Bloomberg column in which they derisively referred to people concerned about inflation as “ cranks , ” Ponnuru wrote :
It 's certainly true that a looser monetary policy raises those prices and a tighter one would bring them down . But these policies would have the same effect on the price of labor . It 's the ratio of goods and prices to wages that matters for living standards . There 's no reason to think that the Fed 's policies are doing anything to increase the percentage of household budgets spent on food .
This is an interesting graf to unpack , especially since it attempts to make the same point as Perry did : that there 's no need to worry since the percentage of the household budget spent on food has remained relatively static . Here 's the thing , though : if food prices are growing more quickly than wages ( and they are ) , and if families are still spending the same percentage of their money on food , then simple math says they must be buying less food . How is that a good thing , and why are we suddenly congratulating the Fed for it ? At what point did our political pundit class decide that “ Stop whining that you ca n't afford more food for your family ” or “ Whatever , fatty , you did n't need that food anyway ” were winning messages ?
The assertion by Ponnuru that commodity inflation is only real if it simultaneously affects the price of labor is also odd . Unit labor costs are notoriously sticky . There 's no spot or futures market for labor , where if I do n't like the price of yesterday 's contract I can just sell it and buy a new one today . And a labor market where the true unemployment rate is closer to 10 percent than to 6 percent is not one that 's all that conducive to a rising unit cost of labor — when you 're lucky just to have a job , you 're not likely to march into your boss 's office and demand a raise every time new CPI data are released . Yes , the labor market is slowly improving , but we 're hardly at a point where employees are on equal ground with their employers when it comes time to bargain over compensation . Unfortunately , most employers are still price makers , and most employees are still price takers :
Ponnuru , to their credit , though , noted the real issue that matters the most to working families : the gap between wage and price growth . That 's a far more important measure than the array of irrelevant numbers thrown at the wall by Perry . What Ponnuru leaves unmentioned , though , is that in a number of major areas , prices are growing a heck of a lot faster than wages . Food price growth is n't the only thing that 's outstripped wage growth . There has also been significant post-recession growth in the prices of education ( not just college ) , medical care , and gasoline :
Those items comprise a pretty large share of the average family budget . According to the 2012 personal expenditure survey conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics , a married family with children will spend upwards of 27 percent of its annual budget on food , education , health care , and gas . Food alone , whether prepared at home or by a restaurant , eats up more than 13 percent of the average family 's budget each year .
Prices are rising , they 're rising faster than wages , and they 're rising for items that comprise a large chunk of the budgets of working American families . Those are facts . The question is what to do about those facts . The subtext to all of the inflation critiques from the likes of Perry , Pethokoukis , and Ponnuru is that we should leave the Federal Reserve alone . Stop blaming the Fed for inflation , you guys . Please ignore that QE , QE2 , QE3 , and a multi-year zero interest rate policy , etc . were all intentionally designed to increase inflation , you guys . Just ignore all the different goods for which prices are rising really rapidly , you guys . Ignore the fact that higher prices and middling wages are eroding standards of living , you guys .
Unfortunately , the constant Federal Reserve apologetics are seriously clouding these pundits ' collective judgment about an increasingly important political issue : whether America 's current political class has what it takes to make rising standards of living — rather than just rising prices — the norm for American families again . That is why families are so anxious today . They 're worried that the American dream is slipping away , and that only thing people in Washington and New York care about is protecting people in Washington and New York .
Guys , we get it . You like the Fed . A lot . That 's all fine and well : different strokes for different folks and all that . But stop letting your compulsion defend the Fed prevent you from recognizing a very serious issue that 's affecting tens of millions of families . The first political party or ideology to come up with a coherent gas and groceries agenda for working families will have a huge advantage vs. a movement that decides its true constituency is a collection of technocrat bankers at the Fed .
The prices of things people buy are growing faster than many people 's ability to buy them . It 's time for pundits to stop pretending rapidly rising prices are no big deal .
