A Hamas-affiliated sheikh in the Gaza Strip lambasted a retired Saudi general for recently visiting Israel , which they called the “ vilest and most despicable nation in history . ”
“ How can it be that someone comes from the Land of the two holy mosques shakes hands with the Jews , and enters our country , Palestine , with a Jewish visa ? ” Marwan Abu Ras , a Hamas member of parliament , said in an Al-Aqsa TV broadcast from a Friday sermon last month , according to a translation provided at the weekend by the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) .
“ You are a supporter of the Jews , and Allah will punish you as you deserve , ” they said of Dr. Anwar Eshki who led a group of Saudis on a visit to Israel earlier this summer .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ Those Jews are the vilest and most despicable nation in history , they never command good or forbid evil , ” Abu Ras said .
The Jews , the religious leader went on , “ betray everyone ” and “ never abide by any peace they make with Muslims or with infidels . ”
In July , Eshki led a group of academics and business people on an unofficial visit to Israel that reportedly sought to encourage discussion of the Saudi-led Arab Peace Initiative as a roadmap to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Saudi Arabia and Israel have no official relations and the kingdom prohibits its citizens from traveling to Israel . A visit by Eshki , who was once a top adviser to the Saudi government , is an extremely rare occurrence . Eshki said later the trip had not been coordinated with the royal household , but it was seen as highly unlikely that they would have come without the Saudi leadership 's tacit consent .
In Jerusalem , the delegation met with Foreign Ministry Director-General Dore Gold , the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories Maj.-Gen. Yoav Mordechai , and some opposition Knesset members .
The Saudi delegation also toured Ramallah and met with PA President Mahmoud Abbas as well as other Palestinian officials .
In the wake of the visit , Saudi Arabia 's Foreign Ministry distanced itself from the rare public engagement , and said in a statement that it “ does not reflect the views of the Saudi government . ”
New Delhi : In a positive move , the BCCI has begun negotiations with cricket legends Sachin Tendulkar , Rahul Dravid and Sourav Ganguly for key roles in the national cricket set up .
According to Rishabh Sharma of Zee Media Corporation , Sourav Ganguly , widely regarded as one of India 's greatest ever captains , is set to take over as Team India 's high performance manager .
Dada has given theirs their nod to take up this role , according to sources .
The Indian board wants Tendulkar to help improve the NCA to be state-of-the-art training and research facility for players . The master blaster has agreed to BCCI 's offer in principle , but has also communicated to the board that they wished to know more details about their new job .
While Dravid who is being looked at as a potential Talent Development Manager , is yet to confirm their availability for the role . Dravid informed the board that they would only reach a decision after the conclusion of the IPL .
The Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) in its working Committee meeting last month had shown a desire in appointing legendary trio of Sachin Tendulkar , Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid as advisor 's on all cricket-related matters .
The BCCI has decided to seek the approval of the trio to advise them on all important cricketing matters including the appointment of national coach .
Earlier in the month , Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid were being seen as candidates to replace Duncan Fletcher as the next coach of Team India . But their possible appointment as advisors might mean that they are no long in contention for the top job .
NEWS : Extended Lease Term For Hereford Football Club
21st December 2016 by Jamie Griffiths - Uncategorised
Herefordshire Council and Hereford Football Club have negotiated an extended lease term which will assure Hereford FC 's tenancy for a minimum of 10 years from the commencement date .
The club 's stadium and surrounding area continue to improve following the opening of the new shopping development and the construction of the new City Link Road . There is also an opportunity for the redevelopment of the Blackfriars Terrace end , as part of the proposed ‘ Urban Village ' project . This would mean a new spectator stand and facilities , alongside other retail outlets , and would see the stadium being returned to four sides .
Speaking today , Hereford FC 's CEO Ken Kinnersley said : “ It is quite apparent that the council recognises the work of many local people who volunteer at the club and also the financial investment in stadium renovation since April 2015 . A longer lease time will justify further investment to fund improvements , allow time for a return on the investment and ensure we are eligible to apply for grant funding that may be available for future projects . ”
Councillor Harry Bramer , cabinet member for contracts and assets said : “ Hereford FC continue to make a great contribution to the city and its supporters . Many local traders benefit from increased trade on match days and the football club is an employer and a contributor to the local economy . The stadium is within the area designated for regeneration as part of the Urban Village redevelopment project . Herefordshire Council are seeking a development partner and it is to be hoped this will include some improved facilities for Hereford FC . ”
So it 's my turn to try doing one of these , and I picked what I thought would be a fairly easy school . Choosing the top three was a piece of cake- numbers four and five were trickier . See what you think .
Top NFL Players among Michigan Alums
1 . Obviously , number one has to be New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady . In their thirteen seasons , Brady has five Super Bowl appearances , three Super Bowl wins , and he 's one of only two players to win multiple Super Bowl and NFL MVP awards ( Joe Montana is the other ) . Brady 's 2010 NFL MVP award was the first one ever decided unanimously . They and John Elway are the only players in league history to quarterback their teams to five Super Bowls . And so forth and so on .
2 . Longevity is a big part of why I made Oakland Raiders and Green Bay Packers safety Charles Woodson my number two pick . Woodson is entering their 17th NFL season , has been to six Pro Bowls ( in three different decades , an extreme rarity ) , and holds the NFL record ( along with Darren Sharper and Rod Woodson , no relation ) for defensive touchdowns with 13 . They also won a Super Bowl with Green Bay in 2010 . One interesting thing to note : according to Wikipedia , Woodson , the 1997 Heisman Trophy winner , has picked off four other Heisman winners in their career ( Cam Newton , Carson Palmer , Matt Leinart , and Vinny Testeverde ) .
3 . Linebacker LaMarr Woodley was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2007 , and promptly racked up two sacks in their first three NFL games . A year later , in their first career start , Woodley racked up three tackles , a sack , a defended pass , an interception , and a fumble recovery , and was named GMC Defensive Player of the Week . They have n't really let up since . Through 2013 , Woodley has a whopping 213 solo tackles , 57 sacks , nine forced fumbles , and five picks in 94 games . In Super Bowl XLIII , they had their fourth multi-sack playoff game in a row , an NFL record , the fourth one coming on Cardinals quarterback Kurt Warner with seconds remaining in the game , which the Steelers won . Woodley will play this season for the Oakland Raiders .
4 . Another longtime Steelers linebacker , Larry Foote , is next on the list . Foote was drafted by the Steelers in 2002 and played for them through the 08-09 season , returning in 2010 after a one-year hiatus with the Detriot Lions . They were released by the Steelers this past March and has since signed with Arizona . Through the 2013 season , Foote has 719 tackles , 23 sacks , three interceptions , and ten forced fumbles , and played in three Super Bowls with Pittsburgh , winning two of them ( XL , XLIII ) .
5 . Despite the small sample size , New York Giants safety Stevie Brown made it onto my list after blowing up the franchise record books in 2012 , their only NFL season with regular playing time on defense . Brown was drafted by the Raiders in 2010 , and ended up with the Giants in the spring of 2012 , after brief stints with the Panthers and Colts . Early in the season , Brown got a chance at regular playing time when Kenny Phillips was injured , and they took full advantage . The highlights that season were many , but their fumble recovery and two interceptions against the hated Cowboys in Week 8 stands out . Brown finished the season with 307 return yards , good for fourth-most in NFL history and most ever in Giants history , and the most interceptions ( 8 ) in a single season for the Giants since 1968 . Brown tore their ACL in a preseason game in August 2013 and missed the season , re-signing with the Giants in March 2014 .
Honorable Mention # 1 : While not attracting much notice as a rookie , Giants wide receiver Mario Manningham caught 18 touchdowns from their second though their fourth NFL seasons , as well as this crucial catch in Super Bowl XLVI . They spent the 2012 and 2013 season with the San Francisco 49ers , re-signing with the Giants in March 2014 .
Honorable Mention # 2 : Cornerback Leon Hall has been a consistent contributor on the Cincinnati Bengals defense since being drafted in 2007 . Through 2013 , he 's credited with 348 tackles , 23 interceptions , and 96 deflected passes as per Wikipedia .
Thank you for reading . Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @ lastwordLindsay . Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @ LastWordOnSport – and “ liking ” our Facebook page .
For more on sports injury news , check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert .
Football fans…check out our two partnered NFL podcasts – Thursday Night Tailgate Radio and Overtime Ireland . Both shows bring you interesting commentary , critical analysis and fantastic guests including former and current NFL players , coaches and personalities .
By Dick Morris on October 23 , 2012
Dear Friend ,
In this video commentary , I discuss how Romney achieved key strategic goals in the third presidential debate on foreign policy last night . Tune in !
Click Here to give me your thoughts and continue the discussion .
Click Here to order a copy of Dick and Eileen 's new book , HERE COME THE BLACK HELICOPTERS !
Click Here to sign up to get all of Dick 's videos emailed to you !
Click the buttons above to share this video commentary with your friends !
Thanks for watching ,
Dick
View my most recent videos in case you missed them !
How Romney Can Make It 3-0 In Debates Tonight – Dick Morris TV : Lunch Alert !
The Carter-Reagan Election And Its Parallels To Obama-Romney – Dick Morris TV : History Video !
GOP Should Raise Its Sights – Dick Morris TV : Lunch Alert !
Obama Is Not Credible – Dick Morris TV : Lunch Alert !
Romney Won Second Debate – Dick Morris TV : Lunch Alert !
Tony Abbott has racked up three howlers on a carbon price in the last week and they 've all received critical media coverage , even if they 're wrong .
`` Yeah look I never said it was a myth . I once used some colourful language describing the so-called settled science of climate change but look , climate change is real , humanity does make a contribution to it and we 've got to take effective action against it . I mean , that 's my position and that 's always been my position but I 've never been in favour of a carbon tax or an emissions trading scheme . ''
Tony Abbott 's tendency to utter whatever comes into their head certainly is n't doing them any harm . In one week , he 's racked up three howlers on a carbon price . They 've all received critical media coverage . But you get the impression the public does n't particularly care . The noteworthy feature of the current `` debate '' over the employment and cost-of-living impacts of a carbon price is that we appear to have reached a standard in public discourse where the truth , or consistency , are n't preferred positions any more ; that something happens to be true or logically coherent or consistent is n't especially relevant , certainly not more so than whether it sounds clear , has `` cut-through '' , reinforces people 's expectations rather than runs counter to them , and most of all suits a preferred narrative . Or perhaps it 's not so much the case that we 've abandoned the idea that truth is important , as that we 've adjusted our standards about truth . My facts are now as good as your facts , regardless of whether they are indeed correct . And , really , everyone has a right to their own facts ; insisting on one set of `` true '' facts is , well ... let 's call it what it is : blatant censorship . The chattering classes need to stop trying to impose their own élitist concept of facts on the facts of large corporations -- validated , of course , by originating in the real world of private enterprise -- and climate denialists . Of course , the Right -- frequently in the form of ex-Marxists -- used to stand guard against trendy academics advocating exactly this sort of relativism . Much fun was to be had , and rightly so , at the expense of Cultural Studies academics ( RIP `` The Humanities '' ) and their war on that tool of white patriarchal capitalist genocidal oppression , logic-centric discourse . But we could n't expect them to hold out forever , so cut them some slack . The castle of reason has been overrun ; the survivors will have to take to the hills and turn to irregular warfare . Oddly , despite the media attention , most missed Mr Abbott 's particularly risible remark . It was n't merely that Abbott claimed they had never supported a carbon tax or an ETS -- a claim so demonstrably untrue even The Australian mentioned it . They belatedly qualified that by adding the caveat `` as leader '' hours later , the worst recovery since Basil Fawlty , learning their American guest enjoyed the works of Harold Robbins , pretended to be lambasting someone else . `` Oh Harold Robbins . I was talking about ... Harold Robinson . '' But it was what Abbott said immediately before that that was more interesting , when asked about whether they thought climate change was a myth : Abbott 's difficulty in asserting they have never believed something is of course problematic because they have professed to believe everything at various points . As we know from their no-holds-barred debate with themselves , Abbott once claimed `` atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide have significantly increased since the spread of industrialisation , but it seems that noticeable warming has only taken place between the 1970s and 1990s '' , that `` notwithstanding the dramatic increases in human-made CO2 emissions over the last decade , the world 's warming has stopped '' and that `` there may even have been a slight decrease in global temperatures ( the measurement data differs on this point ) over the past decade . '' Although , we 're still waiting for Greg Hunt 's `` direct action '' plan to combat the coming Ice Age . Indeed , on the issue of human contribution to climate change , do n't get Tony started . Climate change has `` been happening since the earth 's beginning . The extinction of the dinosaurs is thought to have been associated with climate change '' and `` climate change happens all the time and it is not man that drives those climate changes back in history . It is an open question how much the climate changes today and what role man plays . '' But then again , for every quote from Abbott asserting humans have nothing to do with climate change and the planet 's getting cooler , you can find Abbott averring that climate change is indeed real and human-caused and needs action -- action , of course , by a carbon tax , the preferred approach of the `` intelligent sceptic '' . But that 's the Opposition Leader for you , a man who has kicked free of the shackles of truth and consistency . Tony Abbott 's on course to be our first post-modern Prime Minister . He 's the big-government social engineer who enthuses about small government , the global cooling carbon tax advocate who wants direct action to address global warming , the proponent of lower taxes who proposes their own new taxes , the economics graduate who does n't grasp economics , the leader who urged Peter Reith to run for the party presidency then voted against him , the bloke who wants to stop the boats via policies that in the past guaranteed asylum seekers came to Australia . And , to recycle John Howard 's famous line , the time will suit him .
John , the CEO of a sales organization , sent an email to Tim , an employee several levels below , to compliment them on their performance in a recent meeting . Tim did not respond to the email .
About a week later , they were in John 's office applying for an open position that would have been a promotion into a management role , when John asked them whether they had received the email . Yes , Tim said , they had . Why , John asked , had n't they responded ? Tim said they did n't see the need .
But Tim was wrong . John 's email deserved , at the very least , a “ thank you . ”
Tim did n't get the promotion . Was they passed over solely because they did n't thank John for the positive feedback ? No . But was Tim 's lack of response one piece of the Tim puzzle that convinced John they should choose a better candidate ? Undoubtedly .
Before you accuse John of being trivial or over-sensitive , before you condemn their poor hiring judgment , consider what saying “ thank you ” represents .
On a basic level , it communicates that you received the email . While there 's a lot of advice that discourages writing “ thank you ” emails because they contribute to email overload , I disagree . I answer every real email I receive because I want to avoid the recipient 's “ Did Peter get my email and what 's they thinking ? ” angst . It takes three seconds to respond “ thanks ” and it completes the transaction initiated by the sender .
But an email that contains emotional content — like a compliment — deserves something longer : a real , thought-out “ thank you ” as opposed to a simple I-received-your-email “ thank you. ” When you offer a real thought-out “ thank you ” to someone , you 're acknowledging their effort , appreciating their thoughtfulness , recognizing their intent , and offering feedback on the impact of their actions .
Still , it 's more than that . Those things are rational , but saying “ thank you ” is mostly an emotional act . It connects one person to another . Saying “ thank you ” does n't just acknowledge someone 's effort , thoughtfulness , intent , or action . It acknowledges the person himself .
Acknowledging other people is a critical responsibility — perhaps the critical responsibility — of a great manager , especially in sales . Actually great manager is too high a bar . I might say it 's the critical skill of a good manager but even that 's understating it .
Acknowledging each other is our basic responsibility as human beings living in community with other human beings .
Go ahead and argue : We 're all too busy at work and in life to spend time exchanging pleasantries . If John needs so much stroking , they ca n't possibly be a good CEO . He 's out of touch with the digital age where no answers are the accepted norm . If Tim is doing their work well , that 's all that matters . People are paid to do their jobs and they do n't need to be thanked . Saying “ thank you ” to your CEO for a nice email is nothing more than brown-nosing .
I would disagree with all those arguments . It does n't take long to say “ thank you , ” but it does take caring . John is an excellent CEO , with a staff , board , and shareholders who love them and for whom they deliver a high growth rate and excellent results . Not answering someone 's communication — text or email or phone call — is not an accepted norm , it represents a fundamental breakdown in communication about which I often hear people complain . Tim might be good at certain aspects of their job but he 's not “ doing their work well , ” if he 's not acknowledging the people around him . And , finally , saying “ thank you ” is n't brown-nosing , it 's nice .
This all becomes more obvious if you take away the digital element . How would you feel if you complimented someone in person and they just walked away from you without saying anything ? Weird , right ?
Saying “ thank you ” — sincerely and with heart — feels good . Not just to the person receiving it , but also to the person offering it . And that 's part of work too . It 's hard to remember , as we process our hundredth email , that behind each message is a person ..
Tim made a mistake by not appreciating John 's effort or acknowledging their sentiment . I do n't want to make that same mistake .
So , as we approach Thanksgiving , I want to say “ thank you ” to you . Each week when I sit down to write this blog , I try to express ideas and feelings that make a difference in my life and , hopefully , in yours . And doing that often leaves me feeling a little vulnerable and exposed .
But my feeling of vulnerability is always met with your compassion and engagement . The support I feel from you , my readers , is an unending source of encouragement to keep at it . It is a huge gift to me that you are interested in what I have to say and spend your valuable time reading and commenting on it . It touches me and I am so thankful for it . Thank you , and happy Thanksgiving .
A Russian police officer risked their own life to prevent a road accident that put dozens of children in danger . They ran their patrol car into a vehicle , speeding head on into a convoy of children 's buses .
The cop miraculously survived the crash .
On Saturday , the officer , now hailed as a hero , Aleksandr Kosolapov , was escorting a convoy of nine buses transporting about 300 children from a summer camp to the city of Abakan , the capital of the Khakassia Republic in sourthern Siberia .
Suddenly , a car driving at high speed in the opposite lane , started coming head on in the convoy 's direction .
Kosolapov reacted instantaneously and shielded the children 's buses with their own car , a decision that may well have saved hundreds of young lives .
“ As a result of the massive collision the patrol car was literally turned into a pile of metal . According to the experts , it 's a miracle the police officer is still alive , ” Khakassian police said in a statement .
The car that almost crashed into the children 's buses had five people including a 10-year-old child onboard . All of them received minor injuries . As for the kids on the buses , they were safe and sound , thanks to the brave police officer , who was seriously injured himself .
Kosolapov is now conscious and in a stable condition , spokesperson for the region 's police , Sergey Kuznetsov , reports , adding the officer has already spoken to their colleagues .
Khakassia 's police have received a lot of letters , thanking the courageous hero cop . If the doctors allow it , a group of children who were on the buses , will pay a visit to their rescuer , Kuznetsov added .
The authorities have opened a criminal case against the reckless driver , who put the children 's lives in danger .
It 's not every day that the White House responds to one of your tweets -- but it 's even rarer that it `` rickrolls '' you .
Twitter user David Wiggs ( @ wiggsd ) decided to share their thoughts on the latest White House correspondence briefing , which they described as `` [ not ] nearly as entertaining as yesterday 's , '' in a tweet that incorporated the # WHChat and # TCOT hashtags .
Moments later , they received a response from the official @ WhiteHouse Twitter account . Not only did the White House tweet back , it also pulled a prank on Wiggs and the account 's over 2.3 million followers .
`` Sorry to hear that . Fiscal policy is important , but can be dry sometimes . Here 's something more fun , '' wrote @ WhiteHouse , with a link to a music video of Rick Astley 's `` Never Gon na Give You Up . ''
In other words , Wiggs -- and anyone else who clicked the link -- got rickrolled , a term for an Internet meme that essentially consists of directing someone unknowingly to Rick Astley 's 80s hit song . Short links ( like `` huff.to '' ) on Twitter are great for this type of tomfoolery because they mask they actual URL of a page . ( The White House used `` tinyurl.com/y8ufsnp . '' )
You can scroll down to see the tweets for yourself .
While this rickroll may be the first from Pennsylvania Avenue , it 's not the first time its been used by a political force . Apparently , when Nancy Pelosi rolled out Congress ' official YouTube channel ( www.YouTube.com/HouseHub ) in early 2009 , visitors were treated to the same surprise .
David Wiggs ' original tweet :
This WH correspondence briefing is n't nearly as entertaining as yesterday 's . # TCOT # WHchatDavid Wiggs
wiggsd
The White House 's 'rickroll ' response :
@ wiggsd Sorry to hear that . Fiscal policy is important , but can be dry sometimes . Here 's something more fun : http : //t.co/ca31My7 # WHChatThe White House
whitehouse
CIA illustration
The ‘ Moriarty ' Supremacy
How a Yankee genius invented the tools for America 's secret wars
Robert Beckhusen Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 27 , 2013
by STEVE WEINTZ
Fifty years ago , Stanley Lovell published a book he 'd waited 20 years to write . The reason it took so long : Lovell was once the chief scientist of the Office for Strategic Services ( OSS ) — the legendary predecessor of the CIA .
Necessarily hedged in by security concerns even in 1963 , Lovell 's stories and anecdotes — collected in their memoirs Of Spies & Strategems — paint a lively picture of the astonishing origins of the American way of secretive war , along with sober and forceful arguments for its excesses and restraints .
The story begins with Gen. William “ Wild Bill ” Donovan , a high-powered and connected lawyer . Donovan had already worked as a personal representative to Pres . Franklin Roosevelt to consult with the Allied powers before the attack on Pearl Harbor . But when the war came to the United States , Donovan used their considerable pull to launch a new clandestine service answerable only to the Joint Chiefs .
While there are a few well-known OSS agents remembered today — most were unknowns or known only as anonymous “ Joes ” behind enemy lines — all these people needed specialized supplies to stay undercover , produce intelligence and conduct sabotage .
It was that job Donovan handed to Lovell , who went by the nickname “ Professor Moriarty . ”
“ I need every subtle device and every underhanded trick to use against the Germans and the Japanese … you 'll have to invent all of them , Lovell , ” Donovan told him . And Lovell did , leaving behind a thriving biochemical company he 'd built from scratch .
Lovell had risen from an impoverished , orphaned childhood to their selection by Donovan through grit , drive and education . They needed no patriot 's call to serve a country which had delivered on its promise . But they needed some kind of blessing on the black arts of wartime espionage .
“ P.T . Barnum is still a basic hero because they fooled so many people , ” Donovan told Lovell . “ Outside the orthodox warfare system is a great area of schemes , weapons and plans which no one who knows America expects us to originate because they are so un-American , but once it 's done , an American will vicariously glory in it . ”
Spy camera disguised as a matchbox . Wikimedia Commons photo
Creative destruction
Unleashing the eggheads during World War II proved riotously creative and often effective .
A book-sized incendiary and an explosive candle ( “ Shall I light a candle before bed , Monsieur Herr Colonel ? ” ) were early favorites . Another was the “ Casey Jones , ” a bomb that Italian partisans clamped to railroad car wheels with its strong magnet .
The bomb 's fearsome warning label in the German language deterred removal , while its photoelectric cell triggered the explosion upon registering an abrupt drop in light levels — say , when the railroad car entered a tunnel . Repair trains dispatched to clear the mess carried their own “ Casey Jones , ” so soon rail tunnels were filling with junk .
American forces in China requested a saboteurs ' explosive that could be easily smuggled around the countryside . “ Professor Moriarty ” asked explosives expert George Kistiakowski for the solution . Kistiakowski , who created the explosive “ lenses ” that drove the Fat Man plutonium bomb , came up with a white powder that could be wet with water , mixed with yeast and baked into bread , all without losing its TNT-like power . Lovell named the explosive “ Aunt Jemima . ”
There were others . The “ firefly ” was an small incendiary device easily slipped into a vehicle 's gas tank by a pump operator . The gas caused a rubber ring to swell and some chemicals ensured that the whole tank , not just the vapors , exploded .
Out in the Pacific , Marines and soldiers on jungle patrols were stalked by Japanese troops who would pick off the trailing men of a column before they could raise an alert . Lovell 's solution , the “ Bushmaster , ” was thuddingly simple : a time delay , spring and tube with a .30-cal rifle bullet inside . As a platoon made its way along a trail , soldiers would shinny up trees and attach Bushmasters . Once the timers ended , the bullets went off back down the trail and the trees shook violently , just as if snipers were hiding there . The resulting volley of shots gave the Japanese snipers away .
Ultraviolet light was tried as an invisible beacon signal for clandestine night landings , but it turned out to be too invisible for even friendly forces to see . A chance comment by a colleague to Lovell about cataract patients ' sensitivity to ultraviolet light led to some very brave , elderly heroes riding rubber rafts into dark surf , guiding commandos by their special sight .
Other tricks included camouflaged compartments in buttons and shoes for hiding things , and miniature cameras and microfilm for capturing data . Forged documents became key weapons in the Allied arsenal .
U.S. military bat house . Air Force photo
Bat bombs
It 's easy to see the necessity for accurately forged identity documents and ration cards , but what about money ?
The Axis powers used various forms of special currency in their conquered territories to control both the local economy and the local population . In the Philippines , Japanese authorities marked the occupation currency with regional stamps . A Zamboanga bill spent in Manila could get the user arrested — or worse . Internal travel and concentration were hobbled , making the organizing of resistance difficult .
For this and other “ duplication ” tasks , Lovell made use of one “ Jim the Penman ” — a guest of Uncle Sam on leave from a penitentiary — and their extraordinary forging skills . More than an act of Congress , it took Pres . Roosevelt 's personal , deniable authorization to permit the OSS to make so much funny money , and it became something of a diplomatic headache later in the war .
Some ideas Lovell 's team dreamed up seemed to come not from Skull and Bones , but Delta House . When OSS anthropologists noted the extreme shame associated with defecation in Japanese culture , a substance dubbed “ Who ? Me ? ” was whipped up , encapsulated and dispatched to Asia , where children delighted in sneaking up behind Japanese officers and spritzing their pants with the strong essence of unwashed rectum .
Over-the-transom ideas were especially zany , often pushed forward by politically-connected enthusiasts .
The Bat Bomb concept came from someone known to Eleanor Roosevelt , who thought they knew about bats . Bats roost under eaves ; Japanese buildings are made of paper and wood ; if tiny firebombs were attached to a zillion bats and they were released near Tokyo from submarines or planes , the bats would roost under those wooden eaves and ( poof ! ) the whole town would burn down .
The bats were collected at Carlsbad Caverns and carefully fitted with tiny bombs , but either died or flew away instantly , and no one at OSS was terribly sorry .
But this was a deadly serious war and every harmful thing was considered , including gas and assassination . Key figures on all sides were targeted . The Americans assassinated Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto , while the Germans failed to get Winston Churchill . When intelligence reported an upcoming meeting between Hitler and Mussolini at a known location , “ Professor Moriarty ” proposed and implemented a gruesome scheme .
Armed only with a chemical capsule and a vase of flowers , an agent would enter the meeting room just before the leaders entered . After the agent dropped the capsule into the vase and left , it would release nitrogen mustard gas into the air just as Der Fuerher and Il Duce sat down . The gas attacks the optic nerve , inducing permanent blindness within minutes , and Lovell 's hope was that no one would follow a dictator suddenly stricken blind .
Only a sudden change of schedule prevented the plot from proceeding .
“ [ W ] e had tried and that thinking , by itself , was a new way for America to wage a war , ” Lovell writes . “ I submit it as more intelligent by far than killing a man in an enemy 's uniform — a man unknown to you , set on killing you only because they are so ordered , but without power or responsibility . You win the game much faster if you checkmate the King and treat the pawns as the relatively unimportant nuisances they are . ”
Church Committee hearings . 1975 . Boise State University
Blowback
But one weapon was off limits , even in a fight to the death .
Biochemical weapons might be researched and used against individuals , but gas and germs were not used during World War II — outside of China — as weapons of mass destruction .
It was n't for lack of trying : the U.S. alone built its chemical warfare stockpile from almost nothing in 1940 to 115,000 tons by 1945 . The Germans invented gas warfare and had huge stockpiles of nerve gas available to crush the Normandy invasions . Why did n't they ? Lovell wanted to know and submitted their questions to the interrogators of Hermann Goering , the Nazi air force chief , at Nuremberg .
“ The horses , ” replied Goering .
The Nazis knew the Allies would retaliate with gas if attacked with gas , and the German armies were short on fuel . The Germans — whose military still relied heavily on horses throughout the war — were terrified their transport system would collapse if the horses got gassed .
This was one piece of intelligence everyone missed .
In early 1944 , a British officer submitted a highly classified document at the request of the War Department . They were asked for their assessment of the planned assault on Iwo Jima . The Lethbridge Report forecast 20,000 casualties if the island fortress were taken by conventional means , and recommended a naval bombardment using unmarked gas shells mixed in with regular munitions . After the winds dispersed the gas , the island could be taken easily . Adm. Chester Nimitz and other senior commanders agreed to the plan , but Roosevelt vetoed the operation without explanation .
Lovell darkly wrote that they could never look at the iconic image of Old Glory rising over Mt . Suribachi without thinking of the 23,000 dead and wounded on Iwo Jima , who might have been saved if gas warfare had been authorized .
That same year , Churchill considered a then-abandoned a proposal to begin gas bombing the Reich . Both Roosevelt and Churchill approved many morally questionable acts , but gas warfare was not among them .
Lovell 's original concerns over “ un-American ” activities eventually came home to roost , when the CIA 's heavy hi-jinks in Southeast Asia and elsewhere rose into public view during the Church Committee hearings in the 1970s . “ Blowback ” was already a problem for the OSS before the CIA was founded . Some silent guns of Lovell 's own design went missing and turned up in the hands of the Haganah in Palestine , where the British suffered terribly from snipers .
The American public may once have loved P.T . Barnum , and they cheered when the SEALs got Bin Laden , but the debate over the American way of secret war shows Stanley Lovell to have been as prescient as they were brilliantly sinister . Whether Americans want to once again embrace that kind of war is another matter .
Subscribe to War is Boring here .
Google Docs , the online suite of productivity applications , has long offered collaborative , cloud-based sharing and editing of office-type documents . A new add-in for Microsoft Office , Cloud Connect , now extends the reach of that online offering to the world of traditional desktop applications .
The add-in , for Office 2003 , 2007 , and 2010 ( both 32- and 64-bit versions ) enables cloud syncing and collaborative editing of Word , Excel , and PowerPoint documents . In doing this , it is competing head-on with Microsoft 's own collaboration features found in Office 2010 , SkyDrive , and SharePoint . Microsoft has promoted collaborative editing as one of the major features of Office 2010 , and both companies clearly think that this model of concurrent editing is going to become increasingly common . We took a look at Google 's plug-in against Office 2010 's native collaboration features to see if it 's all it 's cracked up to be .
The Google plug-in installs a thin toolbar in each supported application . The toolbar shows the sync status of each document , its Google Docs URL , and a toggle to switch between automatic syncing and on-demand manual syncing . For the most part , it is designed to be transparent . If left in automatic mode , any document saved locally will automatically be uploaded to Google Docs every time you hit save . Saving the document for the first time gives it a Google Docs URL , which can then be shared around to enable collaboration .
To open the document in Word , it must be downloaded and opened up . Cloud Connect embeds metadata within each document to allow the plugin to recognize that the document can be synchronized ( the privacy conscious can elect to remove this metadata , but doing so breaks the association with Google Docs and hence ends the ability to sync and share changes ) . On saving the document for the first time after opening it , you are asked if you want to save as a new version of the existing document , or as version one of a new document . Choose to save as a new version , and away you go : multiple people can edit the document concurrently .
In use , the experience is a little unnerving . There 's no apparent indication that someone else has the document open or which section they 're working on . New words just appear from nowhere whenever the document syncs . The lack of interface is something of a liability ; it makes it very easy to step on each other 's toes and make conflicting changes .
In theory , conflicts are handled by giving you the choice of which edit to pick . In practice , we found a variety of behaviors occurred , none of which were correct . Sometimes one document would simply fail to sync , being permanently broken until a fresh copy was reopened from the server . Other times it would sync and merge the edits together . The most common result was that one set of edits would end up clobbering the other , with the winner picked apparently at random . Without careful coordination , data loss seems inevitable .
Word 2010 's native collaborative editing worked a lot better . Word gives an indication of how many people are editing a document simultaneously : changes are unlikely to ever catch anyone by surprise , since even as they work on the document , they know that modifications are being made by others . More significantly , Word both shows where in the document others are working , and locks those paragraphs for the duration of their editing . This gives a clear indication of who is doing what , and means that conflicting edits are much less likely to occur . For larger , more expansive edits , sections can be manually locked . Where Google 's Cloud Connect is chaotic , Word 2010 is coordinated .
Word 2010 also feels more integrated with other Microsoft offerings . For example , it 's easy to send an e-mail or instant message to anyone else editing the document via their contact card . Google provides no indication of who is working on a document , much less any facility to talk to them via Google Talk . Cloud Connect may connect to the cloud , but only a small part of it .
The situation in PowerPoint is similar . We found Cloud Connect to be inconsistent , and the lack of real feedback to indicate that multiple people were working on a document led to surprises . Syncing was fine when it worked ( if a little surprising to have slides and text appear from nowhere ) , but did n't always seem to work , with one machine claiming to have successfully saved changes but the other machine being unable to see those changes for many minutes .
PowerPoint 2010 , as with Word 2010 , has in-built support for concurrent editing , though it is much less fine-grained than Word . PowerPoint shows a small indicator over a slide if another person is editing it , and it has the same list of concurrent editors as Word 2010 , but this is all ; PowerPoint lacks any equivalent to Word 's fine-grained locking feature .
It 's with Excel that Google 's offering has the most to offer . The Excel 2010 desktop client has no built-in collaboration features at all ; only one person may edit the file at a time . Others are offered only a read-only copy , along with a notification when the file becomes available for editing , in common with previous versions of the software .
Cloud Connect has no such restriction ; multiple editors can work on a single spreadsheet with ease . However , the same problems that plague PowerPoint and Word equally affect Excel ; inconsistent , slow syncing , clobbered modifications , and so on . It was nice enough when it worked . It just did n't work often enough .
Syncing problems were not the only issues we experienced . On a number of occasions the plug-in crashed or hung the applications we were using ; it was not stable enough to be safely usable day-to-day . It is perhaps a little ironic that one of the Google products that 's not described as a beta was in practice less reliable than many of the company 's products that are labelled as such . If it were stable then I would be inclined to keep it around for the occasional convenience it offers : as it is , I 'm going to remove it immediately , because I ca n't stand for it to crash the programs I 'm using .
There is , of course , another side to the cloud connectivity—Web-based editing . The files stored in Google Docs , SkyDrive , and SharePoint can all be edited using the Web-based editors that those services provide . Here again the experience was varied . In a rather peculiar reversal of the desktop situation , Office Web has no provisions for concurrent editing of Word or PowerPoint documents . They operate on a lock basis , with only one user—either online or on the desktop—allowed to make changes at a time . Excel Web , however , allows multiple users to edit in-browser . Why this should be possible in the ( dumbed down ) Web client but not the fully featured desktop client is beyond me .
Google Docs is unable to edit any of the Office files . It has an online viewer , but no editor . But it does n't really make this clear ; if you tell it to edit an Office document rather than , say , telling you that it ca n't , it just quietly converts the document to a native Google Docs file , and lets you edit that . This means that your edits are now divorced from the original file—there 's no provision to merge them back to the Office document . This is sure to annoy more people than it assists . If you 've installed Cloud Connect and intend to use Office , quietly making changes that no longer live in the Office world is totally unhelpful .
All in all , we 're left with the feeling that Cloud Connect is a not-even-version-1 product . Even when working at its best , its user experience was crude and unpolished—and much of the time , it did n't even work at its best . Google is positioning Cloud Connect as an alternative to SharePoint that avoids the expense of Office 2010 . Unfortunately , it does so at the expense of being usable and useful . Unless you simply must use Office 2003 or 2007—or are desperate for collaboration in desktop Excel even if it does n't work very well—take a pass on this one .
De Sciglio : One day , Milan captain
By Football Italia staff
Mattia De Sciglio insists they dream of being Milan captain , despite being linked with Real Madrid .
Reports in Italy and Spain over recent months have been that Carlo Ancelotti 's Real Madrid are tracking the youngster .
Whilst they admit such links are flattering , the defender has said that their intention is to stay at San Siro .
“ I 'm focused on Milan , ” De Sciglio has told Corriere della Sera .
“ If the rumours were true then of course I 'd be pleased , but I have other plans for the future .
“ I 'm trying to learn from the experienced players in the dressing room like Abbiati , Bonera and Montolivo who are leaders of this team .
“ It 'd be an honour to one day become the captain of Milan . Those who lead lift the Cups ? One more reason to wear it .
“ I 'd like to play for many years , to demonstrate my qualities and win the trophies which I have n't won . ”
At the age of 22 , De Sciglio has already played over 50 games for Milan , as well as being capped 14 times by Italy , leading some to compare the full-back to club legend Paolo Maldini .
However , the youngster looked to play down the comparisons , and thanked former Milan Coach Massimiliano Allegri for handing them a first-team berth .
“ For me , people only make this comparison because I showed what I could do at a young age .
“ I need to learn to ignore the criticism .
“ Compared to the other players I played with in the youth system , I was able to make the leap straight from the youth team to the first team without going out on loan .
“ I have to thank Allegri , who helped me to grow and gave me an opportunity to show what I can do . ”
This will probably cause some friction .
Sadie Robinson , 29 , allegedly tried to burn down the Warrensburg , N.Y. apartment they share with their boyfriend , Peter Moody , and their two children by placing a can of WD-40 lubricant in the oven at 400 degrees , WNYT reported .
Police say Robinson attempted to set the fire Monday morning , while Moody was asleep in the apartment , Hudson Valley YNN reports . Steven Stockdale , a lieutenant with the Warren County Sheriff 's Criminal Investigations Unit , told the station that after turning on the oven , Robinson fled with the children -- ages 15 months and 3 months -- and headed to the airport .
Moody told deputies they awoke to find the home completely filled with smoke , and quickly realized their girlfriend and children were missing .
Deputies located Robinson a few hours later , attempting to get on a plane to Florida with the kids . According to the North Country Gazette , they had purchased the tickets -- and also withdrawn $ 2,500 cash -- with an IRS refund card they had stolen from Moody .
Lt. Stockade told the Post Star that the can could have ignited if the temperature had gotten hot enough .
“ It does have a flashpoint and could have caused an explosion , ” they said .
Stockdale also noted that authorities believe Robinson tried to set the fire because of `` a problem in their relationship . ''
Moody suffered no injuries in the incident , and damages to the home are minimal .
Thousands of avid gamers and industry giants joined the crowds at Gamescom Cologne last week , and some were lucky enough to try out Stunlock 's upcoming Dead Island : Epidemic at the Deep Silver booth . Check out what they and other fans have to say about it .
Shaun McInnis ( Gamespot )
Teams capture flags/points around the map , they then hold the base and can pick up supplies over time . The thing I like is that it feels different ( to standard MOBA ) . The matches are about 10 minutes .
Martin Gaston ( Gamespot )
Killing neutral zombies running around the map also gets you supplies , at a much slower rate than holding onto a flag . The team with the most amount of supplies wins . There are basic walkers , and they also have super zombies in there .
Andrew Yoon ( Shacknews )
Perhaps the most interesting thing Deep Silver is attempting with Epidemic is forcing teams to complete , and cooperate , with one another . Not only will some objectives require cooperation , but super-boss zombies will occasionally appear , “ requiring the cooperation of all 3 competing teams ” to take down .
Kelz_dunks4life ( STFU & Play )
Epidemic features an immense crafting system where players can forge their weapon arsenal of choice . There will be hundreds of weapons , trinkets and items that players can craft , and once crafted , these weapons can continue to be improved to fully suit a player 's personality and play style . Combining weapons and their effects and perks will offer an enormous range of possible setups and a new take on gameplay in this genre .
Mike Futter ( Game Informer )
Familiar Dead Island zombie types and weapons make appearances , and a crafting system is under development right now . Each player has four weapon slots ( toggled with the 1-4 buttons ) and four different abilities ( Q , E , R , F ) . Each character has a resistant and infected form , and instead of turning into a zombie , the infected survivors manipulate the virus to give themselves unique powers and mutations .
For instance , Sledge ( likely a temporary name ) is a big , slow tank . However , their resistant and infected forms play off that base archetype in different ways . Their virus-ridden form gives them the ability to heal allies , taunt foes , and slam the ground after a massive leap . In order to streamline the demo , skills were automatically unlocked and upgraded when points became available .
How 's it sounding to you guys so far ? Are there any features or other gameplay mechanics you 'd like to see ? Leave your thoughts and comments below .
Sources :
Credits : Special thanks to community member Eidolon for theirs suggestions ! !
Advertisements
Seiyu 's Life ! is a popular anime series that was broadcast this year from July to September . The broadcast has concluded , but there is still no end to developments . Among them is the continuing activities of the seiyu ( voice actor ) unit Earphones that was created from the series .
Earphones is a unit that appears in Seiyu 's Life ! and is comprised of three newcomer seiyu : Futaba Ichinose , Ichigo Moesaki , and Rin Kohana . In charge of their voices are Marika Kono , Rie Takahashi , and Yuki Nagaku , respectively , who have turned Earphones into a real seiyu unit that they are all active members of . Their first album , Miracle Mystery Tour , will be released on Nov. 21 .
Preceding the release , a trailer has been posted online of their new song “ Magic of Love ” featured on their upcoming first album . The trailer is about two and a half minutes and in it you can enjoy visuals of their first solo live concert held on Oct. 11 , 2015 at Harajuku Astro Hall along with the melody of “ Magic of Love ” and charms of Earphones . “ Magic of Love ” is a song concepted around magical girl anime and indeed has a distinctive Earphones sound .
Earphones ' first album will feature 12 tracks in total including songs used in the anime— “ Sore ga Seiyu ! ” ( “ Seiyu 's Life ! ” ) , “ Mimi no Naka e ” ( “ Into Your Ears ” ) , and “ Hikari no Saki e ” ( “ Towards the Light ” ) —as well as nine newly recorded songs . The opening song , “ Overture , ” includes a narration by Masako Nozawa , a leading figure in the seiyu world . Starting with this , the album develops around the concept of the three girls traveling through fictional anime worlds with song . It features a diverse range of must-hear songs that push this concept forward .
Of course , Earphones will continue to be active even from hereon . They will hold a live performance titled “ Earphones vs Aice5 - Sore ga Unit ! ” on Nov. 22 at the NHK Hall . The senpai seiyu unit Aice5 and newcomer unit Earphones together on the same stage will make it a talked-about performance .
In case you were n't aware , last week , on Friday October 18 , all versions of Java were marked as unsafe in Firefox 24 . You can see the details in bug 914690 .
When Monday rolled around reports of problems started coming in . Companies unable to use their software . People unable to do their banking . Citizens unable to access government sites . Hundreds of millions of users affected .
It took three days for the decision to be made to remove the block , and since the blocklist is cached , even more for users to see the results .
Looking back , I 'm surprised out how lightly this change was taken . Marking Java as unsafe is a major change that affects millions of users ; it should have been handled much better . Here are some of the things that were wrong with this decision :
With a strong rebound in job growth last month , the labor market is back on solid ground . But workers are still struggling to get the substantial wage gains they 've been craving since the end of the recession , economists said .
Here are the highlights :
The economy added 222,000 net new jobs , the Labor Department said — the best performance since February and well above analyst expectations .
The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.4 % from May 's 16-year low , but because more people joined the labor force .
May 's job growth was revised up to 152,000 and April also was revised up , as part of a gain of 47,000 more total jobs for those two months than initially estimated .
Wages continued their steady but slow recent growth , increasing 4 cents to $ 26.25 .
`` Hiring is back to where it has been throughout much of the 8-year-old economic expansion , ” said Mark Hamrick , senior economic analyst at financial information website Bankrate.com .
“ Growth is modest , not spectacular , which is to be expected for a mature expansion . ”
Job growth returns to 2016 pace
With June 's strong growth and the statistical revisions , monthly job gains have averaged 180,000 this year , close to last year 's level of 187,000 .
On Monday , President Trump criticized the media for ignoring the “ great jobs numbers ” since they took office . The White House offered a muted response Friday , with Press Secretary Sean Spicer touting the job gains on Twitter as “ great news ” for U.S. workers .
https : //twitter.com/PressSec/status/883323315754020865
Economists said the pace of job growth this year has not been great , but has been solid . And the bounce back in June allays any fears of a significant slowdown .
“ This was a good jobs report . It suggests there 's still a fair amount of vitality in the U.S. labor market , ” said Nariman Behravesh , chief economist at IHS Markit , a business research and analysis firm .
But the report probably overstated the strength of the market somewhat because it was boosted by a gain of 35,000 net new jobs in state and local government after the sector shed 8,000 positions in May , they said .
The June gains likely represent a temporary jump as school districts made new hires for the fall , Behravesh said . They expected job growth in coming months to be in the range of 150,000 to 180,000 .
Retail gains jobs for first time since January
Customers shop at an Aldi grocery store in Chicago on June 12 . ( Scott Olson / Getty Images )
June 's job growth was boosted by large increases in hiring in the healthcare and social-assistance sector , as well as by local governments .
But the most notable move was by retailers . The sector added 8,100 net new jobs in June after shedding 7,200 the previous month .
From February through May , retail payrolls declined by 79,400 jobs as the sector struggled with the growing shift to online shopping .
“ The gain in June shows that the industry is still very much meeting the demands of consumers and households , ” said Jack Kleinhenz , chief economist for the National Retail Federation .
They cautioned that “ one month does not make a trend , ” a point echoed by other economists .
“ We wo n't see sustained employment growth in the retail sector , ” said Cathy Barrera , chief economic advisor at ZipRecruiter , the Santa Monica job-hunting site .
“ Between the competition with online options for consumers and for new technologies that are replacing workers in stores — self checkout is one example of that — I do n't think those jobs are going to be there in the long run , ” they said .
A higher jobless rate is actually good
( @ latimesgraphics )
The unemployment rate rose 0.1 percentage point last month after hitting its lowest level since 2001 in May . But the increase , to 4.4 % , was for a good reason — 361,000 people joined the labor force a month after it contracted .
That nudged up the percentage of working-age Americans either working or actively looking for a job to 62.8 % . That labor force participation rate still is near a four-decade low , and economists said the increasing retirement of baby boomers makes it difficult to boost the level significantly .
The participation rates for men and women ages 25 to 54 have almost gotten back to their pre-recession levels , Barrera said . But for Americans ages 16 to 24 , the recovery has been slower .
“ It makes sense that this is the last group to recover , ” they said . “ There just were n't a lot of jobs available for young people high school-age or college-age during the recession . ”
Some of them have opted to stay in school longer to boost their job qualifications , Barrera said . Getting those Americans back in the workforce will help tighten the labor market and lead to increased wages .
Wage growth is still struggling
Average hourly earnings increased 4 cents last month to $ 26.25 , a slight improvement over May 's gains .
For the 12 months ended June 30 , wages have increased 2.5 % . That 's a slight increase over the 12-month period ended May 31 and above the low rate of inflation . But it 's still short of the stronger growth economists have been hoping for as the labor market tightens .
“ If wages accelerate , that will encourage more people who might have given up looking for work to start looking again , ” said Jed Kolko , chief economist with employment website Indeed.com . “ That 's why wages are an important and the most troubling piece of the puzzle right now . ”
With unemployment low , employers should be forced to increase wages to lure new workers and keep existing ones .
But some of the biggest job gains in June were in lower-wage sectors , like healthcare and temporary workers , which kept wage growth down , Kolko said
“ It 's unclear how much the slower wage growth is due to long-term factors , like productivity slowdown and demographic shifts , and how much of it could be reversed by a tighter labor market and employers bidding up wages , ” they said .
Federal Reserve monetary policymakers have been expecting faster wage growth as the unemployment rate falls .
Still , the job-creation figures for June should provide relief to central bank officials , who have been increasing a key short-term interest rate in large part because of the strength of the labor market .
In June , the Fed nudged the rate up for the third time in six months . Even though the pace of job growth has moderated this year , Fed Chairwoman Janet L. Yellen said the labor market “ continues to strengthen . ”
If job growth remains solid , the Fed is expected to raise the rate again before the end of the year .
Support our journalism Already a subscriber ? Thank you for your support . If you are not , please consider subscribing today . Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks .
ALSO
Private-sector job growth slows to still-solid 158,000
Workers celebrate L.A. 's new $ 12 minimum wage , businesses brace for impact
When they interviewed for a dishwashing job , Lina Hu got a $ 40-million idea
Michael Hiltzik : That new Seattle study is a big problem for fans of a higher minimum wage — or is it ?
by Brendan Dunne
Images by Andy Hur
There are certain shoes that end up imprinted in our collective memory because of their presence in a pop culture moment . Some of these come from movies : the Nike Cortez will always be associated with Forrest Gump and the Nike Air Command Force is the White Men Ca n't Jump sneaker . But , sometimes these moments come from a newsworthy event wherein a pair of shoes builds a lasting connection for anyone preoccupied with footwear .
The Nike Decade in its black and white colorway is one of those shoes , and is tied to a particularly morbid moment in American history . The shoes were worn by members of the Heaven 's Gate cult during the group 's mass suicide that took place from March 24-26 , 1997 . The eerie photos from the scene of the crime famously featured each member in the same uniform , with the same black pants and black and white Nikes . The relatively unknown Nike model was for many years assumed to be a Nike Cortez . Grainy photos from the scene have been examined plenty by footwear enthusiasts online since , who eventually pegged it properly as the Nike Decade .
via Gizmodo
Unsurprisingly , the shoe has never been back since its original release . Part of this probably has to do with the fact that the shoe is a pretty nondescript runner . Originally a 1993 release by most accounts , the model did n't feature any of the signature tech of its era . No Air Max on the bottom or neoprene Huarache material on top meant that it was n't exactly a hallmark of Nike 's innovative efforts at the time . But there 's no doubt that part of the brand 's avoidance of a retro has to do with the dark and tragic events that earned the shoe infamy .
Bizarrely , the official website of Heaven 's Gate is maintained to this day . According to Gizmodo , the site is run by ex-members Mark and Sarah King , who left the group in 1987 . The site even has a contact email address listed , and those who run it will promptly answer questions about the group .
When we asked about the sneakers , the response explained that the Nike Decade was a budget option that appealed to the group 's leader . `` They turned out to be a look that Do [ bka Marshall Applewhite , the group 's founder and leader ] and the Class liked , '' the response read . `` They were also to be able to get a good deal on them . It was a combination of factors that made the sale happen , not because of a particular model or brand . ''
Ledgers bequeathed to those who run the Heaven 's Gate website give the exact details of the transaction . Per the ledgers , on March 1 , 1997 , two members purchased the sneakers in bulk for $ 548.45 from a store in North County , in the San Diego area . Those same sneakers would be worn by each member during the group 's mass suicide at the month 's end .
Saturday Night Live lampooned the Nike connection a few weeks after the event with the mock commercial below , which used the Beatles ' `` Revolution '' just as Nike did with its ad of the same name in 1987 . That spot prompted Nike 's only comment on record regarding the shoe . Speaking with Ad Week in 1997 , company spokesperson Jim Small said , `` The Heaven 's Gate incident was a tragedy . It had nothing to do with Nike . ''
Nike did come close to referencing the Heaven 's Gate group again in 2008 with an actual sneaker release . Then , Nike SB rider Todd Jordan designed a pair of Nike SB Dunk Highs in a black/white/purple colorway as an homage to the uniforms of the cult members and the purple sheets they covered themselves with during the suicides . When Jordan explained their inspiration in an interview with The Shoe Game , Nike caught wind of their public explanation and canceled the release . As a result , the `` Heaven 's Gate '' Nike SB Dunks exist only in sample form–although a similarly colored `` Un-Heaven 's Gate '' would release in 2009 .
Brands are keen on referencing cultural moments that their sneakers were a part of . These moments are often off-handedly referred to in retro campaigns in order to remind consumers of the shoes ' history and importance . Those moments are n't always positive though . The Air Jordan 11 Low , for example , recently found some new notoriety for its part in the Aaron Hernandez murder trial . The eerie and unfortunate story of the Nike Decade is another of those moments . It 's one that the brands will never touch , but regardless , it has a spot in pop-culture sneaker history .
Edgard Garrido / Reuters Ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya has their hat handed to them before a news conference inside the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa
After months of delay , Arturo Valenzuela was finally confirmed as Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs last month . But for a job with such a long title , they may find it 's short on clout these days . Ostensibly , Valenzuela is President Obama 's new point man on Latin America ; in reality , that job looks to be under the control of Republicans in Congress and conservatives inside Obama 's own diplomatic corps . In fact , when it comes to U.S. policy in Latin America  as events this week in Honduras suggest  it 's often hard to tell if George W. Bush is n't still President .
Granted , Latin America is on Obama 's back burner as they tackle Afghanistan . But next year they plan to tackle immigration reform  an issue , like drug trafficking and free trade , that 's heavily related to how well the U.S. helps Latin America build more equitble democratic institutions ( the region has the world 's worst gap between rich and poor ) . Yet as they end their first year in office , Obama seems to have ceded Latin America strategy to right-wing Cold Warriors whose thinking  including the idea that coups are still an acceptable means of regime change  is no more equipped to help bring the region into the 21st century than the ideology of left-wing Marxists is .
That 's been most apparent in Honduras , where the country 's congress this week refused to reinstate democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya , a leftist who was ousted in a June 28 military coup . The Obama Administration condemned Zelaya 's overthrow as an affront to Latin America 's fledgling democracies . But conservatives led by GOP South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint  who blocked Valenzuela 's confirmation to protest Obama 's stance  and Bush Administration holdovers such as the U.S. 's ambassador to the Organization of American States , Lewis Amselem ( who was finally replaced this week ) , pushed Obama into brokering a deal in which the U.S. effectively condoned yet another armed putsch in the region . In an about-face , Obama recognized last Sunday 's presidential election in Honduras , even though almost every other government in the world did n't because they consider the current regime there illegitimate . ( The incoming Honduran president will be Porfirio Lobo , a wealthy cattle rancher . ) ( See a story about Zelaya protesting the Honduran election . )
U.S. officials had been optimistic that even if the Honduran Congress refused to restore Zelaya before last Sunday 's election , it would at least vote after the election to let them finish the remaining two months of their term . It would be a good-faith sign that the country was returning to constitutional order . Instead the legislators , emboldened by the success of the coup , poked both Obama and constitutional order in the eye again this week . Coup-happy forces in other Latin American countries can only feel emboldened as well . ( See pictures of post-coup violence in Honduras . )
The Honduras debacle is just the latest example of Obama 's actions failing their words in Latin America . They wowed the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad last spring with soaring pledges to drop Washington 's heavy-handed double standards in the region . They won kudos for acknowledging that the drug war is as much about U.S. consumption as it is about Latin corruption . But the cheers have since turned to chagrin on numerous fronts . Obama is loath to offend supporters of the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba ; yet even Latin leaders who scorn the Castros shake their heads at Obama 's insistence on retaining that utterly failed and globally rebuked policy  a position they hold despite polls that show a majority of Cuban-Americans now favor letting U.S. citizens travel to the communist island , and which suggest they 're also weary of the 47-year-old embargo .
In South America , meanwhile , Obama has turned what should have been a routine transfer of U.S. anti-drug operations into a diplomatic row . By not consulting the continent 's leaders about U.S. plans to use Colombian military bases not just for drug interdiction but also counter-insurgency work , which could theoretically spill over Colombia 's borders , they needlessly revived deep-seated fears of yanqui military interventionism south of the border and raised the hackles of U.S. allies like Brazil and Chile . It was the kind of dismissive display that Bush was best known for in Latin America  and a gift to the anti-U.S. Latin left , whose leader , Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez , is galvanizing their political base at home in a difficult economy by hollering about an imminent U.S. invasion .
One of the U.S. 's more tiresome habits in Latin America is over-emphasizing elections as a political panacea . A transparent vote is of course a good thing  but for too long the U.S. has given Latin countries the impression that it 's the only thing , muffling the harder message that real democracy is what happens after elections . Critics may call Chávez an authoritarian Castro wannabe . Yet he 's remained in power for 10 years , and may well last another 10 , in part because he 's exploited Washington 's election obsession . He 's been cleanly voted in three times and that 's helped them retain a democratic legitimacy despite their hegemonic power inside Venezuela . Valenzuela insists that the recent Honduran election does n't whitewash the coup ; but Amselem recently told the OAS they thought it would . Now , by recognizing its results , after earlier warning that they would n't , Obama has essentially accepted Amselem 's dubious principle .
Valenzuela , one of the U.S. 's most esteemed experts on Latin America , was `` disappointed '' by the Honduran Congress ' decision not to let Zelaya finish out their term . `` The status quo , '' they said , `` remains unacceptable . '' But it 's a status quo Obama let the Cold Warriors keep intact  and it 's now up to Valenzuela to wrest Latin America policy back from them .
Read `` In Central America , Coups Still Trump Change ``
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will not testify at a congressional hearing Thursday into breakdowns in the rollout of the federal Affordable Care Act , drawing more heat from House Republicans .
An HHS official confirmed Saturday that the secretary would not attend , citing a conflict in their schedule .
`` We are in close communication with the committee and have expressed our desire to be responsive to their request , ” the official said .
The hearing , before the House Energy and Commerce Committee , was scheduled this week to address glitches in the Obamacare website . Chairman Fred Upton , R-Mich. , ripped Sebelius when initial reports indicated they would not attend .
`` Secretary Sebelius had time for Jon Stewart , and we expect them to have time for Congress , '' they said in a statement , referring to their appearance last week on Comedy Central 's `` The Daily Show . ''
Saturday , Speaker of the House John Boehner joined the chorus blasting Sebelius in a post on Twitter :
HHS Secretary @ Sebelius has time for galas & late night TV , but wo n't testify about the # ObamaCare # trainwreck http : //t.co/8vQWvJxx9N — Speaker John Boehner ( @ SpeakerBoehner ) October 19 , 2013
Since its launch , on Oct. 1 , the site has been plagued by crashes as Americans to try log on and enroll for health insurance . The Obama administration has conceded that the launch has been rockier than it had hoped .
The Twins announced on Wednesday that they 've signed free-agent catcher Jason Castro to a three-year , $ 24.5MM contract , as was initially reported last week . Minnesota , one of the rare teams that discloses financial details of signings themselves , announced that the deal is slightly front-loaded , with Castro set to earn $ 8.5MM in 2017 and $ 8MM in both 2018 and 2019 . The team 's 40-man roster is now full following the signing of Castro , though they 'll presumably vacate one spot in advance of next week 's Rule 5 Draft , when they have the first overall selection .
Castro , 29 , drew strong early interest in a market that featured few immediate , near-regular catching options . With Wilson Ramos carrying a second ACL tear with them into free agency , Castro 's standing was significantly improved — as was that of other top options such as Matt Wieters , Kurt Suzuki , and Nick Hundley .
[ Related : Updated Minnesota Twins Depth Chart ]
Age was undoubtedly a factor that worked in Castro 's favor , but they also intrigued with their blend of left-handed power and reputation as a framing guru . Though they have never returned to their breakout 2013 levels of production at the plate , and is deficient in the on-base department , Castro has hit double-digit home runs in each of the last four seasons and has historically posted approximately league-average power ( in terms of isolated slugging ) .
In the defensive department , Castro has consistently rated as one of the game 's best at winning borderline strikes for their pitchers ( by measure of both StatCorner and Baseball Prospectus ) . Though he 's average in other regards behind the plate , that leaves Castro as a top-quality run preventer , at least if one accepts the more aggressive assessments of pitch framing 's capacity to impact run expectancy .
There are plenty of limitations to their game , too , of course . Most notably , Castro carries only a .215 batting average and .291 OBP over the past three seasons . There 's a lot of swing and miss to their game ( 32.7 % strikeout rate last year ) , though they can take a free pass and just boosted their walk rate to a career-best 12.0 % in 2016 .
With proper platoon usage , though , those problems can perhaps be offset . Castro hit just .149/.237/.241 last year when facing southpaws , but posted a much more useful .231/.331/.426 slash over their 279 plate appearances against righties . Those numbers mirror their career marks , which suggest there 's little reason ever to send them out without the platoon advantage .
For the Twins , Castro represents the first major acquisition of a new-look front office led by Derek Falvey and Thad Levine . With Kurt Suzuki departing this winter — bringing with them a glove that framing metrics were not fond of — that pair set out to find a replacement . Falvey and Levine evidently believe in the value of pitch framing , targeting Castro and staying on them even as the price tag moved to a fairly lofty level .
Minnesota will presumably pair Castro with John Ryan Murphy , who was picked up last winter in hopes he 'd turn into a quality receiver . Though the 25-year-old scuffled badly at the plate in the majors , and hit just .236/.286/.323 in their 290 Triple-A plate appearances , they have shown more bat in the past and is considered a highly-talented framer in their own right . The club also just added Mitch Garver , another right-handed-hitting backstop , to the 40-man roster , so he 'll provide another option .
Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports first reported the signing ( Twitter links ) , and Yahoo 's Jeff Passan tweeted the exact guarantee .
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images .
Some music historians call the African-American sounds that emerged in Chicago in the mid-'60s and thrived for the next decade and a half “ soft soul. ” This always has seemed like a misnomer to me , both in terms of the fiery passion inherent in the best music and the hard-hitting messages of the lyrics .
Whatever name you choose to give it — and we could just as easily use funk or R & B — the influence of this city 's blues and gospel roots often loom large . And the contributions of most of the giants here endure , none more so than with our first entry .
19 . Curtis Mayfield
“ Our purpose was to educate was well as to entertain . ”
Born in Chicago and raised in part in the Cabrini-Green housing projects , Curtis Lee Mayfield first made their mark in the music world as one of the golden voices in the Impressions ( and a shout-out here to the man who formed that combo , Cook County Commissioner Jerry Butler ) .
Mayfield 's inspirational message of equality and self-empowerment was evident from the beginning , with songs such as their 1965 composition “ People Get Ready , ” the Impressions hit that became a Civil Rights anthem . That message was only amplified during the solo career they launched in 1970 , and which also found them working as a producer and the head of the independent record label Curtom .
Stay up-to-date with the latest news , stories and insider events . Please enter a valid email address Oops , something went wrong ! Sign Up Try Again You 've signed up to receive emails . Please check your email for a welcome confirmation .
Always smooth and infinitely soulful , Mayfield was a master of subtle subversion , as evidenced by their famous soundtrack for the 1972 blaxpoloitation film Super Fly . Far from glorifying the gangster mentality , as Isaac Hayes did with Shaft and as is all too common in gangsta rap to this day , Mayfield excoriated the conditions which led to urban violence , including poverty , drugs and our country 's chronic neglect of its inner cities .
Mayfield remained inspirational , too , for the way they lived with incredible grace and generosity , even after they were paralyzed when a lighting rig fell on them during a performance in 1990 . They died from complications from diabetes at age 57 in 1999 .
20 . Sam Cooke
“ As a singer grows older , their conception grows a little deeper , because they live life and they understand what they are trying to say a little more … If a singer tries to find out what 's happening in life , it gives them a better insight on telling the story of the song they are trying to sing . ”
Born in Mississippi , Samuel Cooke was only a few years old when the Great Migration brought their family to Chicago in 1933 . They started singing with their siblings at age 6 and never stopped throughout a life that was far too short , ending at age 33 when they were shot to death by the manager of a Los Angeles motel in 1964 .
After winning chart success as a member of the gospel group the Soul Stirrers , Cooke scored an incredible string of cross-over pop hits starting in 1957 , including “ A Change Is Gon na Come , ” “ Chain Gang , ” “ You Send Me , ” “ Another Saturday Night ” and “ Twistin ' the Night Away . ”
Cooke 's chart-topping success took them further from Chicago than many of the artists this series is claiming as hometown heroes . But the sound of the city — and in particular the gospel choirs that formed their musical foundation — never faded , no matter how far they ventured from the shores of Lake Michigan .
21 . Lou Rawls
“ Music is the greatest communication in the world . Even if people do n't understand the language that you 're singing in , they still know good music when they hear it . ”
Like Cooke , Louis Allen Rawls belongs to the world , but their roots are in Chicago . They were born here in 1933 , became a childhood friend of Cooke 's , and started singing in the Greater Mount Olive Baptist Church choir at age 7 .
Rawls moved to Los Angeles to join the Pilgrim Travelers in their late teens and rejoined the group after a stint in the 82nd Airborne . In the early '60s , they signed to Capitol Records , where Frank Sinatra was a big fan . There they started a solo career that would sell 40 million records , including hits such as “ Love Is A Hurtin ' Thing , ” “ Dead End Street , ” “ A Natural Man ” and “ You 'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine . ”
The singer and songwriter died in 2006 at age 72 .
22 . Gene Chandler
“ [ Originally ] , it was n't ' Duke , ' it was , 'do . dee , oh . ' But I said that 's kind of silly . ”
Born in Chicago and a graduate of Englewood High School , the former Eugene Drake Dixon put 19 songs in the Top 40 between 1962 and 1970 . But he 'll always be best known for 1962 's “ The Duke of Earl , ” a regal title they personified in top hat , cape , and monocle .
Listen to Chandler recount their long and fascinating career on Sound Opinions here .
23 . Chaka Khan
“ We need to learn how to love one another as women—how to appreciate and respect each other . ”
Born in Chicago and raised in Hyde Park , Yvette Marie Stevens adopted the name the music world knows them by as a young social activist and member of the Black Panthers . They first won widespread fame in the early '70s as a singer , drummer and songwriter for the funk band Rufus ( “ Tell Me Something Good ” ) before starting a solo career in 1978 and scoring a massive disco hit with the immortal epic of female empowerment , “ I 'm Every Woman . ”
Among their many fans : Prince ( with whom they toured and recorded ) , super-producer Quincy Jones and of course Oprah , who turned to them for the show 's most loved theme song .
24 . Earth , Wind & Fire
“ I started EWF because I had a vision , and music was playing in my head that I wanted to bring through . What I had in mind was exactly what Earth , Wind & Fire became. ” — Maurice White
Soul and funk 's premier big band really got going in Los Angeles , but Earth , Wind & Fire deserves its place on this list because it was indeed founded in Chicago in 1970 by Maurice White , a former session drummer for Chess Records who linked up with several other local musicians after the end of their first band , the Salty Peppers .
Then , too , there is no denying the group 's sartorial splendor , that kicking horn section ( take that , Chicago ! ) , or a string of hits including “ Shining Star , ” “ Sing A Song , ” “ Fantasy ” and “ Boogie Wonderland , ” all of which have that uniquely Chicago base of gospel church transcendence and blues juke-joint bacchanalia .
25 . Donny Hathaway
“ When I think of music , I think of music in its totality , complete . From the lowest blues to the highest symphony , you know , so what I 'd like to do is exemplify each style of as many periods as I can possibly do . ”
Hathaway is probably the least familiar name in this installment , unless people know they were the voice behind the eternal holiday standard “ This Christmas. ” But their legacy stands because of an unforgettable voice — they were universally considered “ a singer 's singer ” — as well as stylistic innovations that brought elements of jazz , blues and gospel to a string of soulful hits before their life , like Cooke 's , was tragically cut short at age 33 .
Although they were raised by their grandmother in St. Louis , Hathaway was born in Chicago , and they returned here to launch their musical career at Curtom Records as a songwriter , session musician and producer working for Mayfield . The latter 's social conscience echoes in several of Hathaway 's best songs , including “ The Ghetto. ” Other hits that followed once they moved on to Atco included “ Someday We 'll All B Free , ” “ I Love You More Than You 'll Ever Know ” and many collaborations with their friend Robert Flack .
Hathaway continues to be cited as a huge inspiration by many R & B artists today , prime among them our final entry this week .
26 . R. Kelly
“ I only feel sorry for weak people . And mostly what I 've come to find is that the weak people are the ones that are the haters . ”
By the sheer force of their commercial accomplishments — the singer , songwriter and producer has outsold every other artist on this list — Robert Sylvester Kelly must be included here . And their talents as a singer , songwriter and arranger ca n't be denied , even if their recordings ( except on the rare occasions when he 's consciously evoking old-school gospel or “ dusties soul ” /stepping music ) can be way too slick and over-produced .
But Kelly raises the troublesome question of whether we should celebrate their music when we know about their legacy of hurting so many young women ( which this blog recounted at length in 2013 ) . Can we ever really separate the art from the artist ? And should we ?
Every listener must ultimately answer for themselves on a case by case basis . For me , the answer is yes , we generally should separate the art from the artist — unless the art is in large part about behavior by the artist that has hurt others . And that , I believe , is indeed the case for the unrestrained and selfish vision of sexuality that dominates Kelly 's work , from “ Bump N ' Grind ” to “ I Believe I Can Fly , ” and from “ Trapped in the Closet ” to last year 's Christmas album .
As a listener , I can take no pleasure in Kelly 's music . And , like many , I find none of the inspirational powers or bottomless reservoirs of soul in the work of everyone else here .
About this series :
In my “ other ” role as an assistant professor at Columbia College Chicago , I was asked in the fall of 2015 to develop one of several “ Big Chicago ” classes intended to introduce first-semester students to the rich and diverse culture of Chicago . “ Music & Media in Chicago ” has made me think long and hard about the passions that have consumed my life . Last summer my editors at WBEZ said , “ Hey , we should highlight your overview of Chicago music here ! ”
In comparison to smaller cities such as Nashville , Memphis , Detroit and Austin , Chicago pays woefully little attention to its musical history , doing little to trumpet the past or celebrate the present for residents or tourists . Mind you , this and every installment of “ Chicago Music History 101 ” is just one critical fan 's take on what is most in need of recognition from our long and rich sonic legacy .
Limiting the series to “ 50 Chicago Artists Who Changed Popular Music ” is completely arbitrary — it could have been 100 , or 1,000 — and I 'm leaving other genres such as jazz and country to other critics and fans . This overview also is entirely subjective : Every reader and listener can and should have their own list . This simply is a place to get the conversation started .
Special thanks to ace director and videographer Andrew Gill , online majordomo Tricia Bobeda , and former digital intern Jack Howard for all of their help .
Click here for Part One in this series , the Blues .
Click here for Part Two in this series , Chess Records and Early Rock 'n ' Roll .
Click here for Part Three in this series , Gospel .
Click here for Part Four in this series , Rock in the '60s and '70s .
Follow me on Twitter at @ JimDeRogatis , join me on Facebook , and podcast or stream Sound Opinions .
Share on :
Is sex work ?
Helena Aaberg Information Office
University of Gothenburg
02/09/2009 11:02
Few things have aroused such conflicting feelings and heated discussions over the millennia as the sale of sexual services . Swedish prostitutes are regarded as victims and are protected by the Sex Purchase Act . In Germany persons who sell sex are seen as professionals and they can operate in legal brothels . Just in time for this year 's tenth anniversary of the Swedish Sex Purchase Act , historian of ideas Susanne Dodillet explains how it is possible for these two similar societies to have such radically different ways of dealing with this activity .
Purchasing sex has been forbidden in Sweden since 1999 . The Sex Purchase Act was passed in order to show that prostitution is a practice that is not acceptable in Sweden . Two years later the Bundestag , the German parliament , approved a law with the aim of integrating sex sellers into society . Since then prostitutes in Germany have been entitled to unemployment benefit , sickness benefit and pensions in the same way as all other skilled workers .
Furthermore , running a brothel has been made legal . The change in the law was intended to reduce the stigmatisation and discrimination of those who sell sex .
- The disparity in the countries ' prostitution policies is partly due to their view of the welfare state , of feminism and of religion , explains Susanne Dodillet at the Department of Literature , History of ideas and Religion , University of Gothenburg , Sweden . The Sex Purchase Act in Sweden was introduced as a way of influencing society 's view of gender equality . Prostitution was described as an unacceptable expression of society 's genderised power structures .
According to the author of the thesis , a normative law such as the Sex Purchase Act is made possible partly due to the comparatively high level of trust that Swedish people have in the state . They consider that Germans , on the other hand , tend rather to question the state 's responsibility for setting norms .
- It has something to do with the experience of two dictatorships .
Swedes have had a positive experience of their welfare state , but both the National Socialist dictatorship during the Third Reich and the socialist GDR highlight the fact that states can abuse their normative power . It was the German left that pushed through the legalisation of prostitution and they emphasised that the state should not regulate sexual relationships between consenting adults .
When it comes to feminism , radical feminist theories have gained a strong influence in Sweden , emphasising power structures as male domination and female subservience . In Germany feminism has more similarities with queer feminism , which is compatible with the way in which the state is viewed . While Swedish prostitution policies are based on a normative view of how equality should manifest itself for women and men , the German left emphasises that there is a large range of sexual identities and modes of expression . According to this way of thinking , selecting some as more equal and thereby superior to others entails discriminating against deviants .
With regard to religion , Dodillet points to the major influence that the Christian Democrats have in the German social debate .
- They call attention to the fact that in Germany the Christian Democrats control half the parliament . In common with the church , they oppose prostitution on moral grounds and sympathise with Swedish prostitution policy . However , the left opposes the moral argument and the view of prostitution is consequently more liberal than in Sweden where there is little Christian political opposition .
Title of the thesis : Is sex work ? Swedish and German prostitution policy since the 1970s .
The thesis will be public defended on Saturday January 21 , 2009 at 10.00
Venue : Stora hörsalen , Humanisten , Renströmsgatan 6 , Gothenburg , Sweden
Opponent : Professor Brian Palmer , Uppsala Address to personal website :
http : //www.lir.gu.se/om-institutionen/personal/Doktorander/Susanne_Dod
illet or www.susannedodillet.com
The thesis will be published by Vertigo on 15 February 2009 .
For further information contact Susanne Dodillet , tel : +46 ( 0 ) 31-786
58 87 ( work ) , mobile : +46 ( 0 ) 704-90 88 12 or e-mail : susanne.dodillet @ idehist.gu.se
Press contact : Barbro Ryder Liljegren
Faculty of Arts , University of Gothenburg , Sweden Tel . +46 ( 0 ) 31-786 48 65 , e-mail barbro.ryder @ hum.gu.se
more information :
http : //gup.ub.gu.se/gup/record/index.xsql ? pubid=88989
Criteria of this press release :
Cultural sciences , Law , Philosophy / ethics , Social studies
transregional , national
Research results
English
This article is over 2 years old
Period drama 's lead is up against Luther 's Idris Elba for best actor , while co-star Claire Foy is nominated for best actor alongside Sheridan Smith
Wolf Hall is set to dominate this year 's Bafta television awards with four nominations including its star Mark Rylance who will compete with Luther 's Idris Elba for the best acting prize .
There was also a first nomination for singer Adele , for their BBC1 special Adele at the BBC , but nothing for ITV 's Downton Abbey in its last chance to break its Bafta TV awards duck .
BBC2 's Wolf Hall led the pack in the nominations announced on Wednesday , with three nominations each for Peter Kay 's BBC1 comedy Car Share and Channel 4 drama , This is England '90 .
Bafta TV awards 2016 : full list of nominations Read more
But there was nothing for BBC1 drama Poldark , starring Aidan Turner , which became one of the most talked-about TV events of last year .
Downton Abbey , which ended on ITV last year , also missed out and has never won a Bafta TV award despite being one of the broadcaster 's biggest shows and leading the British invasion of US television . It had the consolation of a Bafta “ special ” award last year .
Rylance , who won an Oscar last month for their role in Steven Spielberg 's Bridge of Spies , will go up against Elba , Ben Whishaw for their role in BBC2 's London Spy , and This is England 's Stephen Graham .
Rylance 's Wolf Hall co-star Claire Foy is nominated for best actor alongside Sheridan Smith for BBC1 's The C-Word , Suranne Jones , star of BBC1 's Doctor Foster , and Ruth Madeley ( BBC3 's Do n't Take My Baby ) .
Adele , who won four awards at the Brit awards last month following the record-breaking success of their third album , 25 , is nominated in the entertainment category for their TV special in which they sang songs from the album and talked to Graham Norton .
They will compete against Chris Evans 's TFI Friday anniversary special on Channel 4 , BBC1 's Strictly Come Dancing and Simon Cowell 's Britain 's Got Talent for ITV .
BBC1 's The Great British Bake Off , the most-watched TV programme of 2015 , received its fifth consecutive Bafta nomination .
Two of the most acclaimed actors of their generation received best supporting actor nods – Ian McKellen for their role opposite Anthony Hopkins in BBC2 's The Dresser , and Tom Courtenay for ITV 's Unforgotten .
It is McKellen 's first Bafta TV nomination – they have been nominated four times in the film awards , but never won .
Wolf Hall was nominated for best drama series along with sci-fi drama Humans and Paul Abbott 's No Offence , both on Channel 4 , and Sky Atlantic 's The Last Panthers , starring John Hurt .
Two BBC1 dramas , Doctor Foster and London Spy , were nominated for best mini-series , alongside This is England '90 and Sky Living 's The Enfield Haunting .
Jack Thorne , who wrote This is England ‘ 90 and The Last Panthers , is up for a total of three awards , their nominations hat-trick completely by BBC3 's Do n't Take My Baby , nominated for best single drama .
Among the comedy nominations Peter Kay 's Car Share , which debuted on the BBC1 's iPlayer , led the way with performance nominations for both Kay and their co-star and co-writer , Sian Gibson .
Car Share was also nominated in the scripted comedy category , along with the final run of Channel 4 's Peep Show , E4 's Chewing Gum and People Just Do Nothing , on BBC3 .
Amazon Prime 's transgender comedy Transparent , starring Jeffrey Tambor , is up for Bafta 's international prize - its first Bafta nomination - along with Netflix original production Narcos , French police drama Spiral and CBS 's the Good Wife .
Louis Theroux is nominated for the single documentary prize for their BBC2 programme , Transgender Kids , along with Channel 4 's My Son The Jihadi , BBC1 's Life After Suicide and Adam Curtis 's Bitter Lake , on the BBC iPlayer .
Other nominations include Turner prize winner Grayson Perry for Channel 4 's Grayson Perry 's Dream House in the specialist factual category and BBC2 's Stargazing Live : Brit in Space , about astronaut Tim Peake on the International Space Station , which is nominated for best live event .
In the news coverage category , both BBC1 and Channel 4 News are nominated for their coverage of last year 's Paris attacks .
Without a nomination in any of the main awards , Poldark – famous for its scenes of topless scything – also missed out at the Royal Television Society awards earlier this month .
But the drama remake did make the cut for Bafta 's Radio Times audience award , which is voted for by viewers and will also be presented on the night , one of a six-strong shortlist alongside Doctor Foster , Peter Kay 's Car Share , The Great British Bake Off , Humans and Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer .
The Bafta TV awards will take place at London 's Royal Festival Hall on 8 May .
Columbus , OH has a population of 862,643 people with a median age of 32.3 and a median household income of $ 49,602 . Between 2015 and 2016 the population of Columbus , OH grew from 849,067 to 862,643 , a 1.6 % increase and its median household income grew from $ 47,401 to $ 49,602 , a 4.64 % increase .
The population of Columbus , OH is 56.4 % White , 28.5 % Black , and 5.77 % Hispanic . 15.2 % of the people in Columbus , OH speak a non-English language , and 93.5 % are U.S. citizens .
The largest universities in Columbus , OH are Ohio State University-Main Campus , with 15,308 graduates , Columbus State Community College , with 5,591 graduates , and Franklin University , with 1,776 graduates .
The median property value in Columbus , OH is $ 140,700 , and the homeownership rate is 44 % . Most people in Columbus , OH commute by Drove Alone , and the average commute time is 20.8 minutes . The average car ownership in Columbus , OH is 2 cars per household .
Columbus , OH is a census place located in Delaware County , OH ; Franklin County , OH ; and Fairfield County , OH . It borders Bexley , OH ; Blacklick Estates , OH ; Brice , OH ; Canal Winchester , OH ; Dublin , OH ; Gahanna , OH ; Grandview Heights , OH ; Grove City , OH ; Groveport , OH ; Hilliard , OH ; Huber Ridge , OH ; Lincoln Village , OH ; Lockbourne , OH ; Marble Cliff , OH ; Minerva Park , OH ; New Albany , OH ; Obetz , OH ; Pataskala , OH ; Pickerington , OH ; Reynoldsburg , OH ; Riverlea , OH ; Upper Arlington , OH ; Urbancrest , OH ; Valleyview , OH ; Westerville , OH ; Whitehall , OH ; Worthington , OH & 22 more .
We interviewed the members of Bosnian music band Dubioza Kolektiv , who describe in their words Bosnian society and the post-socialist Balkans after the dissolution of Yugoslavia – a reality of corruption , unemployment , criminal privatization and mass emigration . The band paints this picture with uncontained energy that has led to their widespread popularity especially among young people in all former Yugoslav republics .
Interviewed by Philippe Alcoy
How would you define Dubioza Kolektiv , your musical style , musical inspiration ?
We never really tried to define our musical style or try to fit it into any genre-specific borders . Important things for us are the messages and ideas that we are trying to promote and we are trying to find the best musical background for lyrics , messages and ideas that we are trying to promote .
The only constant ( element ) in our music is that we try to keep an authentic Balkan sound to it , so that you know straight away where we 're from when you hear it . That 's why our music sounds so eclectic in the end and it is quite hard to accurately describe with words .
When we see your videos , we see you playing in big concert halls full of people , but also playing in the street with just a few people around you , singing with you , like “ unknown ” street artists . How important is it for you to keep this kind of simplicity ?
Playing on the street is the biggest challenge for us . At festivals or club shows , people are coming with some foreknowledge of and with some expectations about the band , but on the street , you are totally anonymous . You have to try hard to get the attention of passersby and you have very short time to do this . This is the way to step out of your “ comfort zone ” and put your music to the ultimate test and we are trying to do it wherever we can .
It is sad to see that more and more cities are prohibiting playing on the streets . They ask for special permissions and threaten with fines and penalties . There should be more appreciation for people who are trying to spread good energy on the streets .
In your lyrics you talk many times about politics and social problems like corruption or unemployment . Why do you think it 's important to speak about these subjects in your music ?
We are singing about our society – problems and stories that we find important . Our goal is to put different light on some of those stories and start a dialogue with people about those issues .
We do n't have illusions that music can change the world per se and that one band can start a revolution and solve all problems in the world with a few songs . But we believe that music can inspire people and make them think about issues that would otherwise be ignored . We think that the role of artists is to try to influence society to embrace positive values .
In Bosnia two years ago , there were mass mobilizations and an uprising against the political class , privatization , unemployment , the closure of factories , etc . Do you think that something changed ? I mean politically , but also in the conscience of Bosnian people .
What happened two years ago is just a part of a process that is happening in our country for the last 20 years . We are a transitiona society and all sides in this social struggle are testing boundaries of this new reality .
Politicians and oligarchs are testing how far will citizens tolerate corruption and criminal privatization of state-owned companies . On the other side , citizens and civil society are practicing various ways of responding to these processes .
Twenty years is a relatively short time to change the entire picture into a functioning democracy with responsible politicians and a strong civil society . What happened was just one episode in this struggle .
Sometimes changes happen quietly , and sometimes government buildings burn .
The struggle of workers from Dita factory in Tuzla became a symbol of workers ' resistance in Bosnia . They were at the core of the social explosion in February 2014 . Some months ago , they started to produce again and you made a video to support them . Can you explain why it 's important for you to support workers ' struggles ?
This was very good example of how things can change in a different and more positive direction . Dita , once a big and important state-owned company , was destroyed in a criminal privatization process and went into bankruptcy . Workers did n't accept this and for years they demanded a solution to this situation , but they were ignored by politicians who did their best to put Dita in that situation in the first place .
And then workers decide to take matters in their own hands and restart production in factory on their own . A lot of artists and public figures supported Dita and helped promote this story to the people , who recognized this and decided to start buying Dita 's products . As a result , the company is on the rise and quite far from the desperate situation they were in a short time ago .
This success story is the brightest example of worker 's self-management and is a good example of how things can change for the better .
You were very young when the “ transition ” and the war in Bosnia started . Did this have an influence on your music ?
Recent history had a big influence on the way we function as a band . It taught us not to wait for a miracle , but to rely on your own strengths , work and knowledge .
This is why we do everything by ourselves and completely D.I.Y . – we produce and record our music in our own home studio , design materials for band , manage web and social network presence… We think that this is the best way to do that .
NEW DELHI : The government has approved six proposals from four developers to set up new special economic zones ( SEZs ) across three states in areas such as IT and biotechnology.The decision was taken by the Board of Approval ( BoA ) , headed by Commerce Secretary Rita Teaotia , at its November 9 meeting , an official said.The developers who got nod for new zones include Vaxenic India , EON Kharadi Infrastructure and KRC Infrastructure.GAR Corporation has proposed to set up two IT/ITeS zones in Telangana , while Vaxenic India wants to set up biotechnology and bio pharmaceuticals SEZ in the state.EON Kharadi Infrastructure and KRC Infrastructure too have planned to set up separate IT/ITeS special economic zones in Pune . Information Technology Park has got the approval to set up IT zone in Karnataka.The board has also given additional time to six developers and units to implement their projects.G P Realtors had sought further extension of the validity period of formal approval granted for setting up electronic hardware and IT/ITeS zone in Haryana . `` The board , after deliberations , extended the validity up to November 13 , 2017 , '' the official added.SEZs are export hubs , which contribute about 23 per cent in the country 's total outbound shipments.Exports from special economic zones logged a marginal growth of 0.77 per cent to Rs 4.67 lakh crore in 2015-16.The exports from such 204 zones were Rs 4.63 lakh crore in 2014-15.As per the Commerce Ministry 's data , as on March 31 , these zones had attracted investments worth Rs 3.76 lakh crore and generated employment for 15.91 lakh people .
The day after the news show “ 60 Minutes ” turned a national spotlight on local prosecutors ' misuse of jailhouse informants , an Orange County supervisor formally asked U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions to take over the district attorney 's office .
In a two-page letter that outlines numerous alleged and real problems , County Supervisor Todd Spitzer — a long-time political opponent of District Attorney Tony Rackauckas — said the misconduct has reached “ critical proportions . ”
“ Immediate action is necessary in order to prevent further damage by our elected DA and ( to ) reverse eroding confidence in our judicial system , ” Spitzer wrote on their office letterhead . “ The depth , denial and cover-up of serious misconduct threatens the foundation of our criminal justice system . ”
Spitzer 's plea came a day after Rackauckas told “ 60 Minutes ” that there is no informant program in Orange County jails — something that several local judges and an appeals court have ruled in fact does exist . On the same program , Rackauckas said that anybody guilty of the misdeeds he 's accused of should “ be in jail. ” The U.S. Department of Justice already is investigating local prosecutors and the Orange County Sheriff 's Department , an investigation that could end with federal officials in control of both departments , though Sessions ' has said publicly that he 'd like the Justice Dept . to “ pull back ” from monitoring local law enforcement . An official with the department said Monday that the agency has the letter but is n't talking about it .
Rackauckas ' office noted that Spitzer is expecting to run for District Attorney in 2018 , and suggested that the letter is politically motivated . The office also questioned Spitzer 's judgment , pointing to 2015 incident in which Spitzer detained a fellow restaurant patron they deemed threatening.The man detained by Spitzer was released by sheriff 's deputies after the incident and no charges were filed .
“ It is unfortunate that Todd Spitzer is using their current position as a County Supervisor to campaign for the office of the District Attorney , a position they so desperately covets . Meanwhile , ( Spitzer ) is slandering prosecutors and OCDA personnel with their false allegations in an effort to fuel their ambition and create the appearance of credibility , ” said Michelle Van Der Linden , district attorney spokesperson . Related Articles Did Orange County Sheriff 's Department shred jailhouse informant documents ? Hearing focuses on that question
Report offers more jailhouse concerns
Court filing accuses Orange County Sheriff 's Department of cover-up in use of jailhouse informants
Judge Goethals : If someone destroys jailhouse snitch records , they 're going to jail
Orange County jailhouse snitch scandal cases could be affected by Jeff Sessions ‘ pull back ' on police investigations
“ Perhaps their latest political rant is intended to divert the public 's attention from the loss of their recent lawsuit regarding their self-incriminating manifesto detailing the episode in which they handcuffed an evangelist in a fast food restaurant and/or the pending litigation from a former employee outlining their “ raging temper ” and “ practice of governing their office through means of fear and aggression . ”
“ The OCDA fully anticipates Supervisor Spitzer will continue to abuse their position and the ridiculous allegations will continue as we draw closer to the election . ”
Spitzer responded that the allegations are not his , but that of Rackauckas ' chief investigator and the courts .
“ It saddens me to realize that Rackauckas believes that letting murderers go free by botching cases and authorizing an illegal snitch program is simply “ politicking , ” they said .
Spitzer stresses in their letter that they are speaking only for themselves and not for the Board of Supervisors . No other supervisors signed the letter and none contacted would comment about Spitzer 's request .
National attention on Orange County 's plight has grown over the years , culminating with the “ 60 Minutes ” segment that broadcast the debacle into millions of homes .
On Sunday , Rackauckas told a national television audience that informants lie , despite their office 's widespread use of them . They also denied the systemic misuse of jailhouse informants , although judges on the local and appellate benches have found it to be true .
“ So the public defender made a lot of allegations , of all kinds of criminal conduct , of terrible things . And believe me– and if those things were true — we should be in jail , frankly ; if those things were true , that would be very bad , ” Rackauckas told “ 60 Minutes . ”
A panel formed by Rackauckas to look into the allegations concluded that their office was “ a ship without a rudder. ” But Rackauckas told a national audience Sunday that the panel actually felt differently when approached individually .
Upset by the constant denials , Spitzer also is asking federal investigators to widen their probe and include recent allegations by the office 's top investigator that Rackauckas quashed investigations into the political activities of their friends and allowed their chief of staff to campaign on county property .
Spitzer also notes that Rackauckas hired an outside attorney without county permission to defend a prosecutor threatened with disbartenderst . And , they said , a judge recently dismissed a first-degree murder charge against a former construction worker because of misconduct by the prosecutor . The prosecutor did not disclose that a California Highway Patrol supervisor altered a report and then shredded the original .
Spitzer 's letter comes on the eve of a hearing to determine whether the Orange County Sheriff 's Department destroyed informant-related documents ordered by a judge four years ago .
The hearing begins Tuesday morning before Superior Court Judge Thomas Goethals , the same judge who removed the Orange County District Attorney 's Office from the penalty trial of mass murderer Scott Dekraai . Two years ago , Dekraai pleaded guilty to killing eight and injuring one in a shooting rampage at a Seal Beach salon in 2011 .
Goethals has said they are so frustrated by what they see as the lack of cooperation by Sheriff Sandra Hutchens in providing documents that he 's now willing to drop the death penalty against Dekraai , depending on what they find during the hearing .
For one thing , the judge is bothered by a 5 1/2-month gap in secret documents kept by jail deputies that describe the long-time use of jailhouse informants . The secret notes also end in 2013 with a reference to starting a new set , but the department has not been able to locate that second set , angering Goethals .
Sheriff Hutchens is among the witnesses who are expected to be called to testify during the multi-day hearing that will essentially put the sheriff 's department and the district attorney 's office on trial .
Gallery of reconstructed portraits
Gallery
These are the entries to the reconstructed portraits , in chronological order .
Laozi , philosopher — Asia , * 604–†531 bce
Civil servant at a Chinese court ; archivist ; poet ; hermit ; ‘ Old Master ' .
Herodotos , researcher — Asia–Africa–Europe , * 484–†425 bce
Traveller ; Greek historian ; author ; ‘ Father of History ' .
Hannibal , strategist — Africa–Europe–Asia , * 247–†182 bce
Commander of the Phoenician army ; ‘ Lightning ' ; enemy of the Romans ; judge ; exile ; military advisor ; refugee .
Vercingetorix , rebel — Europe , * 72–†46 bce
Nobleman ; Gaulish army leader ; freedom fighter ; captive of the Romans .
Jesus of Nazareth , reformer — Asia , * 6 bce –†30 ce
Construction worker 's son ; Jewish preacher ; master ; faith healer ; prophet ; religious leader ; victim ; martyr ; ‘ Anointed One ' .
Attila the Hun , plunderer — Asia–Europe , * 406–†453 ce
Khan of the Hunnic horde ; ruler over the Ostrogoths ; terror of the Burgunds and Visigoths ; mercenary of the Western Roman Empire ; extortioner of the Eastern Roman Empire .
Muhammad , messenger — Asia , * 570–†632 ce
Transportation entrepreneur ; ‘ The Trustworthy One ' ; prophet ; spiritual leader ; army commander ; Arab statesman ; role model .
Willibrord , missionary — Europe , * 658–†739 ce
Anglo-Saxon monk ; preacher ; archbishop of Utrecht ; ‘ Apostle of the Frisians ' .
Charlemagne , warlord — Europe , * 742–†814 ce
King of the Franks and Lombards ; ruler over the Frisians , Saxons , and Bavarians ; fighter against the Danes , Slavs , Avars , Basques , Arabs , and Britons ; emperor and Augustus ; protector of the pope .
Leif Ericsson , explorer — Europe–America , * 970–†1020 ce
Eldest son of Eric the Red ; inhabitant of Greenland ; Norseman ; sailor ; settler of Vinland ; ‘ The Lucky One ' .
Joan of Arc , inspirator — Europe , * 1412–†1431 ce
Religious farmer 's daughter from Lorraine ; mascot of the French army ; instrument of the French dauphin ; ‘ Maid of Orléans ' ; ‘ Witch of the Armagnacs ' ; prisoner of the Burgundians and English ; victim of the Inquisition .
Christopher Columbus , entrepreneur — Europe–America , * 1451–†1506 ce
Genoese navigator ; merchant ; fortune hunter ; geographer ; business person ; ‘ The Admiral ' ; slave trader .
Motecuhzoma Xocoyotzin , ruler — America , * 1467–†1520 ce
Sovereign of the Aztec Empire ; great commander of Tenochtitlan ; lord of the Colhua ; hostage of the Spaniards .
Njinga Mbande , opposer — Africa , * 1582–†1663 ce
Envoy ; ‘ Lady of Sousa ' ; ruler of Ndongo ; fighter against the Portuguese ; ally of the Dutch ; sovereign of Matamba .
New portraits are added very irregularly . Is a certain personality missing in this list ? All suggestions are much appreciated .
The nostalgia is wonderful . Seeing a massive crowd out for baseball in Montreal is tremendous . Hearing the applause when Boston Red Sox veteran David Ortiz steps into the cage for batting practice is great fun .
Seeing a crowd of 52,683 packs the Olympic Stadium to the rafters to watch the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4-2 in 10 innings of an exhibition game – it 's overwhelming .
But what exactly is happening here ? Another down payment on the return of baseball to Montreal ? Or simply another windfall for the Blue Jays and Evenko ?
Walk into the ballpark and it 's oh-so-easy to believe . It smells of baseball . Okay , maybe it 's just the popcorn – but it takes you back to hundreds of games in this place , losses and triumphs , huge cheering crowds and days when there were a few thousand scattered around the stadium and the only sound was the clacking of empty seats .
For those like myself who covered the long , agonizing death of the Expos for years , it 's impossible not to look out at this throng and wonder : Where were you when this franchise was going down the drain ?
And , perhaps more importantly : If they build it , will you really come ?
Share Gallery : Blue Jays vs. Red Sox Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY : Gallery : Blue Jays vs. Red Sox An overall view of the Olympic Stadium during the second inning of the exhibition match between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Boston Red Sox in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays players warm up ahead of their exhibition match against the Boston Red Sox Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Former Montreal Expos player Pedro Martinez gestures at the crowd as they are introduced before the exhibition match between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Boston Red Sox at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Former Montreal Expos player Tim Raines poses for a photograph ahead of the exhibition match between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Boston Red Sox at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Steven Wright winds up for a pitch during of their exhibition game against the Toronto Blue Jays at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays catcher Russell Martin misses a catch during the first inning of their exhibition game against the Boston Red Sox at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays catcher Russell Martin , centre , drops a ball as Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz , right , is at bat during the fifth inning of their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher J.A . Happ gestures during the first inning of their exhibition game against the Boston Red Sox at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Chad Girodo makes a pitch during the eighth inning of their exhibition game against the Boston Red Sox at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays catcher Josh Thole , right , misses the ball on a strike as the ball bounces to Boston Red Sox catcher Sandy Leon , left , during their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Boston Red Sox left fielder Chris Young , left , strikes out as Toronto Blue Jays catcher Russell Martin , right , anticipates the ball during the first inning of their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Toronto Blue Jays ' Michael Saunders watches their ball sail over the wall on a solo homer off Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Steven Wright during second inning spring training baseball game Friday , April 1 , 2016 , in Montreal . Paul Chiasson /THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto Blue Jays second baseman Jon Berti steals second base against Boston Red Sox infielder Xander Bogaerts during the sixth inning of their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Chloe , 8 , Zachary , 5 , and Evan , 6 , Thibault get ready to see the Toronto Blue Jays face the Boston Red Sox in spring training baseball action Friday , April 1 , 2016 , in Montreal . Paul Chiasson /THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto Blue Jays centre fielder Roemon Fields , left , steals second base from Boston Red Sox infielder Josh Rutledge , right , during the ninth inning of their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Former Montreal Expos pitcher Pedro Martinez , right , and outfielder Tim Raines shake hands as they are honoured in a pre-game ceremony before the Toronto Blue Jays take on the Boston Red Sox in spring training baseball action Friday , April 1 , 2016 , in Montreal . Paul Chiasson /THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto Blue Jays ' Jose Bautista is hit by a pitch from Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Steven Wright during first inning spring training baseball game Friday , April 1 , 2016 , in Montreal . Paul Chiasson /THE CANADIAN PRESS
Toronto Blue Jays center fielder Roemon Fields , centre , is called out by the third base umpire as Boston Red Sox first baseman Travis Shaw , left , shows the position of their glove during the ninth inning of their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
Boston Red Sox infielder Mauricio Dubon , left , and teammate Chris Young , right , celebrate their runs during their exhibition game at the Olympic Stadium in Montreal on Friday , April 1 , 2016 . Dario Ayala /Montreal Gazette
“ I want you to know , ” Hall of Fame pitcher Pedro Martinez said to thunderous cheers Friday evening , “ this is a baseball city . We need to do it and we need to do it now . … Baseball , please come back to Montreal . We miss you . ”
We do . But where the massive turnout in the spring of 2014 got everyone talking , and the massive turnout in the spring of 2015 coupled with the difficulties the Tampa Bay Rays made it seem the return of Major League Baseball to Montreal might be imminent , the massive turnout in the spring of 2016 comes with more questions attached .
Are we really making progress here ? This weekend , Montreal fans are paying between $ 24.95 and $ 99 for meaningless games between two teams that are n't even based in this city . And they are baseball fans , not only people out for an event : in the top of the first , they cheered wildly for a crisply turned double play by the Blue Jays and in the bottom of the inning they gave Toronto 's Kevin Pillar a standing ovation for a solo home run over the left-field fence .
So it was n't all about the past . There was plenty of enthusiasm for the present — but there was so much nostalgia . There was legendary trainer Ronnie McLean , super-scout Gary Hughes , future Hall of Famer Tim Raines . The irrepressible current Hall of Famer Martinez , the great Vladimir Guerrero .
When Martinez appeared in the press box during the third inning , they were surrounded by a wall of 50 cameramen and reporters , their comments completely inaudible . That 's great – but why are there so many now when there were only five reporters to talk to them after they pitched ? It 's one of the enduring mysteries of Montreal .
Dave Dombrowski , the general manager when I first started writing the occasional baseball story , is now President of Baseball Operations for the Red Sox , and it was in that capacity that they met reporters before the game .
“ It feels great , ” Dombrowski said . “ I have so many great memories of this city . It 's so good to be back . ”
“ They love baseball in Montreal . If there was a new stadium , I think Major League Baseball would eventually come back . The Big O is great for a couple of days , but it 's proven that it wo n't work in the long term . Here they used to talk about Parc Jarry , how much they loved it . I 'm sure it would be the same with a new ballpark here . ”
But can Montreal sustain baseball for at least 81 games a year ? “ It takes quality ownership , ” Dombrowski said . “ If we had that here for a few years , it could work . ”
If you listen to Mayor Denis Coderre , you 'll believe that we are moving slowly but inexorably toward the day when the Expos return . At a joint press conference with Baseball Canada held in the bowels of the Big O Friday afternoon , the mayor once again reiterated their faith in the Field of Dreams . Coderre was there to talk about a new Baseball Canada project called Summer 's Perfect Game , and the funds that are already going to build new ballparks around the city where kids can learn the game , as Blue Jays catcher Russell Martin Jr. once learned it here .
Asked for the umpteenth time if baseball in Montreal could work here , Coderre did n't hesitate . “ If you build it they will come . ”
There you have it . Where ? When ? For how much ? Who foots the bill ? For that , you have to tune in later . For now , the return of baseball to Montreal is long on dreams and short on concrete details like cash , an owner , a team and a ballpark .
But Coderre is nothing if not a sharp politician . They know the Field of Dreams schtick will only work for just so long . “ Look , ” they said , “ I 've been 32 years in politics . Trust me , the time will come . The first step is to show the love of baseball and we 're doing that . Who would have said five years ago there was a chance the Expos would return ?
“ I will do what I have to do but there 's a passion for baseball here . It 's in our DNA . ”
Perhaps . With upward of 106,000 tickets and counting sold before this weekend , Montrealers are voting with their wallets .
But will the same fans have the patience to wait until 2020 or beyond for an expansion franchise to come our way ? Or is this nibble of baseball merely a tease ?
I have n't the foggiest . All I know is that it 's great to have the game back in town , even for a couple of days .
For this single weekend , we 're back in 1979 , strolling through N.D.G. , following the game on the radios you could hear from house to house , with Dave and Duke making the call .
jacktodd46 @ yahoo.com
twitter.com/jacktodd46
An artist and a PhD candidate are currently attempting to fund and create a graphic novel based on an interview with famed anarchist Noam Chomsky . llustrator Luke Radl and writer Jeffrey Wilson are working on the project , to be released by AK Press .
A graphic novel about a dude talking sounds kind of boring , but Radl and Jeffrey plan on making it interesting by injecting illustrate scenes of the many historical events Chomsky peppers into their arguments .
Their Indiegogo explains :
The graphic novel is based off an interview Jeffrey conducted with Noam Chomsky in the summer of 2012 . Chomsky is well-known for being generous with their time and granting numerous interviews over the years . Despite the volumes of Chomsky related material available , few publications have researched and elaborated on the many references and examples that Chomsky employs . The purpose of this graphic novel is to do just that ! We take the historical examples used and give them a depth that might otherwise be glossed over . For example , when Chomsky mentioned the Free Speech Movement of the 60 's during the interview , we do the research and take you back to that time period so it is not just a passing reference but a real and dynamic moment . This work is important because it will offer not only an introduction to the thoughts and insights of Chomsky but the graphic novel form allows us to layer information and move the reader through time and space in unique ways . With your help we intend to create a book that is both accessible to a wide range of readers and insightful ! No easy task , but we are up for the challenge !
The frames created look pretty great . Check them out below , and hit up their Indiegogo to find out more . They 've currently raised $ 2,900 of their $ 15,000 goal .
Man talks of enemies of Isis and says to expect something that will ‘ make them forget September 11 and Paris '
A blond-haired Frenchman has appeared in the latest Islamic State video threatening new terrorist attacks in the west .
The man , whose eyes are uncovered but whose features and hair can be seen through a pale balaclava , is then shown shooting in the head a man accused of being a spy . Four other Isis jihadis each shoot another prisoner . The Frenchman is dressed in camouflage fatigues and the others are in black .
How Isis hijacked pop culture , from Hollywood to video games Read more
They talk in French of the enemies of Isis and tells them to expect something that will “ make them forget September 11 and Paris ” . They also speak of Spain and Portugal and states that Isis is seeking the return of Al-Andalus – the name of the Iberian peninsula dominated by Muslims between the 8th and 15th centuries – and the cities of Toledo and Cordoba .
The eight-minute video , thought to have been filmed in northern Iraq , showed the five prisoners speaking in Arabic .
The terrorist in the film is not the first presumed French convert to feature in Isis propaganda . In 2014 , Maxime Hauchard , a French citizen from Normandy who converted to Islam at the age of 17 and then became radicalised , was identified from a video showing the remains of the American hostage Peter Kassig .
France is still reeling from the fact that most of those who perpetrated terrorist attacks in the country last year – including the series of attacks in January 2015 on the satirical publication Charlie Hebdo and the November shootings and suicide bombings – were French citizens .
The Voice Waxes On The Dire State Of Japanese MMA and What 2011 Holds
As MMA continues to grow , it also continues to change . Few people find themselves as immersed in the recent changes as HDNet commentator Michael “ The Voice ” Schiavello .
Schiavello 's time in Japan over the past year has seen that country 's biggest overhaul of talent since the fall of Pride . They have also been ringside for the rise of North American promotions to the national stage with their inclusion on HDNet .
MMAWeekly.com recently caught up with Schiavello to discuss the ever-changing world of MMA and what they have in store for fans in 2011 .
MMAWeekly : Let 's start off with your marathon back-to-back evenings covering Sengoku 's “ Soul of Fight ” and Dream 's “ Dynamite ” New Years Eve events . What was it like doing those shows in consecutive days ?
Michael Schiavello : That was a crazy experience . Two days , two events , over 45 fights ; it was tiring , but a lot of fun ! New Year 's Eve in Japan is a magical experience and to commentate two shows in two days featuring an array of stars plus the trademark pomp and pageantry associated with Dynamite , well , I felt extremely privileged .
MMAWeekly : Last year saw major changes for both Sengoku and Dream , especially when it came to their rosters . What are your thoughts on the changes and what may be coming for them in the near future ?
Michael Schiavello : I think Japanese MMA is at a major crossroads . The scene has never looked so glib . Either the promotions like Dream and Sengoku do an inventory , a clean out or a re-model or they risk sinking into oblivion and irrelevance in today 's very competitive MMA industry .
I hear Sengoku may be almost over , which is a shame , because I thought they put on a lot of very good , very competitive , well-matched fights . They lacked the glitz and glamour and production values of Dream , but the fights were almost always top notch and they helped develop a lot of new talent we 'd never really heard of like Maximo Blanco , Michihiro Omigawa , Marlon Sandro , Masanori Kanehara , Ronnie Mann , and Dave Herman .
As for Dream , well , their product is beautiful production-wise and they have had some fantastic fighters and brilliant shows . But something has still been lacking and not managed to capture the public 's imagination the way it should . It would be a shame for either promotion to fold , it really would .
MMAWeekly : We most recently saw you at the first round of Strikeforce 's Heavyweight Grand Prix . What do you think of the show and who do you feel will ultimately win ?
Michael Schiavello : It was a great night . Every fight ended within the distance , there was plenty of violence , some good technique , lots of drama , twists and turns – it had everything !
I thought ( Andrei ) Arlovski would get clocked , ( because ) there was no way their glass chin could stand toe-to-toe with ( Sergei ) Kharitonov . I did n't pick Bigfoot ( Antonio Silva ) to beat Fedor ( Emelianenko ) like they did . I thought it would be a tough fight for Fedor and that Bigfoot would not be a pushover , but to pummel Fedor like they did , to take them down , close them down and mess them up . Wow . That was awesome . They will be tough to beat that 's fort sure .
Ultimately I still have ( Alistair ) Overeem as the man to beat , but Bigfoot will be a tough adversary should they clash . On the other side of the draw , the thought of ( Josh ) Barnett vs. Kharitonov is mouth watering !
MMAWeekly : Let 's talk about what you have upcoming this year . What can fans expect from “ The Voice ” in 2011 ?
Michael Schiavello : I 'll be in the States a lot this year as we are signing more and more shows . We recently added Titan FC to our broadcast roster , which is very exciting . Joe Kelly does great shows with full houses and is signing tremendous talent left , right , and center , including Phil Baroni and Bobby Lashley on the next show on March 25 .
We 're also doing more MFC ( on Friday , Feb. 25 ) and they have big plans and are boosting their roster . There will be more XFC , hopefully more Strikeforce , and I know that the powers that be are close to signing other shows to the network .
In addition to all the commentary work , you will see more of my “ The Voice Versus ” series this year . I just shot the next two episodes in Las Vegas , the first of which will premiere on HDNet on March 25 at 8 p.m . ET and will feature Wanderlei Silva . Let me tell you now , this is the best episode yet !
MMAWeekly : Sounds great . Thanks for your time , as always , Michael . Is there anything you want to say in conclusion ?
Michael Schiavello : Thank you Mick and MMAWeekly.com for your support of HDNet Fights . I 'm looking forward to a banner year this year . Fans , make sure you check out our new website , www.HD.net , with a full program guide and feature blogs by myself and the rest of the HDNet team .
Also follow me on Twitter @ SchiavelloVoice and look out for “ The Voice Versus ” because I 'm going to blow your minds with the shows this year !
By Jonathan Benson
Modern psychiatry has become a hotbed of corruption , particularly the kind that seeks to demonize and declare mentally ill anyone who deviates from what is regarded as the norm . This is abundantly evident in the latest installment of the industry 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , or DSM , which dubs people who do not conform to what those in charge declare to be normal as mentally insane .
The so-called “ condition ” for why a person might choose to resist conformity has been labeled by the psychiatric profession as “ oppositional defiant disorder , ” or ODD . The new DSM defines this made-up disease as an “ ongoing pattern of disobedient , hostile and defiant behavior , ” and also lumps it in alongside attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or ADHD , another made-up condition whose creator , Dr. Leon Eisenberg , admitted it to be phony on their death bed .
As you might suspect from this type of open-ended description , almost any personal behavior perceived by someone else to be undesirable or strange might be categorized as symptomatic of ODD . Children who throw temper tantrums or fight with their siblings , for instance , might be declared to have this supposed mental illness , as might children who express disagreement with their parents or teachers .
Disobedience and defiance are common behaviors among young children , and parents have long dealt with such behaviors by exercising proper discipline . At the same time , not all forms of disobedience and defiance are wrong , depending on the authority involved and the action petitioned . A child who is told by their teacher to keep their unpopular opinions to himself , for instance , and who resists this order might simply be exercising their freedom to express disagreement .
But that 's the problem with categorizing conditions like ODD so loosely , as virtually any uncommon behavior can be declared to be oppositional or defiant simply because it bucks the status quo . Famous minds of the past like Thomas Edison and Alexander Graham Bell , for instance , whose unconventional ideas might have seemed crazy in their day , are the types of folks who today might be declared to have ODD or some other type of mental disease .
An even greater danger to using this subjective approach in the diagnosis of mental illness is that it threatens to curtail freedom of speech and political dissent . The federal government has already tried to declare those who oppose its tyrannical policies , or who simply question them , as having “ political paranoia , ” a type of mental illness .
Characterizing non-conformity as ‘ mental illness ' a hallmark of totalitarian government
Such outlandish abuse of the medical system for controlling popular thought is nothing new . Many authoritarian governments , including the former USSR , implemented similar mental health programs that categorized dissenters as having chemical imbalances in need of a remedy . Today , that remedy is often mind-altering , psychotropic drugs with devastating side effects .
“ Psychiatric incarceration of mentally healthy people is uniformly understood to be a particularly pernicious form of repression , because it uses the powerful modalities of medicine as tools of punishment , and it compounds a deep affront to human rights with deception and fraud , ” explains a 2002 analysis and commentary on the abuse of psychiatry in both the Soviet Union and China that was published in the Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law .
“ Doctors who allow themselves to be used in this way… betray the trust of society and breach their most basic ethical obligations as professionals . ”
You can view this study , which has powerful implications for what the psychiatric profession is becoming today , here : http : //jaapl.org .
Sources for this article include :
http : //breakingdeception.com
http : //www.naturalnews.com
http : //rense.com
http : //jaapl.org
http : //science.naturalnews.com
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports , analyses , breaking news and videos ( Click for details ) .
Contributed by NaturalNews Network of NaturalNews.com .
The NaturalNews Network is a non-profit collection of public education websites covering topics that empower individuals to make positive changes in their health , environmental sensitivity , consumer choices and informed skepticism . The NaturalNews Network operates without a profit incentive , and its key writer , Mike Adams , receives absolutely no payment for their time , articles or books . The NaturalNews Network is not for sale , and does not accept money to cover any story ( or to spike it ) . NaturalNews Network is what the news industry used to be , before it sold out to big business .
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC have reignited their interest in Chelsea left-back Ryan Bertrand - but are being frustrated in their attempts to wrap up a £8million deal .
The Reds turned their attentions back to the 24-year-old England defender after missing out on Swansea City 's Ben Davies , who has joined Tottenham for £10million .
Brendan Rodgers had initially targeted Sevilla 's Alberto Moreno as the ideal addition to their defensive options but after lengthy negotiations the clubs failed to reach an agreement .
With the La Liga outfit demanding in excess of £20million for the young Spain international , Liverpool have decided to look elsewhere for a left-back .
The Reds believe Bertrand , who is surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge after the Londoners bought Felipe Luiz for £20million from Atletico Madrid , offers much better value .
Rodgers knows the player well having worked with Bertrand during their days at Chelsea 's Academy and they also signed the defender on loan when they were at Reading .
Liverpool have offered to meet the £8million valuation but Chelsea have so far rebuffed their advances with them reluctant to sell to a club they view as rivals for the Premier League crown .
It was a similar story back in January when the Reds believed they had a deal in place to bring Bertrand to Anfield .
However , it was vetoed by Chelsea 's hierarchy and they ended up spending the rest of the season on loan at Aston Villa .
Bertrand is understood to be desperate to move to Liverpool in search of regular first-team football and the Reds retain hope that they will be granted their wish .
The situation is complicated by the success of Daniel Sturridge at Anfield following their £12million move from Chelsea .
Sturridge has flourished under Rodgers with their value having rocketed and the Londoners fear a repeat with Bertrand .
More Liverpool FC news :
WATCH : James Pearce previews LFC v Roma tonight in Boston plus latest on Remy and Origi deals
Live : Liverpool FC in the USA , July 23 2014
In pictures : LFC Boston supporters club helps Reds relationship strengthen across the pond
WATCH : Reds practice quick , direct passes into space during Boston training session
Iago Aspas claims Fifa treated Luis Suarez 'like a murderer ' after Chiellini bite
2K has announced the addition of former Baylor Bears center player Isaiah Austin to the roster on NBA 2K15 on all platforms . Austin is now available as a playable free agent to celebrate their courage following their diagnosis of Marfan syndrome . Prior to the diagnosis , Austin had been a first-round prospect in this year 's NBA draft .
Players can add Austin onto their team as a free agent , as well as in the MyTEAM mode . They can also be seen on this week 's episode of NBA2K TV . To appear in the game , Austin underwent facial scanning at the NBA 2K studios .
NBA 2K15 launched on October 7 for PC , Xbox One , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 . The game was well-received in GameSpot 's review , praised for its refined animations and customisation options offered in MyCareer mode . NBA 2K15 was the top-selling game for the month of October in the US , beating out Super Smash Bros. for 3DS and The Evil Within .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) – A man is in custody following a Saturday night shooting in the north metro that left a woman with serious injuries .
The Brooklyn Park Police Department says the shooting happened around 9 p.m. on the 7900 block of Bryant Court North . When officers arrived at the scene , they found a woman suffering from a gunshot wound .
The suspect , 37-year-old Shalamar Antonio Michael Allen , had fled the scene . Investigators say they knew the victim .
Officers set up a perimeter around the area of the shooting and deployed K9 unites to find Allen .
Shortly after 1 a.m. , officers found and arrested Allen . They are in jail pending first-degree assault charges .
Police described the victim 's wounds as serious . As of Sunday morning , their condition is not known .
Allen 's criminal record shows previous convictions for assault , DWI and fleeing police .
New Delhi : India 's earnings from exporting buffalo meat will touch ₹ 40,000 crore in the next five years from ₹ 26,682 crore in 2015-16 , Icra Ltd said on Thursday .
Increasing demand from developing economies , high population of buffaloes in India and the ease of slaughtering buffaloes unhindered by religious sentiments have fuelled the growth of this export item , Icra said , adding , buffalo meat exports grew at a compounded annual rate of 29 % , from ₹ 3,533 crore in 2007-08 to ₹ 26,682 crore in 2015-16 .
According to Icra , India currently accounts for 20 % of the world 's total buffalo meat and beef export volume , and became the largest exporter by quantity overtaking Brazil and Australia in 2015-16 . In the last two years , buffalo meat was India 's largest grossing farm export item contributing 1.56 % to total export revenues , which doubled from 0.76 % in 2010-11 .
However , unlike other countries which primarily export beef , India exports buffalo meat . Culling of cows for meat is largely banned in India .
“ The buffalo meat industry is largely unorganised and fragmented and only moderately regulated , '' Icra said , adding , “ it also remains vulnerable to risks pertaining to social and political sensitivity , sustainability of buffalo population , disease outbreak risk and high competition from the global beef industry . ''
Within India , Uttar Pradesh accounts for the highest share of buffalo population at 28 % and is the leading meat producing state.The state is home to 60 % of slaughter houses and meat processing units in the country .
“ In the long term , we expect buffalo meat exports to continue to report healthy growth , driven by improving infrastructure , a sizeable buffalo population the relatively lower price of Indian buffalo meat , and steady demand in the international market , '' said Sabyasachi Majumdar , senior vice-president , corporate sector ratings at Icra .
Data from government reports show the changing pattern of livestock ownership in India , likely driven by the fact that farmers prefer to rear buffaloes instead of cows , due to higher milk yields and ease of culling , providing full economic value of the animals .
According to Livestock Census reports , between 2007 and 2012 , India 's buffalo numbers rose 3.2 % , from 105.3 million to 108.7 million , while overall cattle population declined by 4.1 % , from 199 million to 191 million . Among cattle , growth of indigenous cattle fell 8.9 % , while that of exotic and cross-bred varieties rose by more than 20 % , the data shows .
California to Hold Hearings on Ugly Verizon Frontier Transition California lawmakers are calling for hearings to investigate just why problems continue a month after Frontier acquired Verizon 's unwanted DSL and FIOS customers in California , Texas and Florida . While some customers in our forums report no problems , and even a few say services has improved under Frontier , many others complain of outages that have lasted for weeks , DNS problems , and customer support that can be difficult to get a hold of .
Assemblyman Mike Gatto , chairperson of the California State Assembly 's Utilities & Commerce Committee , issued a statement yesterday ( hat tip , Ars Technica ) indicating some form of government penalty if Frontier ca n't get its ducks in a row . “ There has been an alarming rate of telephone and Internet outages in Southern California and consumers are frustrated with the lack of a solution to this months-long ordeal , ” Gatto said . `` These problems need to be resolved swiftly . Cities are unable to live stream council meetings and residents are at risk because of the inability to dial 911 in an emergency . My committee will hold hearings on the impact on our constituents and the appropriate government response if these problems persist . '' Local news outlets in California , Texas and Florida remain filled with stories by customers that are fed up by the sloppy transition . Frontier originally had promised all remaining problems would be resolved by mid-April , but such complaints have now persisted into May . Frontier , meanwhile , issues the same statement each time the company is asked why the transition was n't smoother , and just what kind of timeline the company sees for resolution . “ We are continuing to resolve customer issues as they come to us , ” Frontier says of the ongoing problems in California . “ As you 're aware , we are transitioning more than 1 million customers in California to Frontier-provided services . With a transition of this size and geographic scale , there will be issues that need to be addressed and that 's what we 're focused on. ” “ We are continuing to resolve customer issues as they come to us , ” Frontier says of the ongoing problems in California . “ As you 're aware , we are transitioning more than 1 million customers in California to Frontier-provided services . With a transition of this size and geographic scale , there will be issues that need to be addressed and that 's what we 're focused on . ”
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 54 comments
TIGERON
join:2008-03-11
Boston , MA Motorola MG7550
1 edit 10 recommendations TIGERON Member from a bud who works for Verizon in transferring to Frontier `` Frontier did n't get screwed . The systems stay the same for one year and we gave them an entire IT team to support the backend in the transition . We worked with them for MONTHS before the transition . This is not Verizon 's fault . The reality is that they are using the exact same system we do for FiOS . We just cut the ties in the database so the 2 sides do n't talk . The outages are all on frontier . They got our systems and our people and they still ca n't make it work . Vz tried to tell them to convert rather than transition status quo . We even built them a proprietary version of our ordering system . In my mind it was gifted wrapped . Interestingly , customers started complaining of slower throughput immediately after Frontier took over ... And they are incapable of restoring service ... Even though it 's the same people and the same systems . `` -end quote
So whatever issues Frontier is still having , it is on them NOT Verizon .
Speaking of which , Karl did you by any chance look at Frontier CEO Dan McCarthy had to say about all of this ? Quote : `` And Im proud to say that it has been very successful ,  they told analysts , adding that fewer than 1 percent of old Verizon customers had been disrupted . Frontier is thrilled that it executed a major tech transfer -- an enormous undertaking in terms of size and complexity ,  McCarthy told analysts -- and that 99 percent of customers had no disruptions . `` -end quote
Let 's hope this forces the company to publicly address the current ongoing problems . jjeffeory
jjeffeory
join:2002-12-04
Las Vegas , NV 3 edits 8 recommendations jjeffeory Member Waiting Been on the phone for 45 minutes so far to their customer service about account suddenly being locked , higher bills than Verizon for less service , and the streaming issue ( HBOGo et al ) .
So far they 've fixed nothing and have me transferred to sales where I 'm on hold .
UPDATE :
Now at 1 hour 5 minutes , still no sales rep , but I can now log into my account to see that they lowered my bill to match Verizon . The rep said that they have to pay different charges than Verizon . Yea , right . Then why lower the bill for the next month ?
UPDATE :
1 hour and 20 minutes . Been on hold since 45 minutes . Think the Ca people would find this acceptable ?
UPDATE :
118 minutes on the phone .
They did NOTHING except remind me that I have an ETF from Verizon that transferred over . Hello TWC !
kdwycha
join:2003-01-30
Ruskin , FL ·Frontier FiOS
6 recommendations kdwycha Member Clueless Even their social media team is clueless . Rebooting your router will not make phone and internet suddenly start working when the ONT is not properly provisioned for service causing the outage .
tacoma
Bleeding Dodger Blue
Premium Member
join:2001-05-18
Murrieta , CA 6 recommendations tacoma Premium Member Sooo glad I jumped ship a couple months ago . I really loved the FIOS product . Amazing speeds , great TV . It did cost a fair amount for the top tiers , but it worked well . Near 0 issues for 2 years in Temecula/Murrieta .
The month before the transition , I switched to TimeWarner . It was cheaper and the speed difference was n't dealbreaker , and the tv service is just as good as Verizon FIOS .
I see nothing but issues with FIOS out here when discussing with my neighbors and from the posting on the FB Temecula/Murrieta Talk pages .
Widespread issues out here : Channel guides are missing/incomplete . TV service is intermittent . Internet has been down more than up . Bill went up 10-20 % . IP Phone not working for days on end . OnDemmand broken . Many of these issues last for days .
Sooooo happy I actually had the guts to eat the ETF fee and get TimeWarner . Very happy with TimeWarner so far . PX Eliezer1
Premium Member
join:2013-03-10
Zubrowka USA 4 recommendations PX Eliezer1 Premium Member Frontier Foul-Ups
Think of Wyatt Earp , F-Troop , Dodge City , and so forth .... !
Everything that Verizon has unloaded to Frontier ( and Fairpoint ) has had problems .
And [ AT & T ] unloaded Connecticut to Frontier , that was no picnic either .
See also :
» Former Bell System units abandon most of New England . Never has a company been better named than `` Frontier '' .Think of Wyatt Earp , F-Troop , Dodge City , and so forth .... ! Everything that Verizon has unloaded to Frontier ( and Fairpoint ) has had problems.And [ AT & T ] unloaded Connecticut to Frontier , that was no picnic either.See also :
JDH
@ verizon.com 4 recommendations JDH Anon I 've seen nothing but problems since the transition happened Ca n't get the guide , on demand is gone , and my DVR fails . Best part of it all , I 'm still getting charged
tshirt
Premium Member
join:2004-07-11
Snohomish , WA 4 recommendations tshirt Premium Member Too little , too late .... should have made Verizon leave a deposit
JUST IN CASE , it did n't go smoothly THIS TIME
pjsutton
join:2013-06-25
Kempton , PA 2 recommendations pjsutton Member No city council meetings ! I like how the inability to stream city council meetings was placed before a lack of 911 service . Got ta love the government ! McBane
join:2008-08-22
Plano , TX 2 recommendations McBane Member From an Engineering standpoint ... It 's pretty obvious they did n't even plan the backbone transition . THEY HAD ZERO INTERNET PEERS ON DAY 1 IN THE BEGINNING IN CA/TX/FL . That type of planning for such a large deal is deplorable . I wonder if Frontier involved ANY OF THEIR SENIOR ENGINEERS in this deal planning at this point .
Obviously bad decisions being made at Frontier at the top has screwed everyone involved in this . I ca n't imagine an engineering geared management walking into this mess . Unqualified people making decisions they should n't .
Nothing
@ rr.com 2 recommendations Nothing Anon Size vs Odds Anyone who thought this was going to be a smooth transaction was and is crazy . You 're not going to migrate all of those customers over night without ZERO problems . Odds just do n't work that way .
A 77-year-old Vietnam War veteran is “ not going to be intimidated ” by thugs who spray painted a swastika on their front door , and stole an American flag from their yard .
The vandals first targeted Thomas Roszkowski , of Silver Spring , Maryland , late last month when they stole their Trump/Pence sign out of their front lawn .
“ First they stole my sign , then I got a bigger sign , ” Roszkowski said .
On Sunday , while taking their wife to church , Roszkowski was greeted with another surprise – a large red swastika spray-painted on their glass storm door . The American flag that waived from their front tree is also missing .
Police are now investigating the “ hate-based ” vandalism on Roszkowski 's home across the street from Blair High School , as well as prior incidents at the residence , the Silver Spring Patch reports .
“ Detectives also confirmed that on November 16 , the homeowner reported to ( Montgomery County Police ) that unknown suspect ( s ) had thrown eggs at their home , ” according to a police statement .
“ Detectives believe the homeowner 's political affiliation may be the motive for these thefts and vandalisms . ”
The county is offering a $ 10,000 reward for tips that lead to the arrest of the suspects in the case , WTOP reports .
“ I 'm not going to be intimidated by this BS , ” Roszkowski told the news site . “ And that 's all this is . It 's just anarchy . ”
Locals sounded off about the incidents online .
“ This is the home of childhood friends , ” Anne Marie Cribbin posted to Facebook . “ I am so saddened by this … especially hearing this news after attending a rally for peace and unity in downtown Silver Spring today . We are neighbors and community members first . Politics should n't negate that . ”
“ It does call into question all the other swastikas that have been reported across the country , ” Debi Haworth-Ewert wrote . “ Wonder how many of those were done by the tantrum tossers ? ”
“ Man , if you do n't like how this guy voted , you got ta speak to them personally or at least publicly . This anonymous vandalism is cowardly , ” Tim Clair posted . “ I supported Hillary , but not the scardy-cat humps who did this . This does no good for anybody . ”
Local Matt Lawrence also pointed out the difference in news coverage for vandalism targeted Trump versus Hillary supporters .
“ Anyone else notices when someone made pro-Trump vandalism , WTOP ran a two page long story detailing the travesty . Interviewed half the town . Statements from every branch of local , county , and state government . Then continued to bring it up twice a day for the entire week , ” they wrote .
“ Someone that 's against Trump commits an identical hate crime , and we get this , ” Lawrence said of the site 's very brief coverage .
The LePage administration has cut off funding for the last remaining state-funded groups that are responsible for tackling local health problems and ensuring local areas can respond to public health emergencies such as disease outbreaks .
The end of funding for public health district coordinating councils in Maine 's nine public health districts comes less than a year after the LePage administration dissolved a set of 27 local public health groups , known as Healthy Maine Partnerships , and shifted some of their funding and responsibilities to the district councils .
The district coordinating councils received notice Friday , July 21 , from the Maine Department of Health and Human Services that their funding had ended as of June 30 . Beyond informing them of the end of funding three weeks after it had already ended , state public health officials have n't indicated whether or how the district coordinating councils should move forward .
The district councils are regional coalitions of health care providers , municipal governments , law enforcement agencies , schools and others that have tackled health challenges such as obesity , addiction , tobacco use and oral health in their regions . Without funding for the district councils , it 's unclear if Maine DHHS expects to maintain local public health infrastructure across the state .
“ Due to the short notice of this legislative directive and the need to find reductions within the current Fiscal Year , the Department is still pursuing alternative approaches to retain core public health infrastructure capacity and functions , ” Sheryl Peavey and Chris Pezzullo , who co-lead the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention , wrote to district coordinating council leaders in a notice sent Wednesday afternoon .
A spokesperson for Maine DHHS , of which the Center for Disease Control is a part , sent Peavey and Pezzullo 's statement to the BDN in response to detailed questions . The spokesperson , Samantha Edwards , did n't respond to questions about DHHS ' plans to support local public health efforts in the future or if the department believed the public health work could continue without state funding .
Funding for the public health district coordinating councils is ending as the result of $ 5 million per year in public health funding cuts in the new , two-year state budget that Gov . Paul LePage signed into law July 4 .
Instead of paying for public health efforts , the $ 5 million will pay for services through the state 's Medicaid program , lowering the amount of state tax dollars needed to pay for that program , which used $ 800 million in state taxpayer funds last year .
The $ 5 million comes from a pot of money Maine receives each year because of its participation in the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement with the nation 's largest tobacco companies . The state has traditionally used much of that money for anti-smoking and other public health efforts .
“ The Department recognizes this legislative directive will require significant changes to some programs , and result in reductions to numerous contracts held by the CDC , ” Peavey and Pezzullo wrote .
While the notice from the LePage administration attributed the cuts to action by the state Legislature , the cuts would have been deeper if the budget proposed by Gov . Paul LePage in January passed in its original form . Their initial proposal would have sliced about $ 10 million per year from public health budgets , instead of the $ 5 million in annual cuts included in the final budget .
“ I think one of the principles in public health is that success in public health is often silent , and that 's often when cuts to public health are made , ” said Dora Anne Mills , vice president for clinical affairs at the University of New England and former director of the Maine CDC . “ When there is a crisis or a public health problem that arises , that 's when people suddenly miss what was previously cut . ”
Rep. Drew Gattine , D-Westbrook , the House chair of the Legislature 's appropriations committee , said the cuts came as the result of a budget compromise through which lawmakers rolled back many other cuts to health and social services programs proposed by LePage .
Lawmakers did n't specify which programs the Maine CDC would cut as a result of the $ 5 million in cuts , Gattine said . That 's why the elimination of district coordinating council funding , as well as the elimination of state funding for 15 student health centers in schools , has taken many by surprise .
Among those surprised was Portland Public Schools Superintendent Xavier Botana .
On Wednesday , Botana learned that the four student health centers in Portland 's public schools were losing funding . Through a contract with Greater Portland Health , the centers provided an array of health and mental health services to around 1,000 students last year , ranging from physicals and dental work to immunizations and help to students trying to quit smoking .
The centers serve students regardless of their insurance or financial status
“ If the services were to disappear it would limit access to medical care for a significant number of students who depend on these services to get important health care needs met , ” Botana said .
There are also student health centers at schools in Brewer , Calais , Lewiston , Readfield , Topsham and Norway , according to Edwards with DHHS .
Cuts in two stages
The district coordinating councils have partially stood in for the local public health infrastructure most other states rely on county-level public health departments to provide , said Kristen Dow , chronic disease prevention program manager for the City of Portland , which is part of the Cumberland County public health district .
“ It 's worrisome what the plan is moving forward for that , ” they said .
Maine has no county-level public health departments , and the only two municipal public health departments are in Portland and Bangor .
The Maine CDC continues to employ staff members who serve as public health liaisons in eight public health districts that have lost funding for their coordinating councils . In the state 's ninth public health district , which covers areas controlled by the four federally recognized tribes in Maine , the state has n't yet indicated whether it will renew funding for a contracted public health liaison , said Kristi Ricker , the liaison to the tribal public health district .
When the LePage administration ended the 27 more local Healthy Maine Partnerships last year , it transferred much of their work and some of their funding to the nine district coordinating councils that each covered larger areas .
In advance of the change last year , the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention said in a news release justifying the Healthy Maine Partnerships ' dissolution that the district coordinating councils “ comprise the statewide public health infrastructure . ”
“ That 's why we are investing in staffing support to assist the [ district coordinating councils ] and strengthen their roles as leaders of public health and their respective districts , ” then-CDC Director Ken Albert said in the news release .
The state spent $ 1.45 million total on the district coordinating councils last year — $ 160,000 each — enough for each council to hire a coordinator , set health priorities for their local areas , create plans , and start dispensing grants to local organizations to tackle those priorities .
“ We never had a lot of time , ” said Dow . “ We never had a full year to work on this , and then it was pulled out from under us . ”
In Cumberland County , district council members identified four health priority areas — substance use prevention , healthy weight promotion , oral health improvement , and improvements to medical and mental health care for young children — and awarded contracts to local organizations to start carrying out the work .
The organizations hired for anti-obesity efforts , for example , planned to work with local governments on adopting policies aimed at making streets safer for walking and biking , and with local businesses on encouraging employees to walk and bike to work .
“ A lot of it was assessing what 's out there and getting a feel for that in the first year , so we can hopefully take what we learn and next year move the needle and dig into those areas , ” said Dow . “ Now , that work stops . ”
The district coordinating councils expected a funding increase , to $ 180,000 , for the state fiscal year that started July 1 , and councils were working with state officials on finalizing those agreements — until they received notice last Friday that funding had ended , said Jamie Comstock , health promotion manager for Bangor Public Health and Community Services , part of the Penquis public health district that covers Penobscot and Piscataquis counties .
“ Since 2007 , we 've worked to build this system , ” Comstock said . “ We 've watched good people with expertise in public health lose jobs , and it 's been really sad to see all of that crumble . ”
BDN reporter Jake Bleiberg contributed to this report . Maine Focus is a journalism and community engagement initiative at the Bangor Daily News . Questions ? Write to mainefocus @ bangordailynews.com .
From the English Channel the prime meridian enters France on a beach at Villers-sur-Mer . It enters just south of the Le Havre and just east of Caen in the Normandy region of France . The line exits France some 459 miles south of Viller-sur-Mer in the French Pyrénées near the city of Gavarnie , France .
What 's there ?
Starting at the 49th degree and traveling south , we start in the Normandy region of France . This part of Normandy has many castles that are worth visiting including Chateau Guillaume le Conquerant , Chateau of Carrouges , and Chateau de Vendeuvre . Caen and Le Havre have some notable museums and monuments to visit .
The prime meridian then enters the eastern part of the Pays de la Loire and the western part of Centre-Val de Loire . The Loire Valley is famous for many unique castles and of course wine . Azay-le-Rideau has a beautiful château set in the middle of the Indre river .
From here the prime meridian enters the large region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine and cities like Poitiers , Angoulême , Pau and the far southern French city of Lourdes . This region is vast and largely sparse by French standards .
At the northern part of Nouvelle-Aquitaine there are many old villages and communes including Parthenay , a fortified town sit upon a rocky outcrop around two rivers .
In the middle of the region , around Angoulême , there is the Château de Bourdeilles , a castle that can be dated as far back as the 14th century . And just further south there is the town of Aubeterre-sur-Dronne , said to be one of the most beautiful villages in France . The town sits on a rocky promontory and contains many scenic viewpoints as well the Monolithic Church of Saint-Jean of Aubeterre . Most of this region is open farmland and a few forests .
In southern Nouvelle-Aquitaine , there is the Pic du Midi d'Ossau , a distinctive mountain that can be seen as far as 55 km away and is the symbol of the Pyrénées . Before the mountains are the hilly regions or the ‘ gaves . ' The area is dominated by little mountain towns and the Pyrénées mountain range to the south . The prime meridian finally exits France near the Glacier de l'Épaule in the Pyrénées .
OTTAWA—Canada 's economy is slowing much faster than previously thought , the Bank of Canada said Thursday in a bleak outlook that stressed mounting risks from Europe 's debt crisis and a possible stall in the global recovery . But Governor Mark Carney said the odds of the country sinking into a second recession are remote , adding that governments ' responses in backstopping European debt and pledging to restrain spending have mostly taken the worst-case scenario out of play .
Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney holds a press conference at the National Press Theatre following the release of the Monetary Policy Report in Ottawa on Thursday July 22 , 2010 . ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“ Those responses took out ... the possibility of something very bad happening because of the debt burden , ” they said following release of the bank 's newest outlook on the economy . What the responses have done , they continued , is added another drag to the recovery that will result in slower growth for the world in general and Canada in particular . “ ( But ) given the profile of growth in the three per cent area both in Canada and the United States , the prospect of that ( double-dip recession ) is very low , ” they said .
Article Continued Below
For ordinary Canadians , the bank 's latest view of the economy suggests that recovery from the 2008-2009 recession will take longer and income growth will be slower than earlier expectations . The national jobless rate , now 7.9 per cent , has been slowly falling since last summer , but may take years to drop to pre-recession levels in the low six-per cent range . However , the Bank of Canada is confident enough of its base-line scenario for growth occurring that it has hiked short-term interest rates a quarter point twice in as many months — the last coming Tuesday — and signalled Thursday that further increases are in the offing . “ The projection includes a gradual reduction in monetary stimulus consistent with achieving the inflation target ” of two per cent , the bank states in its quarterly monetary policy report . However , the 28-page document makes clear that the Bank of Canada 's governing council sees conditions in Canada and around the world deteriorating since its last assessment in April , and risk factors intensifying . Canada 's economy is already in the midst of a sharp pull-back compared with the strong 6.1 per cent acceleration that occurred in the first three months of 2010 , the bank says .
It estimates the just-ended second-quarter growth will come in at three per cent , almost a full percentage point below what the bank forecast in April . As well , the current third quarter — spanning the July to September period — will be even weaker with a 2.8 per cent expansion . That 's seven-tenths of a point below the previous forecast .
Article Continued Below
For the year , the bank says Canada 's economy will advance 3.5 per cent this year and 2.9 per cent next year . While employment has sharply picked up , the bank points out that hours worked remain down and income gains will be tepid going forward . This will moderate consumer appetite for spending , further weakening the recovery . The bank 's expectations of the Canadian dollar are also more modest , in the 96-cent range , due to dampened global demand and softer prices for commodities that Canada exports . Canada 's pared-down economic expectations are mostly due to the global and U.S. recoveries not unfolding as strongly as anticipated , the bank says , scaling back expectations for the world as a whole to 4.2 per cent and for the United States to 2.9 per cent this year . The new projections , lower than in April , are still some ways from a double-dip recession , but the bank cautions the risks of further deterioration are real . It points to risks stemming from the European crisis , lower growth in China , high unemployment , loss of confidence , weak consumer demand and businesses too fearful to invest in the future . “ Some of the risks identified in the April report have materialized . Most notably , sovereign debt concerns in Europe have intensified , ” the bank states . “ It should be noted that the downside risk of a more pervasive ( European ) crisis persists , ” it adds at another point . “ If realized , the impact could be sizable . First , a severe disruption to bank funding markets could increase borrowing costs for firms and households . Second , the negative effects on Canadian exports could be substantial. ” Overall , the bank flags a concern that “ private demand around the world may be insufficient to sustain the recovery. ” The warnings come remarkably close to Fed chairperson Ben Bernanke 's pronouncement to Congress on Wednesday that “ the economic outlook remains unusually uncertain. ” That remark caused markets to immediately dip . The bank takes pains to note that is not its base-line , or most likely , forecast . Still , it thinks the European mess is knocking one-tenth of a point off Canadian growth their year , and will shave three-tenths of a point next year , and another two-tenths in 2012 .
Read more about :
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , right , and New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo , second right , look over the mangled remains of a dumpster Sunday , September 18 , in New York 's Chelsea neighborhood . An explosion injured 29 people there the night before . Hide Caption 1 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Authorities believe the blast was caused by an explosive device in or near this dumpster . All 29 victims have been released from hospitals , according to the governor . Hide Caption 2 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan FBI agents review the scene of the explosion on Sunday morning . Hide Caption 3 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Police officers redirect passers-by as investigations continue early on Sunday morning . Hide Caption 4 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan A fire truck at the scene of the blast on Saturday . Hide Caption 5 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan The New York Police Department 's Counterterrorism Bureau tweeted this image of the crumpled dumpster following the explosion in Chelsea . Hide Caption 6 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Just blocks away from the explosion , a suspicious device was found . Officials said the device appeared to be a pressure cooker with dark-colored wiring protruding , connected by silver duct tape to what appeared to be a cell phone . Hide Caption 7 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan De Blasio , in the blue tie , speaks at a news conference near the scene on Saturday . They were joined by New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill . Hide Caption 8 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Police block off a road near the site of the explosion . Hide Caption 9 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Firefighters and emergency workers gather at the scene . Hide Caption 10 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Police officers and firefighters respond to the scene . Hide Caption 11 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan A New York police officer and their dog check a garbage can close to the scene of the explosion . Hide Caption 12 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Two heavily armed police officers survey the scene . Hide Caption 13 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan New York police at the scene of the explosion . Hide Caption 14 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan A bomb squad vehicle arrives at the scene . Hide Caption 15 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Police arrive at the scene of the explosion . Hide Caption 16 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan A street is blocked off nearby . Hide Caption 17 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan Police and firefighters gather near the scene . Hide Caption 18 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan A crowd gathers near the site of the explosion . Hide Caption 19 of 21
Photos : Explosion in Manhattan A line of emergency vehicles near the scene of the explosion . Hide Caption 20 of 21
Lehman 's Bankruptcy and the Hidden $ 138 Billion Bailout of JP Morgan
We are living in heady times . On Monday morning , something VERY strange occurred :
$ 138 Billion Post-Bankruptcy JP Morgan Advance to Lehman ; At Least $ 87 B Repaid by Fed
Two readers , Steve and Julian e-mailed us about the Bloomberg story below , that the Fed repaid JP Morgan for an advance made to Lehman after its bankruptcy filing :
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , the securities firm that filed the biggest bankruptcy in history yesterday , was advanced $ 138 billion this week by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to settle Lehman trades and keep financial markets stable , according to a court filing .
One advance of $ 87 billion was made on Sept. 15 after the pre-dawn filing , and another of $ 51 billion was made the following day , according to a bankruptcy court documents posted today . Both were made to settle securities transactions with customers of Lehman and its clearance parties , the filings said .
The advances were necessary `` to avoid a disruption of the financial markets , '' Lehman said in the filing .
The first advance was repaid by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Lehman said . The bank did n't say if the second amount was repaid . Both advances were `` guaranteed by Lehman '' through collateral of the firm 's holding company , the filing said . The advances were made at the request of Lehman and the Federal Reserve , according to the filing .
Lehman disclosed the advances in a motion seeking court permission to give JPMorgan 's claims special status in its attempts to recover any advances . Lehman said that if that status is n't granted , JPMorgan may not be able to make future advances needed to clear and settle trades .
`` The granting of the relief requested is in the best interests of the estate and its stakeholders and the public markets , '' Lehman said , adding the advances would be `` essential to Lehman 's customers . ''
JPMorgan may make future advances at its sole discretion , all of which would be guaranteed by Lehman under its agreement to pledge collateral , Lehman said .
JPMorgan said in a statement in court documents that it has had a clearing agreement with Lehman since June 2000 , and had pledged its collateral under an Aug. 26 guarantee .
Since the Federal Reserve reimbursed J.P. Morgan , presumably and ostensibly , with public monies [ that taxpayers will be on the hook for ] – does n't the public have the right to know what that 138 billion was spent on ?
Investment banks are dropping like flies , owing to their involvement in credit derivatives – this is a fact .
J. P. Morgan is – HANDS DOWN – the largest derivatives player in the world with a book of 90 Trillion in notional value at March 31 , 2008 – with 9 % of the book composed of Credit Derivatives . That amounts to a cool 8.1 Trillion worth of Credit Derivatives . We know this from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 's Quarterly Derivatives Report – pg . 24
Would n't you suppose that would be enough to bury any institution ?
Who knows , maybe it did . We only learned about the 138 billion advance from a court document where Lehman was seeking to give claims of J.P. Morgan “ special status ” .
I must admit , this looks special indeed :
By Rob Kirby
http : //www.kirbyanalytics.com/
Rob Kirby is the editor of the Kirby Analytics Bi-weekly Online Newsletter , which provides proprietry Macroeconomic Research .
Many of Rob 's published articles are archived at http : //www.financialsense.com/fsu/editorials/kirby/archive.html , and edited by Mary Puplava of http : //www.financialsense.com
Rob Kirby Archive
© 2005-2019 http : //www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
YU-NO remake launches November 17 in Japan
A girl who chants November at the middle of the month .
YU-NO : A Girl Who Chants Love at the Bound of this World , 5pb 's PlayStation 4 and PS Vita remake of the acclaimed visual novel , will launch in Japan on November 17 , the publisher announced . It will cost 7,800 yen for the standard edition , 7,000 yen for the download edition , or 11,000 yen for the limited edition .
The limited edition includes a five-disc YU-NO high-res soundtrack DVD and 80-page Perfect Guide featuring setting and character artwork , route charts for each hero , and music liner notes from Ryu Takumi and Keishi Yonao , who are leading the game 's background music and arrange .
If you missed it , the latest trailer was released in December 2015 .
Wasteland Angel is a new arcade-style shooter from Meridian4 . The player takes on the role of the eponymous hero , riding into the wasteland in their heavily modified vehicle to combat the villains of the wasteland and protect the peaceful towns which still hold out against the terrible post-apocalyptic conditions .
The gameplay takes the form of a combination between a steered third-person shooter and a defense game . The hero circles the peaceful towns , shooting back at the enemy vehicles as they come in waves . Most of the enemies are simply trying to kill Angel , but some of them drive to the town and start kidnapping the residents . The player has to stop them from loading up the helpless citizenry before they are all taken or killed , being careful not to run over the ones who have successfully escaped the vile slaver clutches .
Every four levels are a boss fight . There are no towns , but Angel has to destroy a super-sized enemy vehicle to continue—all the while continuing to fend off the smaller enemies . After the Boss levels , the player is sent to a bonus survival level , in which the camera is moved to the front of Angel 's car , giving the same gameplay from a different perspective . The idea is to survive as long as possible , and there are no towns to protect .
Throughout the game , the enemies drop various bonus tokens , which Angel can collect for bonus points , weapon upgrades , and life . Between waves , they can send their car to a charging station which allows them to regain life depending on how much time the player was able to leave between waves .
The narrative of the game is told through comic book-style scenes and lots of voice acting during the levels themselves . Angel is searching for a friend , whom owned the really cool car before her , and whom they lost track of when the bombs fell . She 's traveling across the country from Washington to New York , by way of Texas , helping whoever they can along the way . On their travels across 24 levels , they encounter three distinct tribes of wasteland villains , each with four different vehicles and in six different visual locations .
Look for Wasteland Angel on Steam later this summer .
March 11 , 2018 , marked the 75th anniversary of the World War II deportation of the Sephardic Jewish community of Monastir , historically the largest Jewish community in Macedonia . The Jews who trace their ancestry to the Macedonian city known since 1913 as Bitola continue to call the city by the name it bore during centuries of Ottoman rule : Monastir .
Between 1941 and 1944 , Bulgaria , in alliance with Nazi Germany , occupied the Yugoslav province of Macedonia . On March 11 , 1943 , in cooperation with the Germans , Bulgarian military and police officials rounded up 3,276 of Monastir 's Jewish men , women , and children , deported them to German-controlled territory and turned them over to the custody of German officials . The Germans transported the Jewish population of Monastir and environs to their deaths in Treblinka as part of their plan to murder all European Jews .
Jewish Community of Monastir
Photographs of nearly every Jewish adult in Monastir , more than half the community , were collected by the Bulgarian authorities in the first half of 1942 . These photographs have been preserved and identified and are available in the Photo Archives of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum ( USHMM ) . Though many of the Jewish inhabitants of eastern Europe were required to submit photographs for purposes of police registration , work permits , and ration cards both inside and outside ghettos established by Germany or its Axis allies , few of these photograph collections survived the war intact . The Monastir registration photographs constitute one of these rare collections . Because they have been carefully identified ( probably by Jakov Aroesti , one of the few survivors from Monastir , in the late 1950s ) , they are an extremely valuable historical and genealogical resource .
The Monastir photographs offer a uniquely comprehensive view of a Jewish community on the eve of its destruction , reflecting the evolution and demise of Sephardic communities throughout the Balkans .
Origins of the Collection
The origins of the Monastir photograph collection lay in the directive given by the Bulgarian occupation authorities in early 1942 to the Jews of Monastir , then recently concentrated in a ghetto , to submit photographs of all family members above the age of 13 . While some of the submitted photos were newly taken for this purpose , others were older family snapshots dating from the 1890s to the early 1940s . Most of the photographs are headshots of individual adults , but some are group portraits of two , three , or more family members .
Apparently , these photographs were reproduced by the Bulgarian authorities . One complete set now exists at the Macedonian State Archives , captioned in the 1950s . Another set was cut and pasted into police register books produced by the Bulgarian authorities in 1942 . These police registers were recovered after the war and turned over to the Union of Jewish Communities of Yugoslavia . Years later they were donated to Yad Vashem in Jerusalem , but not before a large percentage of the photos were removed by survivors .
Arrival of the collection at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
The Monastir registration photographs were discovered by researchers in the USHMM 's International Archival Programs Division ( IAPD ) in 1996 while surveying Holocaust-related collections in Macedonia . The State Archives of Macedonia graciously granted the IAPD 's request to rephotograph the collection for the Museum 's Photo Archives , whose mission it is to bring together in a central location copies of important Holocaust related images from public and private sources . The negatives arrived in 1997 along with microfilms of the Serbo-Croatian captions written on the backs of the photos .
In the spring of 2001 these captions were translated by Isaac Nehama , a survivor volunteer ( originally from Athens ) whose parents both grew up in Monastir . Mr. Nehama further correlated the captioning information with both the Yad Vashem Bulgarian police registers and the published “ Register of Deportees ” in The Jews in Macedonia during the Second World War ( 1941-1945 ) by Z. Kolonomos and V. Vangeli . Additional contextual information about the Jewish community of Monastir was obtained from Mark Cohen , author of Last Century of a Sephardic Community : The Jews of Monastir , 1839-1943 ( Foundation for Sephardic Studies , New York , NY ) .
Credits
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum acknowledges the gracious assistance of the following archives and sources .
Text
Mark Cohen , author of Last Century of a Sephardic Community : The Jews of Monastir , 1839-1943 ( Foundation for the Advancement of Sephardic Studies and Culture , New York , NY ) .
Photographs
State Archives of the Republic of Macedonia
Haridwar is a paramount journey for Hindus , located in Uttarakhand India . Haridwar actually signifies ‘ Passage to God ' . It is the spot where River Ganges enters the Indo- Gangetic fields of North India shockingly at Haridwar in the wake of streaming for 253 kilometers from its fundamental source at Gaumukh at the edge of the Gangotri Glacier . It is viewed as one of the seven holiest spots to Hindus . Haridwar excursion is evaluated high as journey tour end . Haridwar is the door to the Char Dham trek in Uttarakhand i.e . Badrinath , Kedarnath , Gangotri and Yamonotri . Har-ki-pauri is the most paramount temple in Haridwar where scores of lovers take a dip in the heavenly waters of the Ganges . At evening you might likewise witness Aarti ( supplication to God ) being performed daily at fundamental ghat . There are numerous sanctuaries and ashrams found in this blessed town and you may visit here to encounter the perfect feeling in the surroundings . So we have created a list of 10 temples which you must visit when you are in haridwar
Har ki Pauri : It is a standout amongst the most essential places in Haridwar . This sacred ghat was fabricated by King Vikramaditya in memory of their sibling Bhartrihari . Bhartrihari came to Haridwar to ponder by on the banks of stream Ganges in the most recent days of their life . Their sibling lord Vikrmaditya fabricated a Ghat in their name which later changed as Hari-Ki-Pauri . This temple in Haridwar is otherwise called Brahmakund .
Mansa Devi Temple : This temple in haridwar is a prominent sanctuary arranged at the highest point of Bilwa Parwat , devoted to Goddess Mansa Devi . You can see here the statue of Goddess with three mouths and five arms . The can additionally see the surrounding perspective of wonderful Haridwar city . This temple in haridwar is additionally reachable through ropeway .
Chandi Devi : This is a vital temple in Haridwar , found 6 km from the downtown area . It is arranged at the highest point of Neel Parvat on the other bank of waterway Ganges that was built in 1929 A.d. by the lord of Kashmir- Suchat Singh . It is a simple 3 km trek from Chandighat . According to the famous legend , armed force head of neighborhood evil presence lord Shumbh- Nishumbha named Chanda-Munda were executed by Godess Chandi , thus named Chandi Devi .
Maya Devi Temple : This temple in haridwar is based on the precise spot where the heart and navel of Goddess Sati fell according to the Hindu Mythology . It is an antiquated sanctuary of Maya Devi the god of Haridwar , known as one of the Siddhpeeths .
Daksha Mahadev Temple : The antiquated sanctuary is found in the south Kankhal town . According to the prevalent legend King Daksha Prajapati , father of Sati ( Lord Shiva 's first wife ) performed yajna at this spot yet did not welcome their little girl and child in law Lord Shiva on this event . On this Sati felt offended and immolated themselves at the same yajna Kund as the sign of dissent before their father . Having known their Lord Shiva got angered and slaughtered their father in law however later brought them over to life . Thus a sanctuary is manufactured as a tribute to this legend .
Bilvkeshwar Mahadev Temple : This is the place where Goddess Parvati did their tapasaya ( Worship ) for 3000 years , to marry Lord Shiva.This is another old temple dedicated to Lord Shiva in Haridwar .
Bhimgoda Tank : This tank was manufactured by legendary Bhim with the blow of their knee , the effective character of Mahabharat period , while Pandavas were heading towards Himalaya . This tank is placed around 1 km from Har Ki Paudi .
Sapt Rishi Ashram and Sapt Sarovar : According to the Hindu Mythology the River Ganges had parted themselves in seven ebbs and flows right now with the goal that the reflecting Sapt Rishis ( seven paragons of piety ) are not irritated . There is a temple located near by the sapt sarovar . The temple in haridwar is dedicated to the seven sages of India .
Parad Shivling : The temple is haridwar is found at Harihar Ashram , Kankhal that has a Shivling weighing about 150 kg and Rudraksha tree . These are the fundamental attractions .
Bharat-Mata Temple : The temple was founded by Swami Satyamitranand Giri on the banks of the Ganges in Haridwar . It has 8 storeys and is 180 feet tall . Floors are dedicated to mythological legends , religious deities , freedom fighters and leaders .
Major League Soccer is in the midst of a rebranding process , and a big part of that is the abandonment of their current logo for a new one . What you see above is the end product .
It appears to be a shield with a little tail on its backside .
This means the end of the old MLS logo , which is too bad because the old logo had just passed the “ embarrassing 90s ” mark and was entering the “ lovably 90s ” territory .
Yes , that old logo looks like a cheaply done thing made with clip art , but it was our cheaply done thing made with clip art .
The new logo is fine , if a bit generic . It 's a standard shield that looks like any other soccer crest in the world . There 's a “ slash ” and the asupervisorstioned tail , and there are three stars which some marketing person with the league writes “ represent the pillars of our brand : For Club , For Country , For Community. ” Pillars of our brand !
On the website MLS even has a Q-and-A section where it answers the question “ Q : Why does n't the new crest resemble other league logos ? ” and the answer should be : Well , it kinda does .
The one cool thing is that each team gets its own color logo , which is neat .
What say you about this ?
If a new study from Baylor University is to be believed , college women spend an incredible ten hours a day futzing around on their cell phones — and the guys are n't far behind , losing eight hours each day the same way . And perhaps not surprising , in that same study , about 60 percent of the college students said they felt “ addicted ” to their phones .
The researchers , led by Baylor marketing professor James Roberts , surveyed 164 students about the things they did on their phones and how much time they spent doing them . Among their findings : The students who spent more time on Facebook and Pinterest were more likely to report feeling addicted to the phones than those who played more games . More , via the press release :
Of the top activities , respondents overall reported spending the most time texting ( an average of 94.6 minutes a day ) , followed by sending emails ( 48.5 minutes ) , checking Facebook ( 38.6 minutes ) , surfing the Internet ( 34.4 minutes ) and listening to their iPods . ( 26.9 minutes ) .
It 's a small sample , and it 's possible the students could 've been overestimating how much time they spent on each smartphone activity , resulting in an inflated overall figure . Or , they could just as easily be underestimating ! But , to me at least , the most unsettling thing about the ten-hours-a-day figure is that it actually seems pretty plausible .
The Tribune Company has suspended its chief innovations officer , Lee Abrams , for firing off an inappropriate company-wide memo on Monday .
More specifically , the memo contained a link titled `` Sluts '' leading to an Onion video of drunken half-naked women . And Abrams sent said memo just days after The New York Times ' David Carr published an explosive piece exposing the fratty , sex-talk-fueled culture of Tribune executives , most notably CEO Randy Michaels , who in turn sent out the following memo this afternoon .
Via Romenesko :
From : Tribune Communications Sent : Wednesday , October 13 , 2010 2:29 PM Subject : Message from Randy Michaels/Lee Abrams Suspended
I want to let you know that today we made the decision to suspend Lee Abrams from their position as Tribune 's Chief Innovation Officer . They will remain on suspension indefinitely and without pay while we review the circumstances surrounding the email and video link they distributed on Monday . We 're in the process of determining further disciplinary action .
Lee recognizes that the video was in extremely bad taste and that it offended employees—he has also apologized publicly . They reiterated those feelings again to me privately today . But , this is the kind of serious mistake that ca n't be tolerated ; we intend to address it promptly and forcefully .
As I said last week , a creative culture must be built on a foundation of respect . Our culture is not about being offensive or hurtful . We encourage employees to speak up when they see or hear something that they find offensive , as a number of employees did with regard to this particular email . I can assure you , you will be heard .
Randy
This post has been updated .
Reports suggest that UEFA , European soccer 's governing body , has approved the creation of a new league for Crimea , which was annexed by Russia in March 2014 .
The new eight-team Crimean league—in a special UEFA-recognized zone that is considered neither Russian nor Ukrainian—will start in August . Part of the deal includes the teams wo n't play in the lucrative and important European competitions for at least two years .
But what will that mean for nine-times champion Shakhtar Donetsk , whose city is not in Crimea but is currently under the control of pro-Russian militants ? This season , it has been playing some of Europe 's biggest teams away from its home , in Lviv , which is firmly in Ukraine .
The Crimean war and annexation has led to sanctions against Russia and also calls to strip Russia of the right to host the 2018 World Cup . But it is only the latest political headache for UEFA and the world body , FIFA .
Qatar , which is hosting the 2022 edition , is constantly under scrutiny for its harsh treatment of migrant labor and recently arrested a BBC crew filming on the issues . And this coming week , FIFA is set to vote on a Palestinian motion to have Israel suspended from the world soccer body .
The new Crimean league will be the latest quirky solution to melding hundreds of years of geopolitics with the world 's favorite game—examples that include letting the Basque and Catalonian “ national ” teams play occasionally , the Vatican 's all-amateur team , Kosovo holding its first-ever game as a soccer nation with no flags and national anthems , and the 78,000-person principality of Andorra having multiple teams and leagues that all share just two stadiums .
This post has been updated to make clear that Donetsk is not in Crimea and part of a separate-but-related conflict between Russia and Ukraine .
CLOSE The White House and congressional leaders released a framework for tax changes , but many key details have been left to tax committees . Here 's how that process is working . Jeff Dionise , Ramon Padilla , Paul Singer and Herbert Jackson , USA TODAY
Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tenn. , left , and Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Ariz. , in 2013 . ( Photo11 : J. Scott Applewhite , AP )
WASHINGTON — Republican plans to overhaul the tax code nearly derailed in the Senate Thursday afternoon and remained wobbly into the evening after a solution leaders were hoping to use to satisfy deficit hawks unraveled .
The result had Republican senators debating in private how to rewrite the bill again , possibly to include a new minimum tax on corporations and wealthy people in some future year to offset lost revenue from lowering tax rates and increasing some credits next year .
`` That 's under discussion now , '' said Sen John Hoeven , R-N.D. late Thursday . `` So it has n't been nailed down , but that 's one possibility . ''
Sen. Tom Tillis , R-N.C. , said Republicans were looking to raise between $ 370 billion to $ 400 billion in tax revenue but they have not figured out when those hikes would have to kick in . They said it 's delicate negotiation in which every change could win one vote only to lose another .
`` It 's a zero-sum game , '' Tillis said . `` So what we 're trying to do right now is got everybody to a point where nobody 's going not get exactly what they want but enough for us to get the bill passed . ''
Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tenn. , had said in October they would not vote for the tax bill if it added to the deficit . Many Republican supporters of the bill and officials in President Trump 's administration have said it would produce so much economic growth that tax cuts would pay for themselves .
Corker was skeptical , but voted in the Budget Committee on Tuesday to send the tax bill to the floor after saying they had assurances from Senate leaders the bill would be revised to include a `` trigger '' that would automatically raise taxes if anticipated economic growth did not materialize .
Talking tax bill in the Senate on Nov. 30 , 2017 . ( Photo11 : Chip Somodevilla , Getty Images )
But on Thursday — the same day the nonpartisan scorekeeper for tax bills said the Republican plan would add $ 1 trillion to the national debt even after accounting for growth — the trigger plan collapsed . The Senate parliamentarian concluded it would violate the special rules Republicans are using to pass the tax bill with no Democratic support .
More : Analysis : Trump 's tax bill is a make-or-break moment for their political fortune
Related : As Republicans seek 50 votes for tax bill , here 's what 's in play
Those rules prohibit Democrats from using a filibuster , which would require 60 votes to overcome , so Republicans can pass the bill with votes from 50 of their 52 members and the support of the vice president . But those same rules also come with tight restrictions about what can and can not be in the bill .
`` It does n't look like the trigger is going to work , according to the parliamentarian , '' said Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the No . 2 Republican leader .
In a dramatic moment in the late Thursday afternoon , Corker and fellow Republicans Jeff Flake of Arizona and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin held back their votes for an hour before joining their colleagues in voting down a Democratic effort to send the bill back to the Senate Finance Committee .
For a moment , it appeared they could stop the bill , which had been headed toward potential passage by this weekend . Even though the bill survived , its fate remained unclear because of confusion about the next step .
Opposition from Corker and Flake , who have voiced concerns about the debt , and Johnson , who wants changes to the way businesses are taxed , would be enough to kill the bill if Democrats remain united against it .
But satisfying Corker and Flake by amending the current bill might not get the needed votes , especially as conservative groups try to pressure their allies not to agree to any future tax increases .
`` There are a lot of plates spinning , some of which I can see , some of which are going on in other discussions , '' said Tillis .
The Club for Growth , for example , issued a vote alert after the standoff on the Senate floor that `` urges all Senators to vote NO on any amendment that will increase any of the corporate or individual tax rates established in the proposal that was approved by the Senate Budget Committee .
Senate Republicans are trying to pass the tax bill this week . The House has passed a version of its own and has scheduled a vote for Monday to set up a conference committee to resolve the differences between the two bills .
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2nfZQcA
Arizona 's proposed ban on abortions past 20 weeks ' gestation comes with a disturbingly crappy detail that 's been mostly overlooked — according to the new law , the Abortion Countdown Clock starts ticking down two weeks before conception , which means that if you 're currently on your period but planning on ovulating in 2 weeks and possibly getting some sperm in you , you should start using the Reserved for Expectant Mothers parking spots in order to take advantage of your last remaining legally guaranteed right .
In the cacophony of clamoring anti-abortion political grandstanding that 's been going on over the course of the last year and a half or so , it 's easy to miss the small crappy details in the parade of terrible laws . But as Mother Jones ' Kate Sheppard and Amanda Marcotte over at RH Reality Check have noticed , a new generation of Ovary Overreach Orders declare a woman 's pregnancy to start on the first day of the last menstrual period before they conceive . Because conception can only occur when a woman ovulates about 2 weeks later , the 20-week abortion ban in Arizona would actually be a ban on abortion on a fetus that is only 18 weeks old . This also means that women who are actually With Tampon may be declared legally With Tampon by the state of Arizona .
Advertisement
There 's about a Super Plus level of WTF in this declaration , but the first thought that came to my mind when I read about this was : was this law written by male lawmakers who grew up in a generation that separated the boys and girls during sex ed class ? Like , if I handed out a bunch of unfilled in coloring book pages of the women 's reproductive system and told them to label the parts , could they do it correctly ? I 'm beginning to think that the people writing these laws are the same people who refuse to go to the drug store to buy their wives menstrual pads or who worry that their 12-year-old daughters could lose their virginity to a tampon .
Marcotte writes that this could have implications down the road ,
If a woman is `` pregnant '' two weeks before they become pregnant , than any fertile woman—-including those currently menstruating ! —-should really be considered pregnant . After all , we do n't know the future . We do n't know that any non-pregnant woman could n't be pregnant two weeks from now , making them retroactively pregnant now . Considering that it 's anti-choice nuts we 're talking about , it 's safe to assume that they 'd simply prefer a situation where all women of reproductive age are considered to be pregnant , on the grounds that they could be two weeks from now .
Advertisement
You know , having functioning ovaries and a working uterus is getting to be too big a pain in the ass . Can anyone recommend a good veteranarian who performs spay surgeries on humans ?
Update : Dr. Jen Gunter has a different take on the legislation . Check out their thoughts here .
AZ legislators trying to declare pregnancy 2 weeks prior to conception [ RH Reality Check ]
Exclusive : Australia 's “ 60 Minutes ” claimed to do an investigative report proving the anti-aircraft battery that shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 last July fled into Russia and pinning the atrocity on Russian President Putin . But the news show did a meaningless “ stand-upper , ” not an investigation , writes Robert Parry .
By Robert Parry
In TV journalism , there 's a difference between doing a “ stand-upper ” and doing an investigative report , although apparently Australia 's “ 60 Minutes ” does n't understand the distinction . A “ stand-upper ” is the TV practice of rushing a correspondent to a scene to read some prepared script or state some preordained conclusion . An investigation calls for checking out facts and testing out assumptions .
That investigative component is especially important if you 're preparing to accuse someone of a heinous crime , say , mass murder , even if the accused is a demonized figure like Russian President Vladimir Putin . Such charges should not be cast about casually . Indeed , it is the job of journalists to show skepticism in the face of these sorts of accusations . In the case of Russia , there 's the other possible complication that biased journalism and over-the-top propaganda could contribute to a nuclear showdown .
We are still living with the catastrophe of the mainstream media going with the flow of false claims about Saddam Hussein and Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction . Now many of the same media outlets are parroting similar propaganda aimed at Russia without demonstrating independence and asking tough questions although the consequences now could be even more catastrophic .
That is the context of my criticism of Australia 's “ 60 Minutes ” handling of the key video evidence supposedly implicating Russia and Putin in the July 17 , 2014 shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine . It is apparent from the show 's original , much-hyped presentation and a three-minute-plus follow-up that the show and its correspondent Michael Usher failed to check out the facts surrounding an amateur video allegedly showing a BUK anti-aircraft missile battery missing one missile after the MH-17 shoot-down .
In the days following that tragedy , killing 298 people , Ukrainian government officials promoted the video on social media as supposedly showing the BUK battery making its getaway past a billboard in Krasnodon , a town southeast of Luhansk , allegedly en route toward Russia . That claim primarily came from Ukraine 's Interior Minister Arsen Avakov , considered one of the regime 's most right-wing figures who rose to power after a U.S.-back coup in February 2014 .
From a journalistic standpoint , Avakov and the other Kiev authorities should have been considered biased observers . Indeed , they were among the possible suspects for the shoot-down . Moreover , the Russian government placed the video 's billboard in the town of Krasnoarmiis ' k , northwest of Donetsk and then under Ukrainian government control . To support that claim , the Russians cited a local address on the billboard .
Further , the German intelligence agency , the BND , has challenged some of the images provided by the Ukrainian government as “ manipulated , ” according to a report in Der Spiegel , which added that the BND had concluded that the eastern Ukrainian rebels had obtained the BUK missile battery not from Russia but by capturing it from Ukrainian government stockpiles . [ See Consortiumnews.com 's “ Germans Clear Russia in MH-17 Case . ” ]
While it 's not clear which images the BND had debunked , this reference to the Kiev regime 's alleged manipulation of photos should have added another layer of doubt for the sleuths from Australia 's “ 60 Minutes . ”
Yet , based on what “ 60 Minutes ” has revealed about its recent “ investigation , ” Usher displayed little skepticism . They consulted with British blogger Eliot Higgins to get a traffic-camera shot and coordinates of an intersection in the Luhansk area showing several billboards , which Higgins suspected was the location of the “ getaway ” video .
So , by traveling to Luhansk , Usher and their crew could have performed an important function by matching up the shot from the video with the scene of the intersection , either confirming or dismissing the hypothesis .
In the initial program , you see the “ 60 Minutes ” team doing exactly that on some videos of lesser significance by superimposing some of its own shots over amateur footage . However , when it came to the key piece of evidence the “ getaway ” video the program deviated from that pattern . Instead of matching anything up , Usher just did a “ stand-upper ” in front of one of the billboards .
Usher boldly accused the Russians of lying about the location of the billboard and asserted that they and their team had found the real location . Usher gestured to the billboards on the intersection in rebel-controlled Luhansk . They then accused Putin of responsibility for the 298 deaths .
But none of Usher 's images matched up with the “ getaway ” video . The scene in the video was clearly different from the scene shown by Usher . After several people sent me the segment on Australia 's “ 60 Minutes , ” I watched it and wrote an article noting the obvious problems in the scene as presented .
My point was not to say where the video was shot . As far as I know , it might even have been shot in Luhansk . My point was that Usher and their team had failed to do their investigative duty to verify the location as precisely as possible . Under principles of English-based law — and of Western journalism — there is a presumption of innocence until sufficiently corroborated evidence is presented . The burden of proof rests on the prosecutors or , in this case , the journalists . It 's not enough to guess at these things .
But Usher and their team treated their job like they were just doing a “ stand-upper ” putting Usher in front of some billboards in Luhansk to deliver their conclusions ( or those of Higgins ) not as an investigative assignment , which would have skeptically examined the assumptions behind citing that location as the scene in the video .
Usher offered no details about how they and their team had reached their conclusion on where the video was shot beyond referencing their meetings with blogger Higgins , who operates out of a house in Leicester , England .
Though there was no dispute that the images of the “ getaway ” video and Usher 's “ stand-upper ” did n't match , an irate “ 60 Minutes ” producer released a statement denouncing me and defending the show . The statement did , however , acknowledge that the team had not tried to replicate the scene in the “ getaway ” video , saying :
“ We opted to do our piece to camera as a wide shot showing the whole road system so the audience could get the layout and see which way the Buk was heading . The background in our piece to camera looks different to the original Buk video simply because it was shot from a different angle . The original video was obviously shot from one of the apartments behind , through the trees , which in in summer were in full leaf . ”
Those claims , however , were more excuses than real arguments . The wide shot did nothing to help Australian viewers get a meaningful sense of the “ layout ” in Luhansk . There was also no map or other graphic that could have shown where the apartments were and how that would have explained the dramatic discrepancies between the “ getaway ” video and the “ wide shot . ”
After the public statement , there were other rumblings that I would be further put down in a follow-up that “ 60 Minutes ” was preparing . I thought the update might present out-takes of the crew seeking access to the apartments or at least lining up a shot from that angle as best they could you know , investigative stuff .
Instead , when the update aired , it consisted of more insults references to “ Kremlin stooges ” and “ Russian puppets ” and a reprise of earlier parts of the program that I had not disputed . When the update finally got to the key “ getaway ” scene , Usher went into full bluster mode but again failed to present any serious evidence that their crew had matched up anything from the original video to what was found in Luhansk .
First , Usher pulled a sleight of hand by showing a traffic-camera shot of the intersection apparently supplied by Higgins and then matching up those landmarks to show that the crew had found the same intersection . But that is irrelevant to the question of whether the “ getaway ” video was taken in that intersection . In other words , Usher was trying to fool their audience by mixing together two different issues .
Sure , Usher and their team had found the intersection picked out by Higgins as the possible scene , but so what ? The challenge was to match up landmarks from the “ getaway ” video to that intersection . On that point , Usher cited only one item , a non-descript utility pole that Usher claimed looked like a utility pole in the “ getaway ” video .
However , the problems with that claim were multiple . First , utility poles tend to look alike and these two appear to have some differences though it 's hard to tell from the grainy “ getaway ” video . But what 's not hard to tell is that the surroundings are almost entirely different . The pole in the “ getaway ” video has a great deal of vegetation to its right while Usher 's pole does n't .
And then there 's the case of the missing house . The one notable landmark in that section of the “ getaway ” video is a house to the pole 's left . That house does not appear in Usher 's video , although “ 60 Minutes ” partially obscured the spot where the house should be by inserting an inset , thus adding to a viewer 's confusion .
Yet , one has to think that if Usher 's crew had found the house or for that matter , anything besides a utility pole that looked like something from the video they would have highlighted it .
Some of the show 's defenders are now saying that the pole was shot from a different angle , too , so it 's not fair for me to say it does n't line up . But , again , that 's not the point . It 's “ 60 Minutes ” that is making an accusation of mass murder , so it has the responsibility to present meaningful evidence to support that charge . It ca n't start whining because someone notes that its evidence is faulty or non-existent .
So , here 's the problem : As angry as “ 60 Minutes ” is with me for noting the flaws in its report , it was Usher 's job to check out whether the “ getaway ” video matched with the intersection identified by Higgins as the possible scene in Luhansk . Based on what was shown in the first show and then in the update , Usher 's team failed miserably .
That , however , does n't mean that the video was n't shot someplace nearby or somewhere completely different . It just means that Usher and their producers performed irresponsibly .
I recall once when I was a young Associated Press reporter in Providence , Rhode Island , I did a routine police story by calling authorities in a town elsewhere in the state . My dispatch then was sent out to AP member newspapers and broadcast outlets in Rhode Island . That night , when I got home , I turned on the 11 o'clock news and noticed a local TV correspondent reporting from the town on the same story .
I paid close attention in case they had found something that I had missed . But the correspondent simply read the AP dispatch , exactly as I had written it . They had done a “ stand-upper , ” using the town as simply a visual backdrop . There was nothing wrong with that ; they had every right to read the AP copy .
The difference in the case of Usher and “ 60 Minutes ” is that they were presenting their work as an original investigation , not simply a “ stand-upper ” of a report done by an English blogger . As an investigative report , they should have done all they could to check out and , either , verify or disprove the blogger 's findings .
Instead , on the most important point in dispute one that could push the world closer to a nuclear confrontation and conceivably annihilation Usher and their show traveled halfway around the world to do a “ stand-upper . ”
Following Donald Trump 's speech to congress , where they paid tribute to the memory of Navy SEAL William “ Ryan ” Owens in front of their widow Carryn , leftists attacked the president and the grieving woman , with many describing the moment as “ gross [ and ] shameful . ”
Trump praised the efforts of William “ Ryan ” Owens , who was killed in a successful military raid in the terror state of Yemen , as their wife Carryn Owens listened from the balcony .
“ I just spoke to our great General Mattis , who reconfirmed that ‘ Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemy , ” Trump said in their speech .
“ Ryan 's legacy is etched into eternity . Thank you , ” they continued .
The tribute was followed by a standing ovation from the entire congress , as Owens applauded Trump 's speech during undoubtedly the most emotionally-charged moment of the evening .
Celebrities such as Bill Maher and Michael Moore took the opportunity to criticize the president , with Maher saying they “ wished [ Owens ] had n't allowed themselves to be used as their prop like that , ” while filmmaker Michael Moore claimed it was “ a sort of f you to the people who are criticizing Trump . ”
Furthermore , left-wing Twitter users took the opportunity to attack Trump and the grieving widow , seeking to gain political points against Donald Trump in the process .
One Twitter user , Dan Grilo , who revealed on their account they were a volunteer for Hillary Clinton 's failed presidential campaign , said that “ Sorry , Owen 's wife , you 're not helping yourself or your husband 's memory standing there and clapping like an idiot . Trump just used you. ” They have since deleted their account .
https : //twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/836789629273714689
One user claiming to be the child of a military personnel , known as ‘ Queen Minion , ' said they found the moment “ nausea-inducing , ” adding that “ it literally made me sick to my stomach . ”
As an Army brat , I did n't find it poignant . I found it nausea inducing . It literally made me sick to my stomach . — Queen Minion ( @ QueenMinion269 ) March 1 , 2017
Another user , known as the ‘ The Literal Media , ' poured scorn over Owen 's appearance , describing them as the “ widow of the man Trump had murdered in a needless raid in Yemen . ”
https : //twitter.com/NickNelson87/status/836788926438326275
Meanwhile , another user by the name of Katherine described it as “ heart wrenching to see their raw emotion played on for their theatrics . ”
I believe everyone feels the same . It was heart wrenching to see their raw emotion played on for their theatrics . — Katherine ( @ ItZmeKatherine ) March 1 , 2017
Robin Lawson described the moment as “ shameful . ”
dear god . they introduce Chief Petty Officer Ryan Owens ' wife and widow . Them sobbing . God bless them but this is shameful . — Robin Lawson ( @ robinstillrocks ) March 1 , 2017
A user by the name of Adeço Fantastic accused Trump of “ parading Owens ' widow in front of the nation , ” describing the moment as “ incredibly gross . ”
Parading Owens ' widow in front of the nation is incredibly gross after denying responsibility for their death @ realDonaldTrump # JointAddress — 🐍 Adam Overberg ( @ adamoverberg ) March 1 , 2017
According to media reports , at least two Democrats , Keith Ellison and Debbie Wasserman remained seated as the rest of Congress applauded the woman .
Sobbing widow of slain Navy Seal receives 2 minute standing ovation . Debbie Wasserman Schultz & Keith Ellison stay firmly seated , no claps — Benny ( @ bennyjohnson ) March 1 , 2017
RETWEET if you think Keith Ellison and Debbie Wasserman Schultz refusing to clap for the sobbing widow of a Navy Seal was plain DISGRACEFUL ! pic.twitter.com/bp8dwIBI6g — # FireMueller ( @ NewtTrump ) March 1 , 2017
Following the death of Chief Special Warfare Operator William “ Ryan ” Owens , 36 , last month , Donald Trump , Mike Pence , and their close family flew to the Dover Military base to pay their respects , honoring the first American soldier to be killed on active service since Trump took office .
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ ben_kew , or email them at bkew @ breitbart.com
Earlier in the week , the House in a nearly unanimous vote had approved $ 7.85 billion in Harvey aid . But the Senate added an additional $ 7.4 billion to fund community-development block grants to help the affected areas rebuild , along with the temporary extensions of federal funding and the debt ceiling . The bill also included a three-month extension of the National Flood Insurance Program , which was set to expire on September 30 .
While the storm relief was the most important piece of the legislation , this week 's votes also represented one of the more remarkable political moments of Trump 's first term , as Republican majorities in the House and Senate ratified an agreement the president sealed with Democrats over the objections of both House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . The deal came together rapidly at the end of an hour-long meeting at the White House on Tuesday , when Trump acceded to demands from Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi that the Harvey package include only a short-term increase in the debt limit . Ryan and McConnell had wanted a much larger increase that would last through the 2018 elections , to shield Republican lawmakers from another politically painful vote and to block Democrats from demanding additional concessions in exchange for their votes .
Trump 's decision stunned Republican lawmakers , who suddenly found themselves on the wrong side of an impulsive president 's desire to claim a bipartisan win . “ The word that comes to my mind is bewilderment , ” said Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina , chairperson of the conservative Republican Study Committee and generally an ally of the president . “ I think this caught everybody a little bit off-guard , ” they said in an interview Thursday evening . Walker voted against the package on Friday .
The White House spun the agreement as a way for Trump to “ clear the decks ” for a push on tax reform , and the president made clear that they wanted a show of bipartisanship as the nation faced not one but two natural disasters . Yet the votes in Congress were less a kumbaya moment than another display of Republican division . While the legislation won unanimous support of Democrats in both chambers , GOP lawmakers were torn between the desire to show support for the regions devastated by Harvey and their anger at the deal Trump signed off on . Trump sent Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Mick Mulvaney , their budget director and a former fiscal hard-liner , to Capitol Hill on Friday to round up some last-minute votes , but the effort appeared to move few members . While the bill won a majority of House Republicans , the 90 who voted against the agreement were mostly conservatives , including a large chunk of the House Freedom Caucus and even four members representing Texas . Opposition also came from four committee members chairpeople , including two from Texas : Representatives Jeb Hensarling , head of the Financial Services Committee , and Mac Thornberry , who leads the Armed Services Committee .
We may have to come up with a new term for museums .
They are , by definition , places where objects are archived and protected . But to attract visitors in the age of TMI , ADD and Instagram , their once-hushed halls of introspection have become beehives of social activity and techno-temptations .
Top trends changing the way that Minnesota museums operate include more opportunities for interactivity and a “ makers movement ” that lets visitors create objects themselves . Museums are also rebranding themselves as social-event gathering spots and finding fresh ways to display and interpret collections . They 're also blurring boundaries , from diversifying curators ' roles to taking exhibits outside their walls in formats like “ pop-up ” parks .
“ The most common reason people give for coming to museums is ‘ to be inspired , ' ” said Sarah Schultz , curator of audience engagement at Walker Art Center . “ They also make us more aware of time , in the present moment . ”
Meet me in Gallery 3
“ Museums are leveraging themselves as community spaces by maximizing what they 're good at — having stuff and thinking about stuff , ” said Phil Katz , co-author of a recent trendwatch report for the Center for the Future of Museums , an initiative of the American Alliance of Museums .
The Walker Art Center 's free-admission events on Thursday nights have become generally packed parties , with guest chefs in the restaurant and live music in the galleries . The Minneapolis Institute of Arts has monthly Thursday events as well , with fun themes designed to attract a young night life crowd .
The Bakken Museum of Electricity is the latest to hop on the social-hub bandwagon . At a recent after-work fete featuring cocktails and diversions — including unique circuit-bending musical instruments and a static-electricity display that made attendees ' hair stand on end — geek was definitely chic .
“ People think science is something done alone in a library or lab , ” executive director David Rhees said . “ But when they come here and build a bug out of recycled electronic components , they see it 's social and fun . ”
Make 'n ' take
Today 's museumgoers love creating things on site , especially if they can take them home .
While museums have long tried to make learning fun , now they 're taking things a step further , giving visitors more control over the process . Last year , the Minnesota Children 's Museum 's 3D-printing demo , which allowed visitors to create their own prints , proved popular . In October , the museum will introduce “ Creativity Jam , ” a series of activities that encourage kids to problem-solve , find different ways to construct things like play forts and robots , and even help an artist with an installation .
The Science Museum of Minnesota has “ # hashtag ” signage throughout its exhibits , to encourage maximum tweeting . Many area museums have invested in expanding Wi-Fi access so visitors can spontaneously share their impressions or images on social media or Google more information on an artist .
The backlash to such hyperconnectivity has already begun . In Paris , a group is working to make the Musée d'Orsay Internet-free so people will focus only on the art .
“ They 're fighting a losing battle , ” Katz said . “ One of the biggest technological developments driving what museums will do is that people carry their devices with them at all times and consider them a seamless part of their lives . Nearly 60 percent of American adults have smartphones . That percentage is certainly higher among the heaviest users of museums . ”
Mixing it up
Museums are not only finding new ways of displaying art — the MIA 's “ ReMix ” program , for example , juxtaposes seemingly incongruous works to invite new interpretations — but also new answers to the perennial question “ What is art ? ”
Exhibit A is the Walker 's wildly successful cat-video festival , which drew 8,000 people to its outdoor Open Field in August and is being expanded at the State Fair grandstand this summer .
Museums are also taking chances on looser , more surprising collaborations , taking exhibits to unexpected places , like out on the streets — or even a suburban front yard .
To reflect the Minneapolis Sculpture Garden 's 25th anniversary , Walker Art Center will launch a summerlong project , “ At Home in the City , ” with events related to gardening , food production and urban farming . One home in the outer suburbs will be chosen for a residency by artist Fritz Haeg , who will transform its lawn into an organic garden , an “ edible estate . ”
Museums elsewhere are also stretching boundaries and rethinking standard practices .
Early this year , the Dallas Museum of Art began offering free admission and launched a “ rewards ” program for frequent visitors , who can earn badges redeemable for prizes from free parking to an overnight stay in the museum .
The New Museum in New York City has turned 5,000 pay phones in Manhattan into temporary time machines , at which you can dial a specific number to hear known personalities like Michael Musto describe what life was like in the area in 1993 .
At the Louvre in Paris , IBM has installed a “ smart ” maintenance system that streamlines the efficiency of heating , cooling and other functions to allow many more galleries to be open at the same time to maximize the visitor experience .
Crowdsourcing is also being tested as a way to support new efforts . A campaign last fall on Indiegogo raised nearly $ 1.4 million toward a Tesla museum to be built in Shoreham , N.Y. , site of the inventor 's final laboratory .
Adding more voices
The MIA 's Armstrong sees other uses for crowdsourcing as well . Traditionally a curator 's notes are posted on the wall beside a painting , but a museum might also print the thoughts of average museumgoers .
“ Crowdsourcing labels , with Wikipedia being the model , seemed very radical a few years ago , yet we are all smarter when we work collectively , ” Armstrong said .
Walker Art Center 's Schultz is on the same wavelength . Formerly in charge of the Walker 's Teen Council , they saw the high schoolers as an “ audience in residence ” with ideas as valuable as those of trained adults .
“ Everyone has something to learn , everyone has something to teach , ” Schultz said . “ It 's better to think of it as expertise than authority , because authority shuts things down . Expertise is the beginning of a conversation . ”
When Joe and Jane Q . Public are allowed to weigh in à la Yelp , is expertise in danger of being canceled out by ignorance ?
“ You have to have checks and balances , ” Armstrong acknowledged , with curators getting the last word as content verifiers . “ But it 's moving from the idea of one ultimate authority to acknowledging multiple perspectives . I 'd much rather see 10 people 's opinion of a work of art than just one . ”
Nor should visitors believe that making work more accessible is the same as dumbing it down , said artist Andy Ducett , who will be artist in residence at the Bell Museum of Natural History in the fall and who recently created performance art and other one-off antics for opening night of the MIA 's current exhibit , “ More Real ? Art in the Age of Truthiness . ”
“ The content is still there , ” Ducett said . “ There 's meat on the bone . It 's just dipped in chocolate . ”
Updated Thursday , Nov. 8 at 7:30pm
Rock Center has received an outpouring of support from viewers looking to directly help the people profiled in our reports about Hurricane Sandy 's impact .
Phyllis Puglia 's family has set up a website to help rebuild their home and replace personal belongings . http : //www.gofundme.com/1gidqk
Kelley and Adam , profiled last week , are hopeful they will find temporary housing and begin to rebuild their lives .
http : //www.youcaring.com/fundraiser_details ? fundraiser_id=12934 & url=hurricanesandyhelp
If you would like to send or drop off donations of clothing or other tangible goods to those affected in Staten Island , NY , you may consider contacting the following local organizations :
( Click here for additional regional and national resources helping those affected by Hurricane Sandy )
Monsignor Farrell H.S .
John Makely/NBC News Staten Island , NY -- John Dellorusso looks over their backyard which now contains the debris from a nearby restaurant . Their home , at right , was severely damaged and their girlfriend refuses to return to the house .
2900 Amboy Road , Staten Island , NY 10306
( 718 ) 987-2900
Collecting blankets , coats , gloves and hats
St. Joseph By The Sea High School
5150 Hylan Blvd , Staten Island , NY 10312
( 718 ) 984-6500
Collecting cleaning supplies , rubber gloves and clothing
Project Hospitality
25 Central Avenue , Staten Island , NY 10301
( 718 ) 720-0079 , ext . 10 .
Collecting supplies like new underwear , socks , new towels , toiletries , canned food
Rabs Country Lanes
1600 Hylan Blvd , Staten Island , NY 10305
( 718 ) 979-1600
Collecting clothing and blankets
Stephen Siller Tunnel To Towers Foundation
2361 Hylan Blvd .
Staten Island , NY 10306
https : //tunneltotowersfoundation.org/donate_now.aspx
Accepting monetary donations for families in need
AMERICAN RED CROSS
The Red Cross is providing shelter , clothes , supplies , food and blood , as needed , for the victims of Sandy . You can donate blood , but in terms of items , you 'll be doing more for those in need by donating money instead of physical goods .
Text message : Text the word REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $ 10 to American Red Cross Disaster Relief . As in the case with other donations via mobile , the donation will show up on your wireless bill , or be deducted from your balance if you have a prepaid phone . You need to be 18 or older , or have parental permission , to donate this way . ( If you change your mind , text the word STOP to 90999 . )
Phone : 800-RED CROSS ( 1-800-733-2767 ) ; for Spanish speakers , 800-257-7575 ; for TDD , 800-220-4095 .
To donate blood : Visit this Red Cross Web page .
Online : American Red Cross
SALVATION ARMY
The Salvation Army is providing meals and shelter . `` At this point , in-kind donations , such as used clothing and used furniture , are not being accepted for hurricane relief . However , these items are vital to supporting the day-to-day work of your local Salvation Army , '' the organization said Tuesday in a press release .
Text message : Text the word STORM to 80888 to make a $ 10 donation . To confirm the donation , respond with the word “ Yes . ”
Phone : 800-SAL-ARMY ( 800-725-2769 )
Online : Salvation Army ; here 's the organization 's New Jersey site , and its Greater New York site .
John Makely/NBC News Staten Island , NY -- Jane Caravello pauses for a moment after wading a couple hundred yards from their house . `` Half of it is down there and the other half is on Beach Ave . ''
HUMANE SOCIETY OF THE UNITED STATES
Many pet owners were able to take their pets with them , but for those who were not , the Humane Society 's Animal Rescue Team is assembling staff and equipment to help rescue pets in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast .
Phone : 301-258-8276
Online : Humane Society of the United States
AMERICAN HUMANE ASSOCIATION
The association is helping animals that may need rescue or shelter .
Text message : Text the word HUMANE to 80888 to donate $ 10 .
Phone : 866-242-1877 .
Online : The AHA 's website for donating is here .
HABITAT FOR HUMANITY
Habitat , an international organization , helps those in need to rebuild their homes after disaster strikes .
Phone : As of Tuesday morning , Habitat 's online donation system was not available . If you want to make a donation , you can call Habitat 's Partner Service Center at 800-HABITAT ( 422-4828 ) . Press `` 0 '' when prompted and representatives will take your donation information over the phone .
Online : This is Habitat for Humanity 's main website .
COMMUNITY FOODBANK OF NEW JERSEY
This group coordinates efforts with the state 's Office of Emergency Management , as well as with state and local nonprofit organizations .
Phone : ( 908 ) 355- FOOD ( 3663 ) , ext . 243 .
Online : Community FoodBank of New Jersey
FEEDING AMERICA
The organization will deliver food , water and supplies to communities in need through its network of food banks and the agencies they serve .
Phone : 800-910-5524
Online : This is Feeding America 's main website .
CATHOLIC CHARITIES USA
Catholic Charities provides emergency food , shelter , direct financial assistance , counseling , and support `` regardless of religious , social , or economic backgrounds . ''
Online : More information here ; main website here .
Phone : 800-919-9338
AMERICARES
This group provides emergency medicine and supplies . Donations are accepted on its accepts donations on its website .
Phone : 800-486-4357 .
NEW YORK CARES
This local NYC program is `` the city 's largest volunteer organization , running volunteer programs for 1,300 nonprofits , city agencies and public schools . '' It is recruiting volunteers to help with Sandy relief efforts , and is also raising money .
Online : New York Cares ; donation page here .
Phone : 212-228-5000
You can also approach the city government directly to volunteer , by emailing nycservice @ cityhall.nyc.gov with your name , email address and borough .
DIRECT RELIEF INTERNATIONAL
The organization provides medicine and supplies to partner health centers and clinics .
Text message : Text the word RELIEF to 27722 to give $ 10 .
Phone : 805-964-4767 .
Online : Direct Relief International is the main website ; go here to donate online .
NYC MAYOR 'S FUND
The Mayor 's Fund to Advance New York City charity supports `` impactful public programs serving some of the City 's greatest needs . ''
Online : The Mayor 's Fund website is here .
WORLD VISION
Describing itself as `` a Christian humanitarian organization dedicated to working with children , families '' and communities , World Vision provides flood clean-up kits , hygiene kits , blanket and food kits .
Text message : Text the word GIVEUSA to 777444 to donate $ 10 .
Phone : 888-511-6443 .
Online : For World Vision 's Hurricane Sandy relief , click here .
UNITED METHODIST COMMITTEE ON RELIEF
Provides immediate relief , assistance with cleanup and rebuilding , pastoral counseling and support for children and youth who have been through trauma .
Text message : Text the word RESPONSE to 80888 to give a $ 10 donation .
Phone : 800-554-8583
Online : United Methodist Committee on Relief
JEWISH FEDERATIONS OF NORTH AMERICA
The Jewish Federations of North America Hurricane Relief Fund will contribute to recovery and rebuilding .
Text message : Text the word RELIEF to 51818 to pledge a donation .
Online : The Jewish Federations of North America .
BREEZY POINT FUND RAISER
One of the most badly damaged communities in Sandy 's wake is Breezy Point , Queens . Catholic University student Matthew Petronis created this fundraising page to help their community rebuild . `` I have seen the damage and can say that the place where I grew up during my childhood is almost gone , '' they wrote on the page , `` but that is not the case for the children that are growing up now ! ''
BENEFIT CONCERT
NBC Universal will host a benefit for Sandy victims on Friday at 8 p.m . ET . Money collected will be donated to the American Red Cross relief efforts . Find more info here .
Though smaller instant charities are not always recommended for donating ( for reasons discussed below ) , NBC News reporters have interviewed Petronis , and verified their story .
WHAT ELSE TO THINK ABOUT
We 'll be updating this list .
Remember that while giving is good , beware of those out there who are not good and are trying to trick you by taking your money . In the aftermath of Hurricane Irene last year , the Federal Trade Commission 's caution still holds true : `` Scammers may try to take advantage of a disaster , and so consumers should be wary of urgent appeals for charitable donations , and watch out for fraudulent home repair schemes after a storm . ''
You can read more about avoiding home repair rip-offs and charity fraud from the FTC .
Also , the FBI has counseled on its Facebook page `` to beware of fraudulent emails and websites claiming to conduct charitable relief efforts . Disasters prompt individuals with criminal intent to solicit contributions purportedly for a charitable organization or a good cause , '' and suggests reading `` Tips on Avoiding Fraudulent Charitable Contribution Schemes '' to learn more about avoiding online fraud .
Compiled by Suzanne Choney , TODAY.com
A number of correspondents have explained the paradox this way : Roberts and many others object to laws and policies ( like affirmative action ) that actually use racial terms in their language . A law that does n't do this is “ neutral ” and thus poses no problem .
This distinction is foreign to the Constitution . What the Equal Protection Clause as interpreted by the courts actually targets is “ intentional discrimination. ” Constitutionally , it does n't matter whether lawmakers write that purpose into the language or not . As anyone who has studied American history knows , it 's possible to further white supremacy without admitting anything publicly ; that 's how Southern states kept the ballot all white for a century despite the 15th Amendment 's prohibition of race discrimination in voting . Jim Crow election laws did n't say only whites could vote ; instead , they set up a maze of restrictions—grandfather clauses , poll taxes , literacy tests—designed to winnow out non-whites and , to a lesser extent , poor people of any race .
A law that says , “ whites can vote , non-whites not so much , ” for example , is invalid on its face . But what if it says , “ persons convicted of a crime of moral turpitude may not vote , ” when that rule disenfranchises blacks far more often than whites ? In a 1985 case called Hunter v. Underwood , the Supreme Court found that , neutral in language or not , the “ moral turpitude ” clause was invalid under the 15th Amendment . The historical evidence , wrote then-Justice William H. Rehnquist , “ demonstrates conclusively that [ the ‘ turpitude ' provision ] was enacted with the intent of disenfranchising blacks. ” The sponsors of the measure had admitted in 1901 that they wanted , as one of them said , “ to establish white supremacy in this State . '' The sponsors were all dead by 1985 , but the passage of time did n't matter , nor did the fact that it also disenfranchised some poor white voters .
The intent , not the language , is what matters under the case law . And it 's not necessary that those creating or enforcing the law actually hate minorities ; all that must be shown is that they intended to treat minorities less favorably than the majority .
That 's what “ discrimination ” is . It need n't speak its name ; it need n't wear a robe or burn a cross ; it may speak in a soothing voice . Discriminatory lawmakers can have more than one motive . But if they intentionally target race , it is discrimination .
How do we determine “ discriminatory intent ” ? Legislators , even those with bad intentions , tend to be more discreet today than they were in segregation-era Alabama . But the Supreme Court has developed ways of smoking out discriminatory intent . If you want a thorough introduction to how this is done , read Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos 's 147-page opinion in the Texas-ID case , Veasey v. Perry . Ramos follows Supreme Court precedent carefully as they analyze the history of SB 14 . In a 1977 case called Village of Arlington Heights v. Metropolitan Housing Development Corporation , the Court instructed lower courts to ask certain questions when neutral-seeming laws are challenged . Do they affect minorities more than whites ? Some civil-rights statutes forbid such a “ disparate impact , ” but under the Constitution impact by itself is never enough to prove discrimination . More evidence is needed . What is the history of discrimination in the city or state that enacted the law , and what was going on when the law was passed ? Was the law enacted by unusual , hasty , or secretive procedures ? What did the lawmakers themselves have to say about the law during the process ?
It 's somehow unsurprising that as rents and house prices go higher , the actual space being sold gets smaller . The enormously lucrative , utterly rigged trap that is housing in the UK is good at providing depressing statistics , and the latest of them comes with a report from insurers LV= , which claims that the average home has shrunk by 2 sq m in the last 10 years alone . The average family home is now 96.8 sq m rather than 98.8 sq m a decade ago , or 153 sq m in the 1920s . Attics and garages are converted into living space , often as the result of the emergency re-use of space , brought about by factors such as people in their 20s coming back to live with their parents or overcrowding in shared accommodation . What is equally alarming is just how small the new houses and flats that have been built actually are . The upshot of 30 years of neoliberalism in housing is an exceptionally cramped product sold ( or let ) for an extremely large quantity of money .
How much space should we be expected to live in ? Some institutions – the Homes and Communities Agency , the Greater London authority – have talked about resurrecting minimum space standards , which , like rent control , is entirely normal in the rest of Europe . The idea of space as the measure runs counter to the way things are done over here , we 're reminded . In Germany , flats are advertised according to how many square metres they have , while in the UK , it is usually the amount of rooms . The fixation on the house helps with the sleight of hand – the average detached house on a new executive estate may actually be considerably smaller than the average new flat in Paris or Berlin , but the appeal to status and individuality apparently has the edge .
It was not always thus . The standards that are usually talked about are `` Parker Morris '' , named after the chair of the committee behind a report in 1961 called Homes for Today and Tomorrow , which laid down a minimum which was compulsory in public – if not private – housing . The report said that it was better to build flats that are too large , rather than too small : `` Additional space is an important long-term investment , for if a house or flat is large enough it can usually be brought up-to-date as it gets older , but if there is not enough space improvements can be impossible , or at least unduly expensive . ''
The committee was not so interested in layouts , but in space as an end in itself , noting that `` this report is not about rooms so much as about the activities that people want to pursue in their homes '' , the various new forms of leisure caused by what they called the `` new affluence '' . The report was actually criticised at the time for setting the bar too low – earlier council estates , like Spa Green in London or Park Hill in Sheffield , already exceeded the Parker Morris standards , and both the HCA and the GLA recommended Parker Morris levels `` plus 10 % '' as a minimum . That would entail around 106 sq m for a family home , which is higher than the current average .
But using the marvellous language of regeneration , you can always sell parsimony as cool ; see the branding of tiny new flats in boom-era Manchester or Leeds as `` compact '' or even `` minimal '' . The latter term recalls the 1920s movement for the `` minimum dwelling '' , like Parker Morris an attempt to define what could be expected as a decent amount of space and making it compulsory – it 's ironic to see it redefined as `` small '' . Alternatively , you can redefine spaciousness as someone getting more than they deserve , as per the repugnant bedroom tax .
The reduction of space inside goes along with the same outside . The average council estate was built with abundant public space , usually later slated for being insufficiently `` defensible '' , for being too open and presumably too optimistic about human nature ; the `` regeneration '' of places like the Pepys Estate in Deptford entailed building on these spaces , filling them as much as possible with something lettable . What has been lost in all of this is the idea that space is a right , a good in and of itself .
Miocic
vs .
Hunt Tavares
vs .
Whittaker Perosh
vs .
O'Connell Matthews
vs .
Vick Dann Stupp
@ DannStupp
2015 picks : 44-21
Miocic
Tavares
Perosh
Matthews John Morgan
@ MMAjunkieJohn
2015 picks : 44-21
Miocic
Tavares
O'Connell
Matthews Ben Fowlkes
@ BenFowlkesMMA
2015 picks : 43-22
Hunt
Tavares
Perosh
Matthews George Garcia
@ MMAjunkieGeorge
2015 picks : 42-23
Miocic
Tavares
O'Connell
Matthews Brian Garcia
@ thegoze
2015 picks : 42-23
Miocic
Tavares
Perosh
Vick Brent Brookhouse
@ BrentBrookhouse
2015 picks : 42-23
Miocic
Tavares
Perosh
Matthews Mike Bohn
@ MikeBohnMMA
2015 picks : 41-24
2014 Champion
Hunt
Tavares
Perosh
Matthews Steven Marrocco
@ MMAjunkieSteven
2015 picks : 41-24
Miocic
Tavares
Perosh
Matthews Matt Erickson
@ MMAjunkieMatt
2015 picks:40-25
Miocic
Whittaker
O'Connell
Matthews
Recent odds have Stipe Miocic a nearly 2.5-1 ( -250 ) favorite over Mark Hunt in tonight 's UFC Fight Night 65 heavyweight headliner , but is they such a clear-cut choice in MMAjunkie 's staff picks ?
Among MMAjunkie 's nine full-time writers and radio hosts , Miocic ( 12-2 MMA , 6-2 UFC ) is the 7-2 choice over the veteran Hunt ( 10-9-1 MMA , 5-3-1 UFC ) , who 's actually ranked two spots ( No . 5 ) ahead of Miocic ( No . 7 ) in the USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie MMA heavyweight rankings .
The bout , which streams on UFC Fight Pass from Adelaide Entertainment Centre in Adelaide , South Australia , Australia , is n't the only lopsided choice , though .
In the middleweight co-headliner , Brad Tavares ( 13-3 MMA , 8-3 UFC ) is the 8-1 choice over Robert Whittaker ( 13-4 MMA , 4-2 UFC ) . Additionally , light heavyweight Anthony Perosh ( 15-8 MMA , 5-5 UFC ) is a 6-3 pick over Sean O'Connell ( 16-6 MMA , 1-2 UFC ) , and lightweight Jake Matthews ( 8-0 MMA , 2-0 UFC ) is an 8-1 choice over James Vick ( 7-0 MMA , 3-0 UFC ) .
Check out all the picks above . Additionally , leave your main-card picks below . As usual , MMAjunkie reader “ IAMMA ” is organizing the MMAjunkie Member Picks , where “ Jack , ” “ Gummiberry juice ” and “ abZ ” are our leaders .
And for more on UFC Fight Night 65 , check out the UFC Rumors section of the site .
Last year , there were 762 American baby boys given the name Messiah , putting it right between old standbys Scott and Jay for popularity , according to the Social Security Administration database . As currently formulated , the magistrate 's reasoning would be a problem not only for all of them , but also for all the Americans , primarily of Hispanic ancestry , who have named their sons Jesus . There were 3,758 Americans given the name Jesus last year , putting it way ahead of Messiah .
Now , one could argue that Jesus does not necessarily refer to Jesus Christ , the one believed to be the Messiah ( “ Christ ” is one Greek-derived translation for “ messiah ” ) . But surely that 's whom most parents have in mind . Jesús finds particular favor among Roman Catholics in Mexico and Central America , where so many recent immigrants come from . It is less popular in Spain .
“ My impression , ” said Ilan Stavans , who teaches Spanish literature at Amherst College , “ is that there is an identification in Latin America with characters of the Passion that you do n't find in other parts of the world , including Spain . ”
Yet as Mr. Stavans points out , the tradition of religious naming in Latin America goes beyond those involved in the events , known as the Passion , leading up to Jesus ' crucifixion . Many Latinos are happy to name their children versions of the word “ God . ”
“ Adonai is also a common name among Latinos , especially Mexicans , ” Mr. Stavans said . “ And so is Elohim. ” Those are both Hebrew versions of the word for the deity . “ But neither of them , ” they added , “ matches the ubiquity of Jesus , closely followed by Maria , Jose and Guadalupe . ”
Hebrew-derived names are particularly popular among Latinos who have become Pentecostal Protestants , according to Arlene Sánchez-Walsh , a historian at Azusa Pacific University , in Azusa , Calif. As Pentecostalism has spread in Latin America , new adherents have a “ desire to connect to Old Testament prophets , Jewish dietary laws and sometimes Sabbath keeping , ” Ms. Sánchez-Walsh said . It “ gives Latino Pentecostals a stake in their religious heritage as non-Catholics — which is what a lot of this is about . ”
For some , that stake in non-Catholic Christianity is achieved by picking the names of patriarchs or prophetic figures , like Jacob or Eliezer , both names given to Hispanic Pentecostal boys I know . Adonai or Elohim ups the Old Testament ante .
KeystoneUSA-ZUMA/REX/Shutterstock
An ancient continent that was once sandwiched between India and Madagascar now lies scattered on the bottom of the Indian Ocean .
The first clues to the continent 's existence came when some parts of the Indian Ocean were found to have stronger gravitational fields than others , indicating thicker crusts . One theory was that chunks of land had sunk and become attached to the ocean crust below .
Mauritius was one place with a powerful gravitational pull . In 2013 , Lewis Ashwal at the University of the Witwatersrand in South Africa and their colleagues proposed that the volcanic island was sitting on a piece of old , sunken continent .
Advertisement
Although Mauritius is only 8 million years old , some zircon crystals on the island 's beaches are almost 2 billion years old . Volcanic eruptions may have ejected the zircon from ancient rock below .
Now , Ashwal and their team have found zircon crystals in Mauritius that are up to 3 billion years old . Through detailed analyses they have reconstructed the geological history of the lost continent , which they named Mauritia .
The break-up
Until about 85 million years ago , Mauritia was a small continent — about a quarter of the size of Madagascar — nestled between India and Madagascar , which were much closer than they are today . Then , India and Madagascar began to move apart , and Mauritia started to stretch and break up .
“ It 's like plasticine : when continents are stretched they become thinner and split apart , ” says Martin Van Kranendonk at the University of New South Wales in Australia . “ It 's these thin pieces that sink below the ocean . ”
There is evidence that other volcanic islands in the Indian Ocean , including the Cargados Carajos , Laccadive and Chagos islands , also sit on fragments of Mauritia .
More and more remnants of other old continents are being uncovered , says Alan Collins at the University of Adelaide in Australia .
Several pieces have recently been found off Western Australia and underneath Iceland , they say . “ It 's only now as we explore more of the deep oceans that we 're finding all these bits of ancient continents around the place . ”
Journal reference : Nature Communications , DOI : 10.1038/ncomms14086
Bernie Sanders spoke on the Senate floor on Wednesday to urge Donald Trump to veto any cuts to Social Security , Medicare or Medicaid—and used one of the President-elect 's own tweets to prove their point .
As lawmakers debated the repeal of Obamacare , Sanders pointed out that Trump had previously said they would not cut the services through a giant printout of a tweet dating to May 2015 .
“ I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security , Medicare & Medicaid , ” Trump claimed at the time . “ Huckabee copied me . ”
Sanders said Trump should either admit they were lying or say they will veto any forthcoming cuts .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
“ Millions of people voted for them on the belief that they would keep their word , ” they said . “ If they were sincere , then I would hope that tomorrow or maybe today they could send out a tweet and tell their Republican colleagues to stop wasting their time and all of our time . And for Mr. Trump to tell the American people that they will veto any proposal that cuts Medicare , that cuts Medicaid or that cuts Social Security . ”
Photos of Sanders speaking alongside a blown up printout of Trump 's tweet circulated social media and quickly became a meme .
Write to Mahita Gajanan at mahita.gajanan @ time.com .
There has been considerable consternation and media coverage of late about how child sex abuse cases are handled in the haredi , or ultra-Orthodox , community . The Brooklyn district attorney , no doubt feeling the pressure , is now pushing for legislation that would require rabbis to report such crimes to the authorities . This scandal has been discussed for years in The Jewish Week and other Jewish media , and recently in The New York Times , with reports of how informants are routinely shunned and victims banned from reporting abuse to the authorities . Anti-Semitic websites have had a field day , comparing this Jewish “ code of silence ” to the Mafia 's .
The coverage has pinpointed an obscure rabbinic prohibition as a major source of the problem : the ancient prohibition against mesirah , the handing over of a Jew to non-Jewish authorities . Ironically , the same Hebrew root forms the word “ masoret , ” or tradition , describing a priceless heritage handed over from one generation to another . But in this case , mesirah , the public disclosure of allegations against another Jew , is considered to be an act that desecrates God 's name .
It is important to emphasize that most rabbinic authorities concur that Judaism has no place for the protection of sexual predators . Even for those who might otherwise support mesirah , the prohibition does not apply when there is a perceived public menace . As Rabbi Moses Isserles states in their gloss to the Shulchan Aruch , “ A person who attacks others should be punished . If the Jewish authorities do not have the power to punish him , they must be punished by the civil authorities . ”
While unfortunately there is still considerable resistance in reporting dangerous behavior to secular authorities among the haredim , the problem is less mesirah itself than how these rabbis choose to apply it . To paraphrase the NRA gun lobby , mesirah does n't harm people : people do . In this case , those people are insular and misinformed Jewish leaders .
Get Jewish Week 's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
That said , when you read Maimonides ' full explanation of mesirah , it gives one pause to wonder whether the time has come to eliminate it completely from the halachic lexicon . Maimonides , after all , was neither insular nor misinformed , and they lived in a society that was relatively benign toward Jews . Yet they write : “ It is forbidden to hand over a Jew to the heathen , neither their person nor their goods , even if they are wicked and a sinner , even if they cause distress and pain to fellow-Jews . Whoever hands over a Jew to the heathen has no part in the next world . It is permitted to kill a moser ( informant ) wherever they are . It is even permitted to kill them before they have handed over ( a fellow Jew ) . ”
Maimonides ' condemnation of the moser is reminiscent of the law regarding the rodef ( the life-threatening pursuer ) , whom one is also allowed to kill . This rabbinic concept was employed most infamously by those advocating the murder of Prime Minister Rabin . The moser and rodef are linked explicitly in a commentary by Rebbenu Asher : “ Thus , an informer is like a pursuer to kill someone and the victim may be saved at the cost of the life of the pursuer . ”
In our world , it is the molester who is clearly the pursuer , not the guy who calls 911 . It is the cover-up that shames the entire Jewish community , not the informant . In a free society with just courts and equal treatment under the law , mesirah is a relic , a conversation piece from a more perilous past , like that section of the Haggadah where we ask God to pour out divine wrath against our enemies .
The idea that Jews should be protective of Jewish sinners stems from a longstanding mistrust of just about every government we 've lived under — everything until right now , here in America . The most obvious example was the Romans , whom the rabbis had in mind when they advised their students , “ Love work , despise positions of power and do not become overly familiar with the government. ” But the idea of protecting Jews from secular authorities has reached absurd extremes in Jewish law . The principle of mesirah has been used to dissuade Jewish auditors from reporting other Jews to the IRS for tax fraud and , as Rabbi Moshe Feinstein ruled , to prohibit us from turning a Jew in to secular authorities for fraudulent kashrut supervision . I for one am glad the Agriprocessors scandal was handled by the secular courts and not kept “ within the family . ”
Where does mesirah come from ?
It all goes back to Moses . When they struck the Egyptian taskmaster , Exodus tells us that fellow Israelites began taunting them about the incident , which led Moses to become fearful that someone would turn them over to Pharaoh . Rashi posits that Moses was n't so much concerned about their own fate ; they were concerned that their act would lead “ villains and informers ” to turn them in , making them unworthy of redemption . So they fled , not so much to protect themselves as to protect their accusers from suffering the fate of the moser .
But change “ Pharaoh ” to “ NYPD ” or “ FBI , ” and the story reads quite differently . If Moses had struck a cop not in Egypt but Brooklyn , would n't it have been absolutely appropriate for a fellow Jew to notify the authorities ? Now replace “ NYPD ” with “ Sheriff Jim Clark , ” and would you turn in Moses for striking a cop who was assaulting peaceful protesters in Selma ? Would n't you want your moral code to protect him ? True , one person 's freedom fighter is another person 's terrorist , but I can stand behind an objective moral standard that says that Moses was right , in the context of their times , and a child molester is wrong , anytime , anywhere , and Pharaoh and the NYPD are not created equal .
We can both protect Moses and turn in the molester for lots of reasons , but in each case , the least relevant factor is that the perpetrator happens to be Jewish . That 's mesirah 's fatal flaw .
It 's time to declaw this dangerous concept , so that it may never again be used to justify the protection of those who inflict suffering on innocent children .
Rabbi Joshua Hammerman is a spiritual leader of Temple Beth-El in Stamford , Conn .
Nexon America will publish the free-to-play multiplayer shooter Extraction from Brink and Wolfenstein : Enemy Territory developer Splash Damage , the company announced in a release today . The title , based on its teaser website and screenshots , appears to be a version of the game known as Dirty Bomb , which Splash Damage unveiled late last year .
According to the Extraction website , the game is set in the aftermath of a `` mysterious attack '' on London . Players will take control of mercenaries , each with their own skills and abilities , as they `` clash in the contaminated streets '' to either recover or destroy the secrets left behind .
Splash Damage launched a closed alpha test for Dirty Bomb earlier this year , which players who contributed to the Founders Club program could access . Splash Damage is also developing the multiplayer component of another game , Batman : Arkham Origins .
Extraction is coming to PC in North America , Europe , Australia and New Zealand .
President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney raced from one battleground state to another in the final day of campaigning before Election Day , but the battle may rest in the hands of lawyers .
Nationwide polls show the two locked in one of the closest , and most expensive , presidential races in recent U.S. history . The hard-fought contest has laid bare one of the most polarized American electorates in decades choosing between very different paths for the world 's most powerful country . Uncertainty over the outcome weighed on investors worldwide .
But even before polls opened , legal skirmishes were breaking out in Ohio and Florida as both sides argued over voter identification laws , raising the spectre of the protracted legal battles that followed the 2000 election .
In New Hampshire , there were reports of voters not receiving requested absentee ballots , while in Iowa some got them despite not asking .
As Mr. Obama and Mr. Romney made their final pitches to the voters in rallies across the country , the two men were still effectively tied in polls , with the president holding just a 0.7-point lead on average , according to RealClearPolitics .
Lawyers are already wrangling over 200,000 potential provisional votes in Ohio after the state 's Republican secretary of state issued an 11th-hour directive saying any ballots that did not include social security numbers would be invalidated .
[ np-related ]
The move was seen as a direct attempt to target Democrat voters , who tend to vote early and are less likely to have correct documentation , and caused Ohio 's Democratic leadership to issue a statement promising the move would be met with “ overwhelming legal force . ”
The fight over those ballots has now increased the possibility that if Tuesday 's election comes down to the Buckeye State then it wo n't end on Tuesday night at all . Instead , it might be weeks before Ohio has a final result .
“ Provisional ballots could very likely be the hanging chads of 2012 . The battle over provisional ballots will take centre-stage where any election is close and a significant number of such ballots have been cast , ” Jocelyn Benson , law professor at Wayne State University in Detroit told The Daily Telegraph .
The “ hanging chad ” made election history in 2000 when George W. Bush won Florida , and in turn the presidency , by 537 votes after election officials debated which absentee ballots and punch ballots with hanging flaps could be counted .
The hanging chad analogy was also used to describe another contentious area , sloppy signatures on mail-in ballots .
In the critical swing states of Ohio and Florida , more than 20 % of voters chose the mail-in option in 2010 . In Colorado , another battleground , the number was nearly two-thirds .
But there may be controversy to come . For a variety of reasons , mail-in ballots are much more likely to be rejected than conventional , in-person votes and the election could be decided by election officials ' judgments about mail-in ballot signatures .
“ You would worry that in Florida , in particular , the new hanging chad becomes whether you count this absentee ballot or not based on whether the signature is right , ” said Charles Stewart III , co-director of the Voting Technology Project and a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor .
“ In the case of Florida , a lot of absentee ballots get rejected because of signature problems . That 's open for mischief , ” they said , noting poll workers could favor one side or the other .
Ohio rejected more than 14,000 mail-in ballots in 2010 , or 1.7 % of those sent in domestically , and Florida rejected close to 18,000 , or 1.4 % , according to the federal Electoral Assistance Commission survey . Both topped the national average of 1.3 % .
In Ohio , more than one million absentee ballots have arrived at election offices so far .
In Colorado , rejected absentee ballots made up 0.43 % of the total cast in the election . Polls here show a dead heat in the presidential election , so officials ' decisions about which ballots to reject could easily determine which way the state goes .
Meanwhile , the last days of early voting in Florida over the weekend were marked by long lines , a bomb scare , a flurry of lawsuits and general confusion .
The long lines were created in part by ballots as long as 12 pages ( six pages , both sides ) . Voters had to pick from the 12 candidates for president , including comedian Roseanne Barr , races for school board members , representatives for soil and water conservation districts , and the election of judges , as well as nearly a dozen proposed amendments — many of them wordy and confusing .
“ This is the longest ballot I can remember , ” Deborah Clark , the Pinellas County elections supervisor , told the Tampa Bay Times .
“ The voter who sees this ballot the first time may need smelling salts .
In New York state , an official suggested there could be an extra day of voting if counties affected by Superstorm Sandy had turnout of less than 25 % .
The incumbent Democratic president and their Republican challenger highlighted their sharp disagreements on the role of government in fixing problems from a stubbornly high unemployment rate to a $ 1 trillion-plus deficit . Amid a painfully slow recovery from the Great Recession , the economy is foremost on the minds of voters . The candidates ' opposing views on other issues from gay marriage to abortion have added to the divisive atmosphere .
“ This is not just a choice between two candidates or two parties . It is a choice between two visions , ” Mr. Obama told nearly 20,000 people in Wisconsin .
“ Our choice tomorrow is going to lead to very different outcomes , ” Mr. Romney said at a rally in Virginia .
A majority of polls in the battleground states — especially in Ohio and other Midwestern states of Iowa and Wisconsin— show Mr. Obama with a slight advantage . That gives them an easier path to the 270 electoral votes needed for victory .
The Associated Press , The Washington Post and Reuters
Note : For the latest news and advice regarding MLS Fantasy Soccer follow @ MLSFantasy
Round 18 of MLS Fantasy Soccer : Manager was similar to last week . This week 's high score was less than 100 points again , 96 to be exact , which is only two points more than the high score from last round . The average score this week was 42 points .
Eight players hit double-digits this week ; five forwards , two midfielders and one defender . Since there 's only room for three forwards on the Dream Team , Kei Kamara ( 12 points ) and Alan Gordon ( 10 points ) were left off . This is the first time three forwards have made the DT since Round 14 .
Round 18 Statistics
Most-Captained player : Graham Zusi ( 2,884 people )
Average Fantasy Score : 42 points
# teams that scored 0 goals : 3
# teams that scored 1 goals : 4
# teams that scored 2+ goals : 9
# clean sheets per round : 7 , 2 , 5 , 6 , 3 , 3 , 6 , 6 , 4 , 7 , 7 , 4 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 3
# goals scored per round : 24 , 21 , 17 , 16 , 22 , 16 , 14 , 22 , 27 , 17 , 41 , 29 , 27 , 26 , 16 , 25 , 17 , 27
Dream Team formation : ( 3-4-3 )
Top Player : Robbie Keane – 16 points
Defenders ( 3 )
Sheanon Williams has had at least a goal or an assist in their last three matches and has eclipsed the double-digit mark in each of them as well ( 13 , 12 , 11 ) . The Philadelphia Union do not have a bye until Round 31 , so you can feel comfortable adding them to your team at any point . He 's still hovering at $ 4.9m . The Union have five clean sheets this season and four have come in the past eight games .
It was n't a huge week otherwise for defenders . Jámison Olave and Aaron Maund rounded out the group with nine points each . The next best score was eight points .
Midfielders ( 4 )
It was n't an amazing week for midfielders either . Only two players ( Shea Salinas , Dillon Powers ) reached double-digits and only two others notched nine points ( Amobi Okugo , Yordany Álvarez ) . All four players made the DT this week .
Forwards ( 3 )
Robbie Keane stole the show this week with two assists and seven ( attacking ) bonus points . With five big chances created their score actually should 've been much higher . The lack of finishing for LA hurt their score .
Daniele Paponi ( two goals ) and Claudio Bieler ( one goal , one assist ) grabbed the other two spots this week . Paponi is owned by only 0.2 percent of owners and a sleeper in my opinion at $ 6.6m . He 's going to be starting opposite of Marco Di Vaio now that he 's healthy . In 283 minutes this season , they have two goals and one assist . Keep your eye on him .
Bieler has two goals and two assists in their last four games . With some favorable matchups in the coming weeks , he 's a forward that you should consider adding to you squad , especially with Graham Zusi back in the mix . Here are some other forwards you should consider .
Goalkeeper – Brad Knighton ( 9 points )
One of the biggest surprises of the weekend , had it not been for their opponent , was Vancouver notching a clean sheet . Luis Robles also came away with a nine-point effort , but Knighton recorded their first . This was Knighton 's first clean sheet of the season and their first DT appearance as well . The Whitecaps recorded just their second clean sheet in 2013 and their first since March 2 .
Congratulations to Steve Vasilevitski ( Spartak ) who finished Round 18 with 96 points . Steve got solid production across the board , but reaped major benefits by captaining Robbie Keane ( 32 points ) . Their 10 remaining players averaged a respectable 6.4 points .
* Dream Team subject to change . All point totals are finalized Wednesday for Rounds ending on Sunday .
Some of the loudest cheering for Sunday 's historic deal to create an egalitarian prayer space at Judaism 's holiest site , the Western Wall , came from 7,000 miles away .
Reform and Conservative leaders in America called it the Israeli government 's first serious step to honor religious plurality in Israel , where the ultra Orthodox largely control Jewish expression in the public sphere .
“ It is a statement that at the holiest site in Judaism there is room for everyone no matter what your beliefs or your practices are , ” said Rabbi Rick Jacobs , president of the Union for Reform Judaism .
“ This will be for the historians to determine whether or not this was a watershed event , ” said Rabbi Steve Wernick , the chief executive officer of the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism . “ For us living in this moment now , today we celebrate , tomorrow we get back to work . ”
The Israeli government plan invests some 35 million shekels ( near $ 9 million ) into the creation of a plaza that will be open to worshippers regardless of gender .
It will be located just south of the existing Orthodox prayer area at the Kotel , which is divided into male and female sections , and will be about 10,000 square feet , half the size of the Orthodox section .
Naomi Zeveloff Susan Silverman and other members of Women of the Wall celebrate Kotel deal Sunday . Share
Pinterest
Email
The site 's entrance is just as crucial as the plaza itself .
From the main security entrance , the Orthodox section of the wall and the pluralist plaza will be equally visible , allowing visitors to choose freely where to worship .
The government approval follows more than three years of discussion with the Reform and Conservative movements , the Jewish Agency for Israel and the Women of the Wall , an activist group that has been protesting for women 's prayer rights at the Western Wall since the 1980s .
While the Orthodox area will continue to be maintained by the Western Wall Heritage Foundation , the pluralistic site will have its own governance committee . It will be chaired by Natan Sharansky , head of the Jewish Agency for Israel , with representatives from the Reform and Conservative movements , Women of the Wall and others .
“ We have been fighting for 27 years . We were single when we started , we are grandmothers now , ” said Anat Hoffman , president of Women of the Wall , at a press conference near the Western Wall on Sunday afternoon .
“ What we have done is liberate another part of the wall that will be open to all and tolerant and friendly . ”
“ I want to say what an extraordinary day this is for bat mitzvah girls who will have a place where they can celebrate in dignity and honor , and for the mothers and grandmothers who can pray with them and not be pushed aside , and for their fathers who can stand there and take pleasure , ” said Batya Kallus , a board member and one of the founders of Women of the Wall .
Women of the Wall will not stop its weekly protest to allow full religious expression for women until the site is fully built , members said . It 's unclear just when that will happen . According to members of Women of the Wall , the government has 45 days to come up with a comprehensive plan for the site , including a timeline .
In the meantime , Jewish leaders in America are celebrating .
“ It is being received as an affirmation of the bonds between the Jewish people in Israel and the diaspora , ” said Jacobs .
Contact Naomi Zeveloff at Zeveloff @ forward.com or on Twitter @ NaomiZeveloff
This story `` American Reform and Conservative Jews Hail Western Wall 's 'Liberation ' '' was written by Naomi Zeveloff .
During a torrential downpour , a woman , later identified as Emma Parker , confusedly staggers into a store as the butcher receives a delivery . After several attempts to address her , they finally respond and explains that the foul weather has strongly affected them The butcher says that it will get worse before it gets better , and they purchase groceries . As they leave the store , they see a poster that advertises missing teenage girls . Before they can reach their car , they begin bleeding from their mouth and loses consciousness after striking their head against a structure as they fall into a rain-filled ditch , where they drown .
Later , the sheriff tells Frank Parker that their wife , Emma , has died . Consumed by grief , Frank does not show up to identify the body but instead sends their two daughters , Rose and Iris . Doctor Barrow , who delivered Frank 's young son Rory , explains that an autopsy is mandated by the state . During the examination , they find evidence of what they believe being Parkinson 's disease . Meanwhile , Frank is comforted by their kindhearted neighbor Marge , and , while driving through the storm later , finds a motorist in need of assistance ; the film implies that Frank attacks them with a tire iron .
Interspersed are scenes from a book the oldest daughter is reading , a journal of the family from pioneer times telling of hunger and hardship in the winter . The men of the party have mostly been lost in the wilderness , and the women may not survive the winter .
Rose and Iris debate whether they are prepared to take over their mother 's religious duties , but Iris is adamant that they perform this year 's ritual . Rory , too , has trouble keeping the family 's past . Eventually , Rory wanders into their father 's shed and finds a young woman held hostage . Frank angrily demands that Rory leave , then forces their daughters to kill and butcher the captive . They reluctantly obey , and the entire family eats their remains after a bit of urging from Frank . Marge attempts to deliver a vegetarian meal to the Parkers , noting they think they heard a woman crying in the shed , but they receive an icy welcome from Iris .
Back in pioneer times the family has taken shelter in a cave , but the girls fear the father is losing their mind , keeping to themselves in the depths of the cave and crying at night . Eventually they lead the girls down to where they have been keeping their only food source , one of the women in the party who died ( possibly their mother ) , tied to a rack with pieces cut off of them they hand their oldest daughter a knife and points to the carcass . They are grim and resolute .
Barrow , whose daughter previously went missing , becomes suspicious when they find a bone fragment in a creek . Though Sheriff Meeks brushes off their concerns , Barrow is able to convince Deputy Anders to investigate . Anders finds more evidence in the creek , only to be confronted by Iris , on whom they have a crush . As Barrow realizes Parkinson 's disease 's symptoms are actually similar to Kuru disease , which is associated with cannibalism , Iris leads Anders to a secluded spot , and Anders confesses their feelings for them Confused and overwhelmed with guilt , Iris breaks into tears . As Anders comforts her , they begin to have sex , but Frank finds them and kills Anders . Disgusted , they tell Iris to return home .
Frank orders the girls to stay in their bedroom , and they form a plan to escape . Frank prays alone in their room , muttering that they have kept their tradition and will be joining their mother soon . While Frank recites prayers , Rose takes the car keys . When Frank prepares dinner , they take a jar full of powder and adds it to the soup . As the children set the table , Rose notices white powder residue and realizes Frank is planning to poison them with arsenic . They unsuccessfully attempt to alert Iris , then knocks Rory 's bowl on the floor to prevent them from eating . Before Frank can react , Barrow , whose research has turned up evidence that the Parkers may have engaged in cannibalism , arrives at the home and confronts Frank , demanding to know what happened to Anders and their daughter , whose hair ornament they see Iris is wearing . Frank stalls for time as they reach for their pistol , and Iris jumps in front of Barrow to protect him . Frank accidentally wounds their daughter , and Barrow shoots Frank .
Frank survives and knocks out Barrow . Rose and Rory flee the house in a panic , and they take refuge with Marge . Frank breaks into Marge 's house and kills her , then convinces Rose and Rory to rejoin him . Back at Frank 's house , they again urge their children to eat . When they tell Rose that they look like their deceased mother , Rose bites into their father 's neck , tearing away a chunk of their flesh , while Iris stabs their father through the hand . Together , the girls bite into him , ripping away their flesh and devouring it until their father dies . Rose notices Barrow , barely conscious , has witnessed the whole thing , and they place their daughter 's stolen hair ornament on their chest . The next morning , the children leave town , and Rose brings a diary that details their ancestor 's memories of cannibalism , implying their tradition will live on .
On its way to a 2-0 win over Panama in Seattle , the Americans held down the middle channel . Michael Bradley 's performance was especially influential , writes ASN tactical analyst Liviu Bird .
BY Liviu Bird Posted
June 12 , 2013
8:41 AM SHARE THIS STORY
Despite some lineup shuffling , the United States turned in its most complete performance to date under head coach Jurgen Klinsmann in its 2-0 win over Panama on Tuesday . In fact , the two changes to the starting lineup played major roles in the victory . Geoff Cameron held down the middle with Michael Bradley in the U.S. 's 4-2-3-1 , while Eddie Johnson provided the killer blow with the second goal of the game . Panama , playing 4-1-4-1 , could not gain a hold of the middle of the field . Panama left winger Alberto Quintero had the most success of the visiting players , going at right back Brad Evans all game long on their home turf . The Seattle Sounders ' man had a rough night , struggling defensively to contain Quintero . However , the U.S. 's stronghold in the middle made up for any success Panama found on the flanks .
Michael Bradley is the Man
Michael Bradley has been the key for the American midfield for some time now , but their style and ability are much easier to appreciate in person than on television . Their movement off the ball is sublime ; they are always in the correct position , providing proper supportive angles and getting the ball off teammates.He never panics on the ball , and it shows in their final passing statistics each match . On Tuesday , Bradley was 78-for-85 in passing , not including corner kicks—and 31-for-32 in the attacking half . Cameron played an important supporting role for Bradley , holding in front of the back four as Bradley ventured forward . Cameron made seven interceptions and recovered 11 loose balls , including one that led directly to the first U.S. goal .
Quick Counter Buries Panama
Cameron , Bradley , Fabian Johnson , and Jozy Altidore combined on the first U.S. goal . It took just 10 seconds to get from 40 yards in front of the American goal , where Cameron won the ball , to Altidore 's finishing touch inside Panama 's six-yard box .
When Cameron recovers the ball , Bradley is still drifting in open space from the last time they pressed up . Because Panama 's line is flat , it is easy for them to find a gap in it to receive the ball . With one simple pass , Cameron beats three defenders , and the U.S. counter-attack is on .
Bradley sees the opportunity and gets going at pace . At this point , it 's Dempsey 's responsibility to either provide a good outlet or clear space for Bradley to dribble . They do both by beginning their run wide . Eddie Johnson is also an option at this point , but Bradley has no pressure , so they have no reason to get rid of the ball yet . Panama right back Leonel Parris begins stepping to Bradley , and Fabian Johnson begins to bend their run around Parris ' defensive running path . Players often make the mistake of giving the ball up too soon in this situation , but Bradley has the acumen and composure to keep the ball . That allows the play to develop in front of him , and they can pick theirs option .
Roman Torres steps from the back line , cutting out the dribble . Amilcar Henriquez cuts off the passing lane to Dempsey . Parris closes down on Bradley 's left—leaving a gap that Fabian Johnson is running toward . Having committed a defender , now is the correct time to give up the ball .
Meanwhile , Altidore has been waiting for the right opportunity to cut in from the right flank . In Washington against Germany , they similarly drifted wide to open up spaces for himself , leading to their first U.S. goal since November 2011 . Carlos Rodriguez marks them closely in this situation , and Altidore needs to get some separation . A well-placed , nearly incidental , shove creates enough daylight between them and their defender that Altidore is effectively open .
Altidore 's Hold-Up Play
Fabian Johnson whips in an inch-perfect ball , curling along the carpet and away from goalkeeper Jaime Penedo 's reach , and Altidore just has to let it hit them and slide into the goal.Before their goal and at points after , Altidore was a pest in the middle of the field . They are starting to learn how to use their superior physical stature positively , to get between defenders and the ball and hold it up for their teammates . It 's the classic target-striker responsibility , but it requires an agile mind and body .
In this example , as the ball travels toward him , Altidore has to get in front . Using the same subtle physicality as they do on their goal , they round the defender while the ball is in motion , ending up between them and the ball .
A Full 90
The defender , Torres , stabs in on the tackle , and Altidore is in behind . They end up having a legitimate penalty claim denied , but even if Torres stands them up , Altidore is in a good position to hold them off and wait for support . They can then lay the ball off , spin , and run at goal.A common slogan at Sounders matches is “ Give Us Your Full 90 , ” imploring fans to stand and cheer for the whole game . That could have been flipped for Tuesday 's match against Panama , where the U.S. played a solid 90-minute game for the first time in recent history . Even when Panama was on the attack , the danger seemed ephemeral . Panama never seemed likely to score . Officially , Tim Howard made two saves , but neither required anywhere near a full effort . Klinsmann likes to talk about consistency . Tuesday 's result is something to build on moving forward , toward another match-up with Honduras next week , which embarrassed the U.S. in San Pedro Sula at the start of qualifiers . Liviu Bird is a freelance journalist based in Seattle . They are also American Soccer Now 's resident tactical expert . Follow them on Twitter
I 'm a life science graduate that discovered the satisfaction of programming when your code finally works . I have created full-stack applications using the MERN and LAMP stack , utilizing public APIs to create single-page applications , and transforming PSDs to responsive websites . I am continuously looking for new things to learn and improve on , below are some useful resources I 've used .
A recommended series called You Do n't Know JavaScript by Kyle Simpson focusing on the core mechanics of JavaScript and ES6 Another highly recommended book called Eloquent JavaScript that explores JavaScript by Marijn Haverbeke HTML & CSS : Design and Build WebSites is an introductory book to HTML and CSS by Jon Duckett FreeCodeCamp is an online curriculum built by the community to introduce web development and provide project ideas
Come check out my Profile ! is an online curriculum built by the community to introduce web development and provide project ideas
For Immediate Release : January 20 , 2016
TOKYO – Ric O'Barry , recipient of the prestigious Bambi Award and star of the Oscar winning documentary “ The Cove ” was detained by Japanese immigration officials at Tokyo 's Narita International Airport on Monday . After arriving into Tokyo at approximately 4:45 p.m. , O'Barry was repeatedly interrogated , and placed in a deportees ' facility , similar to a jail , where they have been held for over 32 hours .
According to their lawyer , Takashi Takano , O'Barry was told they could n't enter Japan on a tourist visa as their tourist status was not “ fully proven. ” Officials also accused them of making “ The Cove ” movie , as well as being related to Sea Shepherd , an anti-poaching organization . O'Barry has denied both accusations .
Takano has filed a formal objection , with the decision to allow O'Barry into the country or deport them to be made by the Japanese government . Authorities have refused to provide Takano with information to support their decision , and O'Barry 's refutal has not been accepted . While they are detained for questioning every time they visit Japan , nothing of this magnitude has ever happened before .
Upon learning of O'Barry 's predicament , Congressman Ted Lieu 's office contacted the State Department , which confirmed O'Barry 's detention .
The Japanese government is cracking down on those who oppose their war on dolphins , ” O'Barry said , through their son , Lincoln O'Barry . “ I feel I am being used as a figurehead representing all Western activists . ”
Continues Lincoln O'Barry :
This is a desperate attempt by the Japanese Government to hide the atrocities in Taiji . They have run out of excuses on why the slaughter and sale of mercury contaminated dolphin meat continues . Dolphin hunting in Taiji began in the 1950 's and is hardly cultural or traditional . The dolphins that are n't slaughtered are sold to dolphin abusement parks around the world . ”
The 76-year old Founder/Director of Dolphin Project and former trainer for the TV series “ Flipper ” was arrested last August for allegedly not carrying a passport . After spending a night in jail , all charges against them were dropped when police discovered the passport in the car O'Barry was driving .
Dolphin Project Cove Monitors are on the ground in Taiji throughout the killing season , documenting and disseminating information . The team has always operated within the Japanese legal system .
A number of high-profile celebrities , including U.S . Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy , Harry Styles , Maisie Williams , Yoko Ono , Ben Stiller , former Guns N ' Roses drummer Matt Sorum and Sting support O'Barry in their work .
Ric O'Barry 's Dolphin Project and our legal team are going to challenge the deportation as well as the dolphin hunt . Please consider donating to help us in this fight . We can not let Japan hide what happens in Taiji . The world is watching . The hashtag # IStandWithRicOBarry is starting to trend .
Please help with our legal defense fund :
About Ric O'Barry 's Dolphin Project : Ric O'Barry 's Dolphin Project is a non-profit charitable organization , dedicated to the welfare and protection of dolphins worldwide . Founded by Richard ( Ric ) O'Barry on Earth Day , April 22 , 1970 , the organization aims to educate the public about captivity and , where feasible , free captive dolphins . The mission of the Dolphin Project is to end dolphin exploitation and slaughter , as dolphins are routinely captured , harassed , slaughtered and sold into captivity around the world – all in the name of profit . Dolphin Project works not only to halt these slaughters but also to rehabilitate captive dolphins , investigate and advocate for economic alternatives to dolphin slaughter exploitation and to put a permanent end to dolphin captivity . This work has been chronicled in films such as , ‘ A Fall From Freedom , ' the Oscar-winning documentary ‘ The Cove , ' and in the Animal Planet mini-series , ‘ Blood Dolphin $ .
There are 46 projects which have been identified by NHAI as languishing with a total length of these projects is 4,860 km . covering a total project cost of Rs 51,338 crore . Out of 46 , issues have been resolved in 27 cases whereas issues on 19 projects are yet to be sorted out .
Reasons responsible for project delays :
Advertising
Lack of equity with the concessionaire : In several sections ( e.g . Motihari-Raxaul section , Rohtak-Jind section , Gurgaon-Kotputli-Jaipur section , Haridwar-Dehradun section ) , the lack of equity with the concessionaires has delayed the projects much beyond the scheduled completion date . In some projects , this has also resulted in the bankers not disbursing even the loan sanctioned at financial close .
Diversion of funds : In few cases the physical progress of work is not commensurate with the financial progress . These are likely cases where the funds may not have been utilised towards the projects and concessionaires are finding it difficult to bring back the funds so diverted .
Delays due to reasons not attributable to the concessionaire : The Authority has also defaulted in fulfilling its conditions precedent in a number of cases due to land acquisition , environment /forest clearance /utility shifting /RoB issues . In cases like Rimoli-Roxy-Rajamunda , delay in forest clearance has turned the project unviable and therefore has to be terminated and re-bid .
Advertising
Refusal of banks to accept first charge of NHAI : For any languishing highway project in BOT ( toll/annuity ) mode that has achieved at least 50 per cent physical completion , NHAI will provide financial assistance to complete the project subject to first charge on the toll/annuity receivables of these projects . However , the banks have refused to accept the first charge of NHAI and therefore no progress in implementation of this policy to complete languishing projects is being achieved .
High cost of interest during construction ( IDC ) : The cost of construction in case of delay , whether due to concessionaire or the Authority , results in increase in the cost of debt which turns the project unviable . In case of termination due to delay by concessionaire during the construction period , there , too , is no termination payment .
Difficulty in obtaining additional debt in stalled projects : In projects where the concessionaire is already faced with delays , there is no possibility of obtaining additional debt to complete the project as the account in many cases may have already turned NPA .
Overleveraged balance sheet of the developers anticipating high level of growth . The economic downturn seen in the last few years has caused revenue realisation at a much lower rate than was anticipated . Many developers have taken future obligation which created difficulties in debt servicing .
Stress on the existing road infrastructure loan portfolios of FIs : Reduced revenue realisation due to economic slowdown affected debt servicing by the concessionaire as the contracted debt servicing obligations could not be met with the existing revenue . As the sector got affected , the lenders debt portfolio for roads came to have a disproportionally high level of debts . NPAs saddled banks with additional capital adequacy requirements , provisioning demands and income recognition restrictions .
Long period of revenue collection : The current practice of financing large infrastructure projects based on revenue streams spread over 20 to 30 years , but with project debt having tenure of 10 to 15 years , is also unsustainable .
Debt sanctioned by banks higher than total project cost estimated by NHAI : Because the project debt is based on the developer 's cost estimates , which is , on an average , 35 per cent more than the NHAI project cost , the lenders are exposed to a higher risk particularly in the event of termination of the concession agreement , wherein NHAI guarantees compensation based on its own appraised project cost and not the developer 's estimate .
Corporate debt restructuring has been affected in many SPV debt : Concessionaires unable to service debt have to propose to the lenders to restructure the debt : While the first restructuring exercise is permitted by lenders without any adverse asset classifications , any exercise going forward automatically affects the asset classifications in the books of lenders . A second restructuring necessarily requires that the debt be classified as non performing .
Sector exposure norms of FIs getting exhausted : With the debt obligations mounting on account of debt repayment deferment , sector exposure increased , reaching exposure norms for this sector .
Higher cost of financing : The lenders who provide major part of financing in the form of debt are concerned with the downside risks which influences the project progress and debt serving capability and consequently to mitigate the risk of financing have enhanced the cost of lending to the sector .
Advertising
Bond market for infrastructure financing : The Bond market can provide a viable option for long term financing . Under the Infrastructure Debt Fund , Banks have to accept the first charge of Infrastructure Debt Funds on termination payment . As projects have been financed at a much higher cost than the NHAI total project cost , the debt due may not cover the complete senior debt leading to resistance of banks to first charge of Infrastructure Debt Funds .
Bees and other pollinators use scents to track down fresh flowers . Air pollutants can weaken or even scramble those scents . Scientists had worried that this might make it harder for some pollinators to find a meal . And indeed , a new study concludes , in some cases it could quadruple the pollinators ' effort .
Many animals help pollinate plants . They do this by bringing grains of pollen from one plant 's male parts to the female parts of another plant . Species that do this includes bees , butterflies , moths and beetles . But for many reasons , the pollinators available to help plants in this way have been declining . Scientists think that a loss of habitat — good places to live — could be one factor . Diseases , parasites and exposure to certain pesticides also may be playing some role .
Jose Fuentes points to air pollution as yet another possible factor . He 's an atmospheric scientist at Pennsylvania State University in University Park . In an earlier study , they showed that some air pollutants could weaken or destroy scents given off by flowers . If the pollinators ca n't smell the blooms , they may have to bumble around longer searching for lunch .
Foraging for a meal leaves pollinators out in the open and at risk of becoming some other animal 's lunch . And any time spent hunting food is time away from their duties back home , such as protecting a hive or nest , explains T'ai Roulston . They are an insect biologist at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville . Roulston worked with Fuentes on the new study .
The team decided to probe how pollution might affect the lunch break bees would take from a hive . The group used a computer to model scent changes in response to various polluting chemicals in the air . Their data now indicate bees and other insects could take longer — much longer — to find and follow scents to a meal . The scientists have just shared their findings in the July 1 issue of Atmospheric Environment .
What the computer predicted
Flowering plants emit gases that perfume the air . The fragrant molecules disperse and create a scented plume . Like a game of hot and cold , pollinators use their antennae to follow the gradient , always looking for where the scent strengthens . A strong scent means they are closing in on a bloom . A weaker scent means they 're drifting off course .
Female brown-belted bumblebee collecting pollen from purple clover . The large orange bundle on its hind leg is pollen . Tom Koerner/USFWS / Flickr ( CC BY 2.0 )
The researchers focused on five representative floral scent molecules . One molecule they looked at , for example , is called beta-myrcene ( BAY-tuh MER-seen ) . A number of blooms emit this chemical into the air . Among them : snapdragons , purple coneflower , parsley , hops and certain citrus plants . Normally , this gas can travel some 800 meters ( 0.5 miles ) from its flower source . But in polluted air , this same molecule could travel only half as far . Changes to beta-myrcene and other scent molecules as they interacted with the pollutants meant that insects would have to spend longer in search of a meal .
About 50 percent of foraging insects can sniff out a particular scented plume in 15 minutes if the air was clean . But the same insects could take an hour , the computer predicts , to find the scent plume when air is moderately polluted with ozone . Ozone is one of the primary irritants in urban smog . And the level of ozone considered here would be typical for a major U.S. city on a hot summer day , notes Fuentes .
These findings give scientists clues about what may be going on in nature , says James Blande . They are a chemical ecologist at the University of Eastern Finland in northern Europe . They are n't involved with this research . Still , they say , “ it 's important to test these assumptions in real world experiments before drawing any firm conclusions . ”
But air pollution might do more than just weaken scent plumes . Chemical reactions between air pollutants and plumes may transform the blooms ' fragrances , creating new scents . And these scents may be unrecognizable to pollinators .
That 's certainly Fuentes ' concern . So , they say their next research project will be to look at how insects deal with any new floral scent . “ It is possible that some insects will evolve ways to detect and use these new molecules to find food , ” they say .
The Yelp web site . ( Photo : Richard Vogel , AP )
A California restaurant is taking on Yelp in a bid to be removed from the site over a co-owner 's concerns about whether advertisers get better reviews , which the company denies .
Botto Bistro 's attention-getting plea to customers : Give us a one-star rating ! Please !
Yelp has repeatedly said that the company does n't interfere with reviews and that businesses that advertise on the site are not treated differently from those that do n't — even though a federal court ruled this month that there is nothing wrong with that , anyway . Software filters the reviews to determine ratings and it does not distinguish between those businesses who advertise and those who do n't , the company says .
Yelp had not responded to efforts to contact the company for comment as of late Wednesday night Eastern Time .
In an interview with USA TODAY , Botto Bistro co-owner Davide Cerretini declares , `` I want to have the worst restaurant in the San Francisco area ! ''
Botto Bistro , in Richmond near Berkeley , has launched a deliberate attempt to show the world that the restaurant does n't care what the world thinks of its Italian cuisine — at least the world according to Yelp . And it seems like a good way for the restaurant to get booted from the site , Cerretini figures .
`` I 'm surprised we are still around on the site , '' they say . The restaurant , run by Cerretini and fellow Tuscany native Michele Massimo , has been openly mocking Yelp for about six months .
`` We have nothing to lose , '' Cerretini adds . `` Worst case , we go back to Italy and cook for mama . ''
Reviewers on Yelp as of Wednesday night are getting in on the act , with one-star reviewer Mark T. snarkily noting : `` My food arrived before I wanted it to come . It was too hot to eat . It brought back all kinds of terrible memories of eating in Italy . ''
Darrin Z. tacks this on to their one-star review of the San Francisco-area eatery : `` I have been here at least 20 times and it is still terrible . ''
One-star reviewer David S. goes over-the-top negative , noting : `` The primary attraction was the small wildlife wandering across the table and I 'm pretty sure only the flies on the table enjoyed the meal . Took a doggy bag home ; the dog refused it . ''
The restaurant 's average rating as of Wednesday night is 2 1/2 out of 5 stars , with about 100 `` recommended '' reviews displayed .
Yelp , based in downtown San Francisco , 15 miles from the restaurant , has been a review powerhouse for several years . Its CEO Jeremy Stoppelman is open about their own reviews of businesses on Yelp . One of them included a diss of a now-closed restaurant of Massimo 's , Cerretini says .
Cerretini got fed up with what they say were constant phone calls — as many as 15 to 20 a week , they say — from Yelp asking that the restaurant advertise on the site . They say they noticed a pattern that when they did advertise with Yelp — the restaurant paid about $ 270 a month for six months last year , Cerretini says — the reviews were more positive . But as soon as the restaurant stopped advertising , they say , three bad reviews quickly popped up and a positive review vanished .
They say they have nothing against Yelp — he 's just fighting fire with fire .
`` You have to look at this way , my friend — this is business , '' Cerretini says .
Making matters worse — or better — for Botto Bistro is its 25 % -off offer for customers who write a one-star review . Cerretini says that prompted an e-mail from someone only identified as `` Marvin '' from Yelp Support . The e-mail , published on a San Francisco area website , Inside Scoop SF , and dated Monday , cites `` complaints from the community that you may be offering incentives in exchange for reviews . ''
Emphasizing that they and Massimo are `` chefs , not cooks '' and their food is great , Cerretini gets a laugh out of Botto Bistro 's own Yelp profile , which declares , `` Bad Tuscan food , bad customer service and horrible attitude . ''
Cerretini is n't aware of other restaurants using similar tactics to battle with Yelp . They say they are receiving a large number of supportive e-mails as word spreads about their one-star campaign .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1ubel9S
Behind in the polls this fall , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper pulled a leaf out of a globally popular playbook and tried to divert attention away from Canada 's faltering economy by injecting a hefty dose of Islamophobia into the campaign . The specific issue was a trumped-up controversy over whether Muslim women should be allowed to wear a niqab ( a kind of full head covering ) during official citizenship ceremonies — a topic that almost never arises in context , but that served as a stand-in for larger anxieties about Islam in Canada . And initially it worked . Harper 's party rose in the polls , and their main rival fell .
But now that the polls are closed , it 's clear that Harper has lost — by a wide margin — to Justin Trudeau 's Liberal Party . And it seems the niqab issue played a crucial role .
A very quick introduction to Canadian politics
To understand what happened , you need to know a few basic facts about Canadian politics and society :
There are three main parties : Harper 's Conservatives on the right , Trudeau 's Liberals on the center left , and Tom Mulcair 's NDP on the left .
The NDP is strongest in Quebec , where most people speak French and where the political culture is a bit more France-like than what you see in Anglophone Canada .
The NDP has never governed Canada , but thanks to its incredibly strong Quebec performance in the previous federal election it entered the 2015 campaign as the No . 2 party after decades stuck in No . 3 .
Harper had governed Canada since 2006 and won three elections , but they were never very popular . Their Conservatives ranged from 36 percent of the vote to 40 percent of the vote but became the largest party in parliament due to vote splitting .
The niqab issue hurt the NDP
The basic niqab gambit was clever .
The NDP 's mission in the election was to break out of its base among Francophones and get progressively minded English speakers to abandon the Liberal Party and embrace the NDP as the true voice of change in Canada . That led Mulcair to oppose Harper on the niqab issue , as a defender of the kind of pro-multiculturalism sentiments generally found on the English-speaking left . But it was a very unpopular stance in Quebec , whose voters are left-wing on economic issues but tend to adhere to rigid , French-style ideas about secularism that often create flashpoints with Muslim communities .
By elevating the niqab issue , Harper succeeded in eroding the NDP 's standing in Quebec with the party losing votes primarily to the separatist Bloc Québécois which joined Harper on the anti-niqab bandwagon .
Hurting the NDP turned out to be counterproductive
But Harper 's plan backfired .
The decline of the NDP in Quebec undermined the argument that anti-Harper voters everywhere should hop on the Mulcair bandwagon . It made the Liberals look like the most effective anti-Harper vehicle , and since the Liberals are both more ideologically moderate and have a longer tradition as a major party , there are lots of Canadians who are just instinctually more comfortable with them . This allowed the Liberals to consolidate the anti-Harper vote in the giant province of Ontario as well as smaller provinces east of Quebec , greatly reducing the vote splitting that had been the key to Harper 's earlier electoral triumphs .
Canada 's been the same nice , polite country all along
The whole idea of winning an election with hard-edged cultural war wedge issues does n't sound very Canadian , so there 's something reassuring about knowing that it did n't work .
The larger issue is that the interaction of multi-party politics with a set of political institutions that combine first-past-the-post voting with a lack of checks and balances has created an odd situation in Canada . Harper has had a very successful career in Canadian politics without ever being especially popular or inducing the median voter to support their party . Instead , he 's proven themselves to be a cagey master of the art of divide and conquer ( read about the 2008 proroguement crisis for a really zany example ) .
The strategic deployment of the niqab issue to undermine their main opponent by boosting support for Quebec nationalism was a brilliant example of it . In this case , it just happened to work too well — letting the Liberals reemerge as the main opposition party and solidifying much of the anti-Harper vote . Trudeau has promised , among other things , to reform Canada 's voting system , which , if it happens , could put an end to the era in which this kind of skill is so important in Canadian politics .
Apple 's iOS 7 operating system update is expected to be shown off for the first time during the keynote at WWDC 2013 , but a recent report suggested the platform 's launch may be delayed . Apple engineers are reportedly working on a major overhaul of iOS 's user interface , and it is seemingly taking longer than expected to refine and “ flatten ” the interface . According to multiple reports from reporters with nearly impeccable track records , however , Apple has pulled engineers away from OS X to help work on iOS 7 and the new mobile OS update will launch on time .
“ Yes , yes — it 's essentially a repeat of the iPhone/Leopard scenario , ” an unnamed source told AllThingsD 's John Paczkowski . “ Not as much of a fire drill , though . It will ship on time. ” The source was referring to Apple 's decision in 2007 to have OS X engineers help with the development of “ iPhone OS ” in order to ensure that the first iPhone would ship on time .
In a subsequent report , The Loop 's Jim Dalrymple confirmed that iOS 7 will indeed launch on time . The new OS is expected to become available to developers following Apple 's WWDC 2013 keynote on June 10th , and to the public in or around September alongside the release of Apple 's next iPhone , the iPhone 5S .
Multiple reports suggest iOS 7 will feature a major redesign that removes much of the skeuomorphic design elements and textures in previous versions of iOS and replaces them with a flatter and more modern user interface . According to one recent report , the new look of iOS 7 will be no more difficult to use than current versions , though its look may be “ unsettling ” to longtime iOS users .
Class Wargames Presents Guy Debord 's The Game of War
Class Wargames ' film is a 21st century treatise on revolutionary strategy in the cybernetic age . Inspired by Alice Becker-Ho and Guy Debord 's The Game of War , this movie analyses the modern conditions of neo-liberal capitalism and the methods required to transcend it . Utilising both classical military theory and the political insights of Situationism , this film provides an insurrectionary manual for those struggling to build a truly human civilisation .
Reviews
Stewart Home , The “ Game of War ” film at the HTTP Gallery
“ Proletarian post-modern variants on the hoary tradition of mock praise are a groove sensation ! ”
John Wyver , A Ludic Lesson in Class Warfare
“ … a hugely unlikely but provocative conjunction of wargames , revolutionary theory , classic movie clips ‘ turned ' against themselves and leftist politics leavened with dry humour . ”
Scott Lenney , Class War : The Game : The Movie
“ … what the film insists on , again and again , is that one must play the game for oneself . Understanding the concepts is not sufficient , because unlike games that attempt to extract themselves from the social , [ The ] Game of War allows for spontaneous , unmanaged expressions that at the very least , make it a worthwhile pursuit . ”
Gary Mitchell , Turn On , June In , Drop Out
“ … the sort of neo-Marxist clap-trap [ that ] some guys spouted at Uni [ versity ] in the [ 19 ] 70s to impress the chicks … ”
Film Script Pamphlet Launch
Collective Playing of The Game of War
Housmans Bookshop , London , England , 28th October 2012 .
Talk on Film Script Pamphlet by Fabian Tompsett and Richard Barbrook
Housmans Bookshop , London , England , 31st October 2012 .
Book Lecture
Talk about Class Wargames : ludic subversion against spectacular capitalism by Richard Barbrook
The Old Power Station/Elektro Ljubljana , Ljubljana , Slovenia , 22nd April 2015 .
Interviews
Osmi Dan RTV 4 Slovenia Interviews Class Wargames
Aksioma Gallery , Ljubljana , Slovenia , 22nd April–9th May 2015 .
Studio City RTV 4 Slovenia Talks With Class Wargames
Aksioma Gallery , Ljubljana , Slovenia , 22nd April–9th May 2015 . Interview starts at 33 minutes and 37 seconds .
Class Wargames in Haldon Forest
Centre for Contemporary Art and the Natural World , Exeter , England , 18th August 2012 .
Class Wargames Interviews Kimathi Donkor
Invisible Forces , Furtherfield Gallery , London , England , 16th June-11th August 2012 .
Class Wargames at the 2011 Anarchist Bookfair
Queen Mary 's College , London , England , 27th October 2011 .
Class Wargames at the 2010 Anarchist Bookfair
Queen Mary 's College , London , England , 23rd October 2010 .
Class Wargames at the Wunderbar Festival
Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art , Gateshead , England , 14th November 2009 .
Class Wargames at Cyberfest 2008
State Hermitage Museum , St. Petersburg , Russia , 28th November 2008 .
Cyberwar
Ilze Black 's audiovisual meditation on the information battlefield , March 2011 .
Play the film
Elena – a tribute
Elena Mikhailovna Duffield ( née Vorontsova ) 1975-2012 .
Class Wargames salutes the memory of our much missed fallen comrade .
Ilze Black made this video tribute to Elena .
Play the film
Class Wargames представляет : Игра в войну Ги Дебора
Фильм Class Wargames — это современный трактат о революционной стратегии в эпоху кибернетики . Фильм , навеянный « Игрой в войну » Алис Беккер и Ги Дебора , анализирует современные условия неолиберального капитализма и методы , необходимые для его преодоления . С привлечением как классической военной теории , так и понятия Ситуационизма , фильм предлагает руководство к бунту для тех , кто борется за построение воистину гуманной цивилизации .
Смотреть фильм
Class Wargames piedāvā Gīja Debora Kara Spēli
Class Wargames filma ir 21.gadsimta revolucionārās stratēģijas apcerējums kibernētikas laikmetā . Alises Bekeres-Ho un Gīja Debora Kara Spēles iedvesmā , šī filma analizē modernā , neo-liberālā kapitālisma stāvokli un metodes tā pārvarēšanai . Apvienojot klasisko militāro teoriju ar Situacionistu politisko izpratni šī filma ir kā rokasgrāmata tiem kas mēģina uzbūvēt patiesi humānu civilizāciju .
Spēlēt Filmu
Klasowe Gry Wojenne przedstawia Gra Wojenna Guy Deborda
Klasowe gry wojenne jest XXI -wiecznym traktatem o rewolucyjnej startegii w dobie cybernetyki . Zainspirowany przez Alice Becker-Ho oraz Grę wojenną Guy ' a Deborda , ten film analizuje nowoczesne warunki neoliberalnego kapitalizmu oraz methody niezbędne do jego przekroczenia . Wykorzystując zarówno klasyczną teorię militarną jak i polityczny wgląd jaki dał na sytuacjonizm , film ten dostarcza powstańczej instruckji tym którzy walczą o budowę prawdziwie ludzkiej cywilizacji .
Obejrzyj film
Class Wargames Spielt Guy Debords Kriegspiel
Der Film von Class Wargames ist ein Traktat über revolutionäre Strategie im kybernetischen Zeitalter des 21 . Jahrhunderts . Inspiriert von Alice Becker-Hos und Guy Debords Kriegspiel analysiert dieser Film die modernen Bedingungen des zeitgenössischen Kapitalismus neoliberaler Prägung und die erforderlichen Methoden , diesen zu überwinden . Mit Bezug sowohl auf klassische Militärtheorie als auch auf die politischen Einsichten der Situationismus stellt dieser Film ein Handbuch des Aufstands für diejenigen dar , die für eine wirklich menschliche Zivilisation kämpfen .
Deutsche Version
Every MLS team is getting their own Argentine these days , but whereas San Jose just confirmed theirs today , Montréal announced Ignacio Piatti 's impending arrival earlier this month . During that time , Piatti has stayed in Argentina , where he 's helped San Lorenzo to the Copa Libertadores final . The ability to play through CONMEBOL 's club championship was a major part of the 29-year-old 's negotiation with Montréal .
Unfortunately , the fun that is international transfer windows is about to call time on the teams ' goodwill . On Aug. 7 , North American 's transfer window closes , preventing Montréal from registering players from other countries . With Copa 's two-legged final scheduled for Aug. 6 and 13 , Piatti will have to join their new club before seeing out San Lorenzo 's continental campaign .
According to Major League Soccer 's website , the two teams pursued a FIFA exemption that would allow Piatti to complete Copa with San Lorenzo . Per Montréal owner Joey Saputo , that path fell short .
“ What FIFA told us is that it 's something they 've never done , ” Saputo told reporters on Wednesday . So it would be very tough for them to get an exemption , and their club , San Lorenzo , know it . They do n't have a choice ; they have to come here before August 7 . I do n't know if they play on August 6 , but honestly , I do n't think so . He 'll be here before the window closes . ”
Ca n't we just turn a blind eye to this one ? Both clubs are on board , as is the player . And we 're not talking about a huge amount of time to forgive . It 's six days .
Paraguay 's Nacional , San Lorenzo 's opposition , might have an issue with it , but their case would have to rest on a slippery slope argument that envisions finalists playing with rosters overloaded with players destined for leagues with Aug. 7 transfer deadlines . Would it be to terrible for us to wait until that world is more than a hypothetical ?
At least , that 's one point of view . The other : This is a situation the teams clearly saw as a possibility , yet all sides elected to move forward with the deal . San Lorenzo had the ability to go out and get another player to address this need . Just because Piatti really wants to play next week does n't mean anybody should rewrite their rules .
This is an oddity , not a tragedy , though it 's still unfortunate for Piatti . Libertadores was clearly important to him . Unfortunately , their move north had to take priority over the chance San Lorenzo would make the final .
Follow @ richardfarley
Sunday was the last day of service for Kushi , the Japanese restaurant at the CityVista development . The restaurant posted this message on its Facebook page :
It is with great disappointment to announce that Kushi Izakaya & Sushi is closing . Our last day is this Sunday , September 28th .
There have been many new friends that have walked through the door since we opened four and a half years ago , and we leave with fond memories . We truly appreciate all of the loyal customers that have supported us all this time .
With one door closing , another door opens for us as we look forward to the future and new opportunities . Please stay connected to our Facebook page and website for news of our next project coming soon .
Thank you all and we hope to see you again .
Kushi opened back in 2010 , and was the first izakaya-style restaurant in the D.C. market . The restaurant faced financial troubles , though .
Owner Darren Lee Norris told Washington City Paper he 'll be opening something new at 1522 14th St. NW , though they did n't offer any details .
Draft code details new 'three strikes ' policy for illegal downloaders , to come into effect from March 2014
Illegal downloaders will start receiving warning letters from internet service providers from 1 March 2014 , under a draft code for the government 's anti-digital piracy regime drawn up by media regulator Ofcom .
Under the draft code , published on Tuesday by the regulator , the UK 's biggest ISPs – BT , Everything Everywhere , O2 , Sky , TalkTalk Group and Virgin Media – will be required to send letters to customers warning them when there is an allegation from a film , TV or music company that there has been illegal downloading from their computer .
Web users who get three warning letters in a year will face having anonymous information of their downloading and filesharing history provided to copyright owners , which could then be used to gain a court order to reveal the customer 's identity and take legal action against piracy .
Internet users will be able to appeal against a report on their alleged infringement , at a cost of £20 , which will be refunded if they are successful .
Ofcom said that given the logistics involved in establishing an appeals body and other elements necessary to police the draft code , which implements anti-piracy provisions in the Digital Economy Act 2010 , UK internet users will not start receiving letters until 1 March 2014 .
Ofcom 's draft code – which , after a consultation period is expected , to pass through parliament at the end of the year – also gives a breakdown of the costs involved to set up and run the new system . As much as 75 % of the costs will be met by rights holders .
The consultation on the online infringement of copyright code closes on 26 July . A separate consultation on the allocation of costs for policing the code runs until 18 September .
The anti-piracy legislation has been the focal point of a two-year battle between rights holders – many of who wanted much tougher action such as slowing or cutting off the internet connections of repeat offenders – and ISPs , which have argued that they should not have to foot the bill for enforcing the crackdown on piracy .
In March 2012 , BT and TalkTalk lost a final legal challenge to force a judicial review of the Digital Economy Act , when their opposition was thrown out by the court of appeal .
While copyright owners can already seek court orders against digital pirates , the new code is designed to enable them to take legal action against the most persistent alleged infringers .
Ofcom and the government maintain that the new code has been carefully balanced to help the UK creative industries defend their intellectual property , while protecting the rights of consumers .
The music industry in particular has seen revenues dive over the past decade , which it blames on internet piracy .
`` It is essential that government creates the right conditions for businesses to grow , '' said creative industries minister Ed Vaizey . `` We must ensure our creative industries can protect their investment . They have the right to charge people to access their content if they wish , whether in the physical world or on the internet .
`` We are putting in place a system to educate people about copyright to ensure they know what legitimate content is and where to find it . The Digital Economy Act is an important part of protecting our creative industries against unlawful activity . ''
However , Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group , argued that the draft code was flawed and potentially left libraries , hotels and bars that offer the internet to customers over Wi-Fi open to accusations of piracy .
`` Digital revenues are going up , the music and film industry are moving in the right direction , yet this cumbersome policy is still lumbering forward , '' said Killock .
`` The appeals are a joke . Some people will almost certainly end up in court having done nothing wrong . ''
The DEA also outlined certain other measures that could be considered to reduce piracy levels , including the slowing of internet connections , blocking online access or temporarily suspending accounts . These could be put back on the table by the government if the new code proves to be ineffective after its first full year of operation .
An annex to the report shows that if 70,000 copyright infringement reports are sent by rights holders to the biggest ISPs each month – BT , Virgin , TalkTalk and BSkyB — the total cost to rights holders will be £14.4m , with each letter costing £17 .
The forecast is for it to become more cost effective for the rights holders to foot the bill for significantly more copyright infringement reports going out to ISPs each month – 175,000 will cost them £15.2m , however the cost-per-letter drops to £7.20 .
There is a slightly cheaper table of costs that has been set up for O2 and Everything Everywhere as they are significantly smaller ISPs .
Ofcom also said that between 2010 and 2015 it expected to have run up bills of £10.5m in relation to setting up and running the DEA 's anti-piracy regime , including drafting the code , establishing an independent appeals body , measurement and enforcement . Rights holders would foot the bill for the regime .
`` These measures are designed to foster investment and innovation in the UK 's creative industries , while ensuring internet users are treated fairly and given help to access lawful content , '' said Claudio Pollack , Ofcom 's consumer group director .
`` Ofcom will oversee a fair appeals process , and also ensure that rights holders ' investigations under the code are rigorous and transparent . ''
I can never get enough information on EQ . I love to know how everybody EQed a certain vocal or drum sound to get that tight punch or shimmering highs so prominent in a mix . When you 've mastered the EQ spectrum and you know where to go when you need to fix or embellish something , you are definitely ahead of the game .
If you can listen to a sound and say to yourself , “ Oh that needs a little more 250 Hz , ” or “ I think a cut at 1.2 would totally do the trick , ” then you have something to be proud of . You are hearing something that nobody else around you hears . And that 's something to be proud of .
There are sometimes reoccurring themes in audio engineering ; certain frequencies pop up more frequently than others . If you can grasp where you will find these following six frequencies then you can definitely make your life easier , and your production faster .
Frequency 1 – Thickness/Muddiness
Instruments and sounds that are dominant in the lower frequencies can have a tendency to dominate them a little too much . Too much low mid can thicken up a sound so that it lacks clarity and definition . The low mids , around 200 Hz are a good area to check for any unwanted muddiness or boominess in your mixes .
Listen to this double bass that has a little too much of 215 Hz , resulting in a thick sound that might sound cool on its own but will definitely clutter up the high-end spectrum .
Backing off the low mids with some EQ cuts at the same area we now have a bass line that 's just as juicy without the unnecessary muddiness .
Frequency 2 – Boxiness
This is the bane of the bass drum . I personally hate kick drums that have too much of that cardboard box flavor . If it 's done 100 % right it does have a natural earthy flavor that 's kind of cool but just a little bit too much can kill the sound for me . It just sounds like a fist pounding a cardboard box .
If you are struggling with boxiness then the frequency area around 3–600 Hz should be your hunting ground . Boost your EQ all the way up and stop when the boxiness is unbearable . Then swiftly cut down the middle . Do n't worry if your cut is n't super narrow , it 's OK to cut the kick drum a little more drastically in that area .
Take a listen to the kick drum in the following example . Notice how much thicker and rounder the bass drum gets when you cut the annoying boxiness out of the way .
Frequency 3 – The Cheap Sound
This is a very annoying frequency for acoustic guitar players that also happen to be engineers . Like me . You know when the guitar just does n't sound good . It just sounds like somebody bought it at Wal-Mart and brought it to the studio expecting a great sound . Ok , that might not actually happen but sometimes some guitars just sound cheap .
Obviously this ca n't be fixed all the time . But there is a cheap cheat frequency that you can use to get rid of at least some it . The mids around 800 Hz have this characteristic that makes the acoustic guitar sound a little cheap . So by cutting it a little bit you can usually bring out a warmer and less biting sound .
Listen to the audio below . The first run through of the chord progression is just a normal sounding acoustic guitar but the second run through I have cut the 800 Hz with a narrow cut . It brings out the natural sound of the guitar and gets rid of some of that brittle sound .
Frequency 4 – Nasal Sound
It sucks to record a singer when they have a cold . Not to mention the possibility of catching it yourself but your recording will too . What 's even worse is when your singer does n't have a cold but they somehow sound like they do .
Nasally or tinny sound can be a product of too much of 1–1.2 kHz . Too much in that area and your instruments sound horn-like and tinny and your singers sound nasally and congested . If you feel like you have a vocal that 's suffering from the asupervisorstioned symptoms then make sure you check to see if a cut in the 1 kHz area ca n't help .
Listen to how the vocal clears up in the second part of this chorus . By cutting away the nasally 1.1 kHz I 've made the vocal much clearer and nicer .
Frequency 5 – Presence
If I had to pick between the frequencies for a favorite one ( which sounds ridiculous but whatever ) , I would have to choose 5 kHz . 5 kHz just brings out the character in so many instruments . Whether you need to put some make-up on a dull vocal or bring out the bite on the electric guitar , 5 kHz just really makes it all shine .
For instance , in the audio sample below I have a super basic organ part that sounds kind of dull and might need to be brought more in the mix . Just a little boost at 5 kHz is all it needs . And you can really hear the waves of the leslie in the background too .
Frequency 6 – Air
That final stretch of spectrum from around 10 kHz and up is sometimes referred to as Air . As you might think from the name it kind of lifts up the higher frequencies , opening up the instruments that occupy that part of the spectrum . The high notes of instruments , subtleties of the piano for instance or the sound of drum cymbals .
14 kHz or so onward can be used to subtly brightening things up that are n't necessarily dull but might need a little .... well , air , to make them stand out . By boosting there you are boosting frequencies out of the way of other instruments , as many instruments wo n't be affected that much that high up the spectrum .
Like in the following drum loop example I 've boosted everything with a shelving EQ at 14 kHz . Notice how the cymbals get brighter and the drum loop opens up . Additionally , listen to how the sound of the brushes are also affected to a certain extent .
Drum loop with no air .
Flying !
Conclusion
I hope some of the examples above have shed some light on your endeavors in the EQ spectrum . By knowing what you are looking for and where to go after it you make your life much simpler and easier . It 's easy to cut down on muddiness if you know where it 's located in the low mids ; if your vocalist sounds like the tin man it 's easy to cut that out and if you need some presence or air to your mixes it 's all possible with a few mouse clicks on the screen or twists on your equalizer .
AP On CBS ' `` Face the Nation '' Sunday , Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates knocked critics of the Obama administration 's response to the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , saying many have a `` cartoonish view of military capabilities . ''
`` We do n't have a ready force standing by in the Middle East , despite all the turmoil that 's going on — with planes on strip alert , troops ready to deploy at a moment 's notice — and so getting somebody there in a timely way would have been very difficult , if not impossible , '' Gates told interviewer Bob Schieffer .
Gates , a Republican appointee of former President George W. Bush , served as Secretary of Defense from 2006 to 2011 . They offered their own views on the Sep. 11 , 2012 attack , and what their response may have been .
`` Based on everything I 've read , people really did n't know what was going on in Benghazi , '' they said .
In the aftermath , some say that troops or a fighter jet should have been sent over the consulate to scare off the attackers — although one expert recently pointed out that both options were hindered by long travel times .
`` Given the number of surface to air missiles that have disappeared from [ former Libyan leader ] Qaddafi 's arsenals , '' Gates also reasoned , `` I would not have approved sending an aircraft , a single aircraft , over Benghazi under those circumstances . ''
Gates said that U.S. military forces are noted for `` planning and preparation before going into harm 's way , '' but in the chaos of the attack , `` there just was n't any time to do that . ''
`` To send in some small number of special forces or other troops in without knowing what the environment is , without knowing what the threat is , without having any intelligence in terms of what is actually going on on the ground , I think would 've been very dangerous . Personally , I would not have approved that . ''
They brushed off the idea of getting troops there quickly , calling it a `` sort of cartoonish impression of military capabilities and military forces . ''
`` These things always look a lot simpler in retrospect , '' they added .
You can watch the full interview below :
What Is It Anyway ? is a series that examines the histories behind peculiar and obscure foods . Today , we 're explaining century eggs .
So , what are they , anyway ?
Long story short , century eggs are preserved eggs . They are also referred to as thousand-year eggs or millennium eggs , but are not preserved for a millennium , one thousand years , or even a century . The process actually takes anywhere from a few weeks to a few months , and involves soaking eggs in a saline solution . Duck , quail or chicken eggs can be used . The solution usually consists of clay and salt , but can also include ash , quicklime and rice hulls . It causes the yolk of the eggs to take on a creamy , cheese-like texture , and transforms the whites into a dark-colored jelly .
They can be eaten alone , but are often served with pickled ginger root . They can also accompany congee , or rice porridge .
Etymology
Century eggs have many names , including the asupervisorstioned few . In China , they are sometimes referred to as `` pine-patterned eggs . '' This is due to the intricate , woodland-looking patterns that show up near the eggs ' surface .
The Thai name , khai yiao ma , translates as `` horse urine eggs . '' This is rooted in the misconception that the eggs are made by soaking in horse urine -- a belief that is held due to their pungent odor .
AUSTIN — A Dallas lawmaker 's bill to automatically make organ donors out of driver license holders is meeting resistance from a surprising opponent — the nonprofit that runs Texas ' organ donor registry .
Donate Life Texas has been vocal in opposing so-called “ opt out ” or “ presumed consent ” programs across the country , fearing it could slow down momentum at a time when 47 percent of the state 's adults have signed up to be donors .
According to a 2012 national survey by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 51 percent of Americans would support presumed consent laws , but 23 percent said they would opt out of the donor registry if presumed consent were implemented .
“ Such strong negative public sentiment demonstrates the real risk that backlash against an opt-out system would result in fewer donations , not more , ” said Suzy Miller , executive director of Donate Life Texas .
State Rep. Jason Villalba , R-Dallas , counters that people are much more comfortable donating organs than they were 50 years ago . According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 95 percent of American adults support organ donation and 48 percent are registered donors .
“ The stigma to it , the religious objections to it have generally fallen away , and today most people can get comfortable with the idea of this , ” they said .
Villalba 's bill would automatically make Texans organ donors unless they opt out . The bill they have filed would apply only to first-time driver license applicants and renewals who are 18 and over . The bill , they said , would give driver license holders two separate notices to alert them that they are consenting to becoming organ donors unless they opt out .
“ There 's no trick , ” they said . “ It 's not a mandate . It 's not requiring anybody to do it . ”
The bill , if passed , would be the first of its kind in the United States . Other states , including Colorado and New York , have made similar attempts , but presumed consent laws have yet to make it far in this country .
The idea is not unheard of around the world . Austria and France have passed laws to make organ donation the default option , which experts say raises the pool of potential donors .
In 2016 , 937 people donated 2,865 organs for transplantation in Texas . There are currently 10,749 Texans on the transplant wait list .
In Texas and Bexar County , 47 percent of adults are registered to donate their organs , but Miller said few are actually eligible to donate when the time comes .
“ Only about 1 percent of deaths occur in such a way that organ donation is even a possibility , ” Miller said . “ A person must pass away in a hospital on a ventilator in order for their organs to remain viable for transplantation . ”
Villalba is hoping their bill could help people like Grace Bennett , who has been waiting nearly two years for a new pair of lungs .
The 54-year-old Arlington native was diagnosed with a chronic lung disease in 2013 , six years after they noticed they were having difficulty breathing and walking . Them disease , Chronic Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis , appeared when their lungs became inflamed from an allergic reaction to mold inhalation . It is reversible in the early stages , but that was not possible for Bennett .
They were placed on the national transplant list in June 2015 , making them one of the hundreds of Texans waiting for a lung transplant .
“ I 've become so aware of how many people are fighting these diseases that cause them to be placed on the transplant list and how many people there are how few organs are available , ” Bennett said .
The United Network for Organ Sharing manages a nationwide list of individuals who need organ transplants , and the average wait time for a lung transplant is four months . In Texas , 136 people are waiting for a lung transplant , according to the network 's data . According to government data , about 22 people die each day waiting for a transplant . Villalba said they think the lack of organs for people like Bennett may be because of the country 's current organ donation system .
Now , Texans can become organ donors directly through Donate Life Texas or they can check “ yes ” during their vehicle registration or driver license process . More than 11,000 people currently are on the transplant waiting list , according to Donate Life Texas .
In addition to Donate Life Texas , the influential conservative lobbying organization Empower Texans and anti-abortion group Texas Right to Life oppose Villalba 's bill .
John Seago , Texas Right to Life 's legislative director , said they worry an opt-out system would be deceptive and “ open up the floodgates of patient abuse . ”
Jonathan Stickland , R-Bedford , also criticized the legislation in their “ Bad Bill of the Week ” video series , and asked viewers to call Villalba 's office to oppose the legislation .
“ It forces people to become organ donors — automatically enrolling you in the system when you get your driver 's license , ” Stickland said in the video .
Stickland said they are concerned the bill would violate Texans ' privacy by sending their names and addresses to a nonprofit , where “ we do n't know where it 's going to end up . ”
Villalba said it is tough to read the overall reaction of lawmakers in the House this early in the session , but they have received overwhelming support from constituents and medical groups such as the Texas Medical Association and the Texas Hospital Association .
“ The only negative feedback we 've gotten was related to Stickland 's video , and most of those people have actually flipped when we 've spoken to them , ” Villalba said .
Bennett and their family have thrown their support behind Villalba 's bill . Them son , Kyle Field , uses the Facebook page “ Grace 's Story ” to update friends about their mother 's health . They also have used the page to voice their support for the measure .
“ To me , there are no politics involved , ” Field said . “ Democrat or Republican aside ... this bill will save lives . Not just my mom 's life potentially , but literally the thousands of people in the state of Texas that will die if they do n't get a transplant . ”
Express-News staff writer Brittney Martin contributed to this report .
nicole.cobler @ chron.com
Twitter : @ nicolecobler
The Young Ones and Blackadder Comedian Rik Mayall Has Died
Rik Mayall has passed away aged 56-years old .
The comedian from Essex , England , acted in numerous sitcoms , including The Young Ones , Blackadder , Bottom and The New Statesman . They also starred in the films Drop Dead Fred and Guest House Paradiso .
Mayall died on Monday , June 9th , with their wife Barbara Robbins stating that their cause of death is uncertain . Speaking to reporters , they said : `` We do n't know yet what happened . They had a strong heart so I do n't think it was a heart attack .
`` Maybe they had a fit , maybe it was their heart . We just do n't know until the coroner 's report . ''
Mayall suffered from epilepsy following a quad bike accident in 1998 , with them taking daily medication for the condition . Whether or not this is what led to their death has not been confirmed .
Their Bottom co-star and friend Adrian Edmondson made a fitting tribute to him , saying : `` There were times when Rik and I were writing together when we almost died laughing . They were some of the most carefree stupid days I ever had , and I feel privileged to have shared them with him .
`` And now he 's died for real . Without me . Selfish bastard . ''
In celebration of the comedy genius , here 's an hilarious clip of them and Edmondson improvising during one of their Bottom live shows .
This month , the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) voted in favor of permitting political campaigns to incorporate bitcoin into their fundraising initiatives . Several political incumbents and hopefuls took advantage of this and immediately announced that they would be accepting the peer-to-peer decentralized virtual currency bitcoin .
One of these individuals was Colorado Democratic Congressman Jared Polis , who has been a staunch proponent of the cryptocurrency and even acquired $ 10 worth of bitcoins in a recent demonstration made on Capitol Hill .
With the $ 100 contribution limit imposed by the FEC , campaign manager Lisa Kaufmann told the Campaign for Public Integrity that Polis has raised $ 1,500 worth of bitcoins from just 39 voters . As of Mar . 31 , the Polis campaign has approximately $ 300,000 cash on hand
Whether or not that value holds still remains to be seen , but whatever the case , Polis appears to be sticking to their guns as they are moving ahead with the digital currency .
“ I am thrilled that the FEC has chosen to take a forward-looking stance on digital currencies , recognizing the rights of individuals seeking alternatives to government backed currencies to participate in our democratic political process , ” Polis said shortly after the FEC announcement .
It has been reported that Polis was the first Congressman to begin accepting bitcoins , but that can be disputed . Texas Republican Congressman Steve Stockman announced earlier this year that they would be incorporating bitcoin donations into their bid for the United States Senate and oust GOP Senator John Cornyn .
Other candidates have also been adding bitcoin into their fundraising arsenal , such as Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , a Republican running for Texas Governor ; Oakland mayoral candidate Bryan Parker ; Eric Brakey , a Republican State Senate candidate ; Darryl W. Perry , a 2016 libertarian presidential candidate ; and Blaine Richardson , an independent conservative congressional candidate .
Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul has said that their staff members are assessing the possibility of accepting bitcoin contributions from their supporters .
One of the worst nightmares of any developer is to wake up in the morning and find out their app 's rating has suddenly crashed . This is exactly what happened to many Android app developers who noticed unusual activity with their Google Play Store ratings after December 10 , 2013 . Unfortunately , it was n't a flurry of 5 stars . Instead , developers began to sweat it out , as they watched 1 's , 2 's , and 3 's slowly diminish their 4 – 5 ratings . After research and reaching out to Android app developers through Google+ , Facebook , and online forums , a picture of what happened and the unintended , surprising results has been crafted by Android app developers .
Amir Uval – the developer behind Countdown Timer , an interval timer and alarm , started a discussion on Facebook and Google+ to reach out to other Android app developers and “ discovered I 'm not alone. ” In their Google+ discussion , details have emerged , links to similar discussions online have been shared , and they “ finally put all the puzzle pieces together and concluded what was the source. ” Mr. Uval talked with us about their experience and findings . They say , “ I 've noticed a strange a flow of low ratings on Dec 10 . I 've been getting a 1 or 2 once a month before that , and I started to get more negative reviews on a daily basis . ”
This graph shows the dramatic shift that prompted Amir Uval 's Google+ discussion .
Around December 10 , 2013 , the Google Play Store added a new feature called , “ Want Quick Suggestions ? ” An app appears on the screen , and the user is encouraged to offer a rating without the opportunity to provide a comment . The rating appears to help Google make better suggestions for Android app purchases and downloads by a user 's assessment of the suggestion . But , Uval discovered the rating of the suggestion is converted to a rating for the app . They also discovered that users who touch on the stars as their finger scrolls on the screen could leave a rating . This updated interface seems to provide more opportunities for unintentional , random ratings . This same assessment of the problem is discussed on Reddit and Android forums .
Paolo Conte joined Uval 's Google+ discussion and shared a graph with us that is nearly identical . Conte 's app , Trains Timetable Italy ( Orario Treni ) , “ had a rating of 5 stars ( 4.8 ) for a long time. ” Conte says , “ In Italy it is the number 1 app in the transportation category , and it is also featured in the Best of 2013 section. ” And , again , they share a similar theme to Uval 's experience , “ Since Dec 10th I started noticing a lot of 1-star ratings , but with no negative comments . ”
“ As you can see in the chart below , which covers a time span of one year , it is clear this is just wrong. ” – Paolo Conte [ /caption ]
Mateusz Mucha is an Android app developer based in Krakow , Poland , whose app , Percentage Calculator , has suffered a similar fate as Uval and Conte . After December 10 , they noticed an increase in 1 ratings on what had previously been a 4.7 rated app . They said , “ Over the next 3.5 weeks , Percentage Calculator received over twice as many 1-star ratings than in its whole 14-month history. ” Mucha took a look at the “ Want Quick Suggestions ? ” app rating feature and concluded , “ I 'm only sure of two things : I can not fairly rate it and Google makes me do it. ” The required participation of users who may or may not understand what they are evaluating is creating unnecessary confusion ; and , with graphs like Mucha 's below , frustrated developers are losing sleep .
@ testfairy My app , the history of decline . Does not stop even improve the app . pic.twitter.com/9TsjXwC5Pv — l.droid ( @ l_droid_110107 ) March 3 , 2014
The game , Move : A Brain Shifting Puzzle , has experienced the same pattern . Noam Abta , the developer , said , “ It had a very steady average rating of around 4.7 , until around the 10 of December , it started to drop gradually and continuously. ” Abta 's graph below is yet another example of a highly rated app in the Google Play Store experiencing a decline on December 10 , 2013 . Abta added , “ The frustrating part was that most of the commented reviews we got were still enthusiastic 5-star reviews. ” Abta 's “ Move : A Brain Shifting Puzzle ” launched strongly in October 2013.Combining the rating of a suggestion with the rating of a specific app 's performance creates a gauge that is more difficult to use and implement in the development process . Uval says , “ They just do n't mix – suggestion box asks for relevance , and rating – for overall quality and overall satisfaction with an app. ” Right now , developers are struggling to understand their diminishing ratings in light of the commingled ratings and inability to receive comments and feedback from the “ Want Quick Suggestions ? ” interface.Updates to the Google Play Store interface , ratings , and data affect developers , and hopefully Google will respond to their concerns quickly . Uval suggests “ a little note in the developer console ” to inform developers of changes . And , as many developers note in forums , the ratings should be separated . Bogumił Sikora with Paridae , the development team behind Countries Capitals Quiz , shares their chart that shows this downward shift in ratings.For developers who share Uval 's experience , this discussion about the ratings change also revealed an unfortunate timing issue . Many of their Google connections are enjoying a holiday vacation , as one of Uval 's Google contacts “ autoreplied they are on vacation. ” Right now , unfortunately , there are few options for developers impacted by the ratings . Developers are reaching out to contacts at Google , creating an online conversation , and hoping users swipe anywhere other than the ratings interface . Uval had a bump up in positive ratings after they released an update . They said , “ I guess many of my happy users had a chance to rate . ”
If you are an Android developer who has experienced ratings changes as a result of the “ Want Quick Suggestions ? ” feature around December 10 , 2013 and would like to add their story , please tweet a screenshot of your chart , mention @ testfairy and we will add your tweet to this post .
Follow TestFairy on Twitter , Google+ and Facebook .
Learn more about TestFairy here
Today I 'm going to discuss how you can get a free SSL cert from Let 's Encrypt , and then use it on a Windows Server .
In my example I will be using the free SSL cert for a remote Desktop Collection !
Requirements :
The latest powershell is required so you can utilize the “ install-module ” command , this can be found here .
https : //www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx ? id=50395
For server 2012 R2 x64 choose this one “ Win8.1AndW2K12R2-KB3134758-x64.msu ” .
This is at the last option after clicking the download button .
Before we begin you should know that the method to proving the ownership of the domain I chose is ‘ dns-01 ' this method requires you to create a txt DNS record . This was the easiest way for me . I 'm going to create one with you now for my domain , techstat.net
Now run powershell as admin , paste the following commands and fill out the following variables .
the script :
$ domain = `` yourdomain.com '' # if you need a cert for a subdomain then you should put the subdomain not the root $ mail = `` mailto : [ email protected ] '' # note this email does not need to be under the domain you are registering , you can use live.com or gmail.com $ domalias = `` domain '' # any name is fine $ certalias = `` domaincert '' # any name is fine $ certloc = `` C : \certfiles\ $ domalias '' Install-Module ACMESharp # you should have the latest powershell version to use this Import-Module ACMESharp Initialize-ACMEVault # this command is only required once per session New-ACMERegistration -Contacts `` $ mail '' -AcceptTos New-ACMEIdentifier -Dns $ domain -Alias $ domalias Complete-ACMEChallenge $ domalias -ChallengeType dns-01 -Handler manual Write-Host -fore yellow `` Copy your TXt record values from above , then add to your domain DNS then press enter here '' Pause Submit-ACMEChallenge $ domalias -ChallengeType dns-01 Write-Host -ForegroundColor yellow `` This script will pause for 60 seconds while it waits for your request to be submitted , then it will update . '' Start-Sleep 60 Update-ACMEIdentifier $ domalias Write-Host -fore yellow `` If the above says the status is valid , then press enter , if it says invalid review your settings , if it says pending just rerun the update command above in the script '' Pause New-ACMECertificate $ domalias -Generate -Alias $ certalias Submit-ACMECertificate $ certalias Write-Host -ForegroundColor yellow `` This script will pause for 60 seconds while it waits for your request to be submitted , then it will update . '' Start-Sleep 60 Update-ACMECertificate $ certalias new-item -ItemType Directory `` $ certloc '' Get-ACMECertificate $ certalias -ExportKeyPEM `` $ certloc\privatekey.key.pem '' Get-ACMECertificate $ certalias -ExportCsrPEM `` $ certloc\certcsr.csr.pem '' Get-ACMECertificate $ certalias -ExportIssuerPEM `` $ certloc\issuer.crt.pem '' -ExportIssuerDER `` $ certloc\issuer.crt '' Get-ACMECertificate $ certalias -ExportPkcs12 `` $ certloc\cert.pfx '' -CertificatePassword ' [ email protected ] ' write-host -ForegroundColor yellow `` your .pfx file was saved with the pass [ email protected ] ''
Explaining the Let 's Encrypt Script and Module
I 'm assuming you 've already upgraded powershell with the link I provided . Then you should have installed the module via the command . Then you should have imported the module . Finially you should have run the initialize command ( this command is only required once ) .
The email registration does n't send you anything , it just ties the domain to your email ( email must be valid , can be any domain )
Then we create the domain identifier and bond it to an alias
This is the complete acme challenge part , the name is tricky , it does n't actually complete . It actually begins the challenge .
At this step you are given the txt record name and value that you will need to setup .
My TXT record will be called “ _acme-challenge ” and the Value will be whatever is in the value field , minus the brackets .
Since my domain is hosted with Cloudflare this is what my record looked like .
Once I hit enter in the script it will submit my challenge , then pause for 60 seconds , if you see a “ status ” of pending , that means you did everything well so far .
This update-acmeidentifier command just gets the status of a challenge you submitted .
If everything went well then after those long 60 seconds the script will now show a status of “ valid ” like below .
If it did not then you need to find the error in the config . If it shows “ invalid ” you have a problem . Most likely you messed up the DNS record or it has n't showed up yet .
Then the alias for the cert is created , submitted , and checked .
Then the folder structure is created in C : \ with the “ new-item ” command .
Once that 's done it will actually do the exporting .
Once all of that is done you should get all the cert files in a directory on the C : \ drive called certfiles .
I used the script for a RDSH collection test-lab , I was able to easily add the cert with the password in Server Manager .
Note : the password is required or else you 'll have “ delegation ” errors .
Renewels : As it stands there 's no way with powershell to renew your certs , once that feature comes out I will update this !
It may have been a while since Mad Men wound up , but many still remember Jon Hamm as the guy who played Don Draper . Today , Jon Hamm celebrates their 45th birthday while Don Draper remains the most successful fictional ad man ever . They had a way with words . They lied through their teeth , but they could convince anyone to do anything . They lived life by a code , which might have been morally ambiguous , but was a practical one . While Don Draper was known for being a manly man , these quotes from them will inspire anyone to be the best person they can be .
`` If you do n't like what is being said , then change the conversation . ''
Don Draper used this line multiple times in the show , and it quickly became one of their most famous lines . It 's applicable in pretty much any context . Gossiping students in school ? Coworkers in the office ? Nosy family members ? It 's a given people are going to talk about you and it remains up to you to give them something else to talk about if you do n't like what 's being said .
`` I hate to break it to you but there is no big lie . There is no system . The universe is indifferent . ''
On the surface , it appears pessimistic but it 's actually a realistic view of life . Don 's remark was directed to hippies who blame the status quo but it is a wake-up call for anyone who keeps waiting for universal signs instead of taking in charge of their lives and making something of themselves .
`` I have a life , and it only goes in one direction : forward . ''
Don was n't giving advice when it said it , but it still makes for a quote worthy of living by . It 's nothing that has n't been said before by others , but this is one of the most succinct and apt ways to frame it . The past is the past , and until someone invents a time machine life only moves forward .
`` But what is happiness ? It 's a moment before you need more happiness . ''
Don defines happiness to a pitch for their clients . They were easily at their best when they were presenting work . Being happy is momentary , and you will always be looking for more . It 's better to accept that you want more than to be complacent and settle for what you have , even if it is n't the best .
`` People tell you who they are but we ignore it because we want them to be who we want them to be . ''
This wordy quote from Don accurately sums up the mistake we often end up trusting in people even though their previous actions tell us not to repeat the mistake again . Be wary of people , in love and in life , and do n't put expectations on them before they 've proven themselves to you .
Have these Jon Hamm quotes from Mad Men inspired you ? Which one is your favorite ? Let us know in the comments below .
Let 's go back to World War 2 . Do you know how the British finally sunk the Bismarck ? It did n't take much . Just a few obsolete Swordfish biplane torpedo bombers whose wings were n't even metal . Yup , the Brits used fabric . That 's the thing . No matter how much engineering you put into something , you ca n't beat simplicity . Grit . Wood .
You know where this is going .
This week on Morgan Versus , the world 's best/worst car — my Morgan 3-wheeler — faces off with Germany 's best . Maybe not their absolute best . But a pretty good one : a 201x Porsche 911 Carrera S Cabriolet . What year is the Porsche ? I forgot . Actually , I did n't even really check . Does it matter ? No . Every Porsche is the best Germany could do in any given year . You ca n't say that about British cars . I think this 911 is a 2013 . Guess what ?
No one cares . Ok , maybe fools like Shmee150 , who think new new is better .
Is the Morgan junk ? Even if it is , it 's still the best car I 've ever owned , and the greatest driving experience of all time . The Porsche ? Even if it 's perfect , it 's still junk compared to the Morgan . Why ? Because some things ca n't be measured . Actually , they can , just not with numbers .
For the record , I own a 911 . I love it . It 's a 1987 Targa , and it 's amazing . But that car was n't available , so instead we have this sacrificial lamb . Let 's find out close it was , or if the Porsche got torpedoed .
J. Cole might be focusing on entertaining their fans across the country with their 4 Your Eyez Only Tour , but he 's also making sure to use their platform to speak on bigger issues . During their recent Baltimore stop on the tour , the `` Neighbors '' rapper spoke about the Maryland city , as well as the Baltimore Ravens , who did n't sign football-star-turned-activist , Colin Kaepernick .
While going on a rant to the crowd , Cole brought up the state of Baltimore , and how they need someone with money and power to help the city out and represent for it . They mentioned Kaepernick as the person that could be of service to the city , but unfortunately , the NFL is n't treating them with enough respect .
`` Matter of fact , do n't y'all think that someone that got money , power and fame should be standing up for them type of shits ? '' Cole explained . `` Baltimore , the shit that 's happening here , do n't you think that somebody should risk their whole livelihood and their whole life to talk about this shit ? Even if it cost them their money , their job , their life ? Do n't that sound like Colin Kaepernick ? Do n't that sound like what they 're doing ? And they 're trying to come to Baltimore , the city that seems to need that shit for real . ''
The 2014 Forest Hills Drive MC also asked fans if they were going to support NFL games and go to watch the Ravens play , as many have been questioning boycotting the league for their treatment of Kaepernick .
This is far from the first time that Cole has expressed their support of Colin , as the rapper sported their jersey during a performance last year .
Watch J. Cole 's full rant about the Baltimore Ravens and Colin Kaepernick below .
Story highlights Italy wants U.S. to respond to report that Silvio Berlusconi was subject to NSA wiretaps
Report comes as WikiLeaks releases other documents allegedly detailing snooping on Italian officials
( CNN ) Italy 's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday called on the United States ' ambassador to `` clarify '' reports from an Italian newspaper and WikiLeaks that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on then-Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in 2011 .
The report ran in the weekly newspaper L'Espresso in collaboration with the secrets-exposing organization WikiLeaks .
`` The Italian Foreign Ministry has summoned the U.S. ambassador , John Phillips , to clarify the news appeared ( in ) the press , according to which the Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and some of their close collaborators would have been subject to wiretaps in 2011 , '' a ministry statement reads .
The L'Espresso report came as WikiLeaks also publicized documents that it says shows the NSA had intercepted Italian diplomatic cables about a 2010 conversation between Berlusconi and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , as well as communication from a Berlusconi adviser in 2011 .
This is among the latest examples of documents , leaked over the last several years , that showed past spying activities by the United States against officials in areas such as France , Germany , the European Union and Brazil .
Read More
RAAF monitored Chinese military exercise in waters between Christmas Island and Indonesia
Updated
The RAAF monitored an unprecedented and unannounced exercise involving three Chinese warships in international waters to the north of Australia , it has emerged .
The unusual naval exercise late last week is considered to have been a deliberate and provocative move by the Chinese that will send a clear message to the region .
For the first time , the Chinese navy sent warships sailing through the Sunda Strait between the Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra .
The ships travelled along the southern edge of Java , close to Christmas Island , and then through the Lombok Strait between Lombok and Bali .
The move is considered to be an unprecedented show of military might by the Chinese , and will have a significant impact on security and strategic policy settings for Australia and our regional neighbours , particularly Indonesia and India .
Analysts believe that by sending ships through the region in such a fashion , Beijing is making it clear that it now considers the Indian Ocean a strategic priority .
They believe it signals that China will deploy its military to protect its interests in the region if needed .
Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop has told Australia Network that `` China is an emerging power in our region and globally '' .
`` These exercises are taking place in international waters and Australia conducts similar exercises in international waters , '' they said .
`` The Chinese navy is growing commensurate with the increasing size and strength of the Chinese economy and its place in the region , its place in the globe .
`` So , the fact that the Chinese navy 's conducting exercises in international waters is not a matter that I would raise with my counterpart because , as I say , Australia does similarly .
`` The United States has long been the single greatest power in the Pacific , in Asia , in fact globally . But we recognise that there are other countries that are emerging as stronger economies , other countries are building up their militaries . Japan is also redefining its defence stance . So we are in a very different world , it 's a changing landscape , and our foreign policy must be flexible enough and nimble enough to recognise that changing landscape . ''
Topics : defence-and-national-security , world-politics , foreign-affairs , government-and-politics , business-economics-and-finance , defence-forces , australia , christmas-island-6798 , indonesia , asia , china
First posted
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
Tuesday , August 3 , 2010
Scientific dictatorship wants lobotomized , subservient public
The establishment media and the scientific dictatorship are promoting brain-eating vaccines that virtually lobotomize people and rewire their minds into a state of subservient compliance so that their natural instinct to get angry and rebel against the tyranny being imposed upon them is neutered and sterilized .
“ Academics say they are close to developing the first vaccine for stress – a single jab that would help us relax without slowing down , ” reports the Daily Mail .
Dr Robert Sapolsky , professor of neuroscience at Stanford University in California , says the vaccine is intended to impose a state of “ focused calm ” by altering brain chemistry .
The proposals ominously hark back to George Lucas ' 1971 dystopian chiller TXH 1138 , in which the population is controlled and subjugated through the use of special drugs to suppress emotion .
Feeling stress , getting angry , expressing emotion and displaying passion are all innate , natural and vital aspects of human behavior . Reacting with stress to dangerous or uncomfortable situations is an essential and healthy response , and is one shared by just about every living thing on the planet .
Scientists are now telling us that getting angry , upset and passionate is abnormal and needs to be “ treated ” through a fresh dose of pharmaceutical drugs and injections that will virtually lobotomize us into submissive compliance . This is blatantly a part of the full spectrum assault on our minds , our bodies and our nervous system through the contamination of our food and water supply .
The new research on brain-altering vaccines dovetails with proposals to add lithium to the water supply in order to treat “ mood disorders ” .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
{ openx:49 }
People globally are already being bombarded with sodium fluoride , a cancer causing neurotoxin , through the water supply , toothpaste , and many foods .
The first occurrence of fluoridated drinking water on Earth was found in Germany 's Nazi prison camps . The Gestapo had little concern about fluoride 's supposed effect on children 's teeth ; their alleged reason for mass-medicating water with sodium fluoride was to sterilize humans and force the people in their concentration camps into calm submission .
As a growing number of people worldwide begin to educate themselves about what they are putting in their bodies and how they are under chemical and biological attack from the foods they eat , the establishment in getting increasingly desperate in trying to maintain a sick and weak populace , even telling them that injecting the toxic poison mercury into their bloodstream will be beneficial to their health .
The effort to chemically lobotomize the public is part of the elite 's drive to create a sub-species of drugged up , dumbed-down slaves who do n't have the intelligence or the energy to resist the control measures being imposed on them by their population-reduction obsessed masters . While the elite will be free to enjoy
Infowars are promoting a new viral Google search term in order to attract much needed attention to this grave issue .
Search for “ brain eating vaccines ” and by elevating this term to the top of Google Trends , we can reach millions of new people who would otherwise have never come across this information .
Earlier today , the D.C . Circuit issued its much-anticipated decision in Verizon v. FCC . The court rejected Verizon 's position that Congress did not give the FCC jurisdiction over broadband access . At the same time , the court found that the FCC could not impose last century 's common carriage requirements on the Internet , and struck down rules that limited the ability of broadband providers to offer new and innovative services to their customers . The Court upheld the Commission 's disclosure rules .
One thing is for sure : today 's decision will not change consumers ' ability to access and use the Internet as they do now . The court 's decision will allow more room for innovation , and consumers will have more choices to determine for themselves how they access and experience the Internet . Verizon has been and remains committed to the open Internet that provides consumers with competitive choices and unblocked access to lawful websites and content when , where , and how they want . This will not change in light of the court 's decision .
We look forward to working with the FCC and Congress to keep the Internet a hub of innovation without the need for unnecessary new regulations that seek to manage the explosive dynamism of the Internet .
Parking lots are rarely beautiful , but Rob Ley shows us that they can be . Spanning 12,500 square feet , their massive May - September installation transforms the front of the parking structure at Eskenazi Hospital , Indianapolis into perpetually changing artwork . It is comprised of 7,000 metallic panels , each of which is painted two colors : blue and yellow . Ley made sure to steer away from geometric patterns , choosing instead to draw inspiration from gentler shapes of nature .
The result is a dynamic , striking facade that changes depending on the time of day and a viewer 's geographical position . Pedestrians and slow-moving vehicles see a `` noticeable , dappled shift '' while speeding motorists are treated to a quicker change in gradients . The founder of design studio Urbana , Ley built the installation with the assistance of Indianapolis Fabrications .
As humans , we 're always making bad choices . At the same time , we really hate to be told what to do — even if what we 're being told is a good idea . This conundrum could be solved with a futuristic concept called `` soft paternalism . '' Here 's how public and private institutions could nudge us in the right direction — without violating our liberty .
The term libertarian paternalism , or soft paternalism , was coined by behavioral economist Richard Thaler and legal scholar Cass Sunstein in a 2003 article in the American Economic Review . The idea was further articulated in their book , Nudge . Simply put , it 's the idea that even highly competent , well-informed people fail to make choices in their best interest — and that it 's okay for private and public institutions to step in and nudge them in the right direction without eliminating freedom of choice , or liberty .
Advertisement
Paternalism ≠ Coercion
It was an effort to get economists , many of whom are political libertarians , to rethink paternalism — which is , let 's face it , a pejorative amongst libertarians . Paternalism , by its very definition , is analogous to the way a parent treats a child — like telling them they have to wear bike helmets , refrain from drinking sugary Big Gulps , and to stay away from marijuana . But this anti-paternalist bias , say Thaler and Sunstein , is based on a false assumption and a pair of misconceptions .
Advertisement
The false assumption is the belief that people always , or at least most of the time , make choices that are in their best interest . It 's fairly obvious to even the most idealistic among us that this is far from true — we knowingly and willingly engage in poor health habits , we 're lazy , irrational , and we often ignore responsibilities or tasks that would better serve our interests and those of the larger community , like saving money for our retirement or agreeing to donate our organs after death .
Advertisement
As for the two misconceptions , the first is the trenchant belief among libertarians that there are viable alternatives to paternalism . But according to Thaler and Sunstein :
In many situations , some organization or agent must make a choice that will affect the choices of some other people . The point applies to both private and public sectors .
The second misconception is that paternalism has to involve coercion . But it 's both possible and acceptable , say Thaler and Sunstein , to devise strategies in which governments or businesses can get their citizens or employees to be compliant — and in a way that still preserves freedom of choice and not just the illusion of it .
Advertisement
The Nudge In Action
The best way to describe soft paternalism is to show it in action .
Take programs or initiatives in which people have to opt in . But why not switch it around and have more people opt out of important things , like organ donation ? Indeed , given the tremendous social and humanitarian benefits of donating an organ , we should assume that people want to opt in . Should certain people find the act distasteful , for whatever reason , they have to do the work to opt out .
Advertisement
Similarly , some companies and governments want employees to be signed up for company pension schemes by default . The Economist explains :
Such schemes , which typically attract tax breaks from governments and matching contributions from employers , are usually in the best interest of workers . You might say that joining is a `` no-brainer '' , except that what little brainwork and paperwork is required defeats a surprising number of people . A soft paternalist would presume that people want to join , leaving them free to opt out if they choose . In one case study by Ms Madrian and Dennis Shea , changing the default rule in this way raised the enrolment rate from 49 % to 86 % .
By doing this , a glaring error is remedied in an unobtrusive way ; behavior is altered while preserving freedom of choice .
Advertisement
Still on the pension front , Thaler and Sunstein devised a scheme in which a fraction of workers ' future pay increases are diverted into pension savings before reaching their pay check . The basic idea is that people are more willing to part with tomorrow 's cash than today 's . Moreover , as long as they increase their saving rate by less than their pay raise , it wo n't feel like a cut in their disposable income ( increased standard-of-living costs notwithstanding ) . This strategy was actually put into place at a medium-sized manufacturing company ; after four annual pay raises , the joiners had lifted their savings rate from just 3.5 % to 13.6 % . A result that prompted Thaler to write , `` We plead guilty to the charge of trying to be paternalistic . '' But since they did n't infringe on freedom of choice , they see no impropriety .
Here are some other examples of nudges — and not all of them good ( taken from Nudge ) :
1 . The design of menus gets you to eat ( and spend ) more . For example , lining up all prices on either side of the menu leads many consumers to simply pick the cheapest item . On the other hand , discretely listing prices at the end of food descriptions lets people read about the appetizing options first… ; and then see prices . 2 . `` Flies '' in urinals improve , well , aim . When Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport was faced with the not uncommon issue of dirty urinals , they chose a unique solution : by painting `` flies '' in the ( center of ) commodes , men obligingly aimed at the insects , reducing spillage by 80 percent . 3. Credit card minimum payments affect repayment schedules . Among those who only partially pay off credit card balances each month , the repayment level is correlated with the card 's minimum payment — in other words , the lower the minimum payment , the longer it takes a consumer to pay off the card balance .
Advertisement
And in a final example , over 10,000 compulsive gamblers in Missouri have been placed on a black list ; they are not allowed to enter any of the state 's riverboat gambling cruises . Now , this might sound paternalistic — except for one important detail . All the gamblers voluntarily asked to be put on the black list . They did it for their own good .
It 's also important to note what 's not soft paternalism . It 's a commonly held misconception that sin taxes , like taxes on cigarettes and booze , are a kind of soft paternalism — but that 's not true . That 's a more deterrent , and even a punishment , for certain behaviors , thus qualifying it for straight-out paternalism . And outright bans , like the the New York City soft drink size limit , is also not soft paternalism . Again , it 's not really preserving freedom of choice .
Our Best Interests ?
At the risk of gross understatement , not everyone agrees with the concept of soft paternalism . As described above , some nudges , particularly those exerted by the private sector , work against our best interests . At the same time , many still see it as part-and-parcel of the so-called `` nanny state . '' It 's still an admonition from above , albeit through a different channel .
Advertisement
One of these critics is College of Staten Island philosopher Mark D. White , author of The Manipulation of Choice . They argue that there are practical reasons why nudges towards `` correct living '' are poor public policy . An ardent supporter of individual choice and autonomy , White thinks that economists have a bungled understanding of human decision-making and that behavioral economists have failed to correct this .
Looking at the employee retirement nudge , White says there 's no practical or objective way for an outside observer to define another individual 's best interest — a factor that undermines the very premise of libertarian paternalism . What 's more , in order to make certain claims , there needs to be an objective standard for determining good and bad behavior . But as Reason 's Anthony Randazzo explains , `` people 's preferences are too varied to nail down such a standard ... As the economist F.A . Hayek observed , knowledge is so dispersed throughout society that no singular policymaker or advocacy group can collect enough information to fully understand how people would define their own preferences and principles . ''
Indeed , there 's a danger here of implementing a policy toward seemingly `` virtuous '' conduct , only to find later that it was anything but .
Advertisement
Refinement Needed
While many of the objections to soft paternalism are interesting , they 're hardly dealbreakers . Many of the proposed nudges are dumbfoundingly obvious and clearly in our best interests .
What 's more , it 's okay to admit that we could use a nudge from time to time . In today 's society , we 're busy and distracted ; we ca n't possible know everything that 's good or bad for us , nor can we act on everything that 's out there . At the same time , we 're irrational creatures , subject to many cognitive biases . We 're also prone to addictions and self-harming behaviors that are costly to individuals and societies . Governments exist to serve us , so it 's okay to lean on them from time to time — even if it comes in this unconventional form .
Advertisement
The concept of soft paternalism is sound . The challenge will be to ensure that future governments use it for good . But this is where democratic institutions and accountability come into play .
Advertisement
[ Sources : New York Times | Economist | Reason | University of Chicago/Sunstein | Thaler & Sunstine , American Economic Review
Images : diversepixel/shutterstock
Follow me on Twitter : @ dvorsky
GhostSec , a hacktivist off-shoot of Anonymous , has claimed to have followed a chain of transactions and found a Bitcoin wallet containing $ 3 million which they say is linked to the self-proclaimed Islamic State terror group and Friday 's Paris attacks .
© REUTERS / Vincent Kessler Charlie Hebdo Magazine Publishes Cartoon Dedicated to Paris Attacks
It had previously been reported by Deutsche Welle that the extremist group has been experimenting with currency such as gold and Bitcoin to stay off the radar . One wallet , believed to be in possession of IS affiliates , had received $ 23 million in Bitcoin in September .
The day after the Paris attack one of the hackers was asked by News BTC whether Ghost Security Group noticed any abnormal activity from IS personnel or if there were any alarming signals .
“ Yes , we did detect several indicators of an attack impending and are currently in the process of collecting valuable evidence for United States government officials . I can not go into more detail at the moment on current investigations , ” the GhostSec representative told News BTC .
The group has stated that they believe Bitcoin to be IS ' primary form of cryptocurrency and located several websites on deep web that the terror group was using to obtain donations . GhostSec claims to have had several of those websites shut down .
IS has also recently minted and released its own currency , called the `` gold dinar . ''
Following the massacre in the French capital , in which 129 people were killed , Anonymous also launched # opParis , vowing to hunt down the social media accounts of all IS members , and warned them to prepare for cyberattacks .
“ Anonymous from all over the world will hunt you down . Expect massive cyberattacks . War is declared . Get prepared , '' the loosely knit hacktivist group warned in French .
`` You should know that we will find you , and we will not let you go . We will launch the biggest operation ever against you , '' the Anonymous spokesperson added . `` The French people are stronger than you and will come out of this atrocity even stronger . ''
A list of 1,000 alleged IS Twitter accounts has already been published by the group .
Previously , we took a look at the best moves that the Winnipeg Jets and general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff have made since the team returned to the NHL in 2011 . So , obviously , it 's only right to look at the other side of the spectrum with the worst moves the team has made since coming back .
From some poor free agent signings to a couple highly questionable trades , the Cheveldayoff has n't been able to bat a perfect 1.000 since taking over GM duties . Then again , what General Manager can honestly say he 's never gotten one wrong ?
With that being said , there are n't too many , but let 's take a look at the worst moves in recent Winnipeg Jets history . The list is in no particular order .
Olli Jokinen — 2 years , $ 9 million
Back during the summer of 2012 , the Jets wanted to bring in some veteran leadership for a young team looking to turn things around after a poor first season in Winnipeg . The signing of Jokinen was originally viewed by many to be a nice signing after the Finland native had produced 61 points in 82 games with the Calgary Flames .
Unfortunately , what the Jets wound up getting was a player who never lived up to the contract in their two seasons with the team . Jokinen scored just 14 points ( 7+7 ) in 45 games during their first season with Winnipeg . Though their second season was much better than the first , they only produced 43 points in 82 games before leaving during free agency .
Fans have viewed Jokinen as the stereotypical player who just plays well when a new contract is on the line , which makes them one of the worst moves in recent history .
Devin Setoguchi for a 2014 2nd round pick
When Cheveldayoff acquired Setoguchi during the summer of 2013 for a 2014 2nd round pick , fans were pretty excited about what they could potentially bring to the team .
Though it was n't expected for them to produce at the level they did in 2008-09 with San Jose when they had 65 points in 81 games , it was expected that they would help offensively on a team that needed it . However , what the Jets and their fans got was a player who just did n't consistently perform in their only year with the team .
Setoguchi scored just 11 goals and 27 points in 75 games with the Jets , which did n't even see them crack the top 10 in terms of points for the team . The fact that Cheveldayoff gave up a 2nd round pick for that type of production easily makes this one of the worst moves in recent history .
Alexei Ponikarovsky — 1 year , $ 1.8 million
In addition to the asupervisorstioned Jokinen signing , Winnipeg also added the veteran power forward . Their sixth team in three years , Ponikarovsky was a cheap free agent addition to a Jets team needing veteran players .
Worst move in recent Jets history Olli Jokinen signing Devin Setoguchi trade Alexei Ponikarovsky signing Eric Fehr trade Other Please Specify : Poll Maker
Though their production dropped off severely after their 61 point season with Toronto during the 2008-09 season , Ponikarovsky was a player who was given the opportunity on the top lines with the Jets . Sadly , they did n't return the favor to then-head coach Claude Noel .
In 12 games with the Jets , Ponikarovsky scored just two goals . Their lack of ability to “ click in ” with the team forced the Jets to deal them less than three weeks into the season .
From the outside , this really does n't look like it should belong on any “ worst moves ” list . However , based on what the team expected and what the Jets actually received while they were with them , the argument can be made that this is one of the worst moves Cheveldayoff has made . The only bright spot is that they were able to two draft picks out of New Jersey in a trade .
Eric Fehr for a prospect and a pick
With the Jets set to return to the NHL in October 2011 , the newly-hired Cheveldayoff decided to change up the roster a bit before the start of the season . One of the moves the new GM made was acquiring forward Eric Fehr from the Washington Captials for prospect Danick Paquette and a 4th round pick in the 2012 NHL Draft .
In their first , and only , season with the Jets , Fehr was nothing short of a disappointment . In 35 games with the club , the former Capitals winger scored just two goals and added one assist . Not really the best production by a player who was acquired for two pieces .
Sure , Paquette has n't panned out for Washington just yet , but Thomas DiPauli , the player picked with the 4th round pick , is still honing their craft at Notre Dame . Once done there , we 'll know exactly what the Capitals have with the young center .
That being said , the fact that it took two pieces to acquire a player who produced just three points makes the Fehr trade one of the worst in recent history .
Are we all Martians ? According to many planetary scientists , it 's conceivable that all life on Earth is descended from organisms that originated on Mars and were carried here aboard meteorites . If that 's the case , an instrument being developed by researchers at MIT and Harvard could provide the clinching evidence .
In order to detect signs of past or present life on Mars — if it is in fact true that we 're related — then a promising strategy would be to search for DNA or RNA , and specifically for particular sequences of these molecules that are nearly universal in all forms of terrestrial life . That 's the strategy being pursued by MIT research scientist Christopher Carr and postdoctoral associate Clarissa Lui , working with Maria Zuber , head of MIT 's Department of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences ( EAPS ) , and Gary Ruvkun , a molecular biologist at the Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University , who came up with the instrument concept and put together the initial team . Lui presented a summary of their proposed instrument , called the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Genomes ( SETG ) , at the IEEE Aerospace Conference this month in Big Sky , Mont .
The idea is based on several facts that have now been well established . First , in the early days of the solar system , the climates on Mars and the Earth were much more similar than they are now , so life that took hold on one planet could presumably have survived on the other . Second , an estimated one billion tons of rock have traveled from Mars to Earth , blasted loose by asteroid impacts and then traveling through interplanetary space before striking Earth 's surface . Third , microbes have been shown to be capable of surviving the initial shock of such an impact , and there is some evidence they could also survive the thousands of years of transit through space before arriving at another planet .
So the various steps needed for life to have started on one planet and spread to another are all plausible . Additionally , orbital dynamics show that it 's about 100 times easier for rocks to travel from Mars to Earth than the other way . So if life got started there first , microbes could have been carried here and we might all be its descendants .
So what ?
If we are descendants from Mars , there might be important lessons to be learned about our own biological origins by studying biochemistry on our neighbor planet , where biological traces erased long ago here on Earth might have been preserved in the Martian deep freeze .
The MIT researchers ' device would take samples of Martian soil and isolate any living microbes that might be present , or microbial remnants ( which can be preserved for about up to a million years and still contain viable DNA ) , and separate out the genetic material in order to use standard biochemical techniques to analyze their genetic sequences .
`` It 's a long shot , '' Carr concedes , `` but if we go to Mars and find life that 's related to us , we could have originated on Mars . Or if it started here , it could have been transferred to Mars . '' Either way , `` we could be related to life on Mars . So we should at least be looking for life on Mars that 's related to us . ''
Even a few years ago , that might have seemed like more of a long shot , but recent Mars orbiter and rover missions have clearly shown that Mars once had abundant water , and many of the conditions thought to be needed to support life . And although the surface of Mars today is too cold and dry to support known life forms , there is evidence that liquid water may exist not far below the surface . `` On Mars today , the best place to look for life is in the subsurface , '' Carr says .
So the team has been developing a device that could take a sample of Martian soil from below the surface — perhaps dredged up by a rover equipped with a deep drill — and process it to separate out any possible organisms , amplify their DNA or RNA using the same techniques used for forensic DNA testing on Earth , and then use biochemical markers to search for signs of particular , genetic sequences that are nearly universal among all known life forms .
The researchers estimate that it could take two more years to complete the design and testing of a prototype SETG device . Although the proposed device has not yet been selected for any upcoming Mars mission , a future mission with a lander or rover equipped with a drill could potentially carry this life-detection instrument .
No instrument has been sent to Mars specifically to look for evidence of life since NASA 's twin Viking landers in 1976 , which produced tantalizing but ambiguous results . An instrument on the Mars Science Lander to be launched in the fall will investigate chemistry relevant to life . The instrument from the MIT-Harvard team directly addresses Earth-like molecular biology .
Christopher McKay , an astrobiologist at NASA-Ames Research Center in California who specializes in research related to the possibility of life on Mars , says this work is `` very interesting and important . '' They say , `` it is not implausible that life on Mars will be related to life on Earth and therefore share a common genetics . In any case it would be important to test this hypothesis . '' But they add that there is another motive for doing this research as well : `` From an astronaut health and safety point of view and from a return-sample point of view , there is more to worry about '' if there are organisms closely related to us on Mars , since a microbe that is similar is much more likely to be infectious to terrestrial life forms than would a totally alien microbe — so it is very important to be able to detect such life forms if they are present on Mars . In addition , this method could also detect any biological contamination on Mars that has been brought by spacecraft from Earth .
This kind of test is something we have the ability to do , they say , and therefore , although such an experiment has not yet been formally approved , `` it seems improbable to me that we will do a serious search for life on Mars and not do this test . ''
I was having a telephone chat with the founder of AGLOCO last night and they pointed me to a story in InfowWorld about Microsoft 's plan to share search engine revenue with their users .
Gates said that search engines like Google Inc. get their revenues from advertising because people use these search engines . “ Google 's business model is not based on free software , ” Gates said . “ Their business model is based on advertisements from which they make a lot of money. ” But they do n't share these advertising revenues with the end users who help them get the revenue , Gates said . “ Google keeps all of the money with itself , ” they added . ( Through its AdSense program , Google does share advertising revenue with Web site publishers who carry ads that Google sells to advertisers . ) In its bid to share revenues with users , Microsoft may give free software or even cash to users , said Gates , who did not discuss further details .
That is definitely interesting news and will be a huge departure from how search is done today . Agloco 's founder , Akshay Mavani , says this is the future of the internet . Companies are discovering just how valuable their user bases are , and offering them free services , like search or video sharing , is no longer enough . Users are starting to see that it was they who built YouTude and when it was sold for $ 1.65 billion , the users got nothing while the management team got rich .
Microsoft 's move to share search engine revenue with users may have come about because they realize the value of the user base , or maybe it 's just a move to get Google search engine users to switch over . MS has billions sitting in the bank so they can certainly afford to do this .
The question I have for you ; would you switch to MS search if Microsoft shared its search revenue with you ?
The Detroit Lions open training camp on August 3 and with it , the 2015 season will commence . In a change from most seasons , the Lions are coming off a playoff berth and one of the best seasons in franchise history .
Can the Lions repeat that ? Each day from now until training camp , we will look at one position group to prepare for the 2015 season .
Position : Offensive line
Starters : Riley Reiff ( LT ) ; Laken Tomlinson ( LG ) ; Travis Swanson ( C ) ; Larry Warford ( RG ) ; Cornelius Lucas ( RT )
Backups : LaAdrian Waddle , Manny Ramirez , Al Bond , Darren Keyton , Torrian Wilson , Braxston Cave , Taylor Boggs , Michael Williams , Corey Robinson , Xavier Proctor
Position status : Revamped , but stable
Larry Warford and the Lions will be looking for some continuity along the offensive line in 2015 . AP Photo/Rick Osentoski
Position thoughts : The Lions had to do something after their rough 2014 season with the offensive line . Only one starter , Rob Sims , played every game , the team allowed a career-high 45 sacks of Matthew Stafford , and the rushing offense was in the bottom 10 in the league .
So Detroit pushed to get much younger and did so on the interior , drafting Laken Tomlinson in the first round . It also had Travis Swanson take over for the departed Dominic Raiola . The Lions are counting on both players to hold off Manny Ramirez and become opening-day starters . Larry Warford is hoping to make improvements after a good first two seasons in the NFL , and Riley Reiff is a consistent , above-average left tackle .
Right tackle is the main concern . Lucas has the job now as LaAdrian Waddle is coming off knee surgery , and the timetable for their return is unclear . They should slide into the starting lineup when they do return . Waddle had a strong rookie campaign in 2013 , but they could n't stay healthy in 2014 . Getting them back to form is going to be key for the line 's success .
More than anything with this line , though , will be continuity . As long as the team can avoid the consistent injury issues from 2014 , the line should be better than last year 's version . Depth is a major question -- beyond Ramirez and the Waddle/Lucas loser , there is no one with any significant playing time -- but the Lions have some young talent in the first five . Should they stay healthy , they could be Detroit 's offensive line for the next half-decade .
What the Lions need to see in camp : This starts with Tomlinson . They did n't receive many first-team reps during spring workouts , and while that was noticeable , it wo n't be a concern if Tomlinson ends up working with the first team early next month . The bigger issue would come if Ramirez is still playing first team left guard over Tomlinson a couple of weeks into the preseason . If that happens , then Detroit needs to start worrying about its first-round pick .
Health will be a big factor as the depth is n't great so getting the top five through camp without injury is critical . Seeing Warford take another step toward being a potential Pro Bowl-caliber player could settle things on the inside and give Swanson an interior anchor to rely on .
It will be interesting to watch the reserves , as Michael Williams will push for the No . 4 tackle spot with Corey Robinson . They should win it if they continue to make the correct development . The interior is a little trickier , and none of the guys beyond the three starters and Ramirez have made much of a move . Detroit should hope at least one or two separate themselves for either a depth roster spot or the practice squad .
Who ends up on the roster : Tackles : Reiff , Lucas , Waddle , Williams . Guards : Tomlinson , Warford , Ramirez . Center : Swanson .
At this point , I 'm pretty certain that there 's a switch somewhere in Google 's code for its Search algorithm that someone keeps flipping on and off inadvertently ... or maybe they like toying with people 's workflows and feelings .
Two months ago , we reported that setting reminders in Search on a desktop was not working anymore . The feature had been introduced in 2015 and worked by simply typing , `` remind me to something '' in Google Search on a desktop . It was quite handy since it blended in with your workflow while on your desk , not requiring you shout at your phone or manually type it in . After being broken for about a month , we verified last September that reminders were working again and thought that 'd be the end of a bad bug or mistake on Google 's part .
It should not do this .
Well , not so much . Setting reminders does n't work now and has n't worked for a couple of days since we started getting tips about it . We thought we 'd give Google the benefit of the doubt and wait for a fix , but nope , it 's still there . So here we are policing Google again and bringing the bug back to everyone 's attention in hopes that it gets solved , and maybe for good this time .
More than a century ago , a former member of congress from Nebraska electrified delegates gathered in Chicago for the Democratic National Convention with a stirring denunciation of Wall Street and the monied interests that would put an over-indebted country through a wrenching recession in order to maintain the gold standard .
`` You shall not press down upon the brow of labor this crown of thorns , '' bellowed William Jennings Bryan as they brought the convention to its feet . `` You shall not crucify humankind upon the cross of gold . ''
The world has supposedly learned a thing or two about economics since Bryan 's day , including the limits of clinging mindlessly to hard money during depressions and bouts of price deflation . But you 'd never know it listening to the newly empowered and emboldened Republicans who have returned to Washington determined not just to reduce government 's role in the economy , but to thoroughly emasculate it .
Their latest target is the Federal Reserve , whose sin seems to be that it has taken seriously its dual mandate to maintain price stability ( that is , to prevent inflationary or deflationary spirals from taking hold ) while encouraging full employment . Over the summer , when it became clear to Fed officials that their policy of zero interest rates might not be sufficient to stop prices from falling and unemployment from rising , they began laying out publicly the justification for injecting yet more money into the economy by buying $ 600 billion of longer-term Treasury bonds .
This policy of `` quantitative easing , '' has its detractors , including this columnist , who warned that it would prove more effective at creating asset bubbles at home and abroad than at stimulating productive investment and job creation . There was even some skepticism within the Fed when the policy was finally approved two weeks ago . Now , however , those disagreements have been seized upon by Republican ideologues and partisan opportunists who are intent on punishing the Fed for its participation in the bank bailouts and discrediting all forms of Keynesian monetary and fiscal stimulus .
The first efforts to turn Ben Bernanke into a modern day William Jennings Bryan came from those giants of economic thinking , Rush Limbaugh and Sarah Palin . A few days later the mantle was taken up by a group of Republican economists and policy wonks who gathered at the University of Pennsylvania Club in Manhattan to craft a public letter criticizing the Fed .
Then last weekend at the Group of 20 meeting in Seoul , the Republican campaign for `` hard money '' received aid and comfort from foreign leaders concerned that quantitative easing might substitute American jobs for Chinese and German ones . Also jumping on the bandwagon was Robert Zoellick , the American president of the World Bank , who no doubt hoped to boost their prospects as the next Republican Treasury Secretary by floating the idea of a partial return to the gold standard .
Finally Tuesday , Rep. Mike Pence , the third-ranking Republican in the House , and Sen. Bob Corker , an influential Republican on the Senate Banking Committee , announced a proposal to strip the Fed of its `` dual mandate '' that would have the central bank focus solely on ensuring price stability without the distraction of also worrying that 15 million Americans are unemployed and underemployed . `` The Fed 's dual mandate policy has failed , '' Pence declared , citing the stubbornly high unemployment rate . It 's not exactly clear how unemployed workers would benefit from the Fed 's benign neglect .
If you want a serious discussion about changing the structure or mandate of the fire department , the time to have it is not when the entire squad is out fighting a three-alarm blaze . That 's exactly the situation with the Federal Reserve and the debate over the dual mandate . Only two weeks after the midterm election , it seems clear that the 2012 campaign has begun . For too many Republicans , the aim is to politicize policy , trash the institutions of government and intimidate anyone who might disagree with their radical ideology .
There 's no better proof of that than the so-called debate over extending the Bush tax cuts on incomes above $ 250,000 . Unable to defend more tax cuts for the rich , Republicans like to pretend that their real concern is for job creation , citing the fact that about half of all business profits now flow through partnerships and small corporations that are taxed at personal rates .
But look more closely at the argument and it turns out to be `` largely bogus , '' according to Eric Toder , a former Treasury and IRS official who now works at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center . Very few of those businesses earn more than $ 250,000 in profit , and those that do tend to be very successful hedge funds and law firms that are flush with cash and unlikely to be dissuaded from hiring extra employees or make new investments because of a 4 percentage-point change in the marginal tax . Because most hiring and investment can be done with pre-tax dollars , Toder said , the tax rate is largely irrelevant to those decisions .
That 's the micro view . The macro view , from the forecasting firm Macroeconomic Advisers of St. Louis , is that not extending tax cuts for high-income households would reduce gross domestic product growth by - drumroll here - two-tenths of one percent in each of the next two years . And the difference in the unemployment rate ? A whopping one tenth of one percent !
These inconvenient truths , however , are simply ignored by Republicans , who would have us all believe that extending upper-income tax cuts is the most crucial economic issue we face - not just this year but for all time .
In fact , if Republicans were truly interested in reducing the deficit while stimulating private-sector job creation , they would have jumped to embrace the idea floated last week by Sen. Mark Warner , the centrist Democrat from Virginia : let high-end tax rates return to where they were during the Clinton years and use the $ 65 billion in additional income over the next two years for tax breaks for businesses that increase investments or hire new employees . After that , the extra revenue would go toward deficit reduction .
And how many of Warner 's Republican colleagues have called to express interest in their idea ? So far , not a one .
Share . Will continue to work on games in the background . Will continue to work on games in the background .
Spec Ops : The Line lead narrative designer Walt Williams is leaving 2K Games and AAA game development to `` try something new , '' they revealed on Twitter recently .
“ I 'll still be working in games , but in the background , ” Williams wrote . “ Which means there wo n't be a `` next game '' for a while . BUT -- there will be books . ”
After 9 years of working at 2K Games , I 'm sad to announce that today is my last day . — Walt Williams ( @ waltdwilliams ) September 5 , 2014
I 'm not leaving games , but I am leaving AAA . Not b/c I do n't love it -- I totally do . I just want to try something new . — Walt Williams ( @ waltdwilliams ) September 5 , 2014
Williams worked on numerous AAA titles during their nine years at 2K Games , the most recent being Turtle Rock Studios ' upcoming co-operative first-person shooter Evolve and Firaxis Games ' turn-based strategy title Sid Meier 's Civilization : Beyond Earth .
The writer was notably the lead narrative designer for Yager 's third-person shooter Spec Ops : The Line , released in 2012 . We chatted with Williams about the game 's story and how hallucination is used as a device to challenge and deceive players .
Thank you , Joystiq .
Jenna Pitcher is a freelance journalist writing for IGN . You can follow them on Twitter .
GREEN BAY , Wis. -- The Green Bay Packers envision Damarious Randall as the `` star '' of their defense this season .
It 's a different role in so many ways for the 2015 first-round draft pick .
In the literal sense , it 's a new position ; the `` star '' is another name for the nickel or slot cornerback position in Dom Capers ' five defensive back package . In a figurative sense , it could put Randall in a position to become the defensive star the Packers thought they would be when they picked them at No . 30 overall two years ago .
Randall , 24 , flopped last season when the Packers needed them to take over as the team 's No . 1 cornerback on the outside after Sam Shields ' season – and Packers career – ended with a Week 1 concussion . Whether it was an injury – Randall underwent groin surgery midway through the season and missed six games – or just plain poor play , the Packers ultimately went with an undrafted free agent from the same draft class , LaDarius Gunter , as their No . 1 cornerback when it mattered most late in the season and in the playoffs .
After a disappointing 2016 season , the Packers hope a change to the `` star '' position suits Damarious Randall . Larry Radloff/Icon Sportswire
For two years , the Packers tried to turn Randall from the safety they were at Arizona State into an outside cover man in the NFL . But it was in an offseason review of their defense that Capers , cornerbacks Joe Whitt and coach Mike McCarthy decided to move Randall inside into the role – the `` star '' – similar to the one previously played by the likes of Micah Hyde and Charles Woodson .
“ It 's a lot of what they did in college , first off , ” Whitt said last week during the Packers ' minicamp . “ He 's comfortable being inside , they have good quickness , they have good instincts , they have the ability to see and catch the flash of the football , he 's a smart player . I think he 's becoming a better communicator on the field and so they have the ability to be successful inside there . ”
With Randall in the slot , the Packers used Gunter and veteran free-agent pickup Davon House at the outside cornerback spots in the No . 1 defense during the offseason practices . Top draft pick Kevin King , however , is expected to compete for one of those two spots but did n't take any 11-on-11 reps in minicamp after missing all the OTA practices because their school ( the University of Washington ) was still in session .
At 5-foot-11 and 196 pounds , Randall is a tad smaller than Hyde ( 6-0 , 196 ) and Woodson ( 6-1 , 202 ) , who were excellent tacklers and blitzers .
“ I think he 's going to be not only a player that can cover in the slot but also add to the blitz game , ” Whitt said . “ I do n't know if he 'll be as impactful as Wood was , but I can see them being right along with Micah and being that type of players when it comes to the blitz game . ”
In a minicamp practice without pads , Randall showed a flash of that with a would-be sack during a no-huddle period .
“ Tackling 's hard to evaluate this time of the year , ” Capers said . “ We 'll have to see as we work our way through training camp and the preseason with how they do with that . I think he 's a willing guy to throw their body around . He 's not the biggest guy that you would have inside there . If we felt we needed to get bigger in there , you 've got guys like Morgan Burnett or Josh Jones , who are the bigger body types . I think he 'll have a good combination of coverage skill , blitz skill and playmaking ability . ”
It 's a role that Randall insists they like even though it could mean he 's on the field less because they would n't be in the traditional base 3-4 defense . However , Capers ' history is that they play far more sub defense – nickel or dime – than base .
“ If you 're on the field 75 percent of the season , I feel like you 're a starter , ” Randall said .
“ It 's more of a playmaking-type role . It 's a spot that any given play can be a game-changing play . It 's effort and running to the ball , that 's the type position it is . ”
Randall insisted that they have nothing to prove after last season 's disappointment , saying all they needed was to get healthy . Meanwhile , McCarthy offered high praise for Randall 's offseason work .
“ If there 's one that really jumps out to me , it 's Damarious Randall 's had an outstanding offseason , ” McCarthy said . “ You can see their play at the nickel , the star position , we call it . ”
In a recent archeological excavation in the Tabasco state of Mexico , around 116 Mayan burials were discovered , 66 of which were deposited in funeral ballot boxes while the rest were scattered around the urns .
Archeologists at the National Institute of Anthropology and History ( INAH ) , who were involved in this excavation , claimed that this finding is very important . They believe that the finding represents the reclaimed greater skeletal sample in that region of the Mayan area , which could be an associated pre-Hispanic cemetery to this culture .
Possibly , the 66 found in the ballot boxes correspond to individuals pertaining to the Mayan elite and the 50 rest - that were rich in diverse positions around and on the foot of them to their companions , stated archaeologist Ricardo Armijo , coordinator of the archaeological rescue .
The funeral deposits were found underneath three mounds in the area that had been devastated previously by agricultural activities .
The preliminary analysis of these materials suggests burials would have them between 1.161 and 1.200 years of antiquity , since they correspond to the Terminal Classic period , said Armijo .
However , detailed studies to confirm the theory are yet to be carried out . Get a glimpse of the archeological findings below :
On August 5 , 2015 , the LA Galaxy announced it has signed 22-year-old defender David Romney from Los Dos to the senior team . This summer Romney has made three appearances for the senior squad , having played one half in each of the LA Galaxy 's friendlies against Club América and FC Barcelona , and a full ninety minutes during the Galaxy 's loss to Houston last week . Romney , a native of Irvine , California , previously played for the University of San Francisco men 's soccer team and amateur club San Francisco City FC . Romney , 6 ' 2 ” , is a versatile defender – they have played a variety of positions during their academy development and consequently enjoys getting forward and participating in the attack .
The LA Galaxy back-line has had more than its fair share of injuries this season which , when taken in conjunction with the Galaxy 's congested schedule and the international obligations of many of its players , has opened up opportunities for Los Dos players to get senior team minutes and several players have made convincing cases that they 're ready for MLS . Indeed , Romney 's versatility as a defender may have played a role in getting their call-up since certain HIGHLY ASTUTE fans pointed out earlier this year that the Galaxy could be facing a left-back shortage :
@ GalaxyPodcast Any Dunivant update ? W/ Robbie 's achilles , we could be running into a left back shortage . — Wendy Thomas ( @ bardsblond ) July 22 , 2015
When the Galaxy 's primary left-back , Robbie Rogers , and its back-up left back , Todd Dunivant , both became unavailable due to nagging injuries , Romney filled in at left-back against Houston and performed so well that Bruce Arena praised Romney 's performance as one of the highlights in an otherwise poor team showing in Texas . On receiving their first call-up to the senior team , Romney said , “ Growing up in Irvine , this being my favorite team , my favorite club , it 's kindof an honor to play for this team… ”
There is an embarrassment of riches both at Los Dos and in the LA Galaxy Academy system . In the coming years , it is likely that the LA Galaxy will move away from the Superdraft as a source of signing new players and focus exclusively on those it has developed . This year , players like Raúl Mendiola , who is tied for the most assists in the USL this season , and Ariel Lassiter ( son of Roy Lassiter ) , have showed very well for Los Dos . And with the recent announcement that the LA Galaxy will be opening up a high school for their academy , it is only a matter of time before the Galaxy add a few more players from the academy to Los Dos .
Comments
comments
Johnson , left , writes that he 's running for president with Bill Weld as the only alternative on the ballot in all 50 states to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . ( Photo : Bryan R. Smith / Getty Images )
In life and politics , you need to keep going and put one foot in front of the other . That was my personal mantra when I climbed Mount Everest in 2003 , after I served two terms as the Republican governor of a Democratic state .
I 'm running for president as the only alternative to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton on the ballot in all 50 states . My running mate , Gov . Bill Weld , and I have always known that many extraordinary things needed to happen for us to win .
Some of those things have happened : Young people and independents have connected with our message . We continue to draw support from all four corners of our nation — from Alaska to Maine , from the Dakotas to my home state of New Mexico — as well as heartland states of Illinois , Michigan and Ohio .
The “ system ” has n't made it easy . The two-party Commission on Presidential Debates excluded Weld and myself — in spite of the urgings from former politicians , newspapers , and a majority of Americans . And seeing our strength among millennials and young independents , Super PACs and pro-Democrat outlets have launched unprecedented attacks against us . It is entirely possible these groups will end up spending more attacking me than our third party challenge will spend in total .
Trump makes disqualifying and false statements almost daily . Clinton 's ethical and potential legal troubles are accumulating hourly . Yet , the mouthpieces for both sides find it necessary to engage in a “ gotcha ” campaign against a thoroughly vetted , experienced and successful former governor who tells the truth , abhors hypocrisy and actually has a track record of success both in public service and business .
Their latest fun at my expense has been to seize upon a rather heated interview in which I clearly ran out of patience with loaded questions , foregone conclusions cloaked in journalism , and flat-out incorrect assumptions .
Yes , I got animated . Animated was reported as “ losing it. ” I do a lot of things , but “ losing it ” is n't one of them . I built a multi-million dollar business from scratch , served two terms as a Republican governor in a Democratic state — on the overall scale of challenges in my life , dealing with a loaded interview from a guy with a video camera does n't even register .
Americans deserve leaders they can actually know and believe . They deserve the truth , and frankly , they deserve a break from politicians and their media surrogates who measure their worth in internet clicks .
We have a $ 20 trillion debt , a government health care system teetering on collapse , children dying in bombing raids in Syria — and my exchange with a reporter is news ? Come on .
Call me naive , but I think Americans care about the issues . And on the issues , Weld and I are the only candidates pledging to deliver a balanced budget , and the only ticket that is pro-free trade .
We are the only candidates with proven records of cutting taxes and reducing the size of government . On foreign policy , we offer a clear difference from Clinton 's plan to continue meddling in the Middle East , and Trump 's trademark unpredictability .
Finally , we offer a pathway to national reconciliation on civil liberties , including the First Amendment 's protections for free exercise of religion , for political speech , the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms , and the simple proposition that everyone deserves equal protection under the law .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2fcht61
Sen Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) ca n't seem to hold back their excitement about Pope Francis , the Catholic leader widely heralded for their commitment to social issues .
Though Sanders ' praise of Pope Francis is nothing new , he 's taken many opportunities to reiterate their support since the pope 's arrival to the United States Tuesday afternoon . In a floor speech that took place just as the pope was landing in Washington , the senator and Democratic presidential hopeful lauded Pope Francis for `` speaking out with courage and brilliance about some of the most important issues facing our world . '' The speech went on for 11 minutes .
Later Tuesday , in an interview with with MSNBC 's Chris Hayes , Sanders said they believed Pope Francis `` has played just an extraordinary and brilliant and courageous role on this planet over the last several years . ''
`` He 's dealing with issues that very few people in Congress are prepared to deal with , '' Sanders said .
The senator admitted that they disagree with Pope Francis on women 's right to choose and marriage equality , but said the pope 's stance on climate change has been `` hugely important . '' They referenced Pope Francis ' 192-page encyclical on the environment in which the pontiff called climate change the Earth 's response to the “ irresponsible use and abuse of the goods that God placed in her . ”
`` That is a profound statement which I see already having a significant impact on the debate , '' they told Hayes .
NICHOLAS KAMM via Getty Images
Sanders continued their praise Wednesday morning in a CNN interview prior to the pope 's arrival at the White House , saying the the Catholic leader has reached beyond the church `` to people all over the world , and with an incredibly strong message of social justice . ''
`` He is saying that as a planet , as a people we have got to do better , '' Sanders said , touting the pope 's progressive agenda .
`` He 's looking in the eyes of the wealthiest people of this country ... and he 's saying , 'You know what , you can not continue to ignore the needs of the poor , you can not continue to ignore the needs of the sick . ' ''
The support mounted in a Wednesday Facebook post , in which Sanders said Pope Francis ' contributions go beyond their push for climate action and addressing economic inequality .
`` He is asking us to become a different kind of person , where our happiness and well-being comes from serving others and being part of the human community , '' Sanders wrote .
Pope Francis is not just asking us to alleviate poverty and move toward a more equitable distribution of wealth and ... Posted by U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders on Wednesday , September 23 , 2015
Umphrey 's McGee Milwaukee umVIP Ultimate Giveaway
It seems like it was just yesterday that we were ringing in the new year with Umphrey 's McGee in Chicago .
That was one hell of a run . The band has logged many miles in three short months since then , and now find themselves just 87 miles North of Chicago at one of the premier theaters in the Midwest , Milwaukee 's Riverside Theater . They 're set to perform three nights on March 30th , 31st & April 1st , with Midwest natives Earphorik to open on 3/30 .
The final night of the run happens to fall on April Fools ' Day , so who knows what the band has in store , considering their history of mischievous Halloween runs in Milwaukee .
But while you 're deciding on which of these shows to buy tickets for , why not also set yourself up for a chance at all three . Umphrey 's McGee and Tomorrow 's Verse will give one lucky reader a shot at that -- and in style .
Here 's what the umVIP prize pack includes :
umVIP ticket to all three nights , March 30th , 31st , and April 1st
Access to the umVIP preferred viewing area in the front balcony
Early entry all three nights
Private meet and greet with the band on March 31st
Open bar during the meet and greet
Signed , limited edition event poster
Exclusive umVIP merch item
Commemorative umVIP event laminate
MP3 downloads of all three shows
Dedicated umVIP staff available throughout the weekend
Entering is simple . Just fill out the form below and we 'll draw one entry and random and inform you on Wednesday , March 29th .
Show Details
March 30th , 2017
With special guests Earphorik
Doors : 7pm
Show : 8pm
Buy Tickets
March 31st , 2017
An evening with Umphrey 's McGee
Doors : 8pm
Show : 9pm
Buy Tickets
April 1st , 2017
An Evening with Umphrey 's McGee
Doors : 8pm
Show : 9pm
Buy Tickets
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE has extended their lead to 9 points over Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in the battleground state of Pennsylvania , a new poll finds .
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , has 47 percent support to Trump 's 38 percent , according to a Franklin & Marshall College Poll released Tuesday .
Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson Gary Earl JohnsonPotential GOP primary challenger : Trump 's 'contempt for the American people ' behind possible bid The Hill 's 12:30 Report — Presented by Kidney Care Partners — Trump escalates border fight with emergency declaration Former Mass . governor takes step toward Trump primary challenge MORE has 5 percent , with Green Party nominee Jill Stein at 0 percent .
The result is encouraging for Clinton , who had led the state by between 1 and 4 points in most recent polls .
Both major-party nominees have made Pennsylvania a priority , peppering the state with advertising and campaign events . Last week alone , both Trump , the Republican nominee , and running mate Mike Pence Michael ( Mike ) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to ... ' UN nuclear watchdog : Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE had events in the Keystone State , while first lady Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE — a top Clinton surrogate — spoke in Philadelphia .
Franklin & Marshall College conducted its poll of 496 likely voters in Pennsylvania via online and telephone interviews from Sept. 28 to Oct. 2 . It has a margin of error of 6.1 percentage points .
A new crop of applications is driving the market along some unexpected routes , in some cases bypassing the processor as the landmark for performance and efficiency . While there is no end in sight for the CPUs dominant role , at least not until Moore 's Law has been buried along the roadside , there is another path—this time , down memory lane .
Just as machine learning oriented applications represent the next development platform , memory appears to be the next platform for compute , especially with all the options coming down the pike . Phase change memory , memristors , resistive RAM , 3D XPoint , and others are on the research horizon . And while this wo n't extend to all application areas , given the thrust of machine learning and memory bandwidth and capacity-strained applications , the more that can be packed into memory and computed on directly , the more efficient and high performance applications will be .
Capacity , capability , and data movement-wise , stacked memory is the one expected to live up to the hype in the nearest term . But what is not often cited when it comes to 3D memory is how much of the compute burden the logic layer inside stacked memory device can shoulder . One of the reasons we have been paying attention to this is because of a new set of custom processors for machine learning and other specialized workloads which take advantage of to compute inside the logic layer , relegating the host CPU to mere housekeeping tasks . Of course , another use case will be in top supercomputers , albeit next to CPUs and accelerators that can not play second fiddle to a simple logic layer .
Supercomputing use cases aside , a look at the logic layer inside a hybrid memory cube ( HMC ) device can be thought of a fully capable SoC—one with expanding capabilities on the horizon , including the addition of FPGAs for reconfigurable logic . The goal , according to Micron 's Steve Pawlowski , is to make memory the core compute brick or building block beginning with the new set of applications that do n't require wide vectors , double-precision capabilities , and the inefficiencies of a beefy general purpose server processor .
In the three decades they spent at Intel , most recently as a senior fellow , Pawlowski and teams could comfortably push compute capabilities from the processor level with only a second glance at the role of memory . However , at the edge of Moore 's Law , with memory bandwidth as the next great bottleneck , they started to see that the next wave of capabilities might be better aligned with memory—at least conceptually . This realization landed them at Micron , where , still in partnership with Intel , Pawlowski is focusing on the increased role of memory in both data storage and compute .
The misconception about HMC and high bandwidth memory ( HBM ) is that these logic layers contain highly specialized functions . This is not the case at all ; there are memory controllers with some limited arithmetic functions , but for areas like machine learning , that is all that 's needed . Outside of the supercomputing use cases where 64-bit procession is needed , the real emphasis is on memory capacity and memory bandwidth . “ The whole idea is that to create a system where we can optimize to get as much efficiency as possible by optimizing the bandwidth per core and maintaining that as the system scales . You can do all of that in these small modules of logic as compute bricks . ”
To re-emphasize , even though there is great potential in computing in memory , the devices now are n't complex . That logic layer is just a simple piece inside of something equal simple—at least in theory . There is a memory controller with the HMC broken into 32 elements that span through the memory . A request comes in , it looks to see where it is routed within those 32 elements and individual controllers for independent requests bring the data together and present it back out . In essence , it 's like taking the memory controller out of the CPU and putting it into the logic layer . There are things that can be done from that point , of course , including adding error correction and such , but with added features come added costs , both monetary and software-wise .
“ What 's in the layer now is the ability to talk to the memory stack and perform a limited set of operations . There are certain things you might want to do that would otherwise require going back to the processor and that is a waste of energy . This is what is possible now , but what we are looking at in the follow-on generations is where do some processing in the logic layer and some in the memory . This is fairly long term , but we 've already found we can improve things like sort by orders of magnitude by creating a sort table inside the memory device itself , for example , ” Pawlowski tells The Next Platform .
While it might be optimistic to say that memory is the next platform today , what Pawlowski points to on the horizon is compelling , especially for memory-limited application areas . Of course , this does come with a hefty price—and not just in terms of the hardware development . Significant application retooling or rewriting will be necessary and that is something that Micron is hesitant to push to the market too quickly , especially given the existing high costs of current and future HMC devices . “ There are things today that we are trying to optimize not only for the memory operation but for to compute in a way that wo n't have an impact on the software model , ” they say . “ If you go in today with this new thing and see that everything needs to be rewritten , even if there are advantages , it is not going to take off . We are trying to stage it in terms of adding new features over time so the impact to ecosystems will be more gradual . What we 'll find at 14nm or 7nm is a tremendous amount of logic area to put things like reconfigurable fabrics and cores and have them take advantage of being fairly close to memory .
The other optimistic angle here is that eventually HMC and HBM devices will be able to do more when strung together . For now , we can have very high bandwidth in a single device matched with the all-important logic layer . However , if all of that speed and efficiency ca n't scale , it will be limited in scope . There are plans in the works at Micron and AMD to address this , including work on a DoD Fast Forward program , but again , these are forward-looking technologies .
For now , however , if machine learning applications are the bellweather for what future systems need to look like , there is great promise on the memory horizon . The more compute that is added pushes performance higher—and the more work done to make all of this scale into massive systems only ups the game for this new breed of applications . As Pawlowski says , “ In my career at Intel , I spent much of my time trying to pack more math performance into wider vectors and push precision , but when you look at what is next for applications and machine learning , the biggest bottleneck is just keeping those processors fed . Having the data be resident and bringing to compute close for higher efficiency is important there and as that logic layer builds , we will see more applications that can benefit . ”
For someone who was n't supposed to make it , Matthew Dellavedova should be considered as a picture of success .
With a championship ring on their finger and a shoe line to boot , they have gone a long way since being undrafted in the 2013 NBA Draft .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dellavedova also had the golden opportunity to play alongside two once-in-a-generation players in LeBron James and Giannis Antetokounmpo .
“ I 'm really lucky to have gotten a chance to play with them , ” they said Friday during the official launch of the Peak Store at Robinson 's Place Manila in Ermita .
The Australian playmaker spent their first three years in the league playing back up for Kyrie Irving in Cleveland and also saw up-close how hard James works on and off the court .
“ I was lucky enough to play with Lebron for two years and there 's a reason why he 's the best player in the world . They just works so hard every day , watching game tape , and I really learned a lot from him , ” they said .
The Cavaliers went to two Finals during their stay there , winning the 2016 NBA Championship after battling back from a 1-3 deficit against the famed Golden State Warriors .
That experience , Dellavedova shared , truly helped them a lot when they decided to make the jump last year , leaving Cleveland to test their luck in Milwaukee .
ADVERTISEMENT
With the Bucks , the 6-foot-4 point guard saw first hand the transformation of Antetokounmpo from an intriguing Greek prospect to one of the league 's top players tiday .
“ Giannis is a really special guy . They just won the Most Improved Player and I think they could win that again next year because they do n't have the ceiling . I 'm looking forward to their future , ” they said .
Dellavedova also hopes they could see more Australian players roam the NBA .
“ It 's a lot of fun having a lot of Aussies in the NBA , ” they said referring to the Australian delegation that includes Patty Mills , Andrew Bogut , Aron Baynes , Joe Ingles , and Dante Exum .
“ I think with Luc Longley , Andrew Gaze , Shane Heal , those Australian legends , that opened the floodgates for the rest of us to come to the NBA . Hopefully , we 'll have more to come . ”
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
In this week 's OGN Champions Winter they moved onto the 3.14 pre season patch . This series not only gave everyone an idea of how Korean pro players are playing on the new patch but it is also heavy determined the outcome for this group . In a neck to neck group containing KT Rolster Bullets , Najin Black Sword , and Samsung Galaxy Blue a single win or lose could decide their fate in the rest of their Champions Winter Season .
Game 1
KT Bans : Lucian , Dr. Mundo , Annie
Sword : Kassadin , Sivir , Evelynn
KT pick order : Nidalee , Lee Sin , Ezreal , Elise , Leona
Sword pick order : Rengar , Olaf , Syndra , Sona , Vayne
Thought Process Behind the Bans
KT Rolster Bullets Bans : The Bullets banned out Lucian first which showed that they have something specific in mind to first pick for this game and they did not want Pray picking up Lucian during their rotation . The Dr. Mundo ban is somewhat targeted at Expession in the top lane . In patch 3.14 , solo lane Mundo going 30 points into defense makes them incredibility hard to deal with in lane and unkillable later on . Not only that Mundo is currently in a strong state , it 's a comfort pick for Expession as he 's played them in past competitive games . The Bullets ' last ban Annie is no surprise either ; all of the teams has been consistently banning or picking them early on . If Annie was left open you can expect Sword to be picking them up on their rotation .
Najin Black Sword Bans : Sword 's first ban on Kassadin is a targeted ban against Ryu . Even though Ryu 's Kassasin has not been the best in the past , it 's something that Sword does not want to deal with . Sivir has been consistently banned in all of the games of Champions played on the 3.14 patch so far and it is possiblely because of their ability to fast push lanes which fits in really well in the current korean meta . Along with Sivir , Evelynn is a first-pick must if they are left open . Due to the vision changes , Evelynn has become a must pick or ban all over the world . Them the biggest weakness was pink wards and now that they are visible they can dimple just clear them and continue to gank .
Thought Process Behind the Picks
With most of the highly contested picks banned , the Bullets first picks up Nidalee . Even though this is the post nerf Nidalee , they are still very strong and a key part of the poke/siege composition that has been ever so popular in Korea . On Sword 's first pick rotation they immediately locked in Rengar and Olaf . Both of these picks are not surprising at all , Rengar being the Flavor of the Month in Korea with the tank-into-damage split push build . Not only is this a strong pick by default , it is also being taken away from Insec . Before Olaf was globally banned from tournament play they were picked/banned nearly 100 % in Champions Winter . Now that Olaf is unbanned they will be constantly picked again .
Back to Bullets ' side they picked up Lee Sin and Ezreal . At this point it is a mystery whether Lee Sin will be in the jungle or in the top lane but due to the Bullet 's history with Lee Sin it is assumed that it would be in the jungle . Lee Sin is also a pick taken away from Watch as they are also known for their high mechanical play on him . The Ezreal pick up is very safe at the early stage of the champion select phase . They are an all around safe carry and not to mention that Score is known for their Ezreal play in the past OGN Champion seasons . Score was known as the “ Immortal Score ” due to inability to die on Ezreal dropped only 2 deaths during the group stage of Summer . Sword proceeded to pick up Syndra and Sona during their rotation . One of the reasons that Syndra became such a hot pick in korea was because they are considered very strong against Nidalee and has the tools to shut them down in lane . Sona is a vital pick for Sword as she 's the only form of reliable initiation for the team .
Rounding off the Bullets ' team they picked up Elise and Leona as their last picks . Kakao is no stranger to Elise ; it 's a champion that they had much success with in the past . Leona became much stronger due to the changes in 3.14 and paired up with Ezreal this is a flashback to Season 2 duo lanes . At this point Sword sees Lee Sin and Elise being picked up but there are no guarantees that which champion will be going top and which will be going to the jungle . As Sword 's last pick they chose Vayne in the marksman position for Pray . They heavily considered picking Twitch as it is one of Prays stable champions but between Leona , Elise , and Lee Sin , Twitch will have a really tough time surviving in a team fights . In the past weeks of Champions Pray has also been showing impressive plays on Vayne and carrying their team on their back so in the end Vayne was locked in .
Overview of the Compositions
KT Rolster Bullet 's Composition : The Bullets ' picks are overall a very early game orientated composition . With Lee Sin and Leona you are looking to make plays in the early and mid stages of the game to snowball for an early victory . Throughout the laning phase Lee Sin will be able to survive the laning against Rengar or last hit well under tower in a 1v2 scenario . In a 1v2 if Kakao on Elise comes to the top lane and lands a cocoon on either Vayne or Sona it is almost a guaranteed kill . The Ezreal and Leona lane has a really high kill potential especially against squishier targets like Sona and Vayne . While in a 2v1 Leona can zone well but they ca n't help to take down towers as easy as a ranged support could . With the Nidalee pick they are looking to poke with Mystic Shot and spears till the enemy team is low and then dive them with Elise , Leona , and Lee Sin . This composition also provides multiple disengage tools such as Solar Flare , Cocoon , and Dragon 's Rage .
Najin Black Sword 's Composition : Between Rengar and Olaf 's early game damage they can pretty much instant kill anyone on the Bullets . Olaf 's gank would be extremely effective and their 2v2 potential are unmatched . In the current meta Rengar rushes a Sunfire Cape and a Spirit Visage then a Bone Tooth Necklace followed by a Triforce . This lets Rengar become an unstoppable split pusher . Syndra has the potential to bully out Nidalee in lane as they have no wave clear before level 6 . Syndra is able to push wave and harass Nidalee with Dark Spheres . They also have the ability to crowd control them and nuke them down with Unleashed Power . In a team fight Sword is looking to land a Flash Crescendo on 3 more members allowing Rengar and Olaf get to the back line of the enemy team . Meanwhile Syndra nukes a high priority target and Vayne cleans up from the side .
Composition Clash : The Bullets know that Sword has 2 ticking “ time bombs ” on their team . One being that at some point there will be no one on the Bullets that will be able to stop Rengar 's split pushing and keep Sword from getting objectives . The second time bomb is Pray on Vayne . A late game Vayne is always a terror and always something you have to consider going into the mid/late stages of the game . The Bullets have to avoid all team fight possibilities against Sword 's team composition . Even with a early lead a good Sona initiation will allow Sword to beat them in a team fight . Bullets have to gain control and continuously get picks on Sword . The problem that Sword will run into is having the lack of engage with Sona being the only initiation .
Level 1 Tactics
At level one both of the teams showed really defensive postures as all teams decided to cross the river . What was interesting about the level 1 is that after Insec and Expression saw each other they both ended up recalling and headed for the bot lane . This is where the mind games came in for both teams . Sword wants a 2v1 lane to give Vayne free farm and avoid the high kill potential Leona/Ezreal lane so naturally they sent them top after seeing Insec there .
Insec headed for the bottom lane and hid in a brush trying to set up a quick kill with Leona and teleport back to the top lane without missing the experience . As soon as Insec saw that it was Rengar coming to bottom lane they recalled and started heading for top . Sword did end up getting the 2v1 they wanted because if Bullet had sent their duo lane top it was being putting them in a disadvantage as Lee Sin would have been zoned from the minions anyways . By the time Lee Sin reached the top lane they were able to soak up all the experience at tower . The reason that this was a low risk play is because Insec opted to take Teleport on Lee Sin even in the worst scenario they can teleport back to the top lane without missing out on experience .
Laning Phase
Both Sword and Bullets started with 3 Warding Totems and 2 Sweeping Lenses on both of the junglers and supports . This set up gives you a middle ground between being able to gain vision by placing wards and decreasing the enemy 's vision by clearing them . Due to the fact that you can clear wards at level 1 really adds another layer of depth to where to place your wards . Sword and the Bullets started to place their wards in more creative places to avoid from being cleared by the Sweeping Lens . The Warding Totem has also made the 1v2 lanes just a bit safer . They can place the ward in a spot to scout for incoming jungler and walk away from a potential 3 on 1 dive .
For the most part the lanes played out very passively till around 6 minutes when Insec decided to teleport to the bottom lane to 4 man dive Expession . Expession being a very experience solo laner saw the dive coming and was able to walk away safely . The Bullets knew that they were going to lose the top outer tower due to the fact that Insec came to the bottom lane . So , the Bullets had two options : either trade tower for Dragon or trade tower for tower . They made the smart choice to trade for dragon as you can always take a tower but you ca n't always secure a dragon . This allowed the Bullets to take an uncontested dragon at 7 minute mark .
Mid Game
The Bullets know that the only way for them to win this game was make use the mobility that Lee Sin has along with Teleport to make plays around the map and to repeatedly get picks . In order to that Bullets needs superior vision control throughout the mid game . After trading tower for Dragon , Ryu traded in their Warding Totem for a Sweeping Lens on their first back . Having more Sweeping Totems was a step for the Bullets to win the vision war against Sword .
Coming out of the 1v2 lanes Insec was able to come out ahead due to that they were able to farm better under the tower than Expession . Knowing how Expession loves to split push and farm , Insec froze the top lane minion wave right in front of the inner top tower . This forced Expession to either miss out on the experience and gold or dangerously overextend . Expession ended up over extending and giving up first blood to Insec at 9 minutes into the game . This was a brilliant set up by Bullet to set back Rengar 's split push potential even farther behind . Because how ahead Insec was on Expession , they were able to repeatedly roam mid and killing Peng on Syndra and giving kills to their teammates .
Points to Consider
Getting first blood on Expession delayed them from reaching ungankable Rengar split push status
This led to Insec roaming to gank mid repeatedly and feeding themselves and Ryu through Syndra deaths
Ryu trading their Ward Totem for a Sweeping Ward along with 2 Sightstones from Lee Sin and Leona allowing the Bullets to win the vision war and take dragons .
Insec forcing 3 people in the bottom lane allowing the Bullets to take a free Baron .
Sword not having enough tools to engage besides Flash Crescendo .
Final Thoughts
Bullets were able to hold back Expession 's split push and have better vision control at all points of the game . They forced Expession to group up with the team and discarded the possibility of being split pushed against while sieging towers with Nidalee and Ezreal . Because how many gold Bullets spent to gain vision control , Sword could have still won team fights while behind as long as they could get a good engage . If Syndra was replaced with Orianna or Gragas , Sword would 've had a much easier time forcing teamfights and winning them . Sword relied too much on the Flash Crescendo initiation which SSong ultimately failed to perform consistently .
KT Insec 's Lee Sin
Runes : 2x Life Steal Quints , 1x Attack Damage Quint , 9x Attack Damage Marks , 9x Armor Seal , 9x Flat Magic Resist
Masteries : 9/21
Skill Max Order : RQEW ( Point early points into W but maxing E after Q )
Note : Skill Max Order varies game to game . This is the order Insec did for this specific game .
Build order : Doran 's Shield > Doran 's Blade > Boots of Speed > Brutalizer > Last Whisper > Sight Stone > Mercury Thread 's > Black Cleaver
Insec showed incredible plays on their stable champion in game 1 against Najin Black Sword . This Lee Sin build was focused on because able to kill Expession 's Rengar by stacking Armor Penetration to get through their tankyness . With Brutalizer and Last Whisper they were able to kill the tank Rengar and being able to burst down a squishy target . The Sightstone gave Lee Sin more mobility and granted the Bullets more vision control . Even though this Lee Sin pick for Insec was not planned for the Bullets , they were able to utilize it and make plays all over the map .
Najin Black Sword Expession 's Rengar
Runes : 3x Attack Damage Quint , 9x Hybrid Penetration Marks , 9x Armor Seals , 6x Cooldown Reduction Glyphs , 3x Flat Magic Resist Glyphs
Masteries : 13/17
Skill Max Order : RWEQ
Note : Skill Max Order varies game to game . This is the order Expession did for this specific game .
Build Order : Doran 's Shield > Ninja Tabi > Sunfire Cape > Spirit Visage
What 's interesting here are the runes that Expession runs on their Rengar . With the Magic Pen from their Hybrid Pen Marks they are able to split push more effectively . The Magic Pen will make their Battle Roar do more damage as well as the Sunfire Cape that they rush more effective since it is AOE magic damage as well . Along with the masteries and runes , Expession is able to start the game with 10 % cooldown reduction . Reason that cooldown reduction is so good on Rengar is that they are a manaless champion and cooldowns are their only restriction on using their abilities . Typically after Sunfire Cape and Spirit Visage Rengar will get a Bonetooth Necklace followed by a damage item like Trinity Force . At that point no one should be able to stop the split push from Rengar and they are able to take down towers in seconds with Savagery and Sheen procs .
NANANANA NANANA NANANANA NANANA NA HEY !
That is what put the spurs on me to join in here – this group is /doing it/ . Not just talking about it , or analyzing , but ‘ hey , lets do a magazine…here 's the sub page…and now here 's the zine ! ' -James Bennett
The internet has made aristocrats of us all . Here we are scattered across the world breathing life into an enthusiastic , contradictory , reacto-revolutionary literature movement that we really have n't even defined all the way , and in real time . We do n't even have to walk to the mailbox . Those funny letters to the pulp editors took weeks sometimes , it 's easy to forget that .
We now have the power to combine the raucous energy of those pre-microcomputer comments sections with the speed of greased electrons on fiber . We find our ideas taking form around us as if we dwelt on the orb of primal chaos before the world was formed . Observe , if you will , the creation process , roughly lifted from the Discord 's chat logs :
Jon Del Arroz – 06/15/2017
and yes — Jheric , exactly what Jesse says . Get on the sensor sweep , keep posting .
Jesse Abraham Lucas – 06/15/2017
yeah , show up in CH and other blog comments with links to your space in your username
man , it would be kind of nice to have an auxiliary blog with a bunch of different contributors
right now there 's CH and then everyone 's personal space
imagine a place that 's more pulprev and less wargames
( not that I hate wargames , I wish I had the resources to get into them )
yeah , it would be somewhere ashes could post those book reviews as well
James Bennett – 06/15/2017
( I love me some wargames , but no one to play combined with their expense… )
Jon Del Arroz – 06/15/2017
Yeah that 'd be great Jesse . I do n't have the capacity to manage that personally
Jesse Abraham Lucas – 06/15/2017
the Bushis sort of have that thing going on for their… whatever it is
hey , might as well brainstorm
pulprev.com
James Bennett – 06/15/2017
Hell , /is/ pulprev.com available ? 'cause that would be killer .
Jesse Abraham Lucas – 06/15/2017
it is
And so we gave some couch cushion change to a corporation and reserved the domain , and in expectation of more solid attempts at web design to come we put a Blogspot on it , and that is how pulprev.com came to be .
PulpRev blog : a blog where PulpRev writers discuss books , writing , tropes , art , craft and try to figure out what , exactly , PulpRev is all about . -Benjamin Cheah
PulpRev.com is meant to be a pure community site , a central place where everything related to the movement is easily available . We 're planning on having a place for every PulpRev author , artist , and blogger to display themselves and link to their work . A major focus will be hard and fast writing advice in both general story structure principles and specific , technical ways to phrase things .
One major draw to the PulpRev movement has been that nothing has to be rocket science anymore . We wo n't present writing as a mystical force that must be cultivated through weeks of contemplating one 's block , but as a craft that can be learned and improved ( creativity is of course mystical , if you do n't have that we ca n't help ) .
On the reader 's side , we acknowledge that gatekeepers existed for a reason . We do believe in bad stories , and while part of the charm of a pulp-atavist movement is finding those stories that are endearingly sincere and even in their weakness point to something greater , the majority of bad stories are n't like that . One of the goals for PulpRev.com is a comprehensive rating system where listed works are given detailed reviews by our contributors . We want people to be able to find the best stuff first , and we want to be a better-balanced incentive for writers ' development than the current submit-and-wait system .
We even hope to publish a lot of fiction ourselves . A submission system is one of our near-term priorities , with the goal for PulpRev.com short stories and serials to be showing off authors and artists with merit , pointing readers to their paid work and donation pages . Eventually we want to accept donations ourselves to put them in a prize pool , but that 's a little further off .
We are all free thinkers on our own quests , who come back to the local tavern to share our exploits and convey the lay of the lands we 've visited on our adventures . -Todd Everhart
Anyone who 's interested in contributing is welcome to join us in the PulpRev discord . Right now we 're looking for :
READERS .
We want dedicated , thoughtful readers able to build a reputation of quickly reading and reviewing PulpRev pieces . Quick feedback is a blessing of the modern age . The sooner shorts , serials , and novels are read and reviewed , the sooner audiences can get to enjoying them and writers can get to improving themselves for they next one .
ARTISTS .
PulpRev is an author-heavy movement right now . There 's a lot of demand for enthusiastic artists who embody the pulp spirit and who clearly list the kinds of prices they 'll charge .
HOT TAKES .
It 's never too early for readership growth . If you have an article that 's eye-popping , head-turning , and share-worthy , we want it on our front page with your name on it .
There 's a lot we 're going to be able to do with this site . I ca n't wait to see what we all can do with it . Any questions or suggestions are welcomed ( even harsh suggestions , there really is a lot we can improve on the site ) .
Starting out my Red Dwarf top ten countdown , we have episode six of series IV , Meltdown . An episode that has n't fared all to well with fans over the years , though the main cast names it as one of the funnest to work on in the series ' history . There are several smegging brilliant gags in this one , and they stand out amongst those in the show as the most original and funniest.The episode starts with Rimmer 's incredibly boring Risk story . Reciting every roll of the dice from a game they played over three million years ago . It 's a very interesting way to start off the episode and it works because you have lots to laugh at from the beginning and do n't have to worry about getting pounded about exposition and wait for the laughs . Their Risk story actually comes into play with the rest of the script when they take over as the leader of the remnants of the Hero World droids.Sargent Presley is one of the greatest characters in the entire thing , there was even an entire song about Arnie 's Army that they lead with the rest of the wax droids . The performance by Clayton Mark was perfect , so many beautiful lines like , “ Reach for the sky , let me see them under stains ! ” “ Thank you very much ! You 've been wonderful prisoners , you really have. ” Being able to take the Presley trademarks and molding them into the script was absolute genius and really helps set this apart from other episodes.Sitcoms generally have a warm up performer for the audience before recording begins , Red Dwarf had Tony Hawks who get to appear in an episode every once in a while . In Meltdown they play Caligula . Caligula . I mean , it 's impossible to not laugh at those scenes , every time the Cat mouths off Lister get slapped instead . Caligula is a person you can already laugh at anyway without jokes , but add Lister and the Cat , and put Rasputin at Caligula 's side , it just makes for one of the funniest scenes in the entire thing . A bit of a history lesson here , Caligula allegedly slept with all three of their sisters and Lister brings up this fact to the Cat who takes a stab at Caligula.After accidentally landing in what appears to be the Third Reich , Lister and the Cat are locked in a cell and have only a widow to a courtyard to look at , initially they see a “ wooden modern art job ” being built in an inverted L shape . Lister sees that there are different people lining up for a firing squad , but they 're all from different periods and that they are all the worst people , James Last being one of them , who was formerly a Nazi and after the fall of the Third Reich became a small time jazz artist . They bring someone out to be shot and it 's Winnie the Pooh , who refuses the blindfold for the firing squad . On any other show it 'd be crazy but in Red Dwarf it feels right at home.The bit of this episode that is without a doubt the funniest of the season , is the scene with Gandhi . “ Do n't eyeball me , Gandhi ! ” Which is quite possibly one of the greatest one liner of the entire series . Rimmer 's army is the worst mix of pacifists and celebrities one could get and the jokes that go with it are to die for .
Apple users are frustrated with difficulty in upgrading to iOS 8 , as download times are painfully long . To make matters worse , some networks are being slammed by so much traffic , it 's almost like they are under distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attack .
Networking company Procera Networks found one CIS mobile network that saw its network traffic jump an incredible 4000 percent than normal - an astronomical traffic amount for non-video applications .
Everything from Apple 's iPhone models to its smartwatch were criticized - but anytime there is a new iOS release , Apple fans quickly flock to download the latest operating system . However , after just a few days , adoption for iOS 8 has been slower than that of iOS 6 or iOS 7 , according to analysts . The iOS 8 upgrade requires 5.8GB of storage space , forcing some users to delete photos , videos , and other data to free up space to upgrade .
The Associated Press
MOSCOW -- A top Russian official on Monday met with the actor turned animal rights activist Pamela Anderson at the Kremlin to discuss wildlife conservation .
During the televised meeting with President Vladimir Putin 's chief of staff , Sergei Ivanov , Anderson expressed their concern about the fate of Russian seals and the prevalence of sea aquariums that keep belugas , orcas and dolphins in captivity .
In their opening remarks , Ivanov praised the former `` Baywatch '' star for an opportunity to discuss issues of conservation `` in the company of beautiful women . ''
This is not the first time the pair has met . Ivanov said the two discussed Russian biodiversity in Vladivostok during an economic forum in September .
Anderson is known for their risque methods of drawing attention to wildlife conservation including posing nude to protest the fur industry .
Earlier this year , the actor wrote to Putin requesting to block the passage of a cargo vessel through the Northern Sea Route , which was said to contain more than 1,700 tons of whale meat travelling from Iceland to Japan .
Anderson also requested a meeting with the Russian president to discuss environmental issues , the Tass news agency reported .
Alberta 's energy industry has told the NDP government face-to-face about its fears for the future with the triple threat of higher corporate taxes , potentially higher royalties and a beefed up carbon tax .
Energy Minister Margaret McCuaig-Boyd said they left a meeting with 40 oil company presidents and CEOs Wednesday mindful of concerns that action by their government on three separate fronts could harm the industry .
“ They advised us to look at the last resources review and not create a them-versus-us , ” they told the legislature . “ They 're pleased that we 're working as partners ; they 're pleased that we 're being collaborative . ”
Premier Rachel Notley told the legislature during question period that their government was advised to proceed quickly but cautiously when officials from the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers met with their cabinet recently .
Notley said the industry requested the government link its actions in a pending climate change strategy with the proposed royalty review and “ deal with those issues together .
“ They also asked that they be consulted in a meaningful way as we develop our plans going forward , and they 've asked that in the interests of certainty we do it without undue delay , ” Notley said .
They were responding to accusations by PC Leader Ric McIver that the NDP government was killing jobs with its policies .
They said the Canadian Association of Oilwell Drilling Contractors is predicting the loss of more than 25,000 jobs this year due to “ potential policy changes in Alberta with respect to royalties . ”
But McCuaig-Boyd said those forecast job losses are the result of low world oil prices .
“ What we 're doing is meeting with industry to understand their concerns , asking for their advice as we move forward in a royalty review , and we 've agreed to work together as partners for the betterment of a vibrant energy industry in Alberta , ” they said .
Canadian Natural Resources president Steve Laut added their voice Wednesday to those warning that the energy industry could be harmed by the many changes happening at once .
“ We 're assuming that the royalty , regulatory and environmental burdens will be reasonable , allowing for investment and job creation , ” Laut said Wednesday in a conference call to investors .
But adjusting the royalty , taxation and regulatory burden is complex and “ the risk of getting it wrong is high , ” they said .
“ It 's hard for us to tell investors where we 're going to invest our money and which projects are going to be developed and which ones are the best if we do n't know the regulatory and fiscal regime going forward , ” said Laut .
CAPP spokesperson Chelsie Klassen said producers discussed the importance of a strong fiscal regime that will keep Alberta an attractive place for investment .
“ We have met with the energy minister several times now to talk about the importance of competitiveness to our industry , ” they said .
Notley was also called on in question period for the second day in a row to defend their government 's stance on pipelines .
Wildrose Leader Brian Jean demanded the premier clarify their position after their “ surprising ” comments Tuesday .
“ It was clear that they were not in favour of pipelines going south , ” Jean said . “ Her opinions , I worry , might even give President ( Barack ) Obama more excuses to block the Keystone pipeline . ”
The premier said they understand the need to work with industry to promote access to new markets for Alberta crude , but as they stated Tuesday , they oppose the export of raw bitumen and the jobs Alberta will lose by not refining it in the province .
“ We also need to do it within the context of understanding what 's best for Alberta and ensuring that we retain the capacity to incent upgrading where possible , ” they said .
Notley said they support the Energy East and Kinder Morgan pipeline proposals and will work with industry and government to promote them , but not the controversial Northern Gateway pipeline proposed to ship bitumen to the West Coast for export to Asia .
“ The likelihood of Northern Gateway pipeline being approved in the near future is not great , ” they said . “ Many industry leaders have acknowledged that . ”
When the leader of the official Opposition accused the premier of having people on staff who are actively opposing the pipelines , Notley suggested the bigger culprits were the federal government and the previous provincial government for failing to implement effective climate change strategies .
“ When you talk about developing market access and also developing a willingness for people to accept our pipelines , the other thing that we need to do is we need to establish credibility on the environmental file , ” they said . “ If we 're going to make progress , we 're going to do it by finally creating a record that we can be proud of . ”
With files from Dan Healing , Calgary Herald and The Canadian Press
dhenton @ calgaryherald.com
Hot Toys Joker DX11 – Laughing Sculpt
Sculpted By : Yulli Choi
Painted By : Jc.Hong
An instant classic , Heath Ledger 's performance in The Dark Knight is one for the ages . That being said , Hot Toy 's second take on the character was the DX11 , which came with two sculpts ; the neutral sculpt that has the PERS ( Parallel Eyeball Rolling System ) in it , and then to sculpt that really steals the show ; the laughing sculpt . The sculptural quality of the head is superb ; capturing natural wrinkles that occur when someone closes their eyes and laughs . Their teeth and interior mouth also shine through to sculpt . The signature scars that adorn their face are also sculpted in while still maintaining the Heath Ledger likeness underneath the prosthetics applied for the film .
Also expertly applied is the paintwork on to sculpt . The skin-tone shines from underneath the running and patchy clown makeup in a way that is quite realistic . This Hot Toys DX11 sculpt is a masterpiece in its own right , and certainly deserves its spot on our list of ten of the best head sculpts of all time .
Phillip Buchanon did n't want to talk for this column . Nor did George Mira Jr. , or Bennie Blades or a few other University of Miami greats . They thought of it , but decided against it , or said absolutely nothing , like Blades did as we stood at the spring game in April . Silence .
I understand , too . Not long ago , it was great fun to talk about the Hurricanes and their chances at the start of another season . Or to just argue about them . Everyone argued .
Here 's a story that encapsulates that two-decade era : After a Dolphins practice , Dan Marino and offensive coordinator Gary Stevens were on a distant field yelling at each other . I mean , yelling . Five minutes . Ten minutes . Red faces . Jabbing fingers .
A group of reporters wondered what the issue was , and if the Dolphins offense was in peril . Marino was asked as they left the field . They spit out the words : `` Gary thinks that Miami team with Vinny Testaverde and Alonzo Highsmith and Jerome Brown was better than my Pitt team with Hugh Green and Jimbo Covert … ''
That 's the kind of fun talk you never get about Miami anymore . Why not ? Everyone knows why not . No one needs me to say the teams have n't won in the past decade , to the point that frustration has piled on top of disappointment .
With their home opener against Bethune-Cookman this Saturday , here are five questions the Hurricanes are going to have to answer when the new season begins .
It 's more than that , really . Every conversation today about Miami football might start in one way — say , about the offense or the Florida State game — but it always funnels into the same , tired , completely un-fun discussion .
It always ends in a referendum on Al Golden . And that 's why I 'm certain so few Hurricane greats wanted to wade into this topic anymore . Either no one wants to get mired in it or has the faith to say something nice about what must happen . Which is this :
Golden does n't just need to be better than the past four years .
They and their staff need to be this season 's impact players .
They lost good talent to the NFL , remain unproven at several positions and the rallying hope — the answer to everything , in fact — is that quarterback Brad Kaaya is great . Which they are . For a sophomore . Who has n't won a big game . And is now asked to carry everyone .
This should be a year coaching carries the season — if it can . Create a defense . Spark the offense . Cover the blemishes . Grow the kids up quickly . All that — again , if this staff can .
Golden stood after the Hurricanes ' first practice Thursday and sounded again like a guy who knows what has to be done .
`` If we do n't become a smarter and more disciplined team , we 're going to continue to have the same results , '' they said . `` We finished last in penalties [ in the ACC ] . We went 825 yards in the wrong direction , which I imagine is from here to ... Georgia .
`` We did n't operate really well on third down . We 've got to do better there . And we finished minus-one in turnover ratio . It 's hard to win like that . That 's been the challenge since Jan. 12 , and I 'm hopeful these guys understand what it takes to play better ball . ''
That 's a good , smart , insightful answer . Golden has the chance to correct all that , too . They went to work 55 straight days after the bowl loss to do so . They surely came up with some answers , right ?
The problem for fans in Year Five is it 's hard to put full faith in correcting , say , those penalty yards when the same coaches contributed to them last year . Maybe they get corrected . Maybe this year makes everyone forget the previous four .
`` It was good day , but it 's Day One , '' Golden said of the first practice . `` We 're pleased . But we know we have to get better . ''
Once upon a time , it was great fun to talk or even shout about the Hurricanes . Now even the great alums have a hard time doing so . Every issue starts and ends with Golden . And this question : Can a coach who has n't been good in four years become great this season ?
( CNN ) No matter what caused Amtrak Northeast Regional Train 188 to derail as it rounded a bend in Philadelphia , it looks like technology could have prevented the crash , a top transportation official said .
A system known as positive train control likely would have stopped the train -- which had been hurtling around the curve at more than 100 mph -- from derailing , National Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt told reporters Wednesday .
`` Based on what we know right now , '' Sumwalt said , `` we feel that had such a system been installed in this section of track , this accident would not have occurred . ''
Here are some answers to key questions about the technology , which transportation safety advocates have been pushing for years :
How does positive train control work ?
If a train is n't being operated in accordance with signals , speed limits or other rules , the system will slow or stop it .
What does it look like ?
Former NTSB member John Goglia said the devices they worked with in the 1990s were relatively small black boxes , 6 inches wide , about 8 inches tall and about 15 inches long .
`` I 'm sure today they 're even smaller , '' they said .
The boxes are often installed in the cab near the front of the engine . `` But it can be anywhere , '' they said .
Installation can take relatively little time , perhaps a few days .
As an NTSB board member , Goglia worked for years with the Federal Railroad Administration to develop the technology .
Is there an example where it is known to have averted accident ?
Since positive train control is not widely used , it 's hard to say . But the NTSB has said that positive train control technology could have prevented numerous railroad accidents that involved human error .
The agency has given the example of the December 1 , 2013 , Metro-North commuter train derailment in the Bronx , New York , in which four people were killed and dozens injured . The engineer had fallen asleep and failed to slow the train from more than 82 mph to the maximum authorized speed of 30 mph as it entered a curve , the NTSB said .
The NTSB has said that since 2004 it has completed investigations of at least 25 train accidents that took 65 lives , injured more than 1,100 people and caused millions of dollars in damages -- all of which could have been prevented or mitigated by positive train control .
What does it cost ?
In a 2013 NTSB hearing , Mark Hartong of the Federal Railroad Administration said it would cost $ 875 million for initial acquisition and installation on commuter railroads and Amtrak . Additional installation and operating costs are estimated to be from $ 9.5 billion to $ 13.2 billion over a 20-year period .
The Southern California Regional Rail Authority ( Metrolink ) -- which operates seven routes with 169 weekday commuter trains on more than 430 route miles , and carries more than 43,000 riders a day -- has started implementing positive train control on three of its seven lines at a cost of $ 216 million .
`` The real dilemma that you face ... is you have a limited , a finite amount of money each year that you can spend on infrastructure and safety , '' said Peter Goelz , a former managing director of the NTSB . `` Do you spend the money on high consequence , low probability events ? And I would call the accident two days ago high consequence but low probability . Or do you spend it on high probability , lower consequence items such as working on electrical systems or air conditioning ? ''
How many rail systems have it ?
According to the Federal Railroad Administration , safety systems have been implemented or are being developed and tested since 2007 on the following rail lines :
CSX Transportation on 138.6 miles of track from Spartanburg , South Carolina , to Augusta , Georgia ; CSX Transportation on 110 miles of track from Spartanburg , South Carolina , to Erwin , Tennessee ; the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway ( BNSF ) on 130 miles from Beardstown to Centralia , Illinois ; BNSF on 115 miles of track from Fort Worth , Texas , to Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ; Amtrak on 66 miles from Niles to Kalamazoo , Michigan ; the Transportation Technology Center Inc. test track in Pueblo , Colorado ; Alaska Railroad on 350 miles of track from Anchorage to Fairbanks ; Amtrak on 198 miles from Boston , Massachusetts , to New Haven , Connecticut ; Amtrak on 75 miles of track from New Haven , Connecticut , to New York City ; Norfolk Southern on 110 miles from Columbia to Charleston , South Carolina ; Union Pacific Railroad ( UPRR ) on 193 miles from North Platte to Morrill South , Nebraska ; UPRR on 140 miles from Spokane , Washington , to Eastport , Idaho ; New Jersey Transit on 21 miles of track from Spring Valley , New York , to Woodridge , New Jersey ; New Jersey Transit on 60 miles of track from Port Jervis , New York , to Secaucus , New Jersey .
Metrolink expects to have PTC technology throughout the 216-mile publicly owned portion of its 512-mile rail network before the end of 2015 .
What are the benefits of the system ?
Positive train control was designed to prevent the human errors behind roughly 40 % of train accidents , rail safety experts say .
Imagine what would happen , the NTSB said in a fact sheet this year , if an engineer suffering from a cold did n't notice a red signal and failed to stop the train .
`` With PTC , the train stops anyway , '' the NTSB said . `` Without PTC , real world results have been tragic . ... Without it , everybody on a train is one human error away from an accident . ''
Why was n't it installed on this stretch of track ?
`` That 's going to be a key question . We want to find out , '' Sumwalt told CNN 's `` The Situation Room . '' `` Why was it in other areas ... on Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor , but why was it not here ? ''
A system that can stop accidents sounds like a no-brainer . But there 's a catch : It 's expensive .
That 's one reason the railroad industry has opposed it in the past . And that 's likely one reason why even though it has been installed in most of the Northeast Corridor for Amtrak , it had n't yet been installed on the part of the track where the train derailed Tuesday night , Goelz said .
`` It costs billions , '' Goelz said . But that does n't mean it is n't worth the price , they said . `` We can not stop . The government needs to help . ''
Goelz also offered another possible reason the system was n't in place .
`` It could be because this is an intersection of a number of different rail lines , at this intersection they did not have it in place even though it was a relatively sharp turn , '' they said .
Are there plans to use positive train control more in the U.S. ?
Amtrak CEO Joe Boardman said they are `` committed to meeting the requirement of positive train control '' technology that a NTSB official said could have prevented the deadly crash in Philadelphia . `` That will happen on the Northeast Corridor by the end of this year , '' Boardman said .
In response to a head-on collision that killed 25 people in 2008 near Los Angeles , Congress ordered the nation 's railroads to adopt positive train control by December 2015 .
But it 's looking increasingly unlikely that the deadline will be met . And some lawmakers have proposed extending it to as late as 2020 .
Amtrak said in a newsletter this year that it had plans to implement positive train control on 1,200 more miles of track , including the remainder of its Northeast Corridor .
At this point , most freight railroads said they wo n't be able to make the December 2015 deadline , Sumwalt told CNN . But it 's something the safety board is still pushing for , especially in light of this week 's derailment .
`` We feel that it needs to be implemented , '' they said , `` because it will prevent the very type of accident that we 're talking about here . ''
As a public show of unity , it was classic Rupert Murdoch . With their British media empire embroiled in three separate crises at once – its biggest challenge since they moved the company to Wapping 25 years ago this week – the News Corporation chief turned up for lunch in the staff canteen with their key executives by theirs side .
Around the table sat their son James– the head of News Corp 's European and Asian operations – Rebekah Brooks , the chief executive of its British newspaper division News International , plus the editors of the Sun and the Times , Dominic Mohan and James Harding respectively . Meatballs were on the menu , although staff preferred not to get too close to see what the boss actually ate .
In the words of one friend , Murdoch was `` frustrated , but ready to be decisive '' by the failure to resolve the News of the World phone-hacking crisis , which had claimed the scalp of their former editor and No 10 spin doctor Andy Coulson . The plan had been to travel to Davos in midweek for the World Economic Forum , but Murdoch wanted to deal with both the hacking and the status of their £8bn bid for the 61 % of BSkyB that News Corp does not own .
It turned out there would be no respite as the week wore on , with each day bringing fresh revelations about hacking , progress in the bid negotiations – and a curveball in the form of the Sky Sports sexism row . The trip to Davos had to be abandoned . But what was also clear was that Murdoch – who turns 80 in a couple of months – was not yet ready to insist that senior heads had to roll to bring the hacking crisis to a close .
While senior executives and editors are rarely seen in the canteen otherwise , Murdoch themselves is a regular – lunching with various members of their management in sight of journalists at least once whenever they are London , which is usually about six times a year . The meeting was quickly interpreted as a show of support at a time when there are cracks at Wapping over how to handle the hacking saga .
Insiders say the pressure has opened up faultlines within their business . Divisions are said to have opened up between James Murdoch , whose background running Sky makes them the lead executive when it comes to seeing the £8bn bid past politicians and regulators , and Brooks and their ally , former Daily Telegraph editor Will Lewis , who is now grouped general manager at News International , co-ordinating the papers ' spending .
Complicating the picture further is the presence of Elisabeth Murdoch and their husband , PR man Matthew Freud . Elisabeth has not worked for News Corp or Sky for 10 years , leaving to form their own independent television production business , Shine . But Shine is now likely to be bought or partly bought by News Corp , bringing them closer into the family fold .
Although they remain close to James and has little interest in a bigger job at News Corp – wanting to enlarge Shine further – their management style is noticeably less combative than their brother 's – a significant distinction at a time when News Corp is short of allies in the British media .
Internal critics , meanwhile , accuse James Murdoch of being slow to engage with the hacking saga – leaving the company trapped in a policy of outright denial because they were so focused on the bid for Sky – while Brooks wants to be seen to be getting on top of it by demonstrating willingness to investigate new evidence that emerges from cases against the News of the World ( NoW ) .
The efforts of Brooks and Lewis have – so far – largely consisted of investigating and suspending Ian Edmondson , the NoW assistant editor ( news ) , whose name cropped up in notebooks belonging to Glenn Mulcaire , the private investigator jailed for hacking into phones of royal aides in 2007 .
Once they arrived , one of Rupert Murdoch 's early tasks was to review the evidence against Edmondson , and decide what to do next . But on their first morning in the Wapping office , unexpected news was developing . Andy Gray and Richard Keys , the stars of Sky Sports 's football coverage , were recorded making sexist comments about assistant referee Sian Massey . Gray and Keys were suspended by lunchtime , a decision which Jeremy Darroch , the chief executive of Sky , said they were involved with . Gray 's position was all the more sensitive because they were also suing the NoW over alleged phone-hacking .
It is not clear if Murdoch was involved in the suspension – but they are likely to have been involved with Tuesday 's splash story in the Sun , which made light of the row with a picture of Massey , 25 , dancing at a party accompanied by the headline : `` Get 'em Off : Sexist pundits axed from TV '' .
However , by the time the Sun front page had been drawn up there was a further development . News Corp already knew its bid for Sky was unlikely to get past the culture secretary , Jeremy Hunt , at the first time of asking , following private correspondence with Hunt 's team the week before . Murdoch 's arrival , though , turned out to be handily timed , because on Monday afternoon they were informed that Hunt would make an announcement about the status of the bid the next morning shortly after 7am .
So as the Sun was picked up from doormats around the country on Tuesday , Hunt announced to the country that News Corp 's bid for Sky `` may operate against the public interest '' because of its impact on media plurality . However , in a surprise twist , before they referred the deal to the Competition Commission for further examination , Hunt said they would consider an offer of `` undertakings '' from News Corp – an offer to provide guarantees of the editorial independence of Sky News . It was a partial victory for Murdoch , a past master at negotiating with politicians and regulators . They had just avoided a six-month-long referral , at least while a modest concession was considered by Hunt .
Any respite gained from that , though , was limited . By Tuesday , a review of Edmondson 's case file and emails had concluded and – in a decision almost certainly overseen by Murdoch – it was decided that day to fire him . To add to the excitement , Gray had also been sacked by Sky , after footage emerged on the internet of them asking co-presenter Charlotte Jackson to tuck a microphone down theirs trousers .
Wednesday 's Sun was much harsher on Gray , describing a `` toe-curling sexist suggestion '' to Jackson . Meanwhile , the information obtained from Edmondson 's emails was passed to the Metropolitan police . On Wednesday afternoon the Met said it had received `` significant new information '' that meant that it had to reopen its hacking investigation .
Yet , if Murdoch was quietly controlling the agenda , they still chose to abandon the Davos trip . Going would have been a clear signal that it was business as usual despite the phone-hacking row , but with allies saying they are `` mid-process '' – as in part of the way towards resolving the issue – they deferred leaving until this weekend . At the same time , although Murdoch is highly respected as the News Corp chief executive , their sustained presence is rarely welcomed because they are so keen to involve themselves in all sorts of detail .
There was a clear example of that on Wednesday when Murdoch , with Brooks , went to the Times 's morning editorial conference . While their presence at the Sun is regular and frequent when they are in Wapping , they rarely visit the Times in person . However , a recent move means the Times is no longer across the road from their office , but just a few floors down in the lift .
True to their newspaper roots , Murdoch offered opinions on various news items . But it was when they referred to the Andy Gray story that eyebrows were raised . First they said `` this country has lost its sense of humour '' and anything Gray said was `` not worse that what women say about other women '' . When reminded that Gray had been sacked , Murdoch silenced the meeting , saying : `` There are other reasons for sacking Andy Gray . '' Later that day , News Corp confirmed the other reasons referred to Gray 's remarks to Charlotte Jackson .
When Murdoch bought the Times and Sunday Times in 1981 , they agreed , as a condition of the takeover , to be bound by a group of editorial undertakings in which they committed to `` in all respects to maintain the titles as editorially independent newspapers of high quality '' in which `` editors will not be subject to instruction from either the proprietor or the management on the selection and balance of news and opinion '' . Murdoch wants to attach similar undertakings to Sky News , but their presence at the Times show that whatever conditions are in place they are still prepared offer firm opinions .
News of Murdoch 's appearance did not leak until later that day , when it was picked up on the Guido Fawkes website , but once it had reached the public domain , the mood at Wapping changed , becoming more hostile on Thursday . Efforts were made to tighten up external communications , and for the first time all week , Murdoch lost control of the agenda . Thursday saw the NoW battered by more hacking revelations , first by the announcement of the Kelly Hoppen privacy lawsuit by the BBC and the Guardian , then by new allegations about Glenn Mulcaire from Leslie Ash and Lee Chapman .
Yet even though Murdoch may have been surprised by the revelations , they are a veteran of many long takeover battles – from the year-long struggle to beat Robert Maxwell to the NoW in 1969 , through to the dogged , successful pursuit of the Wall Street Journal in 2007 .
They remained calm , but ready to move : `` He knows the chips are down ; they know they have to act – but he 'll do what they think is right , not be bothered by what the Guardian or the Independent write , '' said one source . Significantly , it was on Thursday that they chose to lunch in the canteen with Colin Myler , the NoW editor , and a handful of senior staff .
Back in 1987 , after a year of riots and intense criticism , it was Murdoch who prevailed in the original Wapping industrial dispute . By comparison , this week 's events seemed less dramatic – but Murdoch also knows there is a long way to go before all the evidence about phone hacking is made public and the whole affair is laid to rest .
Murdoch 's inner circle
Elisabeth Murdoch , chief executive officer of Shine
Rupert Murdoch 's eldest child by their second marriage wants the backing of their father to help enlarge their television production company . That will bring them closer to the fold , but they do n't want a greater role at News Corp , at least yet .
Matthew Freud , chairperson of Freud Communications
The husband of Elisabeth and an independently wealthy , connected public relations man . They have the role of family disturber-in-chief , advancing their own views fearlessly when they choose to and sometimes promoting the cause of their wife .
James Murdoch , chief executive , News Corp , Europe and Asia
The London-based heir presumptive to Rupert . They remained loyal to the family business , but was criticised for failing to defuse the phone-hacking crisis because of a combative personal style and lack of fingertip feel for the newspaper business .
Rebekah Brooks , chief executive , News International
The former Sun and News of the World editor who has been leading the company effort to resolve phone-hacking cases . Closely identified with their tabloid past and socially connected to David Cameron via the Oxfordshire set .
William Lewis , group general manager , News International
The energetic former Daily Telegraph editor , brought in by Brooks to act as a counterweight to the powerful editors at News International 's titles . Allied to Brooks in efforts to make some hacking-related disclosures .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. -- A disgusted Santonio Holmes , who missed a handful of voluntary practice sessions while out of the country on a USO-sponsored trip to a U.S. Air Force base in Germany , pulled themselves out of practice Thursday because they felt they were unfairly overworked by coaches .
The New York Jets ' top wide receiver staged a mini-meltdown near the end of the two-hour workout , limping off the field and tossing their helmet . They spoke with receivers coach Sanjay Lal , also drawing immediate attention from the trainer .
Afterward , Holmes insisted they are n't injured , but they clearly are bothered that the coaches wanted to give them a full workload despite their time away .
`` I was talking to the coach , letting them understand it was too many reps today , '' Holmes said . `` I 've been gone for a while , so I ca n't be at full tempo like the rest of the guys and where they want us to be at . ''
Holmes said they were slated for 35 practice reps , but left after 20 or 25 . The Jets conducted their ninth and final OTA session before next week 's mandatory minicamp . Holmes participated in all three workouts this week , but they missed the previous four while on their trip .
Rex Ryan said they had no problem with Holmes -- or any other veteran -- asking out of a practice if they feel vulnerable to an injury .
`` If they think he 'd be stretching it to give five or 10 extra reps , you have to be smart about it , '' Ryan said , adding , `` If a guy thinks he 's tight ... you do n't want a guy pulling ( a muscle ) . They know their body better than anybody . ''
Ryan said they spoke with Holmes and Lal , who is new to Ryan 's coaching staff .
The irony in this episode , of course , is that Holmes nearly was dragged out of last season 's final game after an altercation in the huddle with right tackle Wayne Hunter . Holmes was frustrated by their lack of involvement -- they had no receptions -- and complained throughout the game , finally getting benched with two minutes to play .
That was the seminal moment of the Jets ' well-chronicled season of turmoil , much of which involved Holmes and quarterback Mark Sanchez .
After a tumultuous couple of months , the team is trying to rebuild its chemistry . Holmes took another positive step this week by declaring they will attend Sanchez 's `` Jets West '' passing camp in the coming weeks at the quarterback 's high school in Mission Viejo , Calf . At least a dozen players , including backup quarterback Tim Tebow , are expected to attend .
Holmes said they want to be there because , even though he 's not a captain anymore , they still see themselves as a team leader .
`` Being out there is going to give the young guys a sense of security , knowing we have our veteran , we have our leader here with us , who 's going to help us and get us on the same page , '' said Holmes , alluding to the young receiving corps . `` I think all of us doing the same thing at the same time will be a great chemistry builder . ''
Ryan has all but admitted they made a bad decision by making Holmes a captain . In fact , Ryan said they no longer will have team captains . Holmes , entering their seventh season , is the Jets ' only proven veteran at receiver . But they admittedly still is n't in top shape .
`` I 'm at OTA No . 5 , '' they said . `` I 've got a lot of catching up to do for myself . ''
Sanchez , who claimed they and Holmes moved past their issues from last season , said he 's looking forward to Holmes participating in their annual `` Jets West '' event . Actually , Holmes was there in 2010 , but they skipped last year because they were unsigned at the time .
`` It 's a chance for us to talk about football in a relaxed environment , '' said Sanchez , who also worked out with Holmes in March near the receiver 's home in Orlando . `` ( We will ) get around Southern California a little bit , try to see the beach , go see a movie . Whatever we decide to do , just have fun . ''
The Jets are trying to change the perception that formed last season , that of a bickering team with too many big egos . Ryan opened their news conference Thursday by announcing -- or gloating -- they had 99 percent attendance during the voluntary portion of the offseason .
`` That shows you about this team and how much this team is looking forward to this season , '' Ryan said . `` I do n't care if people are motivated through negative things we hear or the fact that we missed the playoffs . Whatever the driving force is , we had 99 percent attendance . ''
Sanchez said : `` The whole building has a good vibe . At practice , we 're having fun again . ''
Holmes , called a `` cancer '' by some teammates last season , said there 's more unity on offense because the unit is spending more time together at the facility , apart from the defense . They also said new offensive coordinator Tony Sparano has brought a sense of accountability that was missing last year .
`` We 're doing things a little differently around here this year , '' Holmes said .
Just do n't ask them to run an extra pass route or two .
Say hello to in-grouping violence :
Fire has reportedly broken out at the ‘ jungle ' refugee camp in the port of Calais in the hours following the terror attacks in Paris . At around 11pm volunteers at the camp began sharing pictures of the blaze on social media . And soon after an anti-migrant group known as ‘ The Angry of Calais ' posted videos of the inferno on Facebook .
All throughout Europe , rabbits will see Muslims , and their amygdalae will light up . Germans will get on a train , see military aged migrants with large backpacks get on laughing , and the German 's amygdalae will light up . Frenchmen will go to a movie , see a group of shifty looking military aged migrants , and their amygdalae will light up . You ca n't leave amygdalae lit up forever , because that sensation of unease will develop , like any brain skill . Sooner or later something has to be done to attend to the stimulating circumstances . On the other side , the migrants will in-group back .
Now imagine if this attack happened in Greece , with everyone already enraged from the most minor of shortages , and already marching around looking for something to blow up or light on fire , as they were just the other day .
Now imagine what it will be like if an attack happens on innocent citizens while the country is in the midst of the full fledged angst of an apocalypse . Imagine what will happen once that in-grouping takes hold on both sides , and there are leaders of the indigenous populations who had supported the out-group .
The whole nation will change , from top to bottom .
ITZ coming .
Alessio Sakara ( 15-10 MMA , 6-7 UFC ) and Patrick Cote ( 18-8 MMA , 5-8 UFC ) will have to wait a bit longer to settle their business ; a recently announced rematch at UFC 158 between the two middleweights has been scratched .
Sakara recently announced that kidney issues will keep them out of action into early 2013 .
A UFC official told MMAjunkie.com ( www.mmajunkie.com ) a replacement will be named shortly .
UFC 158 takes place March 16 at Bell Centre in Montreal . The main card airs on pay-per-view following prelims on FX and Facebook .
Sakara thought they had picked up a big TKO win over Cote this past month at UFC 154 . But instead , referee Dan Miragliotta disqualified the Italian fighter for illegal strikes the back of Cote 's head . Many believed Sakara should have been given a warning , and Cote an opportunity to recover to continue fighting .
But that did n't happen , and Sakara 's request to have the bout overturned to a no-contest was denied .
Sakara had won three consecutive fights from 2008-2010 , but he 's since dropped three straight , including the DQ loss to Cote and defeats to contenders Chris Weidman and Brian Stann .
Cote , meanwhile , is now 5-1 in their past six fights . The lone defeat came to Cung Le earlier this year at UFC 148 , where they returned to the organization for the first time since 2010 .
For more on UFC 158 , stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site .
( Pictured : Alessio Sakara )
Brett Wilson says they will donate $ 100,000 to the Calgary Public Library on one condition — the city must first change its bylaws to allow for the ride-hailing service Uber .
The outspoken Calgary entrepreneur , who has taken up the cause of legalizing Uber in the city as a bit of a personal crusade , announced their unusual potential gift at an awards gala where they were being recognized for their `` irascible and cheeky '' approach to public life .
Wilson was the 2015 recipient of the Bob Edwards Award , an annual honour meant to recognize individuals who embody the provocateur principles of the award 's namesake , who edited the punchy weekly newspaper The Eye Opener out of High River and Calgary in the early 20th century .
The newspaper became the namesake for the CBC radio show , The Calgary Eyeopener , where Wilson joined host David Gray on Friday morning to explain their offer .
Brett Wilson says they will donate $ 100,000 to the Calgary Public Library on one condition — the city must first change its bylaws to allow for the ride-hailing service Uber . 5:01
Wilson said they have no financial stake in Uber and has not been offered anything by the company or asked for anything in return for their advocacy .
`` So why do I do it ? I believe that ride-sharing technologies like Uber are good for the city , '' they said .
`` It 's a product and a service that 's available in every major city in North America and it 's a shame that we , as Calgary , have n't embraced it and figured out how to make it work here . ''
Past recipients of the Bob Edwards Award include the likes of author Mordecai Richler , politician Preston Manning , comedian Mary Walsh , broadcaster Knowlton Nash , and musician Matthew Good .
The Calgary Library Foundation , which handed out the award , said Wilson was selected as the 2015 recipient for turning their financial success into a public presence that ca n't be ignored .
`` He is a prominent innovator and provocateur who goes beyond the definition of an entrepreneur — he 's an ultrapreneur , '' the foundation said in its award announcement .
An ultrapreneur , the foundation added , is `` an individual who goes beyond their initial undertaking and moves toward their life purpose to improve the world around them . ''
Reaction
News of Wilson 's $ 100,000 conditional offer made the rounds online , largely fuelled by Wilson himself , who is active on social media .
. < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/WBrettWilson '' > @ WBrettWilson < /a > announces gift to the < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/calgarylibrary '' > @ Calgarylibrary < /a > of $ 100,000 IF < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/yyccc ? src=hash '' > # yyccc < /a > approves Uber . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/2015BEAG ? src=hash '' > # 2015BEAG < /a > < a href= '' https : //t.co/cPKCpv2T2j '' > pic.twitter.com/cPKCpv2T2j < /a > — @ DruhFarrell
So < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/WBrettWilson '' > @ WBrettWilson < /a > will give $ 100K to the < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/calgarylibrary '' > @ calgarylibrary < /a > when the city approves < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/uberincalgary ? src=hash '' > # uberincalgary < /a > Can we make it happen ? < a href= '' https : //t.co/kYMiYnBNcw '' > pic.twitter.com/kYMiYnBNcw < /a > — @ LoveLaughLunch
Reaction was mixed , with some people applauding the move while others described the move as `` sleazy '' and criticized Wilson for making donations `` with strings attached . ''
Asked online why they would link the seemingly separate issues of Uber and Calgary libraries , Wilson replied tersely : `` Because I can . '' They added a winking-face emoticon .
< a href= '' https : //twitter.com/masonhastie '' > @ masonhastie < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/meganpratt '' > @ meganpratt < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/DruhFarrell '' > @ DruhFarrell < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/calgarylibrary '' > @ calgarylibrary < /a > It 's my money . I can link or otherwise as I see fit . Remember - it 's my money . — @ WBrettWilson
Despite the cheeky tone , the entrepreneur reassured skeptics they were serious about the money .
`` I said it , '' they tweeted in response to one query . `` My word is a contract . ''
Wilson perhaps foreshadowed their move in a video tweeted by Brent Buechler , vice-president of the Calgary Library Foundation , before the award gala that described Wilson as `` Uber excited '' to be the 2015 recipient .
`` As a provocateur , I ca n't tell you how much I am looking forward to having the stage , '' Wilson says in the video .
`` The event 's pretty well sold out , so I 'm not trying to sell tickets . All I 'm saying is : We 're going to have a lot of fun . ''
Yesterday , a federal district court ruled that the Justice Department does not need to disclose two secret memos providing guidance to federal prosecutors and investigators regarding the use of GPS devices and other location tracking technologies . The government had previously released the documents in response to the ACLU 's Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , but their contents were almost entirely censored . ( You can view the redacted documents , in all their glory , here and here . )
The memos were written in the wake of the Supreme Court 's landmark decision in U.S. v. Jones , which held that the government 's use of a GPS tracker to monitor a vehicle 's movements is subject to the Fourth Amendment . While the Supreme Court 's decision was a major victory for Americans ' privacy rights , it also raised numerous unanswered questions about the proper use of GPS tracking and other surveillance technologies going forward . The court , for example , did not decide whether the government must obtain a warrant to install and monitor GPS devices . And it did not explain how the Fourth Amendment applies to other location tracking technologies .
The Justice Department drafted the memos to address those open questions , but it claimed in court that it should not have to turn them over because they contain attorney work-product and sensitive law enforcement information . The district court disagreed in part , holding that government guidelines for the use of GPS tracking do not qualify as sensitive law enforcement information , because “ Law enforcement 's use of GPS tracking is well known by the public. ” But it concluded that the government may nevertheless keep the guidelines secret , on the ground that the results of DOJ 's reasoning “ will be borne out in the courts . ”
We certainly hope the district court is correct in predicting that the government 's surveillance policies will eventually see the light of day in an open judicial forum . But while we wait for the courts to weigh in , the political branches will be the ones who determine how much privacy we can expect in our movements over the course of weeks or months — movements that can reveal a surprisingly intimate picture of our personal and professional lives . That is why these memos are so important . And yet we know they exist only because FBI General Counsel Andrew Weissmann happened to mention them in a law school talk that ended up on YouTube ( you can watch it here ) .
Fortunately , the district court does not get the last word on this issue . Senator Ron Wyden ( D-OR ) and Representative Jason Chaffetz ( R-UT ) have asked Attorney General Eric Holder to release the documents , reminding the attorney general that “ there is no room in American democracy for secret interpretation of public law. ” ( You can read their letter here . ) And the New York Times Editorial Board has called on the Justice Department to release the location tracking memos to the public of its own volition , so that we can have the public debate about government surveillance practices that the administration claims to welcome . And if you want to skip right over interpretations of the law and get behind a strong Congressional fix , you can support legislation mandating a warrant for all location tracking here .
We the People have a right to know what checks the executive branch has put in place to regulate law enforcement 's use of the powerful new surveillance tools at its disposal . We hope the Justice Department someday agrees .
In this creative small apartment in Taichung , Taiwan , Z-AXIS DESIGN ( you may remember their home for newlyweds ) uses some interesting decorating twists to multiply visual effects , for example : the pure white overall space , the dinner table with one-side legs in the dining room , the light in the hallway , the transparent door of the study room , the pure white closet door with glossy design , the elevating wooden floor , the embedded bed and so on . The overall result is that of a highly original living space , with an original modern personality .
By reducing vision hindrance , the occupants get a small but wild space . With the pure white tone , the colorful furniture items are successfully emphasized : the shoe cabinet next to the screen wall matches the blue DVD cabinet and the wooden color matches the dark paint . Focusing on the design furniture , you 'll naturally neglect the narrow feeling . [ Photos and information provided via e-mail by Z-AXIS DESIGN ]
( CNN ) -- Israel acknowledged Sunday that it edited recordings of what it said were anti-Semitic and anti-American radio calls by pro-Palestinian activists who tried to run the Gaza blockade and that it could not identify the origin of the broadcasts .
The Israeli military released a 26-second recording Friday night in which a warning call to a ship in the flotilla was met with the reply of `` Shut up -- go back to Auschwitz . '' After another voice reports that the convoy has the permission of Palestinian officials to dock in Gaza , a third voice responds , `` We are helping Arabs going against the U.S. Do n't forget 9/11 , guys . ''
But after the organizers of the aid convoy accused Israeli officials of manipulating the tapes , the Israel Defense Forces reported it had mistakenly identified one of the six ships in the activists ' `` Freedom Flotilla '' as the source of the broadcasts . And it released a nearly six-minute recording of radio traffic that included those calls and several others , along with bursts of static and calls in other languages on the same channel .
`` So to clarify : The audio was edited down to cut out periods of silence over the radio as well as incomprehensible comments so as to make it easier for people to listen to the exchange , '' the Israeli military said in a statement posted on its Web site . And it added , `` Due to an open channel , the specific ship or ships in the 'Freedom Flotilla ' responding to the Israeli Navy could not be identified . ''
Israeli commandos intercepted the convoy at sea on May 31 and stormed the largest vessel , the Turkish-flagged Mavi Marmara , killing nine people aboard . The ships were carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , the Palestinian territory that has been blockaded by Israel since its takeover by the Islamic movement Hamas in 2007 , and the deadly raid sparked international condemnation .
Convoy organizers from Free Gaza said Israel `` doctored '' the recordings `` in order to paint the flotilla passengers as anti-Semites . '' The group denied its vessels were the source of the broadcasts and said the Israeli accusations made `` no more sense with the explanation . ''
`` All radio transmissions on the sea are heard by all captains , '' the group said . `` Once again , Israel is caught in a lie trying to defend itself for the murder and mayhem it committed the morning of May 31 , 2010 . ''
On the full recording , an Israeli warship hails one of the vessels in the flotilla to warn it was approaching a blockade zone and warned that `` all necessary measures '' would be taken to prevent it from docking in Gaza . After three warnings , Free Gaza activist Huwaida Arraf replied that the blockade was a violation of international law and that the convoy was carrying only humanitarian aid .
`` We do not carry anything that constitutes a threat to your armed forces , '' they say on the recording .
The Red Rowdies are a group of fans of the Houston Rockets basketball team .
Before the start of the 2006-07 season , Rockets head coach Jeff Van Gundy held auditions to find what they deemed the most rabid fans of the team . The Rowdies get their own section at Toyota Center during home games . Van Gundy even offered to pay the fans ' season tickets . The coach was responding , in part , to the team 's 15-26 home record in the 2005-06 season ; the Rockets were 28-13 at home in 2006-07 .
Each participant in the original tryout , held in late August 2006 , was asked to show off why they or they are the greatest Rockets fan . Entertainment ranged from speeches , scream shows , and re-enactments of the greatest moments in Rockets history to singing , running , and Indian , Hoola , and break dancing . Judges consisted of members of the Rockets organization and household radio names , such as Matt Jackson of Sportsradio 610 .
In all , 32 Rowdies were selected from the first tryout . Two of them , Corry Worrell and Brandon Pittman , were guests on ESPN2 's Cold Pizza on December 5 , 2006 .
The Rowdies made so much noise in the preseason that Rockets superstar Tracy McGrady decided to purchase twenty more tickets . Tryouts for the second audition were held at Dave and Busters during the regular season opener against the Utah Jazz . A remarkable number of approximately 200 people showed up for the tryout , much less than the estimated 70 who showed up for the first tryout .
Rowdies were obligated to attend approximately 40 out of the 48 home games . Brandon Pittman , who appeared on ESPN 's `` Cold Pizza '' , was honored for attending every single home game .
During Game 1 of the First Round of the Western Conference playoffs , TNT Sports reporter Craig Sager joined the Rowdies in watching the Rockets take on the Utah Jazz . Throughout the season , many reporters from ESPN , TNT , and Fox , as well as several other newspaper journalists , visited the Rowdy Section 114 on the lower bowl of the Toyota Center .
The Rockets gave Van Gundy permission to start the Red Rowdies and is sanctioning the program . There is mention of the group on the official web site .
Tryouts for the second class of Rowdies were held on September 22 , 2007 . Rockets guard Luther Head served as one of the judges . Approximately 60 people showed up for the tryout , and a total of 40 tickets were handed away . With the departure of former head coach Jeff Van Gundy , who sponsored the first installment , Adidas picked up the sponsorship of the Rowdies for year number two . The Rockets sponsored a road-trip to San Antonio for all Rowdies on November 16 , 2007 , providing tickets and charter bus .
The original name of the Red Rowdies was supposed to be `` Van Rowdies '' , named after head coach Van Gundy , but because of Van Gundy 's contractual situation , and because McGrady later bought tickets , Red Rowdies it was .
With as many problems as Microsoft 's new gaming console , the Xbox One , has encountered in its rocky road to the holiday market , the real surprise is that 4chan managed to wait til December before creating the ultimate prank for anyone still holding onto their dreams of an Xbox not “ fraught with frustrations . ”
Yesterday , 4chan 's infamous /b/ forum—which a few months ago convinced a bunch of people to dunk their new iPhones in water—unleashed an elaborate infographic that promises a “ hack ” to provide backwards compatibility for the Xbox One .
MORE : Now 10 years old , 4chan is the most important site you never visit
There 's just one hitch : Actually following the directions will totally destroy your new toy . You know . The one that retails anywhere from $ 500 to $ 900 .
To be clear there is no way to make your Xbox One backwards compatible & performing steps to attempt this could make your console inoperable — Larry Hryb ( @ majornelson ) December 6 , 2013
The prank purports to “ unlock ” the console , allowing it to play games designed for the older Xbox 360 .
Instead , it “ bricks ” the Xbox One completely , rendering it totally inoperable . And unfortunately for anyone who trusted the trolls at 4chan , it does n't come with reversal instructions .
4chan 's prank is pure evil . It 's also somewhat clever commentary on the level of frustration gamers have felt with the console in the lead-up to its launch this year .
1 ) First , a highly anticipated E3 premiere of the Xbox One was undermined by accusations of sexism .
2 ) Shortly afterward , Microsoft had to reverse two controversial features : one that required the console to be constantly connected to the Internet in order to play games , and another that placed DRM restrictions on game-sharing .
3 ) Then gamers realized they needed to buy an already widely criticized $ 60 annual subscription to Xbox Live in order to get the most out of the new console .
4 ) Finally , on top of everything else , Microsoft announced that making older editions of the console compatible with the Xbox One would be “ problematic , ” despite hinting earlier on that they 'd be willing to use streaming services to make older games available .
5 ) The sexism allegations returned in full force as Microsoft published a really weird form letter called “ We got your back , ” addressed to dudes whose girlfriends wo n't let them play video games . It was as if the company did n't realize that nearly 40 percent of Xbox users are women .
It 's hardly a surprise that fans are falling for the prank—after all , who does n't want to play Halo 4 on their brand-new gaming console , even if the resolution is disappointing ?
The damage has been significant enough that Xbox Live 's programming director Larry Hryb put out a PSA via Twitter :
To be clear there is no way to make your Xbox One backwards compatible & performing steps to attempt this could make your console inoperable — Larry Hryb ( @ majornelson ) December 6 , 2013
It seems as though Microsoft has its hands full trying to keep Xbox fans from self-destructing : earlier this week on Reddit , a user tried to explain how to access the Xbox One 's highly anticipated Devkit feature , only to be begged to stand down by Xbox developers concerned they would brick the console before the feature was fully deployed .
But with an eight-year stretch between the release of the Xbox 360 and the Xbox One , the odds are many gamers wo n't want to wait for Microsoft to fix the console 's more controversial elements . For 4chan , a crowd of gamers this eager to create workarounds must have seemed easy to manipulate .
The good news : It 's easy to avoid bricking your new Xbox simply by leaving it alone and ignoring anything that promises a feature Microsoft has n't already announced .
The bad news ? It wo n't get you any closer to having the Xbox you wish you owned , instead of the one you actually bought .
But at least you did n't buy a photo of an Xbox , like this poor kid did .
H/T O Canada | Photo via Wikimedia Commons
In a stunning , unexpected move on Thursday that has the U.S. soccer community chattering , FIFA announced it had extended U.S. media rights agreements with Fox and NBC 's Universal 's Telemundo through the 2026 World Cup . No financial figures were released .
“ We are truly honored that FIFA has elected to extend Fox Sports ' rights to the portfolio of FIFA events including the FIFA World Cup and FIFA Women 's World Cup through 2026 , ” said a Fox Sports spokesperson . “ These events are some of the world 's most important sports competitions , and it is our privilege to be entrusted with these rights in the United States . We 're looking forward to the kickoff of FIFA Women 's World Cup 2015 in June with great anticipation . ”
When asked by Sports Illustrated to speak to Fox Sports president Eric Shanks , an affable chap who enjoys speaking with media members about all things Fox , a Fox Sports spokesperson said , “ We are referring all further inquiries to FIFA . ”
CTV/TSN in Canada has also had its rights agreement extended .
The extensions cover the following tournaments , according to FIFA : The 2026 FIFA World Cup : FIFA Women 's World Cup 2023 , FIFA U-20 World Cup 2023 and 2025 , FIFA U-17 World Cup 2023 and 2025 , FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup 2023 and 2025 , FIFA Futsal World Cup 2024 , FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup 2024 and 2026 , FIFA U-17 Women 's World Cup 2024 and 2026 , and FIFA Confederations Cup 2025 .
“ These agreements guarantee wide distribution for FIFA tournaments across the US and Canada , ” said FIFA Director of TV Niclas Ericson , in a statement . “ Together , we will be able to further promote football in North America and build on the impressive interest shown by audiences in these major territories during the 2014 FIFA World Cup , ”
The news is a huge development given speculation that the United States is a possible candidate to host the 2026 World Cup . And it stunned veteran soccer watchers and Fox competitors . An ESPN source said the network was unaware of any negotiations for FIFA media rights in the U.S .
Tweeted ESPN 's Bob Ley , one of the signature anchors of ESPN 's soccer coverage : “ Did FIFA just grant rights to WC2026 without opening it up to bidding ? # typicalFIFA ''
It appears that way . In 2011 Fox outbid ESPN and NBC for the U.S. English-speaking rights–Sports Business Journal reported the total rights fee to be between $ 400 million to $ 500 million–while NBCUniversal 's Telemundo paid $ 600 million for the U.S. Spanish TV rights .
“ We 're very pleased that FIFA allowed us to extend our deal as the exclusive U.S. Spanish-language broadcaster of FIFA World Cup tournaments through 2026 , ” said Joe Uva , NBCUniversal 's Chairman of Hispanic Enterprises and Content . “ This unprecedented agreement gives our Telemundo and NBCUniversal viewers and digital consumers more of the world 's best soccer for the next 12 years . ''
Some insiders suggest granting Fox and Telemundo an extra round without opening up the bidding means a move to the winter for the 2022 Qatar World Cup is a done deal . The current North American rights holders would be hurt by that move given the loaded winter sports calendar would hurt viewership . FIFA extending Fox and Telemundo 's rights–and not opening it up to other bidders–could be seen as a make-good for the shift in the Qatar tournament .
A June 2015 Fox News broadcast of Donald Trump announcing their presidential campaign . Fox News
For years now , Fox News has been the most-watched cable news channel in America . While it lays claim to neutral reporting , its coverage has typically been more sympathetic toward Republican candidates in general elections . But the 2016 presidential race has n't exactly been typical . The Republican Party is set to nominate a figure in Donald Trump who has divided their own party and been at odds with Fox News , too , since squaring off with anchor Megyn Kelly at a debate last August . Lately , however , there have been signs of a possible détente—including a soft-focus interview with Kelly in March—suggesting that Trump may get the same enthusiastic support Fox has provided to Republican candidates in elections past . How much would the full-throated backing of Fox mean to Trump ?
A great deal , given the findings of a pair of studies analyzing Fox 's impact on vote share . The studies find an effect that 's sufficiently important that it 's earned a name : researchers who study the influence of mass media on politics call it the “ Fox News Effect. ” Far from simply preaching to a conservative choir , Fox , the researchers find , has been winning ever more hearts and minds for the Republican Party over the past 15 years . If we take the studies ' estimates of the Fox News Effect seriously , it could easily prove pivotal in deciding the 2016 presidential election .
Measuring how much Fox—or any other source of information—affects what people believe is no easy task because so many viewers come to Fox—or its left-leaning competitor MSNBC—with their political views already firmly established . One way of trying to get over this hurdle is to look at how voting patterns change when Fox News comes to town . This is the approach taken by economists Stefano DellaVigna and Ethan Kaplan in the 2007 study that gave the Fox News Effect its name . Fox News was only founded in 1996 . In the next four years , it expanded rapidly to reach many—but by no means all—cable subscribers across the country . So it 's possible to compare how Republican vote share changed between 1996 and 2000 in places that got Fox News in time for the George W. Bush–Al Gore election , as compared to places that still lacked access . The study 's authors found a modest impact : Republican vote share was 0.4 to 0.7 percentage points higher in locales with Fox News . ( There were n't any other significant differences between places with and without Fox News , which somewhat alleviates the worry that Fox News was targeting areas poised for a Republican upsurge . )
Of course , it 's not possible to use this approach to measure Fox 's impact in more recent years : These days , Fox News is just about everywhere . Instead , Gregory Martin of Emory University and Ali Yurukoglu of Stanford University revisited the Fox News Effect in a May study using an entirely different method . Their approach takes advantage of the fact that channel order varies by local cable provider . Why should channel order matter ? Because , it turns out , inertia acts powerfully on channel surfers , so the order of channels has a powerful influence over how many subscribers watch a particular station . Many viewers turn on the TV at channel 1 and just starting clicking upward till they find something they like . In some places , Fox News has a coveted slot in the low 20s ( the first 15 to 20 spots tend to go to broadcast networks ) ; in other places , Fox might be channel 50 , so you need to click through many more options to get to Fox . ( Fox News ' channel assignment is n't related to viewer demographics that might otherwise predict its popularity—for example , Fox did n't get a better channel in areas that have traditionally voted Republican . )
Martin and Yurukoglu use the differences in audience size that come from Fox 's random positioning in the cable lineup to calculate how much impact the channel had on voting in the 2000 , 2004 , and 2008 presidential elections . For 2000 , they generated an estimated impact pretty close to what DellaVigna and Kaplan calculated a decade before . But they also found that Fox 's impact took off during the decade that followed : It increased Republican vote share by more than 3.5 percentage points in the 2004 election and more than 6 percentage points by 2008 . These gains , the economists argue , come from an increase in Fox viewership combined with what they calculate to be an increasingly pro-Republican bias at the network , based on an analysis of Fox transcripts . These are huge numbers : Since the U.S. has a two-party system , one more vote for the Republican nominee is typically one vote less for the Democrats . So an extra 6 percent share for the Republicans means 6 percent less for the Democrats , suggesting Fox News ' support could erase a 12-percentage point Democratic lead in the popular vote .
Let 's assume Martin and Yurukoglu 's estimates capture something close to Fox News ' actual influence today ( the channel 's viewership has held steady since 2008 ) . A Reuters poll in early June had Clinton leading Trump by 11 percentage points : Fox 's support could make such a race a dead heat . Support from Fox could even help Trump climb out of the hole he 's dug recently with poorly received statements on the mass shooting in Orlando and their attack on a federal judge overseeing the fraud case against Trump University . Of course , Trump has surely already benefited from the Fox News Effect—he 's enjoyed the support of Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly , among others , for months . But if they command the full support of the network in the general election , Fox could play a pivotal role in deciding the victor .
Then again , if there 's one lesson from the 2016 election cycle it 's that predicting its outcomes is a fool 's game . Trump is a unique figure whose rise has befuddled even the most practiced prognosticators . But given the influence of Fox News in prior elections , we ca n't rule out the possibility that the network 's attitude toward them could decide who becomes the next U.S. president . Trump themselves may have already come to this conclusion , given recent reports that the candidate is in talks with top Fox executives because , according to what one insider told the New York Daily News , Trump realizes they “ ca n't win the general election without Fox . ”
Of course , Fox is hardly the only media outlet with sway in this election . There 's a parallel story to be told , we 're sure , about MSNBC 's effect on its viewers . We focused on Fox because of its scale . They may face increasing competition from online options like Facebook , which faced recent accusations of giving a liberal bias to its news feed . But there is still no other US news source—news channel , newspaper , magazine , or social media—has the attention share that Fox News commands . That is , not only does Fox have a far greater viewership than its competitors—it has three-times the audience of MSNBC—its viewers are also less apt to seek news from other sources .
Donald Trump has made no secret of their disdain for the media , and the press is right to be concerned about the steps a President Trump might take to curtail its powers . Those powers are essential to keep elected officials accountable to voters . But the power of news outlets like Fox to swing elections should also give the public pause . If it is true that Fox News has the potential to anoint a winner , how do we know that they will not use it to secure favors or assurances from presidential hopefuls ? If media moguls are communicating with presidential hopefuls outside the spotlight , what are they asking for , and what are they promising ? We , the electorate , have the right to know .
Read more from Slate on the 2016 campaign .
Ohio Gov . John Kasich ( R ) panned President Trump 's tax plan for failing to include revenue increases to offset massive tax cuts , arguing that Republicans are abdicating their responsibility to protect against booming deficits .
“ Somebody said something I found very interesting : When a Democrat is president , Republicans care about debt and Democrats do n't . When a Republican is president , Democrats care about debt and Republicans do n't , '' Kasich said Friday during a Washington panel hosted by The Christian Science Monitor .
`` That 's how pathetic things get in this town . ''
Kasich , one of Trump 's most outspoken rivals for the GOP presidential nomination , laughed when asked about the plan and noted that there are not enough details yet to consider the plan 's effects .
ADVERTISEMENT
While they agreed in principle with Republican orthodoxy that growth offered by tax cuts can create incentives to boost the economy , they warned against relying too heavily on the idea of `` dynamic scoring '' to justify deep tax cuts that are n't otherwise paid for .
Kasich specifically cited Republican Gov . Sam Brownback 's Kansas , which had a budget that relied heavily on dynamic scoring and now faces `` enormous revenue problems . ''
One major problem of those rising deficits , they added , is that they divert resources away from social programs for the poor . So they called on Congress and the White House to toe the line between tax relief and adding to the deficit .
“ They need to be careful about adding an enormous amount of increase to the national debt , '' they said , `` Because when the debt goes up , the jobs go down ; and when the debt goes down , the jobs go up . ''
The Trump administration released a rough sketch of their tax plan on Wednesday in the form of a one-page overview . It includes lowering the top individual tax rate about 5 percentage points to 35 percent and slashing the corporate tax from 35 percent to 15 percent while eliminating many deductions .
But many in the GOP share Kasich 's concerns specifically about the impact on the debt , and others question the lack of specific details within the plan .
Originally the Prime Directive prohibited interference with pre-warp cultures . The rationale behind the Prime Directive was that , no matter how good your intentions may be nor how terrible the thing you 're trying to prevent might be ( in terms of plague or Holocaust or natural disaster ) , interference from a technologically advanced civilization was always worse for the native culture and the native population than letting the bad thing happen .
The ethics of this are debatable , but its roots are in the historical reality of advanced cultures interacting with less advanced cultures here on Earth . ( Spoiler : It always ends badly for the less advanced culture . ) In-universe , you can easily postulate that the Federation has studied a lot of practical cases ( including those where they tried limited interference ) and eventually concluded that interference is just a bad idea .
Thematically , it should be noted , the purpose of the Prime Directive was almost always about giving the protagonists something to rebel against : The Prime Directive says we should n't do this , but we 're going to ignore it and save the day . The Prime Directive was thus characterized as something that was generally a good idea , but not always specifically a good idea . ( I also do n't believe that the original series ever invoked the Prime Directive in order to justify standing aside and allowing a genocide to occur . )
The use of the Prime Directive saw a major thematic shift following the episode “ Symbiosis ” in the first season of Star Trek : The Next Generation . In this episode , Captain Picard uses some very clever Prime Directive judo after they discover that one pre-warp civilization is selling another pre-warp civilization addictive drugs as the “ cure ” for withdrawal from the addictive drug . They ca n't interfere by warning the addicted civilization , but they eventually resolve the situation by refusing to repair the freighters they use to deliver the addictive drugs . ( He sure is lucky that the civilizations have lost the tech to repair those freighters for themselves ! )
This episode was a clever little inversion of the traditional Prime Directive story , but its success largely characterized the use of the Prime Directive going forward : It was the thing to be obeyed slavishly , usually with a convenient Hand of the Author to set up a convenient series of coincidences to “ prove ” the rightness of the Prime Directive .
The next major shift in the Prime Directive came with the “ Pen Pals ” episode in the second season of TNG . In this episode , Picard claims that an entire species of intelligent life should be allowed to die in a natural holocaust because it was the “ natural development ” for that society . At the end of the episode , the Prime Directive is quietly bent in order to save the alien race ( one of the last instances in which this would happen ) , but the precedent of “ the Prime Directive says we should let extinction-level events happen from external causes ” had been set . ( This , IMO , is the point where the Prime Directive transitions from a decent directive for starship captains wielding civilization-altering technology without any immediate oversight to a completely contemptible and horrible concept . )
The final metamorphosis of the Prime Directive came during Voyager when it began getting applied to species capable of warp travel . The Prime Directive had become evil , now it was destined to become totally idiotic as Janeway ping-ponged their way between epic space battles one week and claiming that the ship could n't defend itself because of the Prime Directive the next .
Voyager also had a terrible predilection for the most contrived Hand-of-the-Author Prime Directive stories . For example , in “ Prototype ” we have B'elanna disobey Janeway 's claim that they ca n't help a species of warp-capable androids because of the Prime Directive . Then , at the end of the episode , it turns out the androids were coincidentally racist genociders . ( It 's the storytelling equivalent of claiming that you should never help hitchhikers because it might turn out that they 're Hitler on their way to register for public office . )
As a final footnote , we have “ Dear Doctor ” from Enterprise . In this episode , featuring a Prime Directive crisis before the Prime Directive existed , the Hand-of-the-Author which had become a metastatic cancer in Voyager is revealed to be a literal Hand of God : The Valakians are literally meant to go extinct so that the Menk can inherit the planet . A doctrine which had become completely vile and nonsensical is now sanctimoniously defended as an article of essentially religious faith .
In this photo taken on Saturday , March 15 , 2014 . Carabobo 's State police officers stand next to graffiti that reads in Spanish `` Isabelica in war '' during a opposition protest at Isabelica neighborhood outside Valencia , Venezuela . The people of the poor district of La Isabelica were made to pay for taking to the streets in anti-government protests . More than a dozen masked men on motorcycles roared through , shooting up a barricade and killing a university student and a 42-year-old man painting their house . ( AP Photo/Fernando Llano )
VALENCIA , Venezuela ( AP ) — The masked gunmen emerged from a group of several dozen motorcycle-mounted government loyalists who were attempting to dismantle a barricade in La Isabelica , a working-class district of Valencia that has been a center of unrest since nationwide protests broke out last month .
The barricades ' defenders had been hurling rocks , sticks and other objects at the attackers , who included perhaps a dozen armed men , witnesses told The Associated Press .
Lisandro Barazarte , a photographer with the local newspaper , Notitarde , caught images of several of the men shooting into the crowd while steadying their firearms on their palms .
`` They were practiced shooters , '' Barazarte said . `` More were armed , but did n't fire . ''
When it was over , two La Isabelica men were dead : a 22-year-old student , Jesus Enrique Acosta , and a little league baseball coach , Guillermo Sanchez . Witnesses told the AP the first was shot in the head , the second in the back . They said neither was at the barricades when they were killed .
Similar shootings across Venezuela by gunmen allied with the socialist-led government have claimed at least seven lives and left more than 30 people wounded since the anti-government protests began in mid-February .
President Nicolas Maduro has done nothing to publicly discourage the violence by armed pro-government militants , loosely known as `` colectivos , '' which are also blamed for scores more cases of beatings and intimidation in multiple cities . That includes a March 19 incursion into the architecture academy at the Central University of Venezuela in the capital in which some 40 masked men and women identifying themselves as government defenders bloodied at least a dozen students .
In fact , since the protests began , Maduro and their vice president have each welcomed pro-government `` motorizados , '' or motorcyclists , to separate events at the presidential palace — a Feb. 24 rally and a `` peace conference '' on March 13 .
At the latter gathering , Vice President Jorge Arreaza told their guests , `` If there has been exemplary behavior it has been the behavior of the motorcycle colectivos that are with the Bolivarian revolution . '' They claimed the CIA was behind a propaganda campaign to discredit the colectivos .
Maduro has blamed the violence on the other side , telling supporters on March 9 , `` There are violent armed groups in the streets , and they are all from the right . ''
Colectivos have long been a fixture in poorer neighborhoods that became strongholds of the late President Hugo Chavez during their 14-year reign . They organize cultural events and community services such as youth summer camps but have also included armed motorcycle-riding militants who have long menaced opposition activists , blocking their marches and roughing up peaceful protesters .
Those violent tactics escalated when anti-government protests surged in mid-February . Fatalities since blamed on colectivo aggression have mostly involved university students , including a prominent student leader , Daniel Tinoco , shot in the chest March 10 in the western city of San Cristobal , where the unrest began amid student outrage at alleged police indifference to an attempted sexual assault .
Most were manning barricades , as were the two students in the western city of Barquisimeto wounded the following day by gunmen who pierced their university 's perimeter and set fire to several cars inside .
During the attack in La Isabelica in Valencia , Acosta was hit by a bullet while they were inside an apartment with a friend near the barricades . Sanchez , 42 , was out walking to buy a paint brush when the bullet that claimed their life tore into their lower torso .
One of Sanchez 's neighbors , who spoke on condition they not be identified for fear of retribution , said the pro-government gang grabbed the wounded Sanchez and dragged them down the street , beating him .
`` The police never came . There was no ( National ) Guard , '' the neighbor said . `` It was the Wild West . ''
Daniel Wilkinson , managing director for the Americas for the U.S.-based group Human Rights Watch , said such colectivo violence is nationwide .
`` This is just one example of a practice we 've seen across several states , of security forces not only tolerating armed groups of civilians who attack peaceful protesters , but even collaborating with these gangs when they commit beatings , arbitrary arrests and other abuses , '' Wilkinson said .
Welcome to the CinemaScore Film F-estival , where the F stands for failure , frustration , and “ Can I please have my fucking money back ? ” You want perplexing subtext ? Excessive unpleasantness ? Willfully perverse genre experimentation ? Downer endings ? We 've got it all and then some . There are arty indulgences granted to big stars , and more general wallows in auteur whims and the grimiest depths of despair . Remember : Nearly everyone who filled out survey cards in Phoenix and Coral Springs hated it , but maybe you 'll like it !
A bit of context first : CinemaScore is a polling outfit that started in 1979 , when founder Ed Mintz , according their son Harold , was disappointed by The Cheap Detective and wanted to know what “ real people , not critics ” thought of the film . ( Note : Critics are , in fact , real people . This ranks with “ You live in your parents ' basement ” and “ You 're just a failed filmmaker ” near the top of facile movie-critic insults . ) Pollsters are stationed in multiplexes across the country , where moviegoers are given a simple cardboard questionnaire that asks them to fill out a few demographic categories and give the movie they 've just seen a grade from A to F. The results are then tallied and reported on opening day , so studios and box-office watchers can get some idea of how word of mouth might affect a film 's performance on Saturday , Sunday , and the weeks ahead .
Though Nate Silver has yet to weigh in on CinemaScore 's methodology—I suspect it 's somewhere between Rasmussen and the Unskewed Polls guy—there are two things to take away from the results : 1 . Most movies get high marks , because people choose to see movies that appeal to them , and Hollywood is committed ( too committed , frankly ) to giving them exactly what they want . 2 . No nitpicking about methodology can obscure the fact that F-rated movies are films that general audiences rejected . So whatever the merits of Steven Soderbergh 's Solaris remake , Killing Them Softly , Bug , Wolf Creek , Darkness , The Box , The Devil Inside , and Silent House—the eight movies that have gotten F CinemaScores to date—it 's clear that “ real people ” rejected them .
And yet the idea of an F CinemaScore Film Festival came to me because I happen to like ( or at least find redeeming ) five of the eight movies on that list : Solaris , Killing Them Softly , Bug , Wolf Creek , and The Box . To me , what these cases reveal about CinemaScore is that it is n't a metric of merit , but a barometer of comfort , with satisfaction on one end and estrangement on the other . But estranging qualities are qualities nonetheless , even if they break from expectation . The romantic comedies of Gerard Butler may be dull , deplorable , or some combination of the two , but they are n't going to alienate people who unaccountably enjoy the romantic comedies of Gerard Butler . But when Killing Them Softly , a crime thriller starring Brad Pitt , forgoes action in favor of commentary on the 2008 financial crisis and election-year politics , it 's roundly rejected for the crime of cutting against the grain .
There 's another factor at play , too , my intrepid F-estivalgoers : Whenever anything is branded the worst of the worst , it 's nearly always a must-see . That 's why The Room or Glen Or Glenda ? are bad-movie standbys , while the actual worst films of all time are lost to the remainder bin of history . Films that are bad in a way that makes people take note may be inept , but they 're distinctive and personal , and as striking in their own way as canonical classics on the other side of the spectrum . When I first considered writing about the CinemaScore Film F-estival , it was in anticipation of The Counselor , a philosophy-laden crime thriller of the Killing Them Softly variety , which I thought would give me a splashy centerpiece . It wound up scoring a “ D , ” perhaps on the merits of a few crackerjack action sequences , or Cameron Diaz humping a windshield , but sure enough , there was Salon 's Andrew O'Hehir writing under the headline “ Meet the worst movie ever made. ” If I had n't seen it already—and approved of Cormac McCarthy 's smuggled insights about coming to terms with the existence of evil in the world—that header would have had me rushing out on opening night .
The aggravation of CinemaScore is how much it reveals—and , as a service , reinforces— Hollywood 's minimal interest in trying anything new . And that , in turn , trains moviegoers not to expect or appreciate the unexpected : On the barometer of comfort , both producers and audiences are set on “ cozy. ” Take The Counselor , for example . Broken down to its core plot elements , the film is a standard genre tale about an amateur crook ( Michael Fassbender ) who 's out of their depth . That 's a story that 's been told countless times before , and Cormac McCarthy knows it . So they use that familiar framework to trojan-horse a dark , existential rendering of the themes that run through their work . Instead of having the crook square off against their cartel adversary , McCarthy gives that adversary a philosophical monologue to explain why the crook is doomed . If McCarthy did this in one of their novels , no one would bat an eye . For them to do it in a major studio movie is heresy . I suspect that in part , it does n't work as a movie because we 've been given a narrow definition of what Hollywood movies are allowed to do .
Broadly speaking , the two criminal offenses that bind the five films in our CinemaScore Film F-estival are defying expectations and not having the courtesy to end on a happy note . Though Soderbergh 's Solaris remake brings a sleek , romantic quality to Andrei Tarkovsky 's more cerebral original , it nonetheless does n't behave like the studio space adventures of the 21st century , which follow the traditions of Westerns and action movies more than true science fiction . The Box has a great hook , courtesy of the Richard Matheson short story “ Button Button , ” about a mystery man who presents a couple with a box and offers them $ 1 million if they press the button on top—with the knowledge that somewhere in the world , someone they do n't know will die . But writer-director Richard Kelly steers the film down a rabbit hole even murkier than the one in their cult favorite Donnie Darko , and few were willing to follow him . This was not an appeal to Donnie Darko acolytes , or the few , the proud , the Southland Tales fans ; this was a Warner Bros. picture .
For their parts , Bug and Wolf Creek are unrelenting exercises in horror and despair , albeit of a different variety . Though Bug director William Friedkin amplifies the intensity in every way they can—by whipping their actors , Ashley Judd and Michael Shannon , into a paranoid frenzy ; by projecting their delusions through an aggressive soundtrack ; by keeping the camera close—it 's fundamentally a two-person play ( scripted for the stage by Tracy Letts ) that ends in flames . Wolf Creek is about three backpackers held captive in the outback by a deranged Crocodile Dundee , where they 're tormented and tortured , far from civilization . There 's no “ Final Girl ” or lifesaving third-act deus ex machina—only a cutting away of the safety net , letting audiences feel the weight of the characters ' helpless , hopeless struggle for survival . As ugly as the genre can get , even horror films are expected to let in a little light .
Add to those four Killing Them Softly , which teases viewers with a tense , masterfully executed heist sequence at a mobbed-up poker game before settling into grimy ambience and talk , and it 's admittedly one frustrating , perhaps indigestible block of cinema . None of the five are without flaws—quick adjectives that come to mind include “ arch ” ( Solaris ) , “ incoherent ” ( The Box ) , “ overwrought ” ( Bug ) , “ sadistic ” ( Wolf Creek ) , and “ unsubtle ” ( Killing Them Softly ) —but they also go places most studio releases fear to tread . In response to The Counselor 's reception , director Edgar Wright quipped , “ Almost all '70s movies would have had terrible CinemaScores. ” Scrubbing such films from the studio docket may save us some exasperating nights at the multiplex , but it 'll spare us some memorable ones , too .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Capping off a year of high-profile battles over transgender rights , a landmark study out today reveals widespread patterns of harassment and assault faced by many of the estimated 1.4 million American adults who do n't identify with their birth sex .
The 2015 US Transgender Survey is the largest-ever examination of the daily lives of trans people in the United States . Researchers from the National Center for Transgender Equality asked more than 27,000 participants from all 50 states last year what it was like to navigate family life , schools , job interviews , doctor 's offices , and yes , bathrooms . That 's up from about 6,500 participants in the organization 's last survey in 2011 .
Based on the survey 's findings , here 's a taste of what it 's like to be trans in America :
What it 's like to come out to parents and siblings
Of those who opened up to their family about their gender identity , 1 in 12 were kicked out of the house , and 1 in 10 ran away from home .
Those with supportive families were less likely to experience homelessness or attempt suicide .
Attend school
Twenty-four percent said they were physically attacked while they were in elementary or high school , and 13 percent were sexually assaulted because of their gender identity .
Seventeen percent dropped out because of mistreatment .
What it 's like to hold a job
Nearly 1 in 3 people said they were fired , denied a promotion , or mistreated at work over the past year because of their gender identity .
About the same proportion , 29 percent , were living in poverty—that 's twice the rate for the general US population .
Find housing
About 1 in 3 had experienced homelessness at some point in their life . Roughly 1 in 8 were homeless within the past year .
Of those who went to a shelter , 7 in 10 said they were mistreated—some got harassed , faced sexual assault , or were kicked out for being trans .
Seek health care
One-third of respondents who saw a health care provider over the past year had a negative experience—from being refused treatment to facing physical assault during their doctor 's visit .
More than half of those who sought insurance coverage for transition-related surgery over the past year were denied , while a quarter of those seeking coverage for hormone therapy were denied . Both treatments are considered life-saving for many trans people .
Or show an ID to get into an event
More than two-thirds of people said none of their IDs listed their preferred name or gender ( in some places it 's hard to change identification documents ) . Nearly a third of those respondents who showed one of these old IDs were verbally harassed , denied benefits or a service , asked to leave , or assaulted .
What it 's like to be stopped by a cop or Call 911
More than half said they were mistreated by police , including verbally harassed , referred to as the wrong gender , assaulted , or forced to have sex with an officer to avoid arrest . Many respondents said police assumed they were sex workers .
More than half said they 'd be uncomfortable asking the cops for assistance if they needed to .
Of those who were held in jail , prison , or juvie , about a quarter had been physically assaulted by staff or other inmates over the past year . Trans people were over nine times more likely to be sexually assaulted by other inmates than the general US prison and jail population .
Or need to pee when you 're out running errands
About 1 in 10 were denied access to a bathroom in the year prior to the survey—and that was before North Carolina passed its anti-transgender bathroom law . More than half of respondents had avoided bathrooms because they were worried about possible harassment or violence .
About 1 in 3 tried not to eat or drink very much so they would n't need to use the bathroom . Eight percent reported having a urinary tract infection , a kidney infection , or another kidney-related problem over the past year from holding it .
Why it can be daunting to get through a normal day
Nearly half have been sexually assaulted during their lifetime . About 1 in 10 had been physically attacked over the past year .
More than half had gone through an abusive romantic relationship .
Forty percent had attempted suicide at some point—about nine times the rate in the general US population .
Especially for trans people of color
Nineteen percent of black trans women are living with HIV , compared with 1.4 percent of trans people overall and 0.3 percent of the US population .
Trans people of color face higher rates of violence—check out some of Mother Jones ‘ previous coverage .
Trans people of color are much more likely than white trans people to be jobless ; the unemployment rate for Middle Eastern trans people is as high as 35 percent . ( For reference , the US unemployment rate is 5 percent . )
There were a few bright spots in the survey , including growing acceptance of trans people among family members , colleagues , and classmates . And many trans people are ready to fight for change at the polls . Of those who are eligible to vote , 54 percent cast a ballot in the 2014 midterm election , compared with 42 percent of the US population .
But they 'll likely face an uphill battle with the Trump administration . Some of the president-elect 's cabinet picks have campaigned in the past against LGBT rights , including Ben Carson , the nominee for secretary of housing and urban development . In July , Carson said a transgender person was similar to someone who wakes up one day after watching a movie about Afghanistan and suddenly decides she 's Afghan ; the retired neurosurgeon added that they were “ disturbed ” that “ secular progressives ” were trying to make trans issues a “ civil rights issue. ” Trump 's pick for health secretary , Tom Price , described the Obama administration 's guidelines to protect trans people in schools and health care settings as an “ absurd ” overreach of federal power .
It 's not quite clear where the president-elect themselves stands on all this . In May , they vowed to do away with the Obama administration guidelines—before adding that the government had a responsibility to “ protect all people ” and that they looked forward to learning more about the push for trans rights . In October , they said it was “ ridiculous ” for the Pentagon to allow trans men and women to serve openly in the military . “ Despite policy improvements over the last several years , ” the National Council for Transgender Equality wrote in its report about the survey , “ it is clear that there is still much work ahead to ensure that transgender people can live without fear of discrimination and violence . ”
CHILDREN AND OTHER family members of gardaí are being targeted on social media sites and subjected to “ horrendous harassment ” .
Middle-ranking gardaí will debate motions over the next two days about the impact of social media posts identifying them .
Pat Baldwin , who is a sergeant in Kilkenny told reporters this evening at the annual conference of the Association of Garda Sergeants and Inspectors ( AGSI ) in Killarney that a number of members have approached them in recent months about social media users revealing in posts or comments where they live .
“ Some members of their family have suffered horrendous harassment and continuous and sustained not short of bullying on social media because of their job , ” they said . “ On one occasion one of their kids was pinpointed and for another member it was mentioned where they train kids about their job and something that was posted on social media about him . ”
It seems to be a certain level of person who targets members who they 've had interaction with or believe they are responsible for something that happened to them .
They have no specific complaint – they just want to identify that member and harass them .
One of the motions on this year 's AGSI agenda directs the national executive to call on Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald to :
…introduce a criminal offence of photographing or otherwise capturing an image , moving or otherwise , of a member of An Garda Síochána in the exercise of their duty without the member 's consent and to publish or otherwise post this image on any media with intent to identify this member .
A separate motion calls for the Commissioner to adequately protect and support members and their families who are being subjected to social media harassment and other forms of intimidation as a result of doing their job .
“ There are laws in relation to harassment , but that takes a considerable amount of time to investigate and It 's too late because it 's on social media . People of the same mind start liking it and making other comments , ” Baldwin said . “ It 's very devastating to the member and their families – particularly families . ”
“ We want the Minister to consider all options in relation to a criminal offence where members are being identified , their locations and their homes and families as a specific offence for this type of behaviour . ”
We 'll have more from the conference in Killarney over the next three days . Follow @ michellehtweet for updates .
Dundee United plan to replace Johnny Russell by bringing Scotland international David Goodwillie back to Tannadice from Blackburn Rovers .
Jackie McNamara has revealed United have approached Blackburn in a bid to take 24-year-old Goodwillie on loan next season as Russell edges closer to sealing a £750,000 move to Derby County .
Goodwillie left United when they clinched a £2.8m transfer to the Premiership with Blackburn in August 2011 , but spent a brief spell last season on loan to Crystal Palace as they struggled to hold down a place at Ewood Park .
“ Goodwillie is one who definitely interests us , ” said McNamara . “ I think there are a few clubs after him , but we have spoken to Blackburn . It would certainly be a good one to get in to enhance the squad .
“ I know David was well-respected from their time here before . The fans adore him . For me , it would be great to have someone like that to work with .
“ He 's maybe had a bad time of it in the past couple of years with managers leaving . It 's maybe been a bit unsettling but players need to be playing and they do as from the point of view of kick-starting their international career as well . ”
McNamara also revealed their compensation battle with Partick Thistle is almost at an end . The United manager has been on the receiving end of some harsh words from their former club , who claim they wanted money for their part in helping them win promotion to the SPL prior to their move to Tannadice back in January .
McNamara has hotly disputed this and insists the truth will all come out soon after United initially offered them £80,000 to solve the matter . They said : “ We 're hoping it 's nearly done , depending on the lawyers . Partick Thistle 's comments have been a bit disappointing . It was never the case that I wanted bonus money . They know that . I wanted any money to go to charity , but they did n't say that . It 's never been about the money from me . ”
Amazon DynamoDB AWS NoSql database is getting the lot of popularity these days for it 's capabilities . However before It should be used in production , proper analysis needs to be done . Specially if you have spent most of your time working with relational databases , it 's important to be more than 100 % sure before moving towards a NoSQL database .
If you are beginner with AWS , I recommend reading below cloud articles :
Amazon DynamoDB – A Cloud Database ?
Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that promises performance in single digit ( ms ) for any amount of data .
I needed to do benchmark analysis for our NoSQL use case . I thought we can bring up a small Dynamo DB instance to benchmark its performance over conventional Mysql DB for our use case . However I was absolutely wrong .
After signing to AWS console we realized there is no concept of physical/virtual instance in DynamoDB . It 's a database service that spreads the data and traffic for your tables over a sufficient number of servers to handle your throughput and storage requirements .
Amazon DynamoDB Key Features
Amazon DynamoDB can be run locally in development environment . This is great for developers . Developers can do development , debug , write unit tests without spending any penny on the remote service . Download and Running DynamoDB
can be in development environment . This is great for developers . Developers can do development , debug , write unit tests without spending any penny on the remote service .
Amazon DynamoDB supports storing , querying , and updating documents . A row is equivalent to document .
It 's schema-less . Amazon DynamoDB has flexible database schema . The data items in a table need not have same attributes or even the same number of attributes . Multiple data types ( strings , numbers , binary data , and sets ) add richness to the data model .
Amazon DynamoDB gives you the flexibility to query on any attribute ( column ) using global and local secondary indexes . Secondary indexes are indexes that contain hash or hash-and-range keys that can be different from the keys in the table on which primary index is based .
Amazon DynamoDB integrates with AWS Lambda to provide Triggers . Using Triggers , you will be able to automatically execute a custom Lambda function when item level changes in a DynamoDB table are detected . Getting Started with AWS Lambda
. Using Triggers , you will be able to automatically execute a custom Lambda function when item level changes in a table are detected .
Amazon Redshift integrates with Amazon DynamoDB with advanced business intelligence capabilities and a powerful SQL-based interface . When you copy data from a DynamoDB table into Amazon Redshift , you can perform complex data analysis queries on that data , including joins with other tables in your Amazon Redshift cluster . You can learn more about Amazon Redshift from below . Amazon Redshift – Working with JSON Data Amazon Redshift User Management Queries
with Amazon with advanced business intelligence capabilities and a powerful SQL-based interface . When you copy data from a table into Amazon Redshift , you can perform complex data analysis queries on that data , including joins with other tables in your Amazon Redshift cluster . You can learn more about Amazon Redshift from below .
Amazon DynamoDB cloud database is integrated with Elasticsearch using the Amazon DynamoDB Logstash plugin . With this integration , you can easily search DynamoDB content such as messages , locations , tags , and keywords . It can be used for use cases like product search for e-commerce website .
Amazon DynamoDB supports cross-region replication that automatically replicates DynamoDB tables across multiple AWS regions .
Limitations in Amazon DynamoDB
You ca n't query an item without a where clause having the primary key or using one of the secondary index . Scan can be used in this case . Scan is slow and not recommended as per Amazon DynamoDB docs . Secondary indexes by default do not allow selecting any columns which are not part of the index . To enable this , we need to either project these columns to the index ( which duplicated them on disk with index ) or have a second query after getting the primary key from the first query . However it 's not of a big concern since 25 GB disk size is free every month . You can define up to 5 local secondary indexes and 5 global secondary indexes per table . This could be a limitation in a complex business intensive table where various types of queries needs to run . As of now , new indexes can not be added after the table has been created . This means for modifying indexes you need to create new table which can be management headache . So chose your indexes wisely . This limitation only applies to Local Secondary Indexes ( LSIs ) and not to Global Secondary Indexes ( GSIs ) . As of now , existing indexes can not be deleted / modified after the table has been created . Amazon DynamoDB import / export features will be useful if you have to do it . This limitation only applies to Local Secondary Indexes ( LSIs ) and not to Global Secondary Indexes ( GSIs ) .
Data Creation for Benchmarking
I needed to benchmark Amazon DynamoDB queries with below use case :
Create lists table with static attributes user_id list_id status
Primary index attributes are user_id & list_id . Projection = > “ All Attributes ” Create document having 1+ million items . Use proper hash and range primary index . Add secondary index on list_id , status . There can be dynamic attributes also like V1 , V2 , V3 . e.g . V1 , V2 attributes are present for list_id 1 . V1 , V3 attributes are present for list_id 2 . Use Cases to benchmark Batch write in batch of 25 records . One by one write operation . Query list-id , status attributes and fetch all attributes . A list can have upto 0.1 million records . Query list-id , status attributes and fetch only user_id attribute with a list can have 0.1 million records . Scan query operation on list_id . For above benchmarking use case I created 0.67 million items/rows in the table . Table was created in EU Ireland region . For creation of data we used Rails Faker and Fabricate gem to create random values . When the script started it was running very slow . I thought may be DynamoDB is slow . It could be happening because of api latency . Each write api call was taking around 200 ms. As per the calculation it would take around 5 hours for the script to complete which was not at all acceptable . While reading the docs more we came to know about the real power of Amazon DynamoDB . Read ThroughPut : Number of item reads per second × 4 KB item size . Write ThroughPut : Number of item writes per second × 1 KB item size . You can anytime increase/decrease read/write throughput . If your application 's read or write requests exceed the provisioned throughput for a table , then those requests might be throttled . It 's important to keep monitor throughput from dashboard and modify till it matches the production requirement . Initially I kept 1 read throughput and 1 write throughput . Script to create data was running very slow . After increasing write throughput to 100 , script for creating benchmark data ended under 1 hour . This was great . We ran various queries as per benchmark use case . Benchmark Results Use Case Read Throughput Write Throughput Benchmark Results Insert 1 by 1 100 6 ms Batch Insert ( 25 ) 100 1.7 ms Query primary index ( fetch all attributes ) 100 1 ms Scan on non primary index 100 580 ms Query Secondary Index ( fetch all attributes ) 100 44 ms Benchmark results were quite positive . We were convinced to use it for our use case . After finalizing Amazon DynamoDB , we researched more about it 's pricing , availability for production usage . DynamoDB Pricing
For 1 Million Reads Per day 1 Million Writes Per day 12 reads/second 12 writes/second 100k read request from streams $ 0.25/day ( $ 7.50/month ) which is reasonable . Availability
The service runs across Amazon 's proven , high-availability data centers . The service replicates data across three facilities in an AWS Region to provide fault tolerance in the event of a server failure or availability zone outage . Amazon DynamoDB does the database management and administration , and you simply store and request your data . Automatic replication and failover provides built-in fault tolerance , high availability and data durability . Database Backup using Snapshot & Streams Below are ways by which you can take daily backup of dynamoDB table . Use AWS Console to manually trigger export process which would internally spawn and use AWS Data PipeLine and AWS EMR . You will be charged for this . Set up custom instances of Data PipeLine and EMR and write cron jobs to take snapshots using them . Using Scheduled Tasks in Lambda we can invoke node.js snippet which would dump the entire table content in a csv file to S3 . Streams give us ability to capture changes to items stored in a DynamoDB table . Amazon DynamoDB Redshift Integration for Data Backup
DynamoDB to Redshift .
copy favoritemovies from ' < span class= '' il '' > dynamodb < /span > : //ProductCatalog ' credentials 'aws_access_key_id= < em > < code > < access-key-id > < /code > < /em > ; aws_secret_access_key= < em > < code > < secret-access-key > < /code > < /em > ' readratio 50 ; 1 2 3 4 5 copy favoritemovies from ' < span class= '' il '' > dynamodb < /span > : //ProductCatalog ' credentials 'aws_access_key_id= < em > < code > < access-key-id > < /code > < /em > ; aws_secret_access_key= < em > < code > < secret-access-key > < /code > < /em > ' readratio 50 ; Using a simple copy command we can copy over the data fromto Redshift . But it has few limitations : Amazon DynamoDB attributes that do not match a column in the Amazon Redshift table are discarded . This means , every time we upload a new attribute we would have to come back and alter Redshift table schema . Only Amazon DynamoDB attributes with scalar STRING and NUMBER data types are supported . The Amazon complex DynamoDB BINARY and SET data types are not supported .
I asked question on reddit about the first limitation which could be very obvious use case .
Till now have n't got any relevant answer . Will update you if I got any answer .
NAB chief bans cell phone use during office hours
ISLAMABAD : The National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) Chairman , Justice ( R ) Javed Iqbal , has imposed ban on the use of cell phones by NAB officers during office hours in order to ensure complete secrecy and effectiveness of officers towards performance of their official duties .
In a directive , issued on Monday to NAB officials and employees , the wearing of NAB 's specially designed uniform by all NAB Investigation officers of Grade 17 to 18 have also been made mandatory during office hours .
The biometric system has been installed and started working in NAB for ensuring punctually of officers/ official and attendance of all the officials .
The NAB chairperson has also imposed complete ban on coming of private visitors to the NAB Headquarters and in all regional bureaus during office hours and meeting NAB officials .
Only official visitors/guests could meet NAB officers in connection with their official works and assignments and entry and departure time will be properly maintained for official use .
The complainants will meet the NAB chairperson on last Thursday of every month .
The NAB chairperson has already imposed ban on all NAB officers that they should not meet politicians except official work with the permission of the NAB Chairman .
For Christmas J bought me my very own Intuos tablet , which has been gathering dust during my art drought . At last , I busted it out , and would n't you know it , it 's actually fun as shit ! This is my first thing done entirely on a tablet , so it 's rough , but still pretty cool .
I think I like Kristoff so much because they remind me of J. I 'm fond of big , goofy , warmhearted , big-nosed Nordic types . J also narrates for our dog , and if they had a reindeer , guaranteed they would write ballads about how everybody sucks except for reindeers .
Also , Wikipedia tells me that Kristoff 's family name is apparently Bjorgman , bjorg being an old Norse word meaning help/salvation . That 's nice !
reblog on Tumblr ]
character © Disney character © Disney
materials : PS8
music : Of Monsters & Men , `` Mountain Sound ''
Please do not reproduce without my explicit permission .
Hitch is now open near Queen and Leslie . I visited the bar on a quiet Monday evening . Because the bar is so new , I could n't find any information about it online ( other than the address ) so I had no idea what to expect . As I entered the bar , I hypothesized the possible source of the name : Is it a reference to a new trend of incorporating camping into the bars of Leslieville ? The namesake of that movie starring Willow Smith 's dad ? An acronym for H ipters I n T oronto C ome H ere ?
The bartender informed me that the bar is actually named after Christopher Hitchens ( commonly known as Hitch ) . Using Hitch as an inspirational figure for a bar makes sense as Hitch was known to be a heavy drinker , a much more intuitive choice than the Mr.Rogers themed club in Parkdale .
Hitch 's drinking habits are reflected in the exceedingly strong cocktails . I ordered a Bourbon Sour ( $ 11 ) , recommended by the bartender . I 'm usually not a big fan of hard liquor from the whiskey family - it reminds me of the time when I was 17 and put Baby Orajel on my tongue so I could drink rye without tasting it . However , this drink was delicious - the spices juxtaposed with the sour were the perfect drink on such a cold night . Garnishing the two-shot drink with sour cranberries instead of the traditional maraschino cherries was a welcome touch .
The bar , founded by the owner of the nearby Mercury Espresso , also has a small menu of snacks and appetizers ranging from $ 6-10 . We ordered the hummus and chips ( $ 6 ) , the chorizo , manchego and bread ( $ 10 ) , the rustic country pate ( $ 9 ) , and the tuna conserva ( $ 10 ) . Of the appetizers , the rustic country pate was my favourite . The pate was amazing and really tied in the Hitch theme : the pork was representative of Hitchens ' anti-Zionist beliefs while the use of lamb was a throwback to their public criticism of Mother Teresa .
The smokiness was a reference to their ever-present Rothmans and the heavy onion really spoke to the layers of Hitchens ' ideology , from socialist to capitalism to Marxist . The hummus and chorizo plate were also very enjoyable and the tuna earned rave reviews though I did not partake as I am not a fish fan ( too much experimentation in college ) .
Food and drink aside , one of the best things about Hitch is the atmosphere . The bar , decorated with animal busts and mason jar lights , is a Pinterester 's wet dream . The cozy space has one long table as well as several smaller tables and rather than the usual mounted TV , Hitch has installed a projector opposite the largest wall . The bartender mentioned they plan to show documentaries and TED Talks at the bar .
For an establishment where every cocktail contains a double shot , it 's well-lit and the music is low , making it a good venue for a casual meeting or breaking up with someone .
Overall , Hitch is a great place to go for a stiff drink , delicious snacks , and good conversation . This bar truly embodies the idea of a salon . ( The use of the word 'salon ' in public is the first ever application of my liberal arts education . Take that , everyone who said Library Science was a waste ! ) I will definitely return to Hitch in the near future- but for the sake of the pate , leave the Baby Orajel at home .
It 's not clear how the fire started & UJ says a computer lab has also been affected by the blaze .
JOHANNESBURG - The University of Johannesburg ( UJ ) has confirmed that its Sanlam Auditorium has been burnt down to the ground .
It 's not yet clear how the fire started and the university has said in a tweet this morning that a computer laboratory has also been affected by the blaze .
# UJfire Spokesperson Herman Esterhuizen says there is no fire at the moment . It burnt down overnight . ML — EWN Reporter ( @ ewnreporter ) May 16 , 2016
Management is at the scene assessing the damage .
UJ says the auditorium at its Kingsway Campus was gutted overnight .
There 's a heavy security presence at the entrance of the campus and only those with student cards are being allowed to enter the premises .
The building , which is believed to have contained computer labs , is no longer on fire , but is destroyed .
Management says it will be releasing a statement later with further details .
John Stossel is a hit-and-miss libertarian . I 'm often confused by their positions and stances which too often seem to stray from basic libertarian principles .
For instance , their recent Reason column on the NSA boils down to this : there are worse things out there than government prying and spying , so why not worry about those instead ? After all , we gave up our privacy to private corporations like Google and Facebook , so what 's the big deal if the NSA jumps on board ?
This is n't exactly the libertarian line on government invasions of privacy .
Then again , Stossel is one of the few Fox contributors arguing for lower defense spending and other largely rational policies , so for me he 's a mixed bag . And I 'm generally okay with people who are mixed bags -- -I 'm a mixed bag myself .
I 'm also not a libertarian .
But I do share some values with my libertarian friends , and one of those is my belief that censorship is wrong and free speech is sacrosanct .
There 's been much ado over violent video games recently , and one thing we hear over and over again is that we should `` regulate '' or `` tax '' violence in our media .
Take Franklin Graham , son of Billy Graham , who went on Stossel 's Fox show to argue that violent video games are contributing to an `` epidemic '' of violence in America :
I think Stossel 's reply is exactly right : there is no evidence that violent video games and violent crime are linked at all , let alone mass shootings .
More to the point , Stossel points out violent crime among youths is down even as video game sales are up , and gun deaths in the United States far outpace the rest of the industrialized ( and video-game-playing ) world .
Another thing that irks me about arguments like Graham 's : this constant refrain that there have n't been any studies conducted on this issue . There have been numerous studies , actually , though many are contradictory and certainly nothing conclusive can be drawn from them .
But as Stossel points out , they ca n't imagine `` what more study we could have other than the fact that the games are more popular and crime is down . ''
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook . Read my Forbes blog here .
The Supreme Court of the breakaway Georgian region of South Ossetia has voided the second round of the region 's election to choose a de facto leader in which an opposition candidate was leading according to early preliminary results.The court declared the November 27 voting illegitimate after ruling that there had been significant electoral violations.According to preliminary results of voting released on November 28 , former Education Minister Alla Dzhioyeva was leading with 56.7 percent of the vote , compared to 40 percent for Emergency Situations Minister Anatoly Bibilov.Bibilov had been openly supported by Moscow , including a ringing endorsement from Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.The Supreme Court ruling on November 29 came in response to a complaint by Bibilov alleging that Dzhioyeva supporters had bribed and intimidated voters.Dzhioyeva 's campaign said the election was essentially free and fair and countered that Bibilov 's court challenge was an attempt to subvert the legitimate results of the voting.Irina Gagloyeva , the former information minister of South Ossetia and now director of the Tskhinvali IR media center , told RFE/RL that some reports suggest that a number of Supreme Court justices refused to participate in the ruling , casting doubt on its legality . `` The legal aspects of this decision will have to be analyzed , '' they said . `` It seems obvious that it is illegal , but all the nuances have to be analyzed . In any case there will definitely be consequences . Those who voted for Dzhioyeva will definitely stand up for their rights . `` Dzhioyeva 's supporters had gathered outside the territory 's Central Election Commission headquarters in the hours before the ruling , amid signals that officials would try to scupper the process.Bibilov met with journalists shortly before the court 's decision was announced and emphasized the need to observe legality : '' The situation in South Ossetia is becoming inflamed , '' they said . `` But we are not the ones are inflaming things . It is not our staff . We have always said and we say again that we are acting completely within the law and will not do anything that is against the law . `` In comments to RFE/RL 's Georgian Service also shortly before the Supreme Court decision was made public , Dzhioyeva said the election results were valid and had been confirmed by the Election Commission , by observers from both campaigns , and by international monitors : '' All 15 members of the Central Election Commission signed the final election protocol , '' they said . `` Considering this , the actions of the chairperson of the Supreme Court , Mr. [ Atsamaz ] Bichenov , must be seen as absolutely unconstitutional and illegal . `` Russian Duma Deputy Konstantin Shirshov , who was an election monitor from Russia , testified at the court hearing on November 29 and said that they had seen Dzhioyeva 's supporters campaigning illegally at polling stations.However , Maurice Bonnot , an observer from the Paris-based Institute of Democracy and Cooperation , told RFE/RL that the election was fair . `` The election for president of South Ossetia was conducted democratically and this can not be ignored , '' they said . `` The electoral process and the protocols were in order -- I hear that there are complaints now , but I do n't see any cause for them . We did not see any efforts to pressure voters . This election was democratic and the election should be validated . This is the choice of the people . And people need to learn how to win and how to lose as well . `` South Ossetia is a region of Georgia that declared its independence in 1990 . Following the August 2008 war between Russia and Georgia , Moscow recognized South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian region , Abkhazia . Since then , Nicaragua and two other countries have acknowledged the regions , but most of the international community considers them part of Georgia.The Georgian government does not consider the elections there legitimate.written in Prague by Robert Coalson based on reporting by RFE/RL 's Georgian and Russian services
The cheeky staff at the Rio cinema pulled off a hilarious spoof of the monumental Oscars mess-up last night , playing 20 seconds of ‘ La La Land ' at the start of ‘ Moonlight ' . Luckily the sold-out audience got the joke straight-away , breaking into a huge round of applause . ‘ It was n't the actual feature film , but a few seconds from a teaser trailer , ' the Rio 's duty manager told us today over the phone . ‘ Then we shut it down , and did a bit of fumbling to make it look like we made a mistake . '
Props to @ riocinema in # Dalston for playing the first 20 seconds of La La Land immediately before last night 's screening of Moonlight pic.twitter.com/2ZLllrnPFq — Sophie Dukebox ( @ sophiedukebox ) February 28 , 2017
The Rio , a single-screen community cinema , has extended its run of 'Moonlight ' and will be showing the Oscar winner for another week : 'It 's perfect for our local audience . '
And in other Oscar oopsie news , this might be the best of the memes doing the rounds .
Has anyone done this yet pic.twitter.com/tMKSgLS3UD — Jen Lewis ( @ thisjenlewis ) February 27 , 2017
Here 's how the Oscars mix-up happened . Eleven crazy moments from the 2017 Oscars everyone will be talking about . The night 's full list of winners - and everything else you need to know about the 2017 Oscars .
Side projects are a good way to stay sane and keep sharp . 2013 was a crazy year - my side projects were a lot of fun and they opened many opportunities .
6 total worth talking about , in chronological order :
Verified Facts
Verified Facts generates random conspiracy theories . They sound crazy but they 're close enough to real ones that it can be hard to tell the difference . This was a lot of fun to make .
It went viral with over a half a million conspiracies generated . The highlight was when Neil Gaiman tweeted it to over a million people . Viral traffic spikes can be thrilling and nerve-wracking . We endured it with no downtime on a ec2 micro thanks to some clever caching + redis on top of mongo .
11 months later , the site ranks well for many conspiracy searches and is being found by people who are n't in on the joke . Here 's a sample of recent search traffic :
I wrote a more in-depth post on it , including an explanation of how it works here .
Watchtower
I built Watchtower with a few other guys from Room 77 for Jason Calcanis 's LAUNCH hackathon . It 's a service that watches your competitors ' websites and lets you know when they change certain things . This is good for detecting their A/B tests , new marketing campaigns , etc .
We unexpectedly made it past the first couple judging rounds . Before we knew it we were presenting to an audience of 1,000+ conferencegoers in a huge auditorium . I 'm including this embarrassing video for completeness .
I 'd love to work more on Watchtower because I think the idea is really compelling . Unfortunately it 's hard to corral 4 hackathon participants to work on things long term . We 're considering some offers to sell it .
Asterank
My side-project-turned-startup Asterank was acquired by Planetary Resources , the asteroid mining company . I started the project in 2012 and in June this year I signed the papers .
I also rolled out a crowdsourced asteroid discovery app called Asterank Discover . To date , people have reviewed over 115,000 images and spotted hundreds of potential asteroids , a significant contribution to science .
Now Asterank Discover is getting rolled into `` Asteroid Zoo '' at Planetary Resources , which was in the news recently when we announced our partnership with NASA , the Adler Planetarium , and the Catalina Sky Survey .
The other cool part about my Asterank project is that it got me several speaking invitations and job offers .
In June I spoke at ideacity , which is like Canadian TED . It was an awesome experience and I met tons of fun and interesting people . It was also a good exercise in public speaking , which I do n't do much .
And this November I spoke at the World Technology Awards in New York , where I was nominated for an award in the Space category . My competition included Elon Musk ( SpaceX , Tesla ) , the founders of Planetary Resources , and the director of NASA AMES , so I was honored to be nominated and ok with not winning .
This project was the catalyst for my full-time plunge into building spacecraft . I could write a lot more about my journey with Asterank , but I 've written about it in the past and I do n't want to bore you to tears .
Asterank is open source .
autoreload.js
A tool for frontend developers that automatically refreshes the page when you make changes to files . I made this because pressing F5 sucks . HN did n't like it but about 40 people per week install it via npm , which is fine by me .
Open source here .
I moved to Seattle and figured I had to try a Seattle hackathon . I joined the meetup group and saw that there was a Seattle Open Government hackathon the next week , hosted by Lincoln Labs .
We built a Chrome extension that annotates news sites with important political context , campaign donations , and contact info . You hover over politicians ' names and get that info .
Everyone knows that politicians are bought and sold , but that info is hard to get and it 's not there when you need it most . This is a step toward passive political consciousness .
We won $ 1500 ( 2nd prize ) . It 's also open source , but needs some cleanup . One of my first goals for the new year is to get this in working order so I can promote it and make the world a better place .
Looking forward
My birthday is also at the end of the year , which makes me extra reflective . I do n't know where I am headed in nearly any aspect of life , but these projects give me a way to explore options . Next year I 'd like to focus on my relationships and being healthy . With luck , I 'll figure all that out while still building interesting things .
Follow me @ iwebst or check out 2014 in side projects .
The way India handled the scrapping of its high-value banknotes was `` pretty incompetent , '' Harvard professor Kenneth Rogoff told CNBC 's Worldwide Exchange .
Rogoff , professor of economics and public policy at Harvard University , told CNBC that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's move had been `` pretty paralyzing '' for the emerging market economy .
In early November , Modi announced that India would be scrapping its 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in an effort to clamp down on fraud , replacing them with new 500 and 2,000 rupee notes instead . Indians were effectively given a few hours ' notice that their existing cash would no longer be considered legal tender . The recall period for the old notes ended on December 30 .
Distribution issues followed Modi 's decision , with Rogoff adding that `` worst of all , ( the Indian government ) had n't printed the new cash to replace the old cash . ''
`` I do n't really think that 's an ideal policy for developing economies in general , '' Rogoff said , adding that they advise `` phasing out large bills slowly over five to seven years '' in contrast to Modi 's shorter-term action , in which they `` did that overnight . ''
Rogoff said that India 's move at the end of 2016 could signify the start of national economies shifting away from cash , referencing Australia , which is `` talking about phasing out its 100 dollar bill . ''
`` I 'm for less cash , not cashless , '' they clarified , `` I think we need paper currencies for ever , just not the mountains of it that we have in large denomination notes . ''
Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook .
More From CNBC
Royal Bank of Canada said Monday it has `` high standards '' to ensure none of the foreign corporations it helps set up for its clients are being used to evade taxes in Canada or anywhere else .
The bank is one of thousands named in a massive data dump known as the Panama Papers , which appear to outline how Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca has helped countless international power brokers set up foreign corporations .
The full scale of the data has yet to be revealed . But CBC News can confirm that the documents show Canada 's biggest lender used Mossack Fonseca 's services to set up at least 370 such entities for its clients over the years .
There 's nothing illegal about foreign incorporations , something a bank spokesperson was quick to note in a request for comment from CBC News on Monday .
Allison Christians , associate professor at McGill University and an expert on tax law , discuses the Panama Papers 5:08
`` There are a number of legitimate reasons to set up a holding company , '' Tanis Feasby said . `` If we have reason to believe a client is seeking to commit a criminal [ offence ] by evading taxes , we would report the offence and not do business with the client . ''
`` We have an extensive due diligence process to ensure we understand who the client is and what their intentions are , and will not proceed with a transaction until we do . ''
`` RBC works within the legal and regulatory framework of every country in which we operate , '' Feasby continued . `` Tax evasion is illegal , and we have established controls , policies and procedures in place to detect it and prevent it occurring through RBC . We have high standards , and our internal policies build on the regulatory requirements in each jurisdiction . ''
`` We make sure our clients have the information they need to properly file their taxes and we advise them of their obligation to do so . We also advise them to seek independent professional tax advice . ''
Legitimate uses
There 's nothing illegal about such structures , nor should society want to make them so , says Allison Christians , a law professor and the Stikeman chair in tax law at McGill University in Montreal .
`` We would n't want to have laws like that , '' they said in an interview with CBC 's The Exchange on Monday . `` You want to be able to have international businesses and be a part of the global community . ''
The sheer size of the data dump — at 2.6 terabytes of data , the Panama Papers are exponentially larger than WikiLeaks ' massive release of diplomatic cables in 2010 — is `` striking , '' Christians acknowledges , considering they come from just one law firm . But , they say , they point to `` something that looks like it has global proportions . ''
Christian draws a firm line between tax avoidance and tax evasion , with the former being a valid practice but the latter in need of stamping out . The distinction between the two is admittedly hard to decipher and , as they say , `` if it was easy to solve we would have solved it . ''
It remains to be seen if any of the documents will produce a paper trail to any illicit activity , but `` if that 's the case , there are a lot of parties involved in perpetuating this fraud on the public . ''
Phaedra Parks Return to 'RHOA ' ? Nah , It Made Me Sick ! ! !
Phaedra Parks Has No Desire to Return to 'RHOA ' and Says Show Made Them Physically Sick
EXCLUSIVE
Phaedra Parks is in recovery from the drama-filled life they were leading while shooting `` The Real Housewives of Atlanta '' ... and it does n't sound like there 's any chance she 'll go back .
Phaedra was at LAX when we asked about their post-'RHOA ' life . They were absolutely beaming , and while they do n't rule out a return ... they make a pretty solid case for staying the hell away . Plus , they just signed with Wilhelmina Models .
Phaedra gives props to their old co-stars , and every woman on reality TV -- 'cause as they put it ... real housewifin ' ai n't easy , y'all !
We broke the story ... Phaedra was pissed at 'RHOA ' producers for firing them in May , and said they were getting harassed online because of it . Someone 's definitely moved on , happily .
Hallelujah !
Mercenaries fighting for Moscow 's hybrid military force in the Donbas come from all over Russia . In the declining economy , mercenary salaries are enticing to many . Some Ukrainians from the occupied territory also join , especially as their civilian jobs disappear following the Russian invasion , while a few mercenaries come from abroad driven by adventurism or false ideals . ( Image : video screen capture )
Russia 's military commanders over the “ LNR ” and “ DNR ” regimes are increasingly concerned about the inability of the two to recruit reliable people from the local population , but the view of these officials that local people are little more than “ cannon fodder ” is a major reason why the Russians now face difficulties in recruitment , Dmytro Tymchuk says .
The coordinator of the Information Resistance group says Russian curators are worried not only about recruiting more people but also about the low quality , alcoholism , drug abuse and desertion among those already serving in the “ militias . ”
Efforts by the “ LNR ” and “ DNR ” to institute a draft have failed Tymchuk says . And as a result , “ the Russian curators of the illegal ‘ republics ' have organized so-called contract service , ” a euphemism for those who will agree to fight for the military units of these two “ republics ” for money from Moscow .
But that program too has suffered from “ big problems , ” given that forming militia bands is one thing while forming a real military force is something else and that the kind of skills needed for many types of military units are far beyond the capacity of those who are recruited in this way .
The most reliable source of new military force in the Donbas , Tymchuk continues , consists of “ military personnel of the regular armed forces of the Russian Federation . But here too there are problems . Many have finished their contracts ” and have little or no interest in signing up for dangerous service .
The second most reliable source consists of Russian mercenaries . But this source is increasingly problematic as well . In 2014 , most of these people had had spetsnaz experience , but now the military commanders in the “ LNR ” and “ DNR ” often have to take Russians with no military experience whatsoever , thus limiting the utility of units in which they are included .
Such mercenaries are becoming ever harder to find as well because those who came earlier are known to have faced problems returning to Russia or on their return to Russia . As a result , if the two “ republics ” are to fill their units , they have to rely on local people even if those people are untrained or otherwise limited .
There are two other compelling reasons for this choice . On the one hand , the Russian curators do n't want Russian regular military personnel to be taken prisoner ; and on the other , they want to use high percentages of local people in at least some units to advance the claim that the “ LNR ” and “ DNR ” have popular support .
The commanders have no choice but to use Russian military personnel in high-tech units like communications , but they are quite ready to use local people from the Donbas as “ cannon fodder , ” useful for propaganda and to take losses but good for little else . Because local people are coming to recognize this , ever fewer of them are ready to join up .
Related :
Tags : international , Military analysis , Russia , Russian mercenaries , Russian military , Russian military threat , war in Donbas ( 2014-present ) , War in the Donbas
The Israeli army on Monday razed four homes in the village of Al-Jiftlik , which is situated in the West Bank province of Jericho in the Jordan Valley , according to eyewitnesses .
Israeli bulldozers razed homes located in the eastern part of Al-Jiftlik village , claiming the area was part of a “ military zone ” under Israeli jurisdiction , eyewitnesses told Anadolu Agency , noting that the homes that were razed had housed about 30 people .
The site where the demolitions occurred falls within “ Area C , ” which covers nearly two thirds of the West Bank and remains under full Israeli civil and security control as stipulated by the Oslo II Accord ( signed in 1995 between Israel and the Palestinian Authority ) .
Israel prohibits construction of cement and/or iron structures in the strategic Jordan Valley region , an agriculturally-rich area that runs along the Jordanian border .
As a result , over 10,000 Palestinian inhabitants of the region have been forced to live in makeshift tent-homes or tin shacks .
Israel – which sees the strategic valley as an economic and security buffer zone for Jewish settlements – wants to keep the region under its control in any future deal with the Palestinians .
Palestinians , for their part , want the Jordan Valley as part of the state of Palestine .
Circle back to July 5 and two of the names who led most peoples ' free-agent headlines were power forwards David Clarkson and Nathan Horton , both signed to similar seven-year deals worth around $ 37 million apiece .
They were mega-investments . But in an oddity , neither player has played a game yet -- Horton is still recovering from offseason shoulder surgery , and Clarkson is sitting a 10-game suspension for an ill-advised decision to leave the bench during a preseason brawl .
As the Maple Leafs and Blue Jackets meet up Friday night in Columbus , one of the two players finally gets to join the party : Clarkson has served their suspension and is awfully eager to begin their Maple Leafs career . So eager , well , that they showed up so early for practice Thursday at the team 's facility in suburban Toronto , that they were left waiting outside a locked dressing room . Nobody was in the building yet .
The Leafs ' David Clarkson was suspended 10 games for leaving the bench during a preseason brawl . AP Photo/The Canadian Press , Frank Gunn
`` It was funny , kind of like a kid 's first day of school waiting for the bus , '' Clarkson said , laughing , during a post-practice chat Thursday with ESPN.com .
I relayed to Clarkson that playing on the radio in my car on route to practice that morning was John Fogerty 's `` Centerfield , '' its catchy refrain humming , `` Put me in coach , I 'm ready to play today/Put me in coach , I 'm ready to play today . ''
`` That is how I feel , '' Clarkson smiled in response .
Signed to a seven-year , $ 36.75 million deals ( he left money on the table in Edmonton ) , the former New Jersey Devils winger came home to Toronto to fulfill a dream . Having to sit out the 10 opening games was a nightmare .
`` It 's tough when you go through something like that , '' they said . `` But when the team is finding a way to win , it makes it easier . I 'm just excited to be back , to be just a piece of the puzzle . We 've got a great locker room in here . I 'm really looking forward to what 's ahead . ''
While Clarkson 's demeanor screamed giddiness , across the phone line on the same day was the sound of a cheerful , yet more subdued , Horton . Although he 's on schedule while recovering from surgery , he 's still far from lacing up their skates for their new team , .
`` It 's been a slow process , just like I knew it would be coming in [ that ] it would take a long time , '' the former Boston Bruins winger told ESPN.com . `` Every day I do my rehab . It 's not as quick as I 'd like . But I want to come back 100 percent so I do n't ever have a problem with it ever again . ''
Horton relayed that he 's scheduled for a CT scan in early November , which they hope will reveal that their shoulder if fully healed , and thus green light their next step in recovery .
`` We 're still aiming for December or January [ return ] , somewhere around there , '' Horton said .
In the meantime , Horton has been in the unusual position of trying to integrate themselves with a new team , new coaching staff and new system , while having yet to put on skates .
`` It 's been a little different , '' they said . `` But I 've been doing my rehab at the rink and hanging with the guys a lot . I try to hang out with them as much as possible as try to get to know them . It 's hard , because when you 're on the ice , that 's when you really get to know someone . For me , I do n't get that opportunity right now . But I 'm trying to make the most of my opportunity off the ice . ...
`` I 'm in every meeting , every video session , I try to do as much as I can to learn the system . I 'm getting all my meetings in , '' they said , chuckling . `` It 's been a little tough , but trying to do the best I can with it . ''
Normally , when a player is injured long-term , he 's out of sight and out of mind , most coaches preferring it that way so teammates focus on who 's in the room and not who 's missing . But in this case , the Jackets have done everything they can to keep Horton involved , even bringing them on a road trip , though he 's not close to returning .
`` He 's done a great job integrating themselves with their teammates , '' Jackets general manager Jarko Kekalainen told ESPN.com . `` And even more than that , with the community and the fans , he 's been amazing . He 's had a tremendous attitude . ''
When you 're the GM , watching your prized July acquisition still sitting out is tough , but in Kekalainen 's case , it was part of the deal .
`` We knew the situation going in , '' they said . `` We made a seven-year commitment to him , we 're not worried about two months . ...
`` We 're anxiously looking forward to them playing for us , they address specific needs of ours . ''
You can just imagine the reaction of Leafs GM Dave Nonis in preseason when Clarkson left the bench to defend teammate Phil Kessel , who was jumped by Sabres tough guy John Scott . In a sport where many rules are gray , this one was black and white : automatic 10 games . Not only did it deprive Nonis of their top summer signing , but it forced the Leafs into the kind of early-season , salary-cap mathematical gymnastics that you 'd rather not have to face .
Not only did the Leafs survive the whole thing , they won seven of 10 games without Clarkson in the lineup , even if those games were n't exactly pieces of art .
`` I do n't think we 'll critique the seven wins as being highlights of Maple Leaf history , but they 're seven wins nonetheless , '' Nonis told ESPN.com . `` Give the guys credit , they were scratching and clawing to find ways to win , not just with David out but with others as well . Pocketing those points has been beneficial ; we 're going to need them as we move along . ''
Starting Friday night , Nonis finally gets to see their prized free agent in action . And the Leafs GM believes everything was done to keep them as fully integrated as possible during their 10-game benching .
`` He 's been around every part of the team . Sometimes when a player is injured , he 's not around the team as much . That 's not the case here with David . He 's been around in meetings and with video sessions , they know what we 're doing , '' Nonis said .
`` The preparation with what the coaching staff expects , I think that will be 100 percent ; what will be off a little bit would be their timing , probably , and maybe some chemistry with their linemates , which usually takes a bit of time . So we ca n't expect too much from them coming back into the lineup . I know they expect a lot from themselves but I think it 's going to take a little while to get up to speed . ''
Clarkson , who is set to officially open their Maple Leafs career on a line with Mason Raymond and Dave Bolland , could not ignore the irony of the timing in their return , what with John Scott called on the carpet by the NHL .
`` I have to admit when I saw that , it did cross my mind , '' said Clarkson .
Scott is in trouble for a headshot to Boston 's Loui Eriksson . The Sabres enforcer did n't face any discipline in preseason for their actions that produced a suspension to Kessel ( who two-handed Scott in defense ) , a fine to Sabres head coach Ron Rolston and , of course , the 10-gamer to Clarkson for jumping off the bench .
`` People say , 'Would you do it again ? ' I say , 'It depends on the situation , ' '' Clarkson said . `` I 'm not here to be a sideshow or to do those things . But I 've played my whole career with my heart and I 'm not going to stop no matter where I go . I 've served my time and now I 'm ready to get back in the lineup and be part of something . ''
Former president Bill Clinton again belittled the “ coal people ” who oppose Hillary Clinton for president — even though , they say , they voted for them in the 1990s .
“ We all know how their opponent 's done real well down in West Virginia and eastern Kentucky , ” Clinton said during a rally in Pennsylvania . “ Because the coal people do n't like any of us anymore . ”
Clinton said that many of the same people voted for them in the 1990s , which helped propel them to victory over Republicans George H.W . Bush and Bob Dole .
“ I won twice and they did well , ” Clinton said , referring to economic stability during their administration .
Clinton said that coal workers blamed President Obama for their economic misfortunes .
“ They blame the president when the sun does n't come up in the morning now , ” Clinton said .
Clinton also criticized coal workers during a rally in Tampa earlier this week , pointing out that they were wearing Trump shirts and “ screaming ” at them when they visited the state .
They accused them of believing that global warming was a “ Chinese hoax , ” much like Donald Trump .
They argued that coal workers should realize that the industry was dying and that it was time to focus on solar panels and windmills .
“ Coal employment peaked in 1920 , coal production peaked in 1950 , ” they said , adding , “ Climate change is real and we 're going to have to change our energy source . ”
What 's My Risk Of Catching Ebola ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Adam Cole and Ryan Kellman/NPR Adam Cole and Ryan Kellman/NPR
Health officials are saying it . Scientists are saying it . Heck , even many journalists are saying it : `` The risk of Ebola infection remains vanishingly small in this country , '' The New York Times wrote Wednesday .
But what does that mean ? Are you more likely to be struck by lightning or catch Ebola ?
It all depends on what you do for a living and where you travel . For instance , three of us from NPR are spending 10 days in Monrovia , Liberia , to report on the outbreak . What 's our chance of catching the virus ?
So far in the U.S. , we 've had too little data to calculate a real risk . But we can do some back-of-the-napkin math to give some perspective .
Up until now , two people have caught Ebola in the U.S . Both were nurses in Dallas , who cared for Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian man who was diagnosed with the virus .
Updated on Oct. 24 at 4:13 a.m . ET . Second Imported Case :
A doctor in New York City tested positive for Ebola Thursday . The Doctors Without Borders staff member — who has been identified as Dr. Craig Spencer — was treating patients in Guinea when they caught the virus . This is the fourth case reported in the U.S. and the second imported case . ( Note : An earlier update said the doctor was the fifth case of Ebola in the U.S . )
Our Original Post Continues :
Ebola is spread through contact with sick people 's fluids . So , clearly , nurses and doctors who treat patients have a higher risk than others .
But let 's pretend for a minute that the probability of getting Ebola in the U.S. is the same across the whole population ( aka , the risk is evenly distributed ) .
The U.S. encounter with Ebola is unlikely to stop in Dallas . Computational biologists predict air traffic will bring more sick people to the States as the epidemic continues in West Africa .
No one knows exactly how many cases this will be . But one team at Northeastern University finds there 's about a 70 percent chance we 'll get another imported case by the end of this month . Let 's say that trend continues , and we get 12 more cases imported over the next year .
On average , each of these sick people will spread the virus to two more people ( that 's what has happened in West Africa ) . Then about 24 people in the U.S. will have caught Ebola .
By comparison , 33 people in the U.S. are struck and killed by lightning each year . So the chance of catching Ebola — even with 12 more imported cases like Duncan — is on par with the odds of getting killed by a lightning bolt ( 1 out of every 9.6 million people ) .
So we can all breathe a sigh of relief .
But what about us journalists covering the epidemic in Liberia ? Or people who call Monrovia their home ?
Here we can calculate a risk based on actual data . More than 2,000 people have caught the virus in Monrovia since the epidemic began .
Right now , Monrovia is reporting about 200 Ebola cases each week . The city has a population of about 1 million people . So that means 1 out of every 5,000 people gets infected with Ebola each week . That puts the risk of getting Ebola each week in Monrovia right about on par with the risk of dying during childbirth in the U.S. ( 1 out of 5,500 births ) or about two times the risk of dying in a traffic accident each year ( 1 in 9,100 people ) .
Of course , the longer you stay in Monrovia , the more your risk goes up because you are continually in situations where you might be exposed to the virus .
For instance , a full year in Monrovia raises your chance of getting Ebola to around 1 percent — assuming the epidemic does n't grow any faster than it is now .
I told my husband all these stats to help ease their worry . They have been very concerned about my 10-day trip to Liberia . Their response ? `` That 's fine , Michaeleen . I understand the risk . But there 's just one number I ca n't get out of my head : the 70 percent fatality rate . ''
ON DECEMBER 7 , 1948 , an unusual aviation drama began to unfold . A U.S. Air Force C-47 transport on a routine flight across Greenland got caught in a whiteout and ended up flying into the snow-covered terrain . The pilot sustained head injuries , but all seven men on board survived .
The aircraft went down in southern Greenland , about 125 miles north of its destination , the Air Force base Bluie West One ( BW-1 ) . Three days later , an Air Force B-17 attempted a rescue of the downed airmen . But the bomber landed in soft snow and began sinking . Now another aircraft and two more airmen were stranded on the ice cap .
Eventually , a total of 12 airmen ended up in Greenland without an aircraft to get them out . The Air Force turned to the world 's premier arctic rescue organization , the 10th Air Rescue Squadron . The 10th was commanded by the legendary Bernt Balchen , the first airman to fly over both of Earth 's poles and the era 's greatest contributor to arctic search and rescue . My uncle , Murl Chamberlain , a glider pilot with the 10th , was called on to help with the crisis .
When it was over , Murl wrote a longhand account of it that I eventually inherited , along with photographs of the aircraft and people who had been stranded . This article is based in large part on their memoir .
In the 1940s , militaries were starting to use gliders for rescues . Gliders , such as those made by Waco , had been used in World War II for troop insertion and removal . Because they had no engines , they were essentially empty containers that could be filled with people needing to be transported , then picked up via a tow rope by a powered aircraft and hauled up and out . Germans used gliders in 1943 to remove troops from the Kuban peninsula in Russia , and in 1945 , Allied gliders evacuated wounded troops from Remagen , Germany . Equipped with either wheels or skis , gliders could be adapted to a wide range of terrain .
My uncle Murl flew the CG-15A , an improved version of the CG-4 troop-carrier gliders made famous in the Normandy D-Day invasion and Operation Market Garden in Holland . The CG-15A could carry 15 soldiers or a light vehicle .
At the time of the Greenland crash , Murl and a few other airmen were at Warner Robins Air Force Base in Georgia , preparing to ferry a glider and its related equipment to Ladd Air Force Base in Fairbanks , Alaska . While they were on the runway , waiting for takeoff clearance , the group received a call from the Pentagon : “ We were being diverted to Greenland in order to rescue a downed C-47 on the Greenland Ice Cap , ” Murl writes . “ [ I ] n a matter of minutes we were rolling down the runway heading for Westover AFB , Mass .
“ Naturally , being a Lieutenant and having the shortest date of rank , I had the honor of flying the glider . I wanted to fly the C-54 [ towplane ] like the rest of the pilots , but in order to get flying time , the glider was my best bet . ”
In the meantime , Air Force aircraft flew over the site , parachuting supplies and portable stoves to the stranded men .
On the first leg of the flight , recounts Murl , “ I was the only pilot in the glider… . I had a companion though but they had had no experience in gliders or any type of flying… . All I can remember about them was that they had two stripes on their sleeve and they were very polite . They appeared to be enjoying the ride.… ”
Women in Muay Thai – A Limitless Escape
Limits , not only are they placed on you by your own thoughts , but by our society . Cultural limitations are implanted in your subconscious mind throughout your entire life , making it something difficult to become aware of . This happens to women frequently , and although our society has come a long way in terms of women 's rights and awareness , there are still subtle occurrences that pervade our culture and influence our actions .
Women are taught to be meek , and avoid conflict . Men are taught to fight for what they want , and to be aggressive . You can see some of this even in children 's toys , where young girls are expected to play with kitchen sets while young boys are given toy guns . It is a subtle thing , but it influences our development more than we realize .
I have met a lot of women in Muay Thai classes that express these concerns , and even say that these societal limits are the reason for why they wanted to join a Muay Thai gym in the first place . They want to learn to stick up for themselves , and to defend themselves . They want to walk with confidence .
“ It 's time to challenge the perfect image expected of us by society . ”
This is something that Muay Thai can provide for us , but there are three things that I believe must be addressed when you are a woman who is interested in learning a combat sport . If you follow these three principals , you will find safe , effective training , and a successful outlet created for us to challenge society 's limits and status quo .
Do n't Compromise or Fear Conflict .
One of my favorite phrases is “ baptism by fire ” . Basically it means that you are never going to get anything done unless you are willing to jump in and take a risk . The same applies to Muay Thai . Women are cultivated to be compromising , and to work around problems without causing conflict .
This kind of method might work in certain situations , but in Muay Thai you need to be aggressive . I do n't just mean aggressive when you are fighting , I mean aggressive when it comes to learning and exploring training . Realize that you are going to be uncomfortable , but the only way you are going to improve is through practice and keeping an open mind .
Photo from Warrior 's Cup Championship of Nicole Richiusa : “ It was my third fight but I still felt the nerves . I feel that you do n't really know what you are really getting into at that point . AL I know is that the feeling after that win was worth every stressful thought . ”
Effective Communication
You must communicate effectively with your training partners and coaches . If you are feeling left out , let them know . If you feel like your partners are treating you unfairly , or going too easy on you , let them know . Do n't just assume everyone is out to get you or to put you down . Sometimes these kinds of interactions are something that people do without thinking .
Society has drilled it into men 's heads that they should never hit a woman , but that completely goes out the window when you are training in a combat sport together . So use your voice and talk to people , let them know the way you are feeling and what you need to help you improve .
Know That You Might Get hurt , and That 's Okay .
You are going to be participating in a combat sport and injuries are a possibility . Too often women fear the risk of failing or getting hurt , and it holds them back from trying something different . It is no way to live a fulfilled life . In order to truly live you have to take risks .
On the other hand , you should n't always be getting hurt . If you are training in a gym that takes things too far too often , or to the point where you are spending more time injured than training , then it is time to seek out another place to train . A good gym will give you a balance of intensity and control so that you can improving within the sport .
Photo by Steve Bauzen , Yoka Dekeersschieter : “ During the 2016 WKA nationals my nose got cracked by a spinning elbow . I just kept on smiling because I did n't want the doctor to stop the fight . ”
Concluding Thoughts
If you are interested in taking up a combat sport in Muay Thai , remember these ways of thinking . Do n't be afraid to break down the limits that society has imposed upon you . Be aware of your training , make sure it is safe and effective for you . If you do this , the confidence you feel in Muay Thai will transfer into your daily life . You will learn to stick up for yourself , and how to keep your cool in stressful situations . You will find that sometimes your best friends are those who you punch in the face .
Featured Cover Photo by Yokkao of Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu , 8Limbs.us
Rachel Saurman , a fighter from Ohio , found their love in Muay Thai because of its intensity and focus on technical movement . What they did n't plan for is the way it changed their lives around . Rachel plans to help others realize their true potential by continuing to battle the voice in your head .
Paul Banasiak is a Muay Thai fighter/addict , 9 x champion , trainer , and fitness professional currently living , training , and fighting in Thailand . After leaving medical school without looking back , they decided to fully follow their passion of helping others become the best version of themselves , creating MuayThaiAthlete.com . A website for those who are already passionate individuals that want to take their life , mindset & training to the next level .
Today we begin forging our bodies and
strengthening our limitless minds .
Interested in even more ? Follow us on :
Facebook . Youtube . Instagram . Twitter .
Snapchat @ MuayThaiAthlete
iTunes Podcast with Sean Fagan ( The Muay Thai Guys )
Stitcher Podcast with Sean Fagan ( The Muay Thai Guys )
* Leave a 5-star Review to be Featured !
Cmdr . Michael P. Ward II , a married 43-year-old , sent their mistress in Virginia an email in July posing as a fictitious co-worker named Bob and saying that Ward had died unexpectedly .
`` The reason I did it was to sever the relationship , '' they said , `` but the choice was ridiculous . ''
Ward was relieved of their duties aboard the USS Pittsburgh in August , a week after he 'd taken command , and has received a letter of reprimand for adultery and other military violations .
Ward acknowledged that they had had an affair and sent the email to their lover in an effort to end the affair . In the hearing , the officer said they accepted `` full and total accountability '' for their behaviour .
They also apologised to the Navy and the sailors who served under him .
`` Commander Ward 's actions show a complete lack of honesty , character and integrity , '' said Navy Lt. Griffin Farris , acting as prosecutor .
Ward said they accepted full responsibility for their actions and would regret them all their life .
`` I want to apologise directly to my wife for the hurt and harm and humiliation I have caused her , '' they said as they sat in the front row , their eyes red .
A fellow Navy officer who had gone through training with Ward , Anthony Moore , testified that they heard about the affair when news of it first surfaced – including the detail that Ward had used the name `` Tony Moore '' in an online dating profile that they used to meet the woman .
`` I was very surprised , '' said Mr Moore , who 's based on a submarine squadron in Washington state . `` And frankly , I was a little concerned for my reputation . ''
EA Sports
It 's time , once again , for Madden . At this point in its 25+ years of history , EA 's football simulator has probably been played by everyone who has even a basic interest of the digital gridiron . So is Madden 17 worth picking up ?
Artistic Achievement
We 're a few years into the next-gen console cycle so that impressive leap of graphical fidelity we saw at the hardware changeover is n't as obvious , but the little touches , like uniform cloth , animations and the field itself look better than ever . The game looks damn good , and it plays smooth . Sweat glistens , helmets get scuffed , and everything meets expectations .
Innovation
As we discussed with the devs earlier this year , Franchise Mode is what got the most love off the field . However , despite the new influx of decisions to make with your practice squad and injured players , it 's mostly the same , if not worse than previous years . Madden 17 doubles down on the new interface which is supposedly “ simplified ” but seems far more difficult to navigate than the old “ spreadsheet. ” They have simplified and filtered down the information given to players , that 's a true statement , but what 's also true is the fact that I have to dig through menus and know where and how to look for a stat if I want to draft/sign/scout a player , thus it 's more complicated ( to me ) . All in all , it feels like an inch forward , an inch back in the much-hyped changes/additions to Franchise Mode .
Giving owners/coaches in Franchise Mode the choice to bring an injured player back a week early certainly adds drama to the story being developed around your team . I personally drafted oft-injured Le'Veon Bell and Rob Gronkowski , who of course got injured during the season . I made the call to bring them back early and we made it to the playoffs due to their heroics . It was definitely cool .
EA Sports
Play The Moment , which is an enhanced version of SuperSim in which the CPU determines when you should play ( on 3rd downs , clutch drives etc ) is a breath of fresh air . At first , I wanted to only SuperSim when I felt it was necessary but getting through Franchise games faster actually led to me playing more games instead of outright simming them . It 's a great addition to the game , and one that I ca n't ever imagine not having going forward .
The big gameplay change is based on the improved running game . Running and blocking is the best it has ever been . It 's chaotic on the line , and players are flying all over the place . Momentum makes more of a difference than ever and defenders desperate to make the tackle sometimes overcompensate ( realistically ) . It 's a delight .
EA also touted the new tech behind the announcers . But after at least 15 hours of play , I ca n't seem to tell what 's different beyond the meta commentary when you skip the halftime show ( which is funny ) .
Oh , and kicking is done really well . Everything is more accurate and you have far more control of your special teams .
EA Sports
Execution
Ipswich Jets players celebrate after their Intrust Super Cup victory at Suncorp Stadium on Sunday .
Ipswich Jets players celebrate after their Intrust Super Cup victory at Suncorp Stadium on Sunday . Inga Williams
THE Ipswich Jets have beaten Townsville Blackhawks 32-20 in the grand final of the Intrust Super Cup at Suncorp Stadium on Sunday .
Second half tries by captain Keiron Lander , Nemani Valekapa and Matt Parcell helped Ipswich secure their first victory in the competition .
The foundation for the triumph was laid in the first half when tries by Dane Phillips , Marmin Barba and Carlin Anderson gave the Jets a 16-8 lead at the break .
Townsville fought back in the second half and a Robert Lui try closed the gap to just six points with eight minutes left on the clock .
Ipswich however were n't to be denied and Parcell crossed the line on the hooter to hand the Jets a deserved victory .
A rumor making the rounds online today claims that Samsung is interested in a potential acquisition of semiconductor company AMD . Samsung is in the business of making processors as well . The acquisition of AMD should boost Samsung 's semiconductor business and allow it to take the fight to companies like Intel and Qualcomm . This move will put AMD 's CPU and GPU intellectual property in Samsung 's hands . AMD already makes processors for computers and other devices . Acquiring AMD would allow Samsung to expand its semiconductor business into avenues that it has not served before .
AMD would stand to benefit for such a deal as well . It will have access to Samsung 's infinitely larger pockets when it needs funds for research and development . If Samsung 's spending habits are any indication the company does n't shy away from putting money towards R & D . Thus AMD will be able to push its technology even further . Samsung would obviously benefit from it as it will have dibs on AMD chips and will also be able to sell them to OEMs .
I should point out here that this is pure speculation . No official statement has come in yet from AMD and Samsung . The companies have n't even denounced the rumor so take it with a grain of salt for now .
Via
`` Unclaimed '' premieres April 30 in Canada . Movie Unclaimed The new documentary `` Unclaimed '' purports to introduce the world to former Army Sergeant John Robertson , lost over in Vietnam in 1968 and left behind for over four decades .
The Toronto Star reports Edmonton filmmaker Michael Jorgenson found Robertson , 76 , living in a rural Vietnam village stooped with age , unable to speak English , remember their birthday or names of the children they left behind in the U.S .
It 's a story difficult to believe considering the U.S. military places such a priority on bringing every service member home , whenever possible .
Jorgenson told The Star they were also skeptical when Vietnam vet Tom Faunce came to them and explained a man he 'd found in Vietnam was a former `` Army brother '' listed as killed in action and forgotten . They say they became convinced only after going to Vietnam and meeting Robertson himself .
What they found was revealed to filmgoers in an invitation-only screening of `` Unclaimed '' at a Toronto theater earlier this month .
From The Star :
Stade Pierre Mauroy , Lille , will host the Final Round of EuroBasket 2015
Croatia , France , Germany and Latvia were awarded the right to be the hosts of next year 's EuroBasket 2015 , while France were also assigned the Final Phase .
The Board of FIBA Europe voted for the four hosts during an extraordinary meeting on Monday in Madrid , Spain .
The Group Phase will be organised in Zagreb ( Croatia ) , Montpellier ( France ) , Berlin ( Germany ) and Riga ( Latvia ) .
The Final Phase will be played in the multifunctional Lille Arena , which will have a 27,000 capacity for the purposes of EuroBasket .
`` This is an important moment in the history of European basketball , as we have voted not only for the hosts of next year 's event but also on pioneering a new concept , with four hosts , '' commented FIBA Europe President Turgay Demirel .
They continued by saying that , `` All bids were of the highest quality and it was not easy to choose between them . I would like to thank all bidders for their commitment and their excellent preparation work , coming up to the vote . ''
In mid-June the newly elected Board of FIBA Europe decided to relocate EuroBasket 2015 from Ukraine because of the unstable situation in the country and invited bids by its member federations to host the event instead .
16 federations expressed an initial interest to host and eight of them bid officially - Croatia , Finland , France , Germany , Israel , Latvia , Poland and Turkey . These eight applications were the biggest number of applications for a EuroBasket event , since FIBA Europe became a FIBA zone in 2002 .
Croatia , France and Turkey bid to organise one of the four Group Phase groups and the Final Phase knock-out round . Additionally Turkey bid to organise the Final Phase round only .
All other countries bid to organise only one of the four Group Phase groups .
Prior to the Board meeting Turkey withdrew their candidature from hosting any part of the tournament while Poland and Croatia withdrew their candidature to host the Final Phase of the tournament leaving France as the only candidate to host the Final Phase .
EuroBasket 2015 will be played between 5-20 September , next year .
Image caption 10 ticket machines have been blown open using sealing tape and flammable gas
Police in Germany are urging train passengers to be wary of ticket machines that they say could explode after being tampered with by thieves .
Criminals in the central state of Hesse have discovered a way of breaking into the machines by filling them with flammable gas , taping over openings and triggering an explosion .
But some of their attempts have failed , leaving gas inside the machines .
The authorities warn that passengers could be at risk .
A police spokesperson said 10 ticket machines had been blown open and cash and blank tickets stolen . But the attempts at robbery have failed in at least six cases .
On Tuesday , a station platform in Karben , near Frankfurt , had to be evacuated and bomb experts called in when a taped-up ticket dispenser was discovered , along with a smell of gas .
The police are asking passengers to be careful and to call them if they see any suspicious signs .
Train operator Deutsche Bahn has confirmed the incidents and strengthened security measures . In a statement , it said a criminal group appeared to be operating .
They said the perpetrators had only succeeded in stealing small sums because the machines were emptied frequently .
First conceived as a technological aid to astronomers by Napier , the logarithmic tables were a kind of printable analog computer . The logarithms are now 400 years old , and this is a good time to ponder about their role in the history of science .
It was not until 1614 that Napier 's first work on this subject , Mirifia logarithmorum canonis descriptio ( known as the Descriptio ) , was published . In addition to tables of logarithms the Descriptio also contains an account of the nature of logarithms and a number of examples explaining their use . The East India Company was so impressed by Napier 's Descriptio that it asked Edward Wright , a Cambridge mathematician and expert in navigation , to translate it into English for the benefit of the Company 's seafarers . From the very beginning of logarithms their utility to navigators has been of supreme importance in their development . ( Graham Jagger , The Making of Logarithmic Tables )
The early tables by Napier , Briggs and others depended heavily on the book and printing press as a mechanical technology , and this device would later be fashioned into slide rules .
While the tables certainly made calculation simpler , their own construction - to begin with , was extremely difficult .
Laying Down The Tables
The conceptual idea behind the tables was , for any calculation - replace the process of multiplication by addition , which was much simpler for a human being . This is possible because , recall the law of logarithms : log ( a * b ) = log ( a ) + log ( b ) . You just compute the sum on the right and look up the tables to arrive at the value for a * b .
Graham Jagger notes in the same essay , “ Realising that astronomical and navigational calculations involved primarily trigonometrical functions , especially sines , Napier set out to construct a table by which multiplication of these sines could be replaced by addition : the tables in the Descriptio are of logarithms of sines . They consist of seven columns , and are semi-quadrantally arranged . ”
Because the early tables were far from perfect , subsequent innovators such as Henry Briggs heavily modified the architecture and design ( or shall we say “ user interface ” ? ) , and even theory - to simplify them further . Thus it was that a large body of new mathematics flowed simply from the problems involved in the very act of making logarithmic tables .
How would the constructor of tables ensures that they contain no errors ? Not unlike computer programmers , would they have to devise their own techniques of debugging and error-correction ?
Here is an example of the painstaking calculations involved in the process :
To find the logarithm of 2 , Briggs raised it to the tenth power , viz.1024 , and extracted the square root of 1.024 forty-seven times , the result being 1.00000 00000 00000 16851 60570 53949 77 . Multiplying the significant figures by 4342 … they obtained the logarithm of this quantity , viz . 0.00000 00000 00000 07318 55936 90623 9336 , which multiplied by 2^47 gave 0.01029 99566 39811 95265 277444 , the logarithm of 1.024 , true to 17 or 18 places . Adding the characteristic 3 , and dividing by 10 , they found ( since 2 is the tenth root of 1024 ) log 2 = .30102 99956 63981 195 . Briggs calculated in a similar manner log 6 , and thence deduced log 3 . ( Encyclopaedia Brittanica , 2013 )
A Fountain Of Discovery
What if a certain number was absent from the table and the averages of two values had to be taken ? This becomes especially troublesome in the case of trigonometry , as this remark about William Oughtred 's 1657 tables will reveal :
Following the tables there is an appendix of some ten pages which gives rules of interpolation in the trigonometrical tables for angles where linear interpolation is inappropriate ; that is , near 0° for the logarithm of sines and tangents , and near 90° for the logarithm of tangents . In these regions the rates of change of the tabulated functions are large and highly non-linear .
The design of logarithmic tables , hence directly propelled - some major advances such as the Lagrange three-point interpolation formula . H.H . Goldstine describes this eloquently :
…the ideas of Napier and Briggs spread rapidly across Europe , and we shall see Kepler calculating their own tables as soon as they heard of Napier 's idea . From this point onwards the theory of finite differences was to be further developed with great artistry by such men as Newton , Euler , Gauss , Laplace , and Lagrange , among others . In fact we shall see that virtually all the great mathematicians of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries had a hand in the subject .
Another fascinating aspect is Napier 's original description of logarithms in terms of the relative motion of points along a line , ( as opposed to any kind of exponents or roots ) :
For Napier , a logarithmic table is “ a small table by the use of which we can obtain a knowledge of all geometrical dimensions and motions in space… '' Rafael Villarreal-Calderon interprets this as saying : `` In a calculus sense , Napier 's logarithms could be seen as measures of “ instantaneous ” velocities . ''
This suggests that John Napier may have imagined their humble logarithms as something far more colossal that would bloom much later in the great minds of Newton and Leibniz : the calculus .
References :
These ideas are part of an ongoing workshop which is detailed here . If you like this essay , you might want to join the Zetatrek expedition by registering in that workshop . Or you could just drop us some bitcoin love : 1PmjQT7uwSRtGNtkMrNvaa8pJSAmipLWva
Online dating ? Swipe left
‘ It is crazy to believe someone 's eye colour , height , hobbies and musical tastes are a basis for a lasting relationship '
Online dating promised so much . “ This is one of the biggest problems that humans face and one of the first times in human history there was some innovation , ” says Michael Norton , a psychologist at Harvard Business School .
Finding the right partner , whether for life or for Saturday night , is so important to so many people that you would think we might have cracked it by now . By assembling a vast array of date-worthy people in a searchable format , online dating seems like it should be a huge improvement on the old-fashioned methods of meeting people at work , through friends , or in bars and nightclubs . But it 's not clear that the innovation of online dating is helping very much .
A simple survey that Norton conducted with two other behavioural scientists , Jeana Frost and Dan Ariely , revealed that people were unhappy with their online dating experience in three obvious ways . The first was that the “ online ” bit of the dating was about as much fun as booking a dentist 's appointment . The second was that it took for ever — the typical survey respondent spent 12 hours a week browsing through profiles and sending and receiving messages , yielding less than two hours of offline interaction . Now , 106 minutes are plenty for certain kinds of offline interaction but , however people were spending their time together , they did n't seem satisfied . This was the third problem : people tended to have high expectations before the dates they had arranged online but felt disenchanted afterwards . To adapt a Woody Allen joke : not only are the dates terrible but there are so few of them .
Given that online dating tends to be tedious , time-consuming and fruitless , it is no surprise that we seem hungry for a better way . Most approaches to online dating have tried to exploit one of the two obvious advantages of computers : speed and data-processing power . Apps such as Grindr and Tinder allow people to skim quickly through profiles based on some very simple criteria . ( Are they hot ? Are they available right now ? ) That is , of course , fine for a one-night stand but less promising for a more committed relationship .
The alternative , embraced by more traditional matchmaking sites such as Match.com and OkCupid , is to use the power of data to find the perfect partner . We badly want to believe that after giving a website a list of our preferences , hobbies and answers to questions such as , “ Do you prefer the people in your life to be simple or complex ? ” , a clever algorithm will produce a pleasing result .
Because these pleasing results seem elusive , wishful thinking has gone into overdrive . We hold out hope that if only we could be cleverer , the algorithms would deliver the desired effect . For example , Amy Webb 's TED talk “ How I Hacked Online Dating ” has been watched more than four million times since it was posted in 2013 .
In a similar vein , Wired magazine introduced us to Chris McKinlay , “ the math genius who hacked OkCupid ” and managed to meet the woman of their dreams after cleverly reverse-engineering the website 's algorithms . The brilliance of McKinlay 's achievement is somewhat diminished by the revelation that they had to work their way through unsuccessful dates with 87 women before their “ genius ” paid dividends .
This should hardly be a surprise . Imagine looking at the anonymised dating profiles of 10 close friends and comparing them with the profiles of 10 mere acquaintances . Using the profile descriptions alone , could you pick out the people you really like ? The answer , says Dan Ariely , is no . “ It 's terrible . It 's basically random . ”
It is crazy to believe that someone 's eye colour and height , or even hobbies and musical tastes , are a basis for a lasting relationship . But that is the belief that algorithmic matching encourages . Online dating is built on a Google-esque trawl through a database because that 's the obvious and easy way to make it work .
Is there a better way ? Perhaps . Jeana Frost 's PhD research explored an alternative approach to online dating . Why not , they asked , make online dating a bit less like searching and a bit more like an actual date ? They created a virtual image gallery in which people had a virtual date , represented by simple geometric avatars with speech bubbles . The images — from Lisa and Jessica Simpson to George Bush and John Kerry — were conversation starters . People enjoyed these virtual dates and , when they later met in person , the virtual date seems to have worked well as an icebreaker .
Virtual dating has not taken off commercially , says Norton , in part because companies have tried too hard to make it realistic , and have fallen into the “ uncanny valley ” of the not-quite-human . I suspect , but can not prove , that virtual spaces such as World of Warcraft are perfectly good places to meet a soulmate , assuming your soulmate happens to like orc-bashing . Perhaps mainstream virtual dating is just waiting for the right design to emerge .
Or perhaps the problem is deeper : online dating services prosper if they keep us coming back for more . Setting someone up with a romantic partner for life is no way to win a repeat customer .
Written for and first published at ft.com .
NEW EPISODE : EARTH 3
EARTH 3 is DCUO 's next episode , launching November 15th , 2017 ! This episode will introduce the Crime Syndicate - Earth 3 's evil version of the Justice League - and reunite the full cast of our Justice League for a set of epic new adventures set on our Earth and on theirs .
Before we talk about the episode 's story and content itself , we want to take a moment to talk about its development and structure . With this episode , we are taking the fundamentals you 've seen in episodes past and raising the bar . Put simply ? Episode 30 is both an episode AND a major event . Keep reading for all the details !
TL ; DR
Earth 3 is set on an alternate universe 's version of Earth where good is evil and evil is good , and features the Crime Syndicate , including Ultraman , Owlman , Superwoman , and more .
Earth 3 's content structure combines the best qualities of episodes ( permanent and challenging content for end-game players ) with the best qualities of events ( level-agnostic and limited-time access for all players ) .
Earth 3 's rewards combine the best qualities of episodes ( permanent end-game progression ) with the best qualities of events ( limited time , level-agnostic progression ) .
Earth 3 launches for all players on November 15 , 2017 .
EARTH 3 : STRUCTURE
Hello DCUO ! Episode 30 : Earth 3 is a very special episode for the team here . NerdOfPrey will get to the story and content of the episode in a moment , but first we need to talk about what 's changed overall in this episode 's structure and development process .
We 're raising the bar for episodes here with a better , targeted approach to creating content . We have enormous diversity in our player base - players of all types with all sorts of expectations - and in Episode 30 , we wanted to have more freedom to design content specifically for more of these different kinds of players .
What does that mean ? Earth 3 will have three different types or versions of content . You 're used to seeing two versions - normal and elite . Additionally , this episode will also have an easier , stat-clamped version of all instances . The stat-clamped versions - essentially a Starro-sized major event - will launch alongside and in addition to the full episode , for all players over level 10 , and will remain until Episode 31 launches next year .
To recap , we 'll have :
Event Content ( Easier , stat-clamped content that is accessible and available to all players level 10+ )
End-Game Content ( Regularly challenging content that is available to players CR 207+ )
Elite Content ( Highly challenging content that is intended for elite players CR 207+ )
For example , here 's what that looks like for Earth 3 :
Open World Version A : Event Content ( Stat Clamped and For Everyone )
Duo & Alert Version A : Event Content ( Stat Clamped and For Everyone ) Version B : End-Game Content ( For Players CR 207+ )
Raids Version A : Event Content ( Stat Clamped and For Everyone ) Version B : End-Game Content ( For Players CR 207+ ) Version C : Elite Content ( For Elite Players CR 207+ )
By creating three versions of content instead of two , we are able to focus more specifically on the experience our different groups of players desire . The stat-clamped content is highly accessible ( and of course open to players of any level ) , so it is a light , easy-going experience . The regular end-game version is more challenging , but still accessible to the majority of players .
Because we have these two easier options , this really freed us to ratchet up the difficulty in the elite version , where we have refocused our efforts on creating challenge through skill-based mechanics that have clear messaging , involve the whole group , and are absolutely devastating when failed . Elite players will be required to perform at the peak of possibility and work together to find victory . The team has really embraced this freedom and enjoyed designing to this new challenge , so we ca n't wait to see you tackle it head on .
EARTH 3 : REWARDS
Earth 3 has different versions of content at different levels of challenge , designed for different segments of the community . So , it only follows that the different versions of content will reward players differently to match . We want every player to find meaningful rewards in the version of content that they decide is right for them .
First , a few basics to get out of the way :
Each version of the content will share loot locks . This means you can choose which version interests you , but that you are not `` forced '' to run every version to maximize your rewards . The concept of elite progress points has been discontinued . You 're welcome .
Okay , with that out of the way , here is the overall rewards plan for the different types of content :
Event Content Rewards ( Stat Clamped/For Everyone ) Rewards the standard amount of Ultrabucks Open-world rewards OP item collections , but instances do not ( feat required ) Has scaling gear drops that scale up to the entry level of Episode 30 Has feats Has an event gear set on the episode vendor that : Automatically scales to your level , up to the entry level of Episode 30 Has a new style ( Johnny Quick ! ) Has a style feat Is the cheapest suit When this suit has been completed , subsequent gear purchases of this suit are cheaper
End-Game Content Rewards ( For Players CR207+ ) Rewards the standard amount of Ultrabucks Can drop OP item collections ( feat required ) Has standard scaling gear drops Has more feats Has an end-game gear set on the episode vendor that : Is the best gear on vendor Has a new style ( Owlman ! ) Has a style feat Is the standard priced suit When this suit has been completed , subsequent gear purchases of this suit AND the event suit are cheaper
Elite Content Rewards ( For Elite Players CR207+ ) Rewards more Ultrabucks currency + elite renown Increased chance to drop OP item collections ( feat required ) Has standard scaling gear drops Has even more feats and a special headline Has an elite gear set on the episode vendor that : Requires renown Is actually the best gear on vendor ( +2 item levels from end-game gear ) Has an enhanced style of the end-game suit ( Enhanced Owlman ! ) Has a style feat and title Is the most expensive suit When this suit has been completed , subsequent gear purchases of this suit AND the end-game suit AND the event suit are cheaper
Member & Owner Rewards - BUT WAIT , THERE 'S MORE ! In EVERY piece of content , the last boss will reward a special box just for members and purchasers of the episode . The box can contain : Enhanced versions of the event gear style ( Enhanced Johnny Quick ! ) Bonus OP collection items Unique base items
We expect the player ( or alt ) who is not yet at end-game to enjoy the easy event content , the end-game player to enjoy the accessible end-game content as usual , and the elite player to rise to the challenge of the elite raids to get that improved elite gear , all while the increasing currency rewards and extended vendor discounts keep everything within reach .
That 's a wrap on what is changing in the structure and rewards for this episode , but what content , characters , and story are actually IN Episode 30 ? DCUO Creative Director SJ `` NerdOfPrey '' Mueller has all those details right after this . SJ , take it away !
EARTH 3 : CONTENT , CHARACTERS , AND STORY
Thanks Mepps ! You guys , Earth 3 is such a big deal . It 's the Justice League versus the Crime Syndicate , finally ! What an epic story to tell , and what an incredible time to be a Justice League fan . The team could n't be more excited to release this episode .
But here 's the big news : This is the first time we 've reunited the Trinity in an all-new storyline since the launch of the game . That 's right , ALL THREE of the Justice League 's heavy hitters ( and DCUO 's mentors ) return in Earth 3 to take on their evil counterparts in the Crime Syndicate ! You 're reading this right . Superman , Wonder Woman , AND Batman are all back . And that 's not all . They are joined by other key members , like Cyborg and the Flash . Even Lex Luthor is along for this ride .
It 's going to take all of them and a whole lot more to take down the Crime Syndicate .
The Visitor ( 2-Player Operation )
The story begins in “ The Visitor , ” an epic 2-Player Operation that reveals our first doppleganger from Earth 3 – Alexander Luthor . At great risk , they have traveled to our world to request help against the Crime Syndicate , a council of evil super-beings that use their great strength to rule their world . They mean well , but the Justice League is a bit uneasy trusting anyone with Lex Luthor 's face . Ca n't say I blame them .
There are two versions of this operation : Event ( Stat Clamped ) and End-Game .
Gotham City : Tricorner Yards ( Open World Missions )
At the end of “ The Visitor , ” the Justice League , Lex Luthor , and heroes and villains alike have traveled to Earth 3 to help . Or in Lex 's case , to explore this alluring world where evil can win . The snowy city is bleak and run by a corrupt Mayor by the name of James Gordon .
When you arrive , you will see that the Justice League has set up a hidden base beneath a bridge in the city . They need your help to get the lay of the land and find out more about this world , and about its evil oppressors . Lex Luthor is along for the ride , but instructs villains to share any and ALL information with him , because they have an idea ... And Batman has tasked you and your friends to find a way to bring down Mayor Gordon .
Who says you ca n't fight City Hall ?
There is one version of these missions : Event ( Stat Clamped ) .
Injustice System ( 4-Player Alert )
Batman has stormed the giant , oppressive Municipal Building in an effort to track down the corrupt Mayor Gordon . But the Mayor does n't rule this city alone , and he 's ready to light the signal and call for back-up .
There are two versions of this alert : Event ( Stat Clamped ) and End-Game .
The Panopticon ( 8-Player Raid )
Surprising no one , Lex had an ulterior motive in all this , and has struck out on their own . They are determined to take down the Crime Syndicate himself , starting with Ultraman . Unfortunately for him , they are captured before they can find their quarry . You must join Alexander and and the rest of the Justice League to mount a dangerous rescue inside the Panopticon , the Crime Synidcate 's twisted version of the Watchtower . Lucky for us , Cyborg has found a way in .
There are three versions of this raid : Event ( Stat Clamped ) , End-Game , and Elite .
The Escape ( 8-Player Raid )
The Crime Syndicate has uncovered a way to tear open a massive hole in time and space , one large enough to drive the entire Panopticon through ! And that is their plan – to drive it right into our own Earth 's orbit ! The entire team must assemble to take on the Crime Syndicate in an epicly ridiculous battle of the bests between these two worlds !
There are three versions of this raid : Event ( Stat Clamped ) , End-Game , and Elite .
SJ `` NerdOfPrey '' Mueller
Creative Director
DC Universe Online
LIVESTREAM : NOVEMBER 3 , 2017
Want to see more ? Tune in TODAY at 2PM PT for a livestream preview . We 'll take a closer look at the new environments , characters , and rewards , recap the episode 's structural additions , and take your questions .
The livestream begins at 2:00PM PT on Friday , November 3 , 2017 . Find us over on Twitch .
If you missed the livestream , watch the replay here :
When you look at their impressive career from 1969-1979 , Led Zeppelin cranked out plenty of well known and loved songs like `` Stairway to Heaven '' and `` Whole Lotta Love '' , but many of their best tracks are actually the most underrated and least well known . Here 's our look at the five most underrated songs from all their studio albums , excluding 1982 's CODA , which was released after the band had parted ways following the death of drummer John Bonham in 1980 .
Achilles Last Stand ( Presence , 1976 )
The opening song on what many consider a lacklustre Presence album , Achilles Last Stand is more than 10 minutes of Led Zeppelin thundering along in an epic track that paved the way for the New Wave of British Heavy Metal . Written by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant at Page 's Malibu home , the band recorded it in 1975 in Munich at Musicland Studios . Of interest on this song , besides ' John Bonham 's stellar drumming , is John Paul Jones ' use of a custom eight-string bass . Jimmy Page added no less than 12 guitar tracks to the song and orchestrated the guitar parts . This song , with it 's relentless energy , virtually crowns Led Zeppelin at their peak .
Custard Pie ( Physical Graffiti , 1975 )
Boasting a stellar Jimmy Page riff and incredible work by John Bonham that carries the song , `` Custard Pie '' kicks off the double Physical Graffiti album in a big way . The infectious , funky groove will instantly have your feet tapping , while Robert Plant is at their sexual double-entendre best singing about a woman 's vagina . Written by Page and Plant , the singer also handles the harmonica that adds a solid blues element to the riff . Interestingly , Zeppelin never played it live .
The Rover ( Physical Graffiti , 1975 )
The second track on the Physical Graffiti album is one of those songs that flies under the radar . But from the moment John Bonham kicks it in with the opening drum passage , `` The Rover '' shows why it 's among Zeppelin 's best work . It was recorded in 1972 and originally intended to go on the Houses of the Holy album , but the band held it off that record . Robert Plant puts their heart and soul into it , just listen to them sing `` You got me rockin when I ought to be a-rollin . Darling , tell me darling which way to go '' . Page 's fretboard work is sound as always , and they used several overdubs to thicken their guitar sound on the track .
The Ocean ( House of the Holy , 1973 )
`` The Ocean '' closes out the impressive Houses of the Holy record with John Bonham counting it in `` We 've done four already but now we 're steady and they went 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 .... '' as the band supposedly cracks it on the fifth take . It 's a fun , funky song where you can tell the group is having a ton of fun playing it . The ending coda features some cool doo-wop grooving ( with John Paul Jones and Bonham providing vocals ) while Page solos merrily along . Near the end , Plant goes `` Oh soo good '' and yes , this song is oh . so . good . It was written by the entire band .
Bron-Y-Aur Stomp ( Led Zeppelin III , 1970 )
Named after the 18th Century Bron-Y-Aur house in Wales where the band wrote most of the songs for Led Zeppelin III , this acoustic track features John Bonham playing spoons and castanets , while John Paul Jones incorporates a fretless bass as the song grooves along nicely . Jimmy Page carries it with a superb sounding acoustic riff that connotes the pastoral side the band found writing at the house , which had no electricity or running water .
Check out our in-depth look at the making and recording of Led Zeppelin IV
Three Syrians shot dead while crossing Turkish border
MARDIN
Fleeing Syrians arrive with their belongings at night in the Shebaa region of southern Lebanon , Nov. 11 , 2013 . REUTERS photo
Three Syrians have been killed by border troops while seeking to cross into Turkey through the southeastern province of Mardin.The Syrian intruders , who were trying to walk over a mined area on the border , were shot dead on Nov. 17 by Turkish soldiers , according to Doğan News Agency.An armored vehicle opened fire at around 1.30 a.m. , after the Syrians ran toward the Turkish border village of Yeniyol , despite repeated warnings from soldiers to stop , the agency reported.The bodies of three men who died at the spot have been sent to the Forensic Medicine Institution in Malatya.Police and gendarmerie force were dispatched to the region immediately after the incident to carry out a comprehensive search and examination.The security forces have revisited the site as part of the investigation into the incident .
The latest White House scandal over the president 's son-in-law and senior advisor Jared Kushner benefiting from the recent extension of the so-called `` golden visa '' program continues to dog the administration , despite its best efforts to brush it aside .
The New York Times on Monday revealed that buried deep ( pdf ) into the spending package signed by U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday was `` one sentence that brought a potential benefit to the president 's extended family : renewal of a program offering permanent residence in the United States to affluent foreigners investing money in real estate projects here . ''
The EB-5 immigrant investor visa program , also known as the `` golden visa , '' was part of the controversial sales pitch made by Kushner 's family over the weekend to Chinese business people , who were asked to invest $ 500,000 in the Kushner real estate empire in exchange for preferential immigration treatment .
`` The sequence of events offers one of the most explicit examples to date of the peril of the Trump and Kushner families maintaining close ties to their business interests and creates an impression they stand to profit off Mr. Trump 's presence in the White House , '' wrote New York Times reporters Eric Lipton and Jesse Drucker .
Further , as Lipton later pointed out on Twitter , a letter sent in late April from `` three senior Democratic senators '' to White House Counsel Don McGahn specifically sought information on how Trump and Kushner `` have personally benefited and may continue to benefit from EB-5 investments . ''
When asked by reporters on Tuesday about the conflict of interest between President Donald Trump 's decision to extend the EB-5 program and the Kushner family 's investor solicitation , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said : `` Jared has no affiliation with that company anymore . They recused himself , sold their interests . That 's a question for the company . ''
But as ThinkProgress editor Judd Legum pointed out afterwards , Kushner has retained `` ownership over most of their real estate investments . ''
Jared retains ownership over most of their real estate investments https : //t.co/dpDmn5fJLy pic.twitter.com/F86ELy33Kc — Judd Legum ( @ JuddLegum ) May 9 , 2017
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
And while the White House hides behind more alternative facts , the outrage has seemingly multiplied .
The advocacy group Democracy 21 sent a letter ( pdf ) to Walter Shaub , head of the Office of Government Ethics ( OGE ) , on Monday urging them to `` to take appropriate action to ensure that Mr. Kushner 's conflicts of interest and appearance of such conflicts regarding their policy responsibilities for matters dealing with China are eliminated . ''
`` Jared Kushner can not have it both ways , '' said the organization 's president Fred Wertheimer . `` He can not serve as a senior adviser to President Trump with unprecedented policy responsibilities and continue to own extensive business holdings , without facing continuing conflict of interest and appearance of conflicts of interest problems . ''
Former White House ethics advisor Richard Painter called the Kushner family 's name-dropping of Trump and Jared Kushner `` corruption , pure and simple . ''
Others have focused on the extension of the problematic `` golden visa '' and are using the scandal to call for its elimination or reform .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif. ) , who was sponsored legislation in January to end the program , said Monday that the latest revelations make `` crystal clear that the EB-5 regional center program presents a stark conflict of interest for the Trump White House . ''
Similarly , the New York Times editorial board also directed its rebuke towards the president , writing on Monday : `` Mr. Trump made restricting immigration , including for refugees fleeing violence , a central plank of their campaign . Yet , they seem O.K . with letting real estate moguls take advantage of a program that sells green cards . In this administration , the interests of the first family and its rich and powerful friends come first . ''
Lorena Garcia is the chef/owner of a single airport restaurant , an unsuccessful Top Chef Masters contestant , and a consultant for Taco Bell . They are also a noted critic of molecular gastronomy ( which is odd , because , well , Taco Bell ) . And breaking news via the OC Register : Taco Bell has tasked Lorena Garcia with expanding the Chipotle rip-off `` Cantina Bell '' menu even further . On tap : `` a new quesadilla , a fresh roasted salsa and revamped steak . ''
According to the OC Register , which was invited to the fast food chain 's test kitchens , Garcia is a `` key brand ambassador '' that `` elevates '' Taco Bell 's menu of `` bowls and burritos '' with `` premium ingredients . '' Garcia is also in charge of true culinary innovation at the chain that encourages its fans to `` Live Mas . '' To that end , in development is the future-forward `` chicken Caesar burrito . '' Lorena Garcia , who reportedly flies to Taco Bell 's headquarters once or twice a month , threatened , `` This is only the beginning . ''
· Taco Bell expanding Cantina Bell menu [ OCR ]
· All Taco Bell Coverage on Eater [ -E- ]
· All Lorena Garcia Coverage on Eater [ -E- ]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Protesters yell 'shame ' at politicians over healthcare bill
The US House of Representatives has passed a healthcare bill , bringing President Trump 's pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare a stride closer .
The American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) passed with a vote to spare , after weeks of cajoling within the Republican party to muster enough support .
Democrats were unanimously opposed and their House leader Nancy Pelosi called it a `` cowardly choice '' .
President Trump predicted this `` great plan '' would now get Senate backing .
`` Make no mistake , this is a repeal and a replacement of Obamacare , '' they said from the Rose Garden at the White House , soon after the vote .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump and Republicans cheer vote on healthcare
Its safe passage through the US lower chamber provides the new president with their first legislative victory , three months into their term .
And it marks a remarkable turnaround after the bill was left for dead in March when Republicans were unable to agree on its provisions .
But it was a close-run thing - Republicans needed 216 votes in the House and it passed with 217 . No Democrats voted in favour .
Obamacare v Republican plan compared
Trump health bill : Winners and losers
Five consequences of healthcare vote
A win for Trump - Anthony Zurcher , BBC News , Washington
Round one of the battle over Obamacare repeal is in the books . Round two is set to begin , with the opponents more powerful and the obstacles more imposing .
It 's worth remembering that passage of the Republican healthcare plan in the House of Representatives was supposed to be the easy part . House Speaker Paul Ryan had a sizeable majority at their disposal and the political tools to reward support and punish transgressions .
Instead the American Health Care Act 's long , laborious journey exposed divisions within the Republican Party and the limits in Donald Trump 's powers of persuasion . These challenges wo n't disappear . The fault lines will be put under greater pressure and Mr Trump 's skills will be further tested when action heads to the Senate .
Unlike the House , the Republican majority there is narrow , and already some in the party are showing misgivings about the current legislation . Democrats , who have more parliamentary tricks up their sleeves , will attempt to disrupt the process at every turn .
Still , a win is a win . It was n't pretty . It may not last . But Mr Trump and the Republican House leadership will take it .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump 's battles with Obamacare - in their own words
But the speed at which it has been resuscitated since then , with several amendments aimed at winning over Republican rebels , has provoked criticism .
It is not known how much the revised bill will cost , nor how many people will lose coverage , because the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) has not had time to assess it .
Before the latest revisions , the CBO estimated 14 million more Americans would lose insurance in 2018 alone .
Why is Obamacare suddenly so popular ?
Patients tell their Obamacare stories
About 20 million Americans gained healthcare coverage under President Barack Obama 's 2010 Affordable Care Act , nicknamed Obamacare .
But Republicans viewed it as an overreach of the federal government and said patients had less choice and higher premiums .
What 's the reaction ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Activists hold signs during a `` Stop Trumpcare '' rally in front of the Capitol in Washington , DC
There were shouts of `` Shame on you ! '' from protesters directed at members of congress and women as they left Capitol Hill .
Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said : `` Very sad . One of the biggest transfers of wealth in the history of our country . Their desire to give a tax break for the rich just trumped everything . ''
But Republicans were jubilant .
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said the bill would give Americans greater choice and stop the current Obamacare `` death spiral '' of higher costs and fewer healthcare options .
The White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said it was a `` big win for Americans '' and would deliver expanded access and lower costs .
Before the vote , the Republican leadership in the House played `` Eye of the Tiger '' , the pre-fight song in Rocky , at a closed-door meeting .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The vote was a victory for House Speaker Paul Ryan ( centre )
What 's changed from Obamacare ?
The new bill repeals the individual mandate requiring those who can afford it to have health insurance . Those have who been without coverage for more than two months would face a 30 % surcharge for new policy .
It repeals Obamacare 's requirement for companies with 50 or more staff to provide insurance coverage for employees .
It keeps the popular Obamacare element allowing children and young people to stay covered on their parents ' policies up until age 26 .
It would enable insurers to charge at least five times as much to older customers .
It enables states to opt out of the guarantee to provide healthcare to people with pre-existing conditions .
What next ?
The bill goes to the Senate , probably next month , where it faces a precarious passage .
Although the chamber is Republican controlled , their majority is a thin one and several of their senators said after the House victory they will write their own bill rather than amend that one .
The influential Senator Bob Corker said the present bill had `` zero '' chance of clearing the upper chamber .
Any new revisions made by the Senate would need approval from the House .
This article is over 2 years old
Man who shares the same name as the Russian leader was arrested for tresspassing when they refused to leave a Palm Beach store
Vladimir Putin arrested at Florida supermarket – but Russian president remains at liberty
Vladimir Putin has been arrested at a Florida supermarket .
No , not that Vladimir Putin .
Police in West Palm Beach said a 48-year-old man who shares the name of the Russian president was arrested at a Publix supermarket in the city 's downtown on 21 August .
Police said Putin was screaming at employees and refused to leave the store .
Records with the Palm Beach County sheriff 's office show they were charged with trespassing and resisting an officer without violence .
Reports said Putin initially refused to give police theirs name .
Putin appeared in court Monday morning and was released . They are due back in court in September .
Court records do not list an address for him . Sheriff 's deputy Eric Davis said they did n't know if Putin had a lawyer .
THE deadline to agree the fiscal framework that accompanies the Scotland Bill has just been pushed back to February 23 – but it might take a lifetime to close the gap between the negotiating positions of the Westminster and Scottish Governments .
The fiscal framework is actually more important than the powers in the Bill as the new powers are severely limited and inflexible and do n't constitute a full enough range of economic and social levers to deliver real growth and equality for Scotland .
The fiscal arrangement stalemate was easy to foresee . Back in November 2014 I wrote : “ We are promised the best of both worlds but the Smith Commission is an unworkable constitutional fudge and the worst of both worlds ” . I also predicted that “ Westminster are going to try to sabotage the devolution of extra powers ” and “ shoot down any new powers that do n't come with huge caveats ” .
The caveat attached is the funding formula that could have ended up costing Scotland £7bn over a decade . Now , with some Westminster concessions on offer , it could cost us £3bn . No thanks to that , either . At its AGM in January , Business for Scotland passed a resolution calling for the rejection of the Scotland Bill with the fiscal agreement as it stands . We thought we were being contentious but it seems everyone had the same idea .
The key to understanding the fiscal framework conundrum is to understand how Scotland is funded and how that will change when some tax raising powers are devolved . Currently the Chancellor sets out their budget , a calculation then determines how much their policies would cost to implement in England . Then a population percentage share of that budget is paid to the other nations in the form of a block grant , with a top-up amount based on the Barnett Formula .
The rationale for the Barnett Formula has changed over time but it has been kept as many policies cost more to implement in nations with more rural populations , different demographics and geographies .
So when the Scottish Government starts to collect income tax , Scotland 's block grant should be cut by the amount of income tax it will collect directly . In principle then a cut in income tax in Scotland would mean the cut is paid for in Scotland . Likewise if income tax rates are raised in Scotland then the additional tax revenues would stay in Scotland and that 's fair enough .
In year one It 's pretty simple , however Barnett never anticipated differing tax rates in Scotland , Northern Ireland and Wales so it starts to get complicated in later years to make sure that Scottish block grant adjustments are fair . A methodology to agree the size of adjustments every year given the different spending priorities of the Westminster and Scottish Governments needs to be agreed – and this is called indexation .
Several indexing methodologies have been suggested but none of them really work . This is because the elephant in the room – the devolution of tax varying powers – can not work without a full redesign of the UK constitution along federal lines and full fiscal autonomy for all the nations , possibly even English regions if they want it .
Federalism is not on offer so we are back to that unworkable constitutional fudge , one that amounts to a fiscal spending trap that could rip billions out of Scotland 's budget leaving us worse off than the rest of the UK .
Critics complain that the idea to reduce the block grant each year based on Scotland 's population share of the change in comparable tax receipts in the rUK will disadvantage Scotland . This is due to the fact that London and the south east has a larger concentration of higher-earning individuals and that population growth forecasts and differing economic and wages growth could mean Scotland is penalised , despite not having all the powers to fully impact on those variables .
This is not a problem with full fiscal autonomy as we would then have the powers to create additional economic growth and raise our own budgets . But with a handful of unusable powers , future adjustments with a flawed fiscal agreement presents an unacceptable risk .
The Scotland Bill has fallen well short of the devolution aspirations of the Scottish people , which would involve the powers to vary VAT , control over employment law , minimum wages , corporation tax , capital gains taxes , full control over welfare , universal credit , pensions and inheritance tax . So the Bill offers a lot of risk for very little potential gain .
The STUC has seen through the fiscal trap , saying : “ The STUC strongly suspects that the UK Government is using these negotiations to try to apply a financial cut to Scotland 's budget . ”
Grahame Smith , STUC general secretary , said : “ It would be wrong , ranking on the stupid , to propose acceptance of a fiscal framework ” as it stands . This was a useful intervention as it seems to have forced Labour to admit the fiscal deal is not worth backing . Now only the Conservatives in Scotland are not backing the fairer per capita tax receipts system that will be adjusted to account for population ratios between Scotland and England .
Westminster 's position is so blatantly wrong that even the House of Commons ' Scottish Affairs Committee , most of whom represent English constituencies , unanimously backed the Scottish Government 's alternative formula .
Surely the deal is dead now unless the UK Government radically changes its position on the fiscal formula before the new February 23 deadline ?
The Tories and all the Unionist parties thought they were on to a good thing – selling Scotland short on the promised more powers vow , adding a fiscal trap and then fighting the Scottish election with all the Unionist opposition parties challenging the SNP to say how they would use the unusable powers .
If the SNP saw that coming and blocked the Bill then the Unionists ' would say the SNP is the party stopping devolution . However , the plan has backfired . Many who are no friends of the SNP have recognised the damage a poor fiscal arrangement will do to Scotland and are calling for it to be rejected .
This offers the SNP the covering fire they need to move against the bill unless Westminster agrees to a fairer indexing system .
The SNP Holyrood manifesto should seek a mandate for a new stronger Scotland Bill – one that meets the devolutionary needs and aspirations of the Scottish people – pointing out that failure to deliver it would create another potential trigger for a second independence referendum within the term of the next parliament .
Then , instead of the SNP campaign being a prisoner to a flawed and unworkable bill complete with massive budget cuts , it will go into the Scottish election as the champion of real devolution .
Treasury 's new £4.5bn fiscal offer ‘ not serious '
A very small update , including a new item icon for , has been pushed to the PBE ! Continue reading for more information !
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers ! Manage your expectations accordingly . )
Zeke 's Harbinger Icon
Here 's an up to date VFX video preview :
HUD Update today :
T they minion dots on the minimap now have a black outline . The stats panel ( control C to toggle ) the fps/ping display ( control F to toggle ) will now remember if you had it enabled or not and stay that way between games .
HUD Update currently testing on the PBE ,
Two small tweaks to thetoday : For more on thecurrently testing on the PBE , see our 5.14 PBE megapost .
To go along with the rework & name change , now has a new item icon on the PBE.Check outfor acatch up with the individual update links below !
The owner of The Baltimore Sun 's office building and parking garage wants to sell the property .
The Tribune Media Co. , which spun off The Baltimore Sun and other newspapers as a separate company in 2014 , has said for months that it is looking to sell the newspaper properties , which include signature buildings in Los Angeles and Chicago . It sold the Port Covington property with The Sun 's printing press to Sagamore Development for $ 46.5 million in 2014 .
The firm is working with CBRE on the sale of the 501 N. Calvert Street building . There is no firm timeline as to when a sale might occur .
In an email to staff , Baltimore Sun Publisher and Editor-in-Chief Trif Alatzas said a sale would not affect the paper 's lease .
Earlier this month , Michael Ferro the chairperson of Tribune Publishing , the parent company of the Baltimore Sun , said they thought the leases leftover from Tribune Media were onerous and they wanted to explore other options . They did n't specify which leases .
The Baltimore Sun office building dates to 1950 , but was significanty expanded in 1981 to about 452,000 square feet , according to the state , which values it at roughly $ 12.5 million for tax purposes . A portion of the building is empty .
nsherman @ baltsun.com
Pokémon Go got many people to engage with an augmented reality game for the first time . But Los Gatos startup Get Qurious wants to expose even younger kids to AR games through tactile play .
The company has introduced the Get Qurious Maker Box , which combines physical game cards with an interactive digital world . Using AR imaging , you can use the physical game cards to spur storytelling animations on the iPad . It is targeted at children ages 4 to 9 .
You play by holding a physical game piece — such as a picture of a cartoon pig — in front of the iPad 's camera . The app recognizes the pig and triggers an animation . The first Maker Box takes the classic “ Three Little Pigs ” story and brings it to life as an animated storybook through the app , the interactive story cards , puzzles , a sticker book , and pretend play masks .
“ The idea is to have a lot of physical activities , using their hands and crafting , ” said Manoj Jacob , cofounder of Get Qurious , in an interview with GamesBeat . “ Normally , kids engaging with an app are just sitting still and looking at a screen . ”
Get Qurious helps children learn concepts of logic , critical thinking , reading comprehension , and creativity through physical play and 3D storytelling . The idea is to enable multi-modal learning in children by engaging all of their senses .
“ We were inspired by the need to blend education and entertainment , ” said Sesh Sareday , cofounder of Get Qurious . “ While everyone has been excited about mobile devices , people are concerned about the addiction to screens . What 's been left out is the physical play . This is a new way of play . ”
The Get Qurious Maker Box is available at new b8ta stores in Palo Alto , California ; Seattle , Washington ; and Santa Monica , California It 's also for sale online on Marbles The Brain store and Amazon .
Get Qurious was able to get its box into retail early by working with the Sprosty Network , which has a retail-oriented startup accelerator call RetailXelerator . Jacob applied for it and was accepted . Sprosty waived the fee for going through the accelerator .
The idea is to invoke curiosity , spark imagination , and let children dream to reach for the real things they want . The products are simple , reusable , replayable , and do what apps or real-life things by themselves can not do . They are new ways to play , learn , and explore , full of surprises and magical from their own table top , Sareday said .
“ We want kids to be motivated and creative and do stuff , ” Sareday said . “ There are millions of apps out there . We do n't want to do one more app . We really want to spark the imagination . ”
The box comes with multiple activities . One is an interactive story book with 12-chapter story cards that kids can wave in front of the tablet camera . The cards trigger the story of the Three Little Pigs .
You can also put on a mask and look into the device camera . You tap the microphone button on the app to record , and then you can speak the words of the story . You can modulate your voice to make it sound funny . The masks enable role-playing that parents or siblings can use to have fun with each other .
Another activity is Puzzle Builder , which lets kid build their own house just like the Three Little Pigs . The kids can put the puzzle together and scan each piece to see the house in 3D . You can flip the pieces over for a fun new puzzle . Again , the learning is multi-modal .
You can also play with stickers ( which are reusable ) . There are some blank spots in the storybook . Kids can place stickers in the blank spots and see a different piece of the story unfold , depending on which stickers they have chosen .
There 's a lot of competition . Osmo uses an iPad 's camera to recognize objects in digital-physical games that bring together apps and toys . And Square Panda combines an iPad with an accessory that reads physical letter blocks .
Sareday said the product is educational , but the company is n't focused on making it curriculum-oriented , with clear educational outcomes . In that respect , the product is dedicated to learning through fun .
The company has five employees , and it has been able to start selling its $ 25 product using only friends and family funding . Jacob said the company is working on more boxes , and it eventually hopes to be able to churn out boxes one after another . So far , the app is available only on iOS . Sareday said the company is seeking more money , and it will eventually hire a new CEO .
Over time , the company could launch a subscription service , launching a box every month , Sareday said . With each new box , the company is learning how to make the elements more engaging .
“ This can evolve into more complex things , ” Sareday said .
This post by Dean Takahashi originally appeared on VentureBeat .
Several weeks ago , Julia Cordray and Nicole McCullough unveiled their plans for a new app called “ Peeple , ” billed as a “ Yelp for People ” where users would be able to conveniently rate every person they 've ever met as if they were trendy restaurants or hair salons . They think this will help spread “ good feeling. ” Social psychology begs to differ .
The app has justifiably received plenty of criticism on all sorts of legal and ethical fronts . Unacknowledged in these critcisms is that when the founders talk about their rationale for why it 's a good idea , their logic reveals an ignorance of actual social psychology .
Advertisement
Will Peeple Help With Due Diligence ?
According to Julia Cordray , in their pitch about the app to the Washington Post , “ People do so much research when they buy a car or make those kinds of decisions…why not do the same kind of research on other aspects of your life ? ” Essentially , Cordray expects that it should be valuable for people to be able to do thorough research on potential babysitters , friends , or neighbors . However , this benefit depends on one huge assumption : that what people say about someone in one context can offer valuable information about how that person will be in another context .
In reality , people naturally shift between several “ different selves ” depending on the situations that they 're in . The huge amount of inconsistency in how people behave across situations even led social psychologist Walter Mischel to boldly proclaim in Personality and Assessment ( Wiley , 1968 ) that there is truly “ no such thing ” as personality , because people 's behaviors differ so wildly across different situations .
Advertisement
Mischel 's later research with Yuichi Shoda has greatly tamed this hyperbolic claim — there is certainly a “ such thing ” as personality . But the fact that behavior can differ wildly across situations is not controversial , and not debated by anyone — not even personality psychologists . As Sam Sommers wrote in Situations Matter : Understanding How Context Transforms Your World , “ We 're easily seduced by the notion of stable character . So much of who we are , how we think , and what we do is driven by the situations we 're in , yet we remain blissfully unaware of it . ”
As an example , our own self-concepts and self-distinctions differ wildly just based on who we 're around . We tend to think of ourselves in terms of what makes us distinctive . Let 's say I asked you to write down 5 or 10 statements that define what makes you “ you. ” If you are the only woman in a room full of men ( or vice versa ) , you will most likely say “ I am a woman ” or “ I am a man ” early on in your list — because it 's distinctive , so it 's salient at that moment . If you 're surrounded by other people of the same gender and yet you 're the youngest one in the room by 20 or 30 years , you probably wo n't think to mention your gender at all — but you will most likely mention your age . The fact that our surroundings can so easily sway how we define our selves says something pretty impressive about how much our situations influence our own self-views — and possibly how we will act around and portray ourselves to others .
Even personality traits that we think of as relatively stable are largely subject to situational influences . Take potential romantic relationships — another possible useful application for Peeple . Research on attachment theory describes how people habitually form attachments with caregivers ( early in life ) and romantic partners ( later in life ) , and broadly claims that people can either be securely attached ( comfortable with intimacy and trust ) , anxiously attached ( constantly experiencing doubt/worry about relationships ) , or avoidantly attached ( uncomfortable with intimacy , dismissive , and aloof ) . These attachment styles are theoretically supposed to be fairly stable , trait-like patterns .
Advertisement
Except…that 's not quite true . Even though the “ stability ” of attachment patterns was , for a while , thought to be a given in personality psychology , later research showed that when people were asked to list and describe the 10 most important relationships that they 'd had in their lives , over 50 % of the participants had experienced all three major attachment styles at some point — they reported at least one relationship in which they were securely attached , one in which they were anxiously attached , and one in which they were avoidantly attached .
Really , if you think about the nature of relationships , this makes sense . Everyone has the potential to be securely , anxiously , or avoidantly attached — especially if you end up with someone who brings out the best ( or the worst ) in you . Even the most “ stable ” personality traits are subject to change and adaptation over time . With all of this potential for fluidity , how helpful is it really to hear from someone 's ex ?
Does Peeple Provide Useful Additional Information ?
There 's a good chance that the way someone acts in one situation does not necessarily say anything useful about how they will act in a different situation with a different person — even if we 're comparing similar situations , like two different romantic relationships of the same person . But what about personality traits that are pretty consistent across situations and do say something about that person 's true nature ? Does the potential to share that information on Peeple add anything above and beyond what we 'd naturally gather from real life anyway ?
Advertisement
Probably not . From decades of research , we already know that people make snap judgments about others incredibly quickly , based on very thin slices of information — and they usually do n't stray very far from those initial impressions over time . We are constantly leaking “ expressive behaviors ” that are “ unintended , unconscious , and yet extremely effective ” when it comes to conveying information about ourselves and our personalities to others .
We can reliably make fairly accurate predictions about people 's personalities based on less than five minutes of exposure to their behavior , and there is even evidence to suggest that slices of behavior as short as 30 seconds can be just as useful . In various studies , people were able to assess teacher effectiveness , teacher bias , teacher adequacy , deception , trustworthiness , voting behavior , anxiety , depression , and the way that a therapist would speak to patients in that time frame . And these initial assessments do n't waver . In one study , end-of-semester teacher evaluations correlated remarkably high with the initial ratings that students had given those teachers — without the sound for that teacher 's lecture even on .
If we form evaluations so quickly , and those evaluations are so resistant to change over time , what is the added benefit of an extensive database of evaluations ? Is there really all that much that we think this service can add that we do n't already do for ourselves after a few minutes of in-person interaction ?
Advertisement
Will The “ Real Name Policy ” Keep Everyone Nice ?
Finally , in response to the criticism that people will use the site as an “ adult burn book ” to bully other people , the co-founders argued that people will be “ nicer ” than the average online commenter because Peeple will not allow people to be anonymous .
Once again , that 's not how this works . When Cordray and McCullough say this , they are probably thinking about the research on deindividuation — the social psychological concept that says that when people feel anonymous , they are more likely to act in antisocial , violent , or aggressive ways , and these tendencies wane when people feel more identifiable .
Advertisement
But think about the comments you may have seen when magazines or newspapers share articles on Facebook . Have you seen what some people will say ? Even with their names and photos attached , that does n't stop some people from being vile . This is because deindividuation is n't about whether or not your name is attached to your words . At its core , it 's really about the fact that when we feel like we 're part of a group , or something keeps us from feeling like we 're under the spotlight or being held personally responsible , we do n't feel as much pressure to do the “ right thing. ” This gives us more leeway to act antisocially .
Being an “ Anonymous Author ” can provide that mask and that diffusion of personal attention and/or responsibility . But do you know what else can also do that ? A computer screens . Not being able to see the faces of the people you 're talking to ( or about ) . And massive comment threads , where your name is attached to your words but your comment is also 1 in 1,000 .
You do n't need to make people literally anonymous to see the effects of feeling “ anonymous. ” In experiments , simply asking people to imagine that they are in a crowded room is enough to cause deindividuation effects and encourage antisocial behavior . So why do we think that this sense of moral liberation wo n't extend to people who are effectively masked by a computer screen , a phone , or a massive list of comments or evaluations ?
Advertisement
Ultimately , there are many reasons to feel concerned about the effect that an app like Peeple could have on society and interpersonal behavior . And I 'll add one more to the list — a deep misunderstanding by the brains behind Peeple about how the brains inside people actually work .
George Washington Owned Slaves
Depending upon the source , history records that President George Washington brought seven to nine of their family 's several hundred slaves to New York City in 1789 to work in the first presidential household . One of the presidential slaves was a biracial young lady named Oney Judge – the daughter of Betty , a “ negress ” slave without a last name , and Andrew Judge , a white English indentured servant at Washington 's Mount Vernon plantation .
When the presidential household moved to Pennsylvania in 1790 , Washington illegally had their slaves rotated out of state every so often so they would not be freed under the Gradual Abolition Act – that prohibited non-residents from keeping slaves in Pennsylvania for periods longer than six months and freed slaves after this time .
In summer of 1796 , the slave Oney Judge learned that they were to be given away as a present by First Lady Washington to their granddaughter , Eliza Custis . Oney then made up their mind to escape and they did so through the underground railroad and ended up in New Hampshire . You can read about their life and times at Wikipedia 's article on Oney Judge .
Which is all to remind us that when George Washington visited Barbados in 1751 , and until they died in 1799 , they owned other human beings as their property . Again , depending upon the source , history records that George and Martha Washington owned several hundred slaves between them . Although they had the power to free their slaves , George Washington did not do so . Even upon their death they only freed one slave , William Lee . The rest were given to their wife for further use .
How Much History Is Too Much ? How Little Is Not Enough ?
We were intrigued by an article and lively discussion taking place at Ian Bourne 's The Bajan Reporter blog . It seems that when Ian and their wife visited George Washington House in Barbados , they thought the slavery exhibit at the home was a bit overdone and at the same time incomplete in that it did not document the plight of non-African slaves and indentured servants .
See Ian 's thought-provoking piece : George Washington House by Garrison Racetrack : Are all Historical Reminders necessary ? Time to let wounds heal – Yankee Bajan 's USA Independence
For our part , we think that Mr. and Mrs. Bourne are right and wrong about the slavery presentation at George Washington House . We think that the home is quite a proper place for a display about slavery – African , white , transported and indentured . But we also agree that for too long historians and Bajans have focused primarily upon the African slave trade to the exclusion of other areas of our slave history .
As an aside , we saw back in May that Planet Barbados published an excellent little piece on the Scots who were “ Barbado'ed ” as supposedly indentured workers – meaning slaves with a time to serve – but ended up being slaves who were never released . See Planet Barbados : Giving Voice to the Sad History of the “ Redlegs ” of Barbados .
Advertisements
Sarah and Jacob Hoggle went missing three years ago .
Though suspected , their mother Catherine Hoggle has not been charged with murder , but they have been locked up .
They were the last known person to have seen 3-year-old Sarah and 2-year-old Jacob in September 2014 .
They told police they were safe and being cared for , but would not say where .
“ We definitely , 100 percent believe that my babies are out there , and we 're going to continue to look for them until we bring them home , ” said their father , Troy Turner .
But months of searching never turned up a trace of the missing children .
Catherine , who was picked up by police while wandering Montgomery County , has a history of paranoid schizophrenia .
They have been undergoing treatment at Clifford T. Perkins , the state 's psychiatric hospital , after being found mentally incompetent to stand trial .
Today in court , that status did not change .
“ Most recent analysis they determined they were still incompetent , ” said David Felsen , Hoggle 's lawyer .
“ The judge adopted those findings as to the determination of their competency . ”
In all this time , Catherine has never been charged with murdering their children and hiding their bodies , instead she 's being held on lesser charges .
“ Three different charges , all misdemeanors , and none of them are crimes of violence under the statute , ” according to Felson .
After three years , the legal time they can be held on charges of parental abduction , neglect and obstructing the investigation are about to run out . Them lawyer is moving to have them free when they do .
Legal analysts say it 's possible .
“ If you 're not able to be tried , and the court ca n't make a determination beyond a reasonable doubt that you 're guilty of the crime , they do n't have legal right to punish you , ” says legal analyst Adam Ruther .
Family members of the children were in court for the competency ruling . They 'll be back September 15 when the judge will be asked by Catherine 's lawyer to release them from custody .
If they are freed of the current misdemeanor charges , prosecutors have the option of possibly bringing other charges , including murder , to keep Catherine in custody .
Follow @ CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
Two months shy of their 42nd birthday , Jaromir Jagr is still not showing any signs of their skills deteriorating and they are making other players on the New Jersey Devils around them better . They were brought in as the big-ticket name to replace the ‘ retired ' Ilya Kovalchuk and they have been better than one could have imagined , and is probably a better fit for Devils Hockey more than Kovalchuk ever was . In their early career , Jagr would have never fit in , at all , in New Jersey — much like how Kovalchuk often looked lost for long stretches during their three seasons in the Garden State .
But this version of no . 68 is a perfect fit with the Devils so far , and coach Peter DeBoer does n't even want to consider where their squad would be without Jagr . “ I do n't think about it anymore , ” the head coach said when asked if there was any thought put into how many minutes the 41-year-old gets late in games . “ I 've just become accustomed to treating them like he 's 25 , they like it like that . He 's been an invaluable piece for us , in a lot of different areas. ” The other living legend on the Devils ( Martin Brodeur ) has thoroughly enjoyed being teammates with Jagr , after they were adversaries for the previous two decades . “ It 's pretty impressive to see a player of that caliber , I mean , this guy is one of the best players that played the game , and they still are at their age , ” said Brodeur when asked about the one player older than them on the team . “ It 's also their attitude about the game , I think that 's why we are lucky to have them here for our young guys ; for them to see what a real professional is all about . ”
NEW TEAM , SAME JAGR
This season through New Jersey 's first 34 games Jagr leads the team in points ( 28 ) , goals ( 11 ) , assists ( 17 ) , shots ( 80 ) , and game-winning goals ( 3 ) ; he 's second on the team in plus-minus ( +11 ) behind Dainius Zubrus . He 's even become quite the comedian from time to time during post-game press conferences , which is a complete change from their early NHL seasons when they were often reserved and moody with the media .
This is the second time in their careers that Jagr & Zubrus are teammates and after a 3-0 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning that saw no . 68 set up both of Zubrus ' goals , Jagr had some fun at their buddy 's expense . “ Zubie 's had a great year , but this year there 's no All-Star game so it 's kind of a waste of a good year ; for sure they would be there , ” they said with a grin as the media erupted into laughter . “ We 're just happy we can be on the ice the same time as Zubie ; me and Travis , there 's no other place I want to be than on the ice with Zubie — especially when he 's going good like that. ” They knew they had an audience now , and seized the moment recalling their point totals from their last year in Pittsburgh ( 2000-01 ) and their first season in Washington ( 2001-02 ) with Zubrus . “ I remember them when we played together in Washington . I got traded from Pittsburgh , I had 120 points , they put them on my line I had 70 so…50 % drop ; those are good memories . ”
Jaromir Jagr scored their 1000th NHL point during the 2000 season , their last in Pittsburgh :
THE NEW ZZ-POPS LINE ?
All jokes aside , Jagr along with Zubrus and Travis Zajac have formed quite a trio that has been the team 's most consistent line game-in and game-out for about a month now . “ Yeah I think we are playing well , ” said Zajac of they and their linemates , “ we 're big , we 're strong , we cycle the puck well. ” The Devils no . 1 center is used to playing with high-profile/super talented wingers ( see : Kovalchuk , Zach Parise ) and has really thrived since they were put together with the future Hall-of-Famer . “ Jagr 's a big guy ; he 's got a heavy stick and he 's hard on pucks . They win a lot of battles down low and on the wall . It 's easy as a centerman to just find spots and he 'll get you the puck , ” said Zajac . “ You 're stick always has to be on the ice ( anticipating a pass ) with him . He 's a guy that can make passes through sticks and through bodies when you least expect it. ” When asked about their line , and its success , Jagr gave similar praise to Zajac . “ I like this line from the first time we played together , once we are in the offensive zone we are very good ; I think we should be able to make more plays in the neutral zone , give-and-go plays , ” they said . “ The key is Travis ; they start it defensively with face-offs . He 's a key guy , I like playing with him . ”
PROFESSOR JAGR
Jagr , following certain games has gone out of their way to praise some of the role players and younger players on the team , like rookie defenseman Eric Gelinas . “ It 's a great pat on the back coming from a guy like that . I appreciate those words , like you said it 's only happened a couple of times , ” Gelinas told the Hockey Writers with a grin . “ I 'm trying to work on having that happen on a regular basis . It 's definitely nice to hear coming from a guy like that. ” Gelinas was n't even born yet when Jagr made their NHL debut during the 1990-91 season , so it 's had quite an impact on the rookie being teammates with a living legend . “ It 's pretty amazing playing with a future Hall-of-Famer , ” said the 22-year-old with a huge grin as they glanced across the locker room at Jagr . “ I think he 's now sixth in NHL scoring all-time , that 's pretty special . He 's a great player and they do it even though he 's the oldest guy on our team . He 's just amazing . ”
WINNING CURES ALL
Jagr is certainly having fun this season , but they know it would be even more fun if the Devils were winning on a more consistent basis . “ I thought we would have more victories , we should have more wins . We have to learn how to find a way to win ; we are close , close , close . Close is not enough , ” they said after New Jersey 's latest win . They paused and added more dissatisfaction with the team 's up & down season , “ With all of these teams so close together ( in our division ) , we have to win ; we have to find a way to win . Once we learn how to play a full 60 minutes , everybody , we 'll be fine . Hopefully we can get back to .500 ; we were there once and we let it slip away . ”
Jaromir Jagr scored their 19th OT winner earlier this season , extending their NHL record :
“ It 's been great having Jagr on the Devils , ” added Brodeur , “ and winning will make it a lot better ; but as far as the atmosphere ( with them here ) , and seeing them play , its fun. ” Brodeur , Jagr and all of their teammates are hoping to have a lot more fun if they can find a way to get into the playoffs four months from now .
Dan Rice can be reached via Twitter : @ DRdiabloTHW or via Email : drdiablo321 @ yahoo.com
Check out our partners at TiqIQ for the best deals on New Jersey Devils tickets for all 2013-14 games .
DALLAS — An employee of Texas-based fast-food chain Whataburger has been fired after refusing to serve two Dallas-area police officers , the company said on Wednesday .
The chain , which has more than 700 restaurants around the country , also apologized and offered the officers complimentary meals .
Cameron Beckham of the Milford Police Department and Michael Magovern , a deputy with the Strawn City Marshal 's Office , were in uniform and tried to grab a burger in Lewisville before an off-duty security job on Tuesday evening . They were told by a worker that the restaurant does not serve police , broadcaster CBS-DFW reported .
“ We were appalled to hear of an employee refusing service to two officers , as we have proudly served first responders across our system for decades , ” Whataburger said in a statement . “ The employee that refused service is no longer employed with Whataburger . ”
The employee has not been identified .
“ He said it with a straight face , no smile and just stared at us , ” Magovern told the television station . “ Even if they were joking , I 'm not going to eat here because I do n't trust that . ”
After the incident , the officers took their business to a nearby Dairy Queen , according to local media .
Missouri Teacher Suspended for Showing 1959 Anti-Gay Film as Part of History Lesson
RAYMORE , Mo . — A Missouri high school teacher was removed from the classroom and placed on administrative leave after they showed students a decades-old public service announcement that depicted gay men as depraved sexual predators .
Ken Simon is facing disciplinary action after showing the film to a class of seniors , but said they were using the video to show just how much attitudes about homosexuality have changed over the years , reports KCTV .
“ I did n't realize it was going to cause such a backlash , ” Simon said . “ It was totally innocent . ”
“ Him being suspended over a situation of them actually teaching about our history as a country is absolutely asinine , ” said former student Victoria Long .
The 10-minute film , titled “ Boys Beware , ” was produced in 1959 by the Inglewood , Calif. , police department and school district . It warns students to avoid strangers “ because they might be homosexual . ”
Two students lodged complaints with the school 's administration over the video 's subject matter , sparking Simon 's suspension less than three weeks shy of their retirement from a 47-year-career at Raymore-Peculiar School District .
About a dozen past and present teachers and students gathered Thursday to peacefully protest the district 's decision to suspend him .
The school district cited privacy concerns in refusing to comment on the situation , but said Simon 's future retirement benefits will be unaffected .
Watch :
America 's Most Followed LGBTQ News Source
A # Boom National Media Partner
Microsoft is allowing some employees to post short home videos with the # MadeWithHoloLens hashtag to show off more ideas about how the coming augmented-reality technology could be used .
The new videos began showing up on Twitter over the past couple of days . One from @ ShireWisdom ( Noble Smith ) shows a glimpse of an interactive solar system demo . Another from @ TheSparkly ( Andrea Chang ) is of a mime walking along a keyboard . Chang also hashtagged their video clip with # HoloLensHYPE .
The HoloLens video clips come a month before Microsoft allows developers in U.S. and Canada to sign up to request access to HoloLens developer kits , which will be $ 3,000 a piece , with a limit of two per developer . Those kits will go out to those selected during the first quarter of 2016 . There 's no public information at this point as to what 's included in the kits .
Read this ​Microsoft 's HoloLens : Enterprise boon or boondoggle ? Microsoft took the plunge into holographic computing and has all the hooks built in to ensure the technology will at least be tried in the enterprise . Read More
Earlier this week , there was a report from Ynet that said Microsoft had cut 60 people in Israel who were working on the HoloLens . The group affected consisted of 30 full time employees and 30 contractors , the report said , and was part of an Israeli startup Microsoft acquired six years ago . ( I 'm assuming that acquisition was 3D CMOS camera-chipmaker Canesta , which Microsoft bought in November 2010 . ) Ynet reported that Microsoft planned to use its own technology in place of that developed by the Israeli team .
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has said that Microsoft 's first priority with HoloLens will be to get enterprise applications developed for the product . Microsoft 's partnership with Autodesk Fusion 360 on an industrial-design offering is an example of the type of application Microsoft is pushing to debut first for HoloLens users .
HUNTSVILLE , Alabama -- Sayonara , 2011 , and hello to a whole lot of recycled resolutions from years past . But before you vow to curb dining out or make that new diet book purchase , splurge once more by sampling one of the Go ! magazine team 's picks for its Best Eats of 2011 .
After nearly 50 reviews of various Tennessee Valley dining destinations this year ranging from culinary masterpieces to more homegrown dishes , our 11 selections will delight the tastebuds of foodies one last time before the New Year .
Cafe Lemon Bleu : 6275 University Drive , Suite 24 , 256-971-2222
Hours : Weekdays , 7 a.m.-3 p.m. ; Sunday , 8 a.m.-3 p.m .
Recommendations : Omelets , fries , turkey burger
This cheery , locally owned breakfast/lunch cafe in the Target shopping center on University Drive is a real gem . Omelet fillings include the standards plus cilantro , leeks , Yukon gold potatoes , basil cream cheese , feta , smoked gouda or salmon . One delicious omelet of the day included mushrooms , onions , green pepper and white Vermont cheddar .
Broken yolk sandwiches - two eggs cooked medium served on your choice of toast , can include bacon , cheddar , brie , sautéed mushrooms , pepper jack or avocado .
Lunch sandwiches ( $ 6.50- $ 7.50 ) include chicken salad , turkey breast , tarragon shallot egg salad , lentil pate ( with cucumbers , pea sprouts and blue cheese spread ) , BLT with fresh mozzarella , red onion and Dijon sauce .
Croque sandwiches ( traditional French grilled sandwich , the menu explains ) are $ 7.50- $ 8 with ingredients like ham , Swiss , leeks , brie , avocado , turkey or creamy bechamel sauce .
Happy Tummy : 2211 Seminole Drive at Lowe Mill 's first floor , 256-348-8132
Hours : Wednesday , Thursday and Saturday , noon to 6 p.m. ; Friday , noon to 8 p.m .
Recommendations : That 's the Last Straw , Mexi-Creek Quesadilla , Taterdilla , Bad Apple and a homemade Hello Dolly .
Owner Catherine Shearer is n't afraid of spicing up dull and conventional sandwiches and quesadillas with their flavorful and eyebrow-raising concoctions .
Located on the first floor of Lowe Mill Arts and Entertainment , the Happy Tummy specializes in unique creations all for under $ 10 . And it always has specials each week , so check its website and sign up for its weekly newsletter sent via e-mail .
Wraps include items such as the Jalalicious ( $ 5 ) with turkey and jalapeno cream cheese , the Muy Grande Greek Wrap ( $ 5 ) with a black bean-garbanzo bean spread and artichokes , olives , lettuce and onion . There 's a plethora of signature sandwiches to choose from $ 5 to $ 9 like the Stars Falafel on Alabama ( $ 5.50 ) , You Are What You Eat ( $ 6 ) and Korean barbecue ( $ 6 ) .
Do n't forget about the basic burger , hot dog and the not-so-ordinary quesadilla options , ranging from $ 2 to $ 6 . And , most importantly , the delectable sweets like a homemade Hello Dolly at $ 2 .
Commerce Kitchen : 100 Southside Square , 256-382-6622
Hours : Monday-Friday , 11 a.m.-4 p.m. ; Monday-Saturday , 5-10 p.m .
Recommendations : Fried chicken , daily specials
The new restaurant on the Madison County Courthouse Square combines down-home food with some upscale twists .
That does n't mean it 's crazy expensive , but not fast-food cheap , either - a pork chop dinner is $ 18 , fried chicken dinner $ 15 . It 's served in a beautiful setting with a full bar and extensive wine list .
The Plate of the Day is available every day but Sunday : Monday - chicken pot pie , $ 15 ; Tuesday - fisherman 's basket , $ 16 ; Wednesday - pot roast , $ 18 ; Thursday - bratwurst and sauerkraut , $ 16 ; Friday - broiled main lobster , $ 26 ; Saturday - prime rib chop , $ 23 .
Dinner entrees range from $ 12 for a burger to $ 23 for fried flounder with coleslaw . The Creole salmon comes with grilled scallions and basmati rice for $ 19 ; fried flounder with coleslaw for $ 23 . Steaks come with mashed potatoes and a vegetable .
The lunch menu offers a good way to sample the restaurant for $ 10- $ 15 . Choices under $ 10 are chicken salad on toast points , fried green tomato BLT , country ham and fried egg sandwich , Caesar salad , spinach salad or burger with Parmesan fries .
The Eaves : 501 Church St. , 256-489-1752
Hours : Monday-Friday , 11 a.m.- 2 p.m. ; Sunday brunch , 10:30 a.m.-2 p.m .
Recommendations : Salads , sandwiches , Sunday brunch
The Sunday brunch is one of the best in town . The omelet with avocado , crumbled bacon and brie is a melange of intense flavors that will get your day off to a wonderful start .
Weekday lunches are their bread-and-butter . The salad menu ( 19 choices from $ 8.99- $ 12.95 ) is a who's-who of fabulous ingredients like Szechwan noodles , couscous , ahi tuna , jerk chicken , macadamia nuts , grilled bok choy , wasabi-cream vinaigrette , mango , salmon and more . Specific ones include a chopped BLT , Nicoise , grilled Caesar and Cobb . The Tiki has grilled chicken , mixed greens , cucumbers , green onions , red and yellow peppers , green beans , carrots , mango , crisp wontons , macadamia nuts and sesame in a tropical dressing .
The Caribbean salad includes jerk chicken or shrimp , mixed greens , bell pepper , pineapple and shredded coconut topped with `` island vinaigrette '' and banana chips .
Sandwiches ( 19 of those , too ) cost $ 9.25 to $ 13.95 . You 'll find a Muffaletta , chicken salad , grilled steak , vegetarian and burger among them .
Cafe Olivia at Across the Pond : 7004 N. Memorial Parkway , 256-852-7335
Hours : Monday-Saturday , 10:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. ; Sunday , noon to 5 p.m. ( a light menu with cold sandwiches , tea , coffee , ice cream , etc . )
Recommendations : Pesto chicken panini , French dip panini , turkey , apple butter and brie panini , chilled cucumber dill soup , homemade bread pudding with café au lait .
Now there are more reasons to visit Across the Pond besides gazing at the gargantuan koi , the pair of iguanas , birds and the outdoor fixtures one wishes to have to embellish their abodes .
Paninis , which are all served on homemade focaccia bread with a choice of a small garden salad , kettle chips , a fresh fruit cup or the soup of the day ( an additional $ 1.25 ) , are quite large and can easily be shared . Amid a selection of eight different kinds of the pressed sandwiches , sample the caprese ( $ 7.25 ) , pesto chicken ( $ 8.25 ) , roast beef and basil ( $ 8.75 ) , and the ham , apple and gruyere ( $ 8.25 ) .
Simple deli sandwiches are offered and so are fresh-made soup specials , such as the chilled cucumber dill soup in the summer . For desserts , folks can choose between different flavors of Blue Bell ice cream , milkshakes and , wait for it , homemade bread pudding . Various flavors are made fresh daily , and we just so happened to dine on blueberry day .
Pair either a slab of bread pudding ( $ 5.25 ) or a dessert panini ( $ 5.50 ) with a cup of warm café au lait and you will have it made .
Chef Will the Palate : 2211 Seminole Drive at Lowe Mill in the white trailer , 256-617-6052
Hours : Tuesday-Thursday , noon to 6 p.m. ; Friday , noon to 8 p.m. ; Saturday , 9 a.m. to 6 p.m .
Recommendations : The roma tomato , garlic , basil and three-cheese brochette ; the curry quinoa lettuce wraps ; blackened edamame salad and anything with portobellos , such as their vegetarian pizzas on Fred Bread .
Located on Lowe Mill 's grounds inside the kitchen trailer that was once occupied by the Happy Tummy before its big move to the first floor , the Palate is Huntsville 's answer to tasty and delicious vegetarian cuisine with - wait for it - gluten-free options .
Options such as the roma tomato , garlic , basil and three-cheese brochette on Fred Bread ( $ 4.50 ) , the curry quinoa lettuce wraps ( $ 6 ) and Chef Will 's California rolls with their signature `` bee sting '' ( $ 5 ) serve as great starters and even entrees .
Try the blackened edamame bean salad ( $ 7 ) , the blackened portobello over jasmine rice ( $ 7 and red Indian rice is another option ) , and the fruit salsa salad ( $ 7 ) . Other menu items include gluten-free roma pasta ( $ 8 ) , blackened tofu over either jasmine or red Indian rice ( $ 7 ) , a portobello burger and an avocado , sprout and cucumber sandwich ( $ 5 ) .
Since Chef Will is a “ locavore ” and cooks with locally grown produce , entrees vary by season , so give them a ring for their latest signature and healthy dishes .
Voodoo Lounge Bar and Grill : 110 South Side Square , 256-539-0335
Hours : Monday-Friday , 4 p.m. to 2 a.m. ; Saturday , 7 p.m. to 2 a.m. , Sunday , 8 p.m. to 2 a.m .
Recommendations : Grilled cheese , BHLT , grilled chicken quesadilla , wok-friend green beans , fried dill pickles and fried mushrooms .
Many bars are n't known for great food , but when you 're hungry beggars ca n't be choosers . The Voodoo Lounge , which is already on my list of top places for the Rocket City nightlife scene , constitutes a trifecta - great beer selection , awesome bands and delish bar food . And they serve food until 1 a.m. , a major plus .
For appetizers , start with the wok-fried green beans ( $ 5 ) , fried dill pickles ( $ 5.50 ) and the fried mushrooms ( $ 6.50 ) . The Phiddle fries ( $ 6.50 for a small and $ 7.50 for a large order ) are also a hit according to the Voodoo folks with a basket seasoned fries topped with ranch dressing , hot sauce , bacon and cheddar and pepperjack cheese .
For sandwiches , try the BHLT ( $ 7.25 ) - bacon , ham , lettuce and tomato - and the grilled chicken quesadilla ( $ 7.50 ) . My friend raved about the quesadilla - made with cheddar and Monterey jack cheeses , onions , tomato , hot sauce and a side of ranch or sour cream - claiming it was `` the best '' they have had in Huntsville and the BHLT is phenomenal , especially with an ice-cold glass of Monkeynaut IPA . All sandwiches are also served with chips and a pickle , but you can substitute fries for $ 1 .
Voodoo 's menu also includes the Voodoo burger ( $ 6.75 ) , a 12-inch buffalo chicken wrap ( $ 9.75 ) , pizzas and a house salad ( $ 6 ) .
Clementine 's : 600 O'Shaughnessy Ave. , 256-512-0697
Hours : Monday-Friday , 11 a.m.-2:30 p.m .
Recommendations : Salad plates , sandwiches
When most people think of Clementine 's , they probably picture the popular salad plates at lunch . Chicken salad alone comes in at least eight varieties with ingredients that include egg , grapes , pecans , artichokes , black beans , apples , asparagus , bell peppers and more . This is the best selection of chicken salad in town and some of the best tasting , particularly the rich artichoke chicken and fruity varieties .
Potato salad comes Southern mustard-style or with fat-free sour cream and a generous sprinkling of tasty dill ( the creamy one is best ) . Pasta salads can include vegetables , shrimp or tortellini .
For salad platters , $ 5.95 gets you one scoop , $ 7.50 two scoops and $ 8.95 three .
If you 'd rather go the salad or sandwich route , you can pick ham , turkey , roast beef , pimento choose , tuna and the like for $ 4- $ 4.50 . Salads start at $ 6.95 with chicken , shrimp or fried tenders .
Paninis are a great choice , and the bread is n't tough , a problem with some .
Watercress : 365 The Bridge St. , 256-585-3265
Hours : Monday-Sunday , 11 a.m.-3 p.m. ; Monday-Sunday , 5 p.m.-close
Recommendations : Scallops , tomato soup .
Lunch entrees cost $ 12 for shrimp and grits or a veggie plate or up to $ 18 for a grilled pork chop . The veggie plate is impressive with grilled portobello mushroom , creamed corn quinoa and braised greens . Dishes in between are panko-fried chicken , chili-seared yellowfin tuna or Black Angus sirloin . The $ 18 seared sea scallops come with basmati rice pilaf , greens and a veggie mix . You can get Kobe sliders for $ 12 or a burger for $ 9 .
The scallops cost $ 26 at dinner with roasted cherry tomatoes , mixed mushroom ragout and Parmesan herb polenta . Their flavor is fresh , delicate and creamy , the gold standard for scallops .
Entrees top out at market price for the day catch , but the rest are $ 20 to $ 26 . The entree version of crab cakes costs $ 20 , catfish $ 18 , chili-seared tuna $ 24 .
For meat lovers , the `` chopping block '' selections come with one side , one vegetable and one sauce . It 's nice not to have to pay for items a la carte .
Kadie 's Bakery and Deli : 7560 Wall Triana Highway , Madison , 256-325-2253 , go2kadies @ gmail.com
Hours : Monday , Wednesday and Friday , 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. ; Tuesday and Thursday , 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. ; Saturday , 8 a.m. to 3 p.m .
Recommendations : Jamaican jerk chicken , pesto turkey , Santa Fe turkey , Reuben , chicken salad , muffaletta , pecan bars and all tasty baked goods .
Albuquerque , N.M. , native Katie Gustwiller opened Kadie 's Bakery and Deli in Madison in July after noticing the lack of homegrown restaurants in the area . So , they combined their passion for cooking with the community 's needs and , bam , a full menu of signature sandwiches representative of different regions with homemade tasty treats .
Be aware the display case filled with pecan bars , savory muffins , cheesecake , cupcakes , doughnut muffins with raspberry fillings , holiday muffins and pies can be both hypnotizing and mesmerizing while placing your order at the register .
All paninis and sandwiches are served with a pickle spear and chips , but additional sides include the scrumptious deviled egg potato salad ( $ 2.19 to $ 3.69 ) . Them menu also includes an array of salads ranging from a classic Caesar ( $ 6.99 ) to Greek ( $ 7.99 ) . Popular sellers are the Santa Fe turkey ( $ 7.89 ) , the Cuban ( $ 7.89 ) , Jamaican jerk chicken panini ( $ 7.69 ) , pesto turkey panini ( $ 7.69 ) and mouth-watering muffaletta ( $ 8.89 ) .
Breakfast menu items include the Western-influenced carne adovado burrito ( $ 5.39 ) to the more classic croissant egg sandwich ( $ 5.89 ) . Catering and pick-up orders are welcomed .
Anaheim Chili : 2030 Cecil Ashburn Drive , Suite 102 , 256-489-5531
Hours : Monday-Sunday , 11 a.m. to 9 p.m .
Recommendations : Texas Spring Rolls , Black Bean Chili , Habanero Cheese Cornbread
The menu 's main attraction is , of course , the 10 different flavors of chili . A clear description of each chili includes the base ingredients , the spices , a designation of mild , medium or hot along with any garnish . Chili can be ordered in 6-ounce cups , 10-ounce bowls or large 20-ounce bowls . Double and triple cups , as well as double bowls , make it easy to sample more than one flavor .
Beyond the chili , Anaheim offers baked and fried wings , a fun mix of appetizers and side dishes and a nice selection of sandwiches and burgers . There is a wide selection of beer on tap , including a handful of local brews . For a family outing , there are a half dozen kid-friendly options that include a drink and a cookie .
Anaheim Chili uses spices to create unique flavor combinations , not to set your mouth on fire . We could taste the emphasis on fresh ingredients in everything we ate . The reasonable prices left us feeling like we got a lot of value for our money .
The province 's budget crisis now has a symbol : the empty shell of Ontario Place 's iconic Cinesphere , water park and amusement rides . As first disclosed by the Star , the Liberals have also turned to former Progressive Conservative leader John Tory to lead a volunteer advisory panel to report back by May on the future of the 51-hectare white elephant .
Ontario Place , which opened in 1971 , has seen attendance decline in recent years . ( BORIS SPREMO / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO ) Wed. Feb. 1 2012 - Talk radio host John Tory answers reporters questions on Wednesday after they were named head of a panel to revitalize Ontario Place . ( Tanya Talaga/Toronto Star )
“ The park does not draw enough people to its gates to keep it sustainable in its current form , ” Finance Minister Dwight Duncan said Wednesday at Queen 's Park . Senior officials insist the land would not be sold off outright nor is a casino likely to be built there — though they concede gambling facilities could open at adjacent city-owned Exhibition Place , which has better parking and transit access . Ontario Place 's Atlantis Pavilion , the Molson Amphitheatre and marina will remain open while the familiar white geodesic dome that houses the Cinesphere , one of the world 's first IMAX theatres , is shuttered along with the Soak City water park , and the various rides .
Article Continued Below
Tourism Minister Michael Chan said Tory — and David Livingston , president and CEO of Infrastructure Ontario , among others — would “ crunch the data ” from ideas submitted to the government in September 2010 as part of a formal request for information from prospective developers and partners . There were 36 proposals — none of which the government can reveal because some involve proprietary information from competing firms — ranging from condos to a floating hotel , casino and other attractions . “ Ontario Place has been studied to death , ” said Chan , adding they want the site available for the 2015 Pan Am Games and totally renewed by 2017 in time for Canada 's 150th birthday celebrations . For their part , Tory said they seek “ something as dynamic and forward-looking as Ontario Place was in 1971 , ” borrowing from ideas in public spaces like Chicago 's Millennium Park . “ You want to do it in a way that will create jobs , is going to create an attraction , is going to add to this city and to this province and is going to be financially viable . So in that sense the paper is blank … there 's no preconceived notion , ” they said .
Tory , PC leader from 2004 until 2009 and runner-up to David Miller in the 2003 Toronto mayoral contest , could also be able to break the traditional logjam with city hall , which owns and operates Exhibition Place . “ You would n't develop one side of the street into something new and not talk to the people on the other side of the street , so hopefully those discussions will bear some fruit , ” said the Newstalk 1010 host and CivicAction chair .
Article Continued Below
Councillor Mark Grimes , chair of Exhibition Place , welcomed Tory 's appointment , saying it helps toward the “ physical integration ” of the two waterfront properties through closer city-provincial cooperation . “ It should be looked at as one property , but not with one taking over the other , ” said Grimes . “ I would love to work with the province and John Tory as chair. ” Ontario Place was a pet project of Tory 's mentor , former PC premier Bill Davis , who governed from 1971 to 1985 . “ John Tory is a good guy who wears a Toronto and an Ontario hat first and foremost before a partisan hat , ” said PC MPP Peter Shurman ( Thornhill ) . NDP MPP Gilles Bisson said Tory is “ an honourable man , ” but they expressed alarm that a public asset may be privatized . But Ontario Place board chair Joe Halstead touted the “ the beginning of a new era. ” Underutilized for decades , attendance has sunk to as low as 300,000 visitors a year , down from its 1970s heyday when annual crowds of 2.5 million made it an institution . With files from Rob Ferguson and David Rider
Read more about :
Actor George Clooney has hit out at presidential hopeful Donald Trump , declaring they will never make it to the White House .
Speaking from the Cannes Film Festival , where they are promoting their latest film Money Minute , Clooney made their disdain for the Republican candidate clear .
“ There 's not going to be a President Donald Trump , ” Clooney said to cheers from the crowd .
“ That 's not going to happen .
Clooney said Trump 's campaign would fail because it was centred on scaring the American people .
“ It 's not going to happen because fear is not going to be something that drives our country , ” they said .
“ We 're not going to be scared of Muslims , or immigrants or women . ”
They went on to point the finger at the media , claiming Trump caused the media to focus too much on ratings and not enough on journalism .
“ Trump is actually a result in many ways of the fact that much of the news programs did n't follow up and ask tough questions , that 's the truth , ” they said .
“ It 's really easy because your numbers go up .
“ The ratings go up because they can show an empty podium saying ‘ Donald Trump is about to speak ' as opposed to taking those 30 seconds and saying ‘ let 's talk about refugees ' . ”
Clooney is a long-time supporter of Hillary Clinton .
In April they and their wife Amal Clooney held a fundraiser at their home for the Democrat , where they raised what they described to NBC as an “ obscene amount of money ” for their campaign .
Tickets to the event reportedly cost $ 353,400 per couple . It was attended by Jane Fonda , Jim Parsons , and Ellen DeGeneres and their wife Portia de Rossi .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Data Platform
This is the Open Power System Data platform . We provide European power system data in five packages :
Data availability overview
Time series List of power plants National
generation
capacity Weather
data Prices Load Wind Solar Renewable Conventional AT 2015+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ BE 2015+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ CH 2015+ 2007+ 2015+ 2015+ KEV plants Hydro , nuclear CZ 2015+ 2006+ 2012+ 2012+ > 100 MW DE 2005+ 2006+ 2012+ 2012+ EEG plants > 10 MW DK 2006+ 2010+ 2014+ 2014+ Wind , solar ES 2015+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ FI 2015+ 2010+ 2015+ 2015+ FR 2015+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ IT 2015+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ NL 2015+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ NO 2006+ 2006+ 2015+ 2015+ > 100 MW PL 2015+ 2008+ 2013+ 2015+ Centrally dispatched units SE 2006+ 2005+ 2005+ 2011+ > 100 MW UK 2015+ 2011+ 2015+ 2015+ 20+ more
Need help ? Want more information ?
Attribution in Chicago author-date style should be given as follows : `` Open Power System Data . [ Year ] . Data Package [ Data package Title ] . Version [ version ] . [ URL ] . [ ( remark on primary sources ) ] . ''
Disclaimer : Data might be subject to copyright or related rights . Please consult the primary data owner .
The California men 's gymnastics ' team has taken charge in the cleanup of the Berkeley community with a marina trash-cleanup this past weekend .
Led by first-year student gymnast Haden McCarey , the entire Golden Bears ' team spent most of Saturday at the Berkeley Marina cleaning up trash and waste that had been left or had made its way down Strawberry Creek .
“ It 's important to keep our community clean , but also prevent the dangerous waste from getting to ocean and into animal habitats , ” McCarey said . “ It 's also a fun way to get out and do something . ”
The team first became involved when McCarey reached out to the city of Berkeley 's Nature Center organization . They then came by practice and showed the team a video of the problems animals in the ocean face when trash invades their habitats .
“ It 's our responsibility to help them , ” McCarey said . “ It really puts things into perspective . ”
This is n't the first year that the gymnastics team has been involved with the marina cleanup . A few years ago the team did a similar cleanup project . However , McCarey is hoping community service becomes a constant identity for the men 's gymnastics team .
Along with being a pre-business student-athlete , McCarey , a native of Mesa , Arizona , is also an Eagle Scout . They have been involved in community service projects their whole life . He 's done everything from mowing neighbors ' lawns to hanging elderly families ' Christmas lights , to even painting 300 fire hydrants .
McCarey , though , said they and the team thoroughly enjoyed the marina cleanup project and are hoping to continue doing it at least once a year .
“ It 's a perfect way to get out and do something and have fun as a team while doing it , ” McCarey said . “ It 's a simple thing that can make a big difference . ”
In the past week we got news of two very significant moves by the nation 's largest teacher 's union ( and actually the largest union of any kind ) . The National Education Association 's Political Action Committee voted to recommend an endorsement of Barack Obama , and the NEA Board of Directors approved a statement adjusting their stance on teacher evaluations . Both of these recommendations must be ratified by the Representative Assembly , which will meet in Chicago during the first week of July .
To put this in perspective , the National Education Association has more than three million members in the US . That is about one percent of the country 's population . It is the largest and most powerful labor organization in the country . And , I should note , I have been a dues-paying member for the past 24 years .
On the Possible Endorsement of Barack Obama
If the response to Secretary Duncan 's letter last week is any indication , I am not alone in my belief that the Obama administration has been a colossal disappointment in the education arena . I was a supporter of Obama three years ago , and walked my precinct during the primary , and organized a fundraiser attended by dozens of educators . But as I have made clear in this space many times over the past year and a half , Obama has failed to deliver on their campaign rhetoric , or even on their CURRENT rhetoric .
I am not sure what has motivated the NEA to seek such an early endorsement of Obama . But the NEA is a democratic organization , and the Representative Assembly is there to allow the members to have their say .
The Obama administration gets some credit for delivering a bailout to the nation 's schools a year ago , but the response I am hearing from my fellow NEA members indicates some serious misgivings about this early endorsement . Has President Obama earned our support ? Are we giving up leverage we might have in the next year to finally reset federal policies as No Child Left Behind collapses of its own weight ?
On the Use of Test Scores for Teacher Evaluation
Which leads us to the next political statement from the union , focused on teacher evaluation . The critical paragraph reads as follows :
iii . Indicators of Contribution to Student Learning and Growth demonstrating a teacher 's impact on student learning and growth . Such indicators must be authentic , reflect that there are multiple factors that impact a student 's learning beyond a teacher 's control , and may include the following indicators or others chosen by a local or state affiliate : student learning objectives developed jointly by the teacher and principal/evaluator ; teacher-created assessments , district or school assessments , student work ( papers , portfolios , projects , presentations ) ; teacher defined objectives for individual student growth ; and valid , reliable , high quality standardized tests that provide meaningful information regarding student learning and growth .
This statement is perfectly fine until the last fifteen words . So far , no research has demonstrated the existence of `` valid , reliable , high quality standardized tests '' that are appropriate for the use of evaluating teachers . The use of test scores for evaluation of teachers is one of the major goals of the Department of Education - even as they profess to abhor high stakes for test scores . I do not need to rehash all the research into this practice , except to say that thus far , it has not worked , even to raise test scores ! It does , however , threaten to further narrow the curriculum for our most vulnerable students in high poverty schools .
As I mentioned , both of these recommendations must be ratified by the several thousand rank and file teachers who will attend the Representative Assembly this summer . There is already some vigorous discussion taking place , and there will be more when these issues are brought to the floor in July . That is one of the great things about a democratic union . The members have a real say !
What do you think of the NEA 's Political Action Committee 's recommendation to endorse President Obama ? How about the statement on teacher evaluation ?
Some recent articles on benzodiazepine use 1 , 2 have been followed by one more wave of negative publicity about these medications , sometimes calling for more regulations of their prescribing 3 Is this criticism deserved and what is its basis ?
The recent article by Olfson et al 1 does not really provide any new information about benzodiazepines . It simply informs us about the approximate percentage of U.S. adults who used these drugs in 2008 , and differences between genders and age groups . It does not suggest any rising epidemics in prescribing of benzodiazepines , as there is none . Indeed , prescribing of benzodiazepines for mood and anxiety disorders decreased in the U.S. between 2001 ( 90 mil prescriptions ) and 2007 ( 85 mil prescriptions ) , while population had increased .
Regarding insomnia , Olfson et al 1 only echo some concerns raised in the past . They quote a 11 year old National Institute for Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) guidance 4 for the use of zaleplon , zolpidem and zopiclone ( not benzodiazepines ) , recommending the use of hypnotics only on short‐term basis for severe and impairing insomnia and only after careful consideration of nonpharmacological options . The recommendation of using nonpharmacological options is fine for brief , situational , intermittent insomnia . Yet , recommending only a short‐term treatment for severe impairing insomnia is not clinically suitable . Insomnia is now considered a chronic disorder : its definition specifies duration of at least 3 months . In clinical practice , we usually do not treat chronic illness for a brief period of time . The requirement of only a brief use of hypnotics in insomnia was removed from most regulatory materials . Actually , we do not have enough long‐term studies available . Some “ long‐term ” studies ( only 6 months ) actually suggest that prolonged treatment with eszopiclone 5 and zolpidem 6 improves daytime concentration , work performance and patient satisfaction . Unfortunately , we do not have similar studies with benzodiazepines , but their long‐standing use for this indication by clinicians suggests similar conclusions . Last but not least , the relationship between insomnia and depression is bidirectional 7 , since untreated insomnia may lead to depression .
Benzodiazepines provide an effective treatment of anxiety disorders 8-10 . Their use has been in part supplanted by selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) , interestingly without any supporting evidence of superior efficacy or better safety data . Indeed , when benzodiazepines and antidepressants were directly compared in controlled trials , a superiority of the former in both efficacy and side effect profile emerged 11 . For instance , in Nardi et al 's comparison of clonazepam vs. paroxetine in panic disorder 12 , 13 , the benzodiazepine was not only faster and better during the short‐term treatment , but remained effective in long‐term ( 3 years ) treatment , when tolerance developed to its sedative effect , while side effects of paroxetine such as sexual dysfunction and weight gain remained an issue . The original observation of non‐responsiveness of panic disorder to benzodiazepines ( in contrast to imipramine ) was probably mainly due to the usage of subtherapeutic doses of those drugs .
The potentials for dependency , toxicity and abuse of benzodiazepines have been emphasized in the literature , yet the percentage of abuse is really low in relation to the number of people using them 14 . Also , as Greenblatt et al 8 pointed out , since benzodiazepines do not cure neither anxiety nor insomnia , symptom recurrence can be anticipated after their discontinuation , and many critics may have mixed in their observations symptoms of withdrawal with recurrence of the anxiety disorder symptomatology .
Furthermore , the withdrawal phenomena that occur with SSRIs 15 and atypical antipsychotics 16 have been frequently ignored . In the case of SSRIs , these phenomena have been termed “ discontinuation syndromes ” , but are in no way milder or less troublesome than those entailed by benzodiazepines 15 .
Concerns have been also raised about relationships between benzodiazepines and events such as risk of falling and car accidents , and dementia 2 , 3 . However , at least some of these relationships could be spurious 17 , and it seems premature to conclude that benzodiazepines are a causative factor in a multidimensional disorder such as Alzheimer 's disease . These concerns also ignore the fact that benzodiazepine side effect profile is in many aspects very favorable compared to the long‐term use of SSRIs and antipsychotics . Unfortunately , the use of antipsychotics in generalized anxiety disorder has greatly increased in the U.S. , as it seems that general practitioners falsely believe that these drugs are safer than benzodiazepines .
There have been also calls for more restrictions on prescribing benzodiazepines . More control and restrictions do not usually work well , as we have seen in the case of boxed warning about suicidality associated with antidepressants . Benzodiazepines are actually controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act in the U.S .. Further regulation of prescribing benzodiazepines using so‐called triplicate prescriptions was abandoned in some U.S. states after this regulation led to an increase in prescriptions of barbiturates , meprobamate and other more toxic medications .
Many concerns have been also raised about prescribing benzodiazepines for the elderly . However , as pointed out by Salzman and Shader , “ experienced geriatric clinicians often find that judicious use of low‐dose , short half‐life benzodiazepines reduces stress , promotes daytime functioning , and assists in sleep onset ; elderly patients themselves report that they would gladly forgo short‐term memory reduction in exchange for a calmer daytime and reliable sleep onset ” ( 17 , p. 2 ) .
How and why did we get to our profession 's negative view of benzodiazepines , a view which is not necessarily shared by other disciplines ? A part of the problem is a different perspective by different clinicians . As noticed by Starcevic 10 , clinicians working in settings for the treatment of substance use disorders tend to take a “ harsh ” stand on long‐term use of benzodiazepines , while clinicians working with patients with anxiety and related disorders may be more willing to see the “ good side ” . We would like to add that , unfortunately , when new medications are introduced , their “ superior ” profile is suddenly promoted and marketed , even if the evidence concerning their superiority to existing medications is unclear or not available , especially since comparison to a gold standard is no longer required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , and superiority to placebo is considered satisfactory .
It is worth mentioning that a provision in the U.S . Affordable Care Act that the pharmaceutical industry successfully defeated was the plan to compare efficacy of cheap vs. expensive medications . Is it possible that cheap benzodiazepines would fare better in anxiety disorders than some expensive new antidepressants and antipsychotics ? We can probably guess the answer , but we would prefer systematic studies to be done .
In conclusion , clinicians know that benzodiazepines , like any other medications , are unlikely to entail permanent and definitive solutions to chronic anxiety states , insomnia and other conditions . However , as stated by Starcevic ( 10 , p. 1283 ) , “ the likely reasons for their ongoing popularity include their consistent and reliable effectiveness for the most prominent symptoms of anxiety , relatively good tolerability , quick onset of action , possibility of using them on an ‘ as‐needed ' basis and the realization that the newer antidepressants have not been as useful for anxiety and related disorders as they had initially seemed to be ” .
Physicians should remain free to prescribe benzodiazepines like any other psychotropic medications . Suggesting simplistic measures for complex clinical issues is not an answer . Informed prescribing rooted in critical thinking is .
Oasis man says there 's a lack of `` spirit '' in modern pop music
Noel Gallagher has attacked what they deem as the lack of “ spirit ” from today 's pop acts , saying that fame is “ wasted ” on music 's biggest acts apart from Kanye West .
The former Oasis star took aim at the likes of One Direction in an interview for the latest issue of Esquire , out now .
“ I 'll tell you what 's wrong . Fame 's wasted on these cunts today , ” Gallagher in quoted as saying .
“ Bar Kanye . You watch them on the MTV Awards and you think , ‘ You can fucking stay , you 're alright ' . ”
Gallagher added : “ Does anybody give a fuck about what any of these current pop stars are up to ? Who gives a shit what fucking One Direction do ? Cocksuckers , all of them in rehab by the time they 're 30 . ”
“ Harry Styles has got nothing to say for themselves – nothing . ‘ You alright , mate ? ' “ Uhhh. ” That 's it . The gig will never die because you ca n't download it . You ca n't download spirit . ”
They continued : “ Who gives a shit what Ellie Goulding is up to ? Really ? Adele , what ? Blows my fucking mind . It blows my fucking mind . Nobody cares ! Fame 's wasted on them , with their fucking in-ear monitors and their electronic cigarettes . And their fragrances that they 're bringing out for Christmas . You fucking dicks . ”
Sharethrough ( Mobile )
The guitarist also described the decision of ex-One Direction singer Zayn Malik to leave the pop group as foolish : “ For the likes of me who persevered from an early age to play the fucking guitar and write songs and practice and practice and practice , I 'll be fine . God help Zayn Malik . ”
Gallagher previously called Malik a “ fucking idiot ” for parting ways with the band .
Press
Meanwhile , it has been confirmed that both Noel and Liam Gallagher will take part in an upcoming Oasis documentary made by the team behind this year 's Amy Winehouse biopic .
James Gay-Rees of production company On The Corner and director Asif Kapadia will follow up their work on the hugely successful Amy with a new flick charting the rise of the Britpop band right from their early days . Filmmakers are said to have been given “ unprecedented ” access to the band and unseen archive footage .
Kapadia will act as executive-director on the film with Mat Whitecross ( Spike Island ) to direct .
As the Obama White House continues to flesh out its strategy for combating the Islamic State , the terrorist group that has claimed much of Iraq and Syria , rest assured knowing that the U.S. is in the best of hands .
Or maybe not .
Consider the following statement , which was made Thursday by a senior White House official during a conference call [ emphasis added ] :
I guess I would just add one thing on the coalition question — and I think this is important to really focus on , which is to say , in discussions with governments in the region , notably the Saudis and the Jordanians , what is clear is that we have a very common view of this threat . And this is really quite unusual . ISIL has been I think a galvanizing threat around the Sunni partners in the region .
They view it as an existential threat to them . Saudi Arabia has an extensive border with Syria . The Jordanians are experiencing a destabilizing impact of over a million refugees from the Syrian conflict , and are profoundly concerned that ISIL , who has stated that their ambitions are not confined to Iraq and Syria , but rather to expand to the broader region .
Oh , dear .
Here , let 's clear up exactly what 's incorrect in that statement , which was prompted by a larger discussion on the Obama administration 's attempts to recruit allies to help it fight the Islamic State :
But do n't worry : The country 's in the best of hands .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — Ron Rivera said he 's not turned into a riverboat gambler . But the Panthers third-year head coach said he 's learning that winning football games means sometimes means stepping out of their comfort zone and taking a few risks .
Those risks were rewarded on Sunday .
Rivera , a former defensive coordinator who tends to be conservative by nature , stepped out on a limp Sunday by going for it on fourth and 1 twice on Carolina 's opening drive . The result was a touchdown that set the tone for Carolina 's 35-10 rout of Minnesota — and possibly ushered in an era of a new , more aggressive Rivera .
`` Sometimes you play by the book and you miss opportunities , '' Rivera said .
Rivera said they purposely made a concerted effort to be aggressive in their game decisions on Sunday in the red zone , saying the Panthers ( 2-3 ) can no longer afford to settle for field goals instead of touchdowns . They said part of that was playing on the road in a hostile environment against what they felt was a potentially explosive Vikings offense .
`` As a defensive coordinator you look at it one way and then putting on the hat of a head coach you have to look at it from a different perspective , '' Rivera said . `` And it 's something that I 've kind of grown into . ''
Or rather , something he 's growing into .
Rivera was criticized for their decision in week two to not go for a fourth and 1 late in Buffalo territory with the Panthers leading by three .
They settled for a field goal and the Bills drove the length of the field to win the game 24-23 on a last-second touchdown pass by EJ Manuel .
A different Rivera showed up at the Metrodome on Sunday .
The Panthers were aggressive all day and never let the Vikings establish any momentum .
Cam Newton and their teammates said a big reason was Rivera 's decision to go for it on separate fourth and 1 situations from the Vikings 32 and 2 .
`` For them to trust us means a lot and it speaks volumes , '' quarterback Cam Newton said after the game . `` He is a defensive coach by nature , so they always have that conservative mentality . But I think that they are kind of breaking their mold to a degree , and giving the whole team confidence with him . ''
Newton followed up perhaps their worst game as a professional at Arizona with what Rivera called `` one of their best two or three games '' of their career against the Vikings , throwing for 242 yards and three touchdowns while running for 30 yards and another score .
Panthers guard Travelle Wharton said Monday they believe the decisions gave the offense a needed jolt of confidence .
`` I was excited , ' Wharton said . `` As an offensive lineman you live for those challenges to go for it , pick up the first down and keep the drive rolling . ''
Rivera said they plan to continue to coach more aggressively , a philosophy that has Newton and their teammates excited moving forward .
The Panthers host the St. Louis Rams ( 3-3 ) on Sunday .
`` II 's been an enlightening situation for me and one of the things I want to try to do is make sure we 're in the best position to win , '' Rivera said .
When a reporter asked Rivera about being dubbed `` Riverboat Ron , '' they chuckled and said , `` No , that 's not a gamble . It 's what I believe is a calculated attempt . ''
Rivera means it .
They have a checklist of 32 things they look at before every game ranging from where the game is being played to who they 're playing , how they 're moving the ball and whether they 're supposed to win the game or not .
Rivera said in the past most of their approach leaned toward being more conservative by nature when it came to going for it on fourth down .
`` Obviously my attitude has changed on a few of those points , '' Rivera said .
___
AP NFL website www.pro32.ap.org
___
Follow Steve Reed on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/SteveReedAP
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO/AP ) — Minnesota 's Supreme Court ruled that Gov . Mark Dayton 's veto of the operating budgets of the State House and Senate earlier this year will stand .
The ruling came down on Thursday amid a fierce legal battle between Dayton and the state 's Republican legislature .
The political bickering goes back to late May , when Dayton vetoed the Legislature 's $ 130 million operating budget while signing the rest of the new state budget .
The governor wanted lawmakers to rework tax breaks and other measures . GOP leaders then sued .
The Minnesota Supreme Court ruling did not weigh in on the constitutionality of Dayton 's veto , however .
Thursday 's decision hands Dayton a major legal victory as they seek to rework costly tax breaks and other measures they signed into law this spring as part of a new state budget .
And it leaves the Legislature on uncertain financial footing . However , the supreme court says that the legislature has the funds to operate until they reconvene in February .
The Legislature took initial steps earlier Thursday to free up enough money to continue paying members and staff . Top lawmakers say they may still run out of money in early 2018 .
Dayton issued a statement Thursday morning :
“ I am very pleased that the Supreme Court has upheld my line-item veto authority , which is established in the Minnesota Constitution . The Court has also found that the Legislature has access to at least $ 26 million to continue its full operations until it re-convenes in February . Therefore , there was no need for them to have initiated this lawsuit and imposed its costs on our state .
“ Thus , the Legislature has no reason to resume negotiations to restore its vetoed funds and to correct its excessive special interest tax reductions , which will jeopardize Minnesota 's future financial stability . So it is time for us all to agree that this dispute has been concluded and resume working together for the best interests of Minnesota . ”
WCCO 's Mary McGuire reports Republican Speaker of the House Kurt Daudt responded : “ We had hoped the Supreme Court would end this debacle and they have not . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
An Egyptian farmer squats on cracked soil of a farm previously irrigated by the Nile river , June 5 , 2013 .
The recent drought that began in 1998 in the eastern Mediterranean Levant region is probably the worst in 900 years , according to a new NASA report .
Scientists studied tree rings in the area , which includes Cyprus , Israel , Jordan , Lebanon , Syria , and Turkey , in order to reconstruct its drought history .
“ The magnitude and significance of human climate change requires us to really understand the full range of natural climate variability , ” said Ben Cook , lead author and climate scientist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies and the Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory at New York 's Columbia University .
The recent drought in the Levant , from 1998 to 2012 , is not only longer than usual but also about 50 percent drier than the driest period in the past 500 years , according to Cook , and 10 to 20 percent drier than the worst drought since 1100 .
The results are to be published in the Journal of Geophysical Research-Atmospheres , a publication of the American Geophysical Union .
The researchers found that in most cases , when the eastern Mediterranean is experiencing a drought , so is Western Europe , said Kevin Anchukaitis , co-author of the study and climate scientist at the University of Arizona in Tucson .
“ Both for modern society and certainly ancient civilizations , it means that if one region was suffering the consequences of the drought , those conditions are likely to exist throughout the Mediterranean basin , ” they said .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
“ The Mediterranean is one of the areas that is unanimously projected [ in climate models ] as going to dry in the future [ due to human-made climate change ] , ” said Yochanan Kushnir , a climate scientist at Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory , who was not involved in the research . “ This paper shows that the behavior during this recent drought period is different than what we see in the rest of the record , ” they said . The upshot is that the Levant region could already be feeling the effects of human-induced warming of the planet , NASA reported .
HEY . So November is a crazy month for everyone . The election . Thanksgiving . All the food , all the family .
The pie .
Which means I 'll be keeping this post short and sweet because I want you to download ALL THE FREE BOOKS below . It 's also the first time I 've done a blog post on my new website and already my brain hurts and I feel like I 've gotten an advanced degree in computer science .
First , the obvious . The website ! Does n't it look incredible ? It was created by a lovely and patient woman named Maggie at BookSparks . Thanks , Maggie ! I think it perfectly captures the vibe of my books : tropical , sexy , chill .
And , the news : the paperback of Tell Me a Story : the complete novel , drops on Nov. 14 ! SQUEE . You can pre-order it here on Amazon . Hit me up if you want a signed copy , I can magically make that happen .
Now , for the Awesomeness . I 'm participating in an InstaFreebie bundle with 12 other incredible authors . We 're calling it “ Forget Politics , # voteforlove . ”
What this means for you : all of the books are FREE until Nov. 12 . I know you probably already have Told Me a Story : Episode One , but if you do n't , you can download it below .
Please check out all the other stories — including a Pleasure Pairing Guide by my friend Thien-Kim Lam , who runs Bawdy Bookworms . Thien-Kim pairs romance novels with sexy surprises in a subscription box . Here 's a delicious pairing they did for my book .
Click on the links below to download the books ; all you need to do is sign up for the authors ' newsletters . A fair trade , if you ask me . There 's a range of genres and heat levels represented . And if you 're so inclined , share the graphics on this page to your favorite social media site with the hashtag # voteforlove .
Because that 's a platform we can all support .
Tell Me a Story by Tamara Lush ( Contemporary , Steamy )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/9nxaA
Hearts and Flours by Jennifer Sable ( Contemporary , Sweet )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/KqrDc
Seventh Inning Heat by Lyssa Kay Adams ( Contemporary , Steamy )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/iJjGu
Somewhere Warm by G.G . Andrew ( Contemporary , Steamy )
http : //www.instafreebie.com/free/Q0YAn
Blackberries in the Morning By Rebecca Brooks ( Contemporary , Steamy )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/PkymC
A Heartless Design by Elizabeth Cole ( Historical , Steamy )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/JCAMI
My Ex From Hell by Tellulah Darling ( YA , Romantic Comedy , Greek Mythology , Sweet )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/t4Pk0
A Matter of Trust by Kat Faitour ( Contemporary , Women 's Fiction , Steamy )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/S6Oln
Finding Hope by Stacy Finz ( Contemporary Small Town , Steamy )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/RIVkW
Pleasure Pairing Guide by Thien-Kim Lam/Bawdy Bookworms
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/Y6IrG
The Hart and the Hound by Erin McRae & Racheline Maltese ( Contemporary , Paranormal , Shifters , Hot )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/swqdr
Caveman by A.C. Rose ( Contemporary , Hot )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/UlPxx
The Girl Who Would n't Grow Up by Rachel Shane ( YA Contemporary Retelling , Sweet )
https : //www.instafreebie.com/free/H0O1n
HAPPY READING !
Save
Save
Save [ /fusion_text ]
Save
The most bitter disappointment was felt by France . Philippe Mille , the 34-year-old Frenchman who is the sous-chef at the three-star Paris restaurant Le Meurice , was a strong candidate , and many expected them to win . But their fish dish came out a minute late , which cost the French team 12 points in the scoring , according to a text message from their boss , three-star chef Yannick Alléno .
This year for the first time , the American team made a major effort to win the competition , with Mr. Bocuse enlisting Thomas Keller , chef of the French Laundry and of Per Se , in Manhattan , as the team 's president . Mr. Bocuse also arranged for Daniel Boulud , of Daniel and other renowned New York restaurants , to be the contest 's honorary president .
The team raised $ 500,000 and Mr. Hollingsworth was given a paid leave from the restaurant for more than three months . They trained 40 to 50 hours a week in a replica of the kitchen cubicle they would use in Lyon . They were coached by the chef Roland Henin , Mr. Keller 's mentor .
But in the end , the other teams were simply stronger this year .
The Norwegian team 's seafood creation included a loin of cod with lightly smoked scallop and cod belly , green pea spheres and brandade , a Playmobile-like construction of peas , prawns and onions ; red beet cube with Jerusalem artichokes and black truffles ; potato and leek with quail egg ; and reisling and horseradish emulsion .
For its meat creation , it served beef ribs with duck foie gras ; tenderloin with black truffles and oxtail with celeriac ; parsley root with spinach and glazed ox cheek ; green beans and artichokes ; a brown onion pyramid ; potato , black truffle and bone marrow ; and beef reduction with bay leaf and parsley .
Photo
For its seafood entry , the French team prepared a fillet cod garnished with citrus ; domes of prawns in Biarritz herbs ; cones of leeks and baby squid with sea urchin roe ; and tarts with scallops and baby spinach topped with a layer of caviar . The female commentator for the competition called the French seafood platter '' beautiful , '' adding that it had `` a lot of sharp angles . It looks dangerous and delicate at the same time . ''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For its meat entry , the French team presented a rib steak with barbecued grilled foie gras ; fillet of beef with tiny garden vegetables ; a three-dimensional angular creation of oxtail and caramelized celery ; braised beef cheeks with carrot topiary and a miniature shrub of leeks .
The meat dish , a tribute to André Le Nôtre , was aimed at evoking a French formal garden .
For its seafood entry , the American team played it safe . It prepared an olive oil poached loin of cod enveloped on scallop mousse , preserved Meyer lemon and Sicilian pistachios with citrus mousseline and shrimp nage . A poached cod -- a classic -- allows the chef to easily control the temperature and helps keeps the fish moist .
It also presented wild prawn and Haas avocado tarts with fennel compote , chili peppers and yuzu gelee ; agrumato custard with shellfish bouillon and candied orange zest ; and Yukon gold potato and bacon mille-feuille , with crème-fraiche-enriched King Richard Leeks , Hobbs bacon chip and a large dollop of Sacramento Delta Osetra caviar .
For its meat entry , it presented roasted beef rib-eye wrapped in applewood smoked bacon with prune-enriched oxtail jus ; rosette of Scottish beef fillet with Perigord truffles , celeriac and oxtail-endive marmalade ; glazed beef cheeks à l'etouffeé with garden turnips and sweet carrots grown in the garden of the French Laundry , the Napa Valley restaurant where Mr. Hollingsworth works ; calotte bresaola fumé à la minute with granny smith apples , savoy cabbage and horseradish mousse ; and truffled pommes Dauphinoise with California chestnuts , pickled red onion and celery brunch salad .
One component of the American beef dish was presented in stemmed crystal globes illuminated from below .
Photo
The judging follows a complex system . Twenty-four judges from 24 countries serve on either a meat or a fish jury . The highest and lowest scores given to each chef are disregarded and the rest are tallied to determine scores .
The quality of the food determines two-thirds of the score , 40 points ; presentation counts for 20 points . If there is a tie , another 20 points will be awarded based on factors like organization , teamwork , cleanliness and a lack of waste .
But judging on taste can be challenging , as it can take between eight to fifteen minutes between the time the food moves from their grand platters to the plates of the judges .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In between , the platters have to be showed to the judges , photographed and divided into individual portions for judging .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Cultural differences between the United States and France were on display in the kitchens of their chefs .
Mr. Hollingsworth , did squats and arm stretches to loosen up before the competition began ; Mr. Mille , paced the kitchen , rubbed their hands , adjusted their pants and retied their apron .
Photo
As the second and final day of the Bocuse d'Or cooking unfolded , the work of the American and French teams reflected their different approaches to the blood sport of competitive cooking .
In their identical kitchens here , Mr. Hollingsworth was a work horse , slicing their oxtail and chopping their onions with strength and deliberation .
Their 22-year-old `` commis '' ( assistant ) , Adina Guest , used even more effort , putting their entire body , it seemed , into the coring of every carrot slice .
Mr. Mille , by contrast , was a race horse , rolling cold , brown pastry dough and filleting their cod with speed , grace and the absence of wasted movement . The head came off in ten seconds . Their assistant seemed almost non-existent .
The American team was guided by a typed schedule divided into fifteen-minute segments of instructions for each of them that was taped to a wall .
At 3:35 p.m. , for example , Ms . Guest 's order was `` Heat chestnut puree '' while Mr. Hollingworth 's was `` Assemble smoke balls . ''
The French chef kept their kitchen sparse , continually wiping the counters and leaving any ingredient that was not about to be used immediately out of sight .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
`` He anticipates their next gesture , '' said Jean-Marie Gautier , the French coach renowned as a culinary trainer as much as they are as a chef . Asked why they did n't have a schedule taped to the wall as a guide , Mr. Gautier replied , `` It 's all in their head . At this level , it better be in your head . ''
A poll on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the Scottish devolution referendum has revealed a majority of Scots believe the Scottish Parliament has improved the health service and education .
The Panelbase survey of more than 1,000 adults in Scotland for the Sunday Times Scotland found 45 per cent believe the health service has improved since Holyrood took power while 20 per cent believe it has worsened and 35 per cent think it has not made much a difference .
• READ MORE - 20 years on : The day a parliament returned to Scotland
Questioned on schools , 35 per cent believed they had improved in the past two decades , while 33 per cent believe there was not much difference and 32 per cent think schools are worse now .
Respondents were tied on whether the economy had strengthened or there had been little difference in economic performance , with 37 per cent for each , while 26 per cent believed Scottish Parliament has weakened the economy .
Almost one in five ( 19 per cent ) of those surveyed wanted to get rid of the Scottish Parliament and have Scotland governed solely by Westminster , while 43 per cent favoured retaining devolution inside the union and 38 per cent wanted Scotland to become independent .
Asked how they would vote if a second Scottish independence referendum were held tomorrow , more than half ( 53 per cent ) said they would vote no , 40 per cent yes and 6 per cent did not know .
Support for holding a second Scottish independence ballot during the Brexit negotiations , ruled out by Nicola Sturgeon , has fallen to the lowest level yet at 17 per cent , compared to 28 per cent in May and 32 per cent in April .
Around a quarter ( 26 per cent ) of those surveyed favoured holding a Scottish independence referendum when Brexit negotiations are over while 58 per cent said there should not be another independence vote in the next few years .
Ms Sturgeon proved more popular than their predecessor Alex Salmond , with 33 per cent saying they were better in the role compared to 16 per cent favouring Mr Salmond and 50 per cent who said they did n't know .
The poll found if Holyrood elections were held tomorrow the SNP drop 5 per cent of the constituency vote from the 2016 election , to 42 per cent , with the Tories on 28 per cent ( +6 per cent ) , Labour on 22 per cent ( -1 per cent ) , Lib Dems on 6 per cent ( -2 per cent ) and the Greens at 2 per cent ( +1 per cent ) .
• Panelbase surveyed 1,021 adults online between August 31 and September 7 .
Mauricio Pochettino could sign up to three more players before the transfer window closes
Mauricio Pochettino says Tottenham could sign as many as three more players before the transfer window closes in just under two weeks .
The White Hart Lane manager would not comment on their move to sign Marseille 's Georges-Kevin N'Koudou or the prospect of Clinton N'Jie going the other way as part of the proposed deal .
Likewise , they did not elaborate any further on Nabil Bentaleb than to reiterate the Algerian - who is attracting interest from Lazio - is no longer part of their plans .
Pochettino said : `` They are still our players . Bentaleb is not in my plans but Clinton is in the squad and is at the club .
`` I am very happy [ with Tottenham 's transfer activity this summer ] . I know this is difficult in this crazy business that today is football .
`` We have our philosophy and we follow our way and I think that makes us different to the other clubs . ''
Marseille 's French midfielder Georges-Kevin N'Koudou is a target for Tottenham but Pochettino would not discuss them
On N'Koudou , Pochettino added : `` It 's a rumour , you know , and I do n't like to speak about rumours . There are many , many rumours in this period for different clubs , not only for us .
`` We try [ to bring more players in ] . We hope to sign one , two or three players - or maybe no one . It depends on many things that will happen . We will try to find some players to sign . ''
Pochettino , who also said it is only a `` question of time '' before Christian Eriksen signs a new contract , has also backed Michel Vorm to successfully deputise for Hugh Lloris in goal .
Christian Eriksen is close to signing a new deal with Tottenham , according to Pochettino
Tottenham 's number one keeper is out for four weeks with a hamstring injury picked up on the opening day of the Premier League season in a 1-1 draw at Everton .
Pochettino refuted the problem was related to the extended season Lloris had in the summer with France and said : `` It 's not related to the Euros .
`` It 's only that it was an accident and the good thing is it is not too big an injury . It 's only a small , minor injury and they will be with the team very soon .
Hugo Lloris hurt their hamstring at Everton and is now out for around a month
`` It 's always difficult when your captain is not on the pitch . It will always be difficult but we trust in Michel and I think they were doing well in the pre-season .
`` He played a lot of friendly games , they are ready to compete . They are a goalkeeper who has a lot of experience in the Premier League and in internationals . There is no doubt about their quality . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The match took place at Hibernian 's Easter Road stadium
A senior officer policing a heated derby match urged the winning team not to score again because they feared a pitch invasion , an ex-player has said .
Former Hearts striker John Robertson said the plea was made at half-time during a game against Hibernian at Easter Road in September 1990 .
Police had been struggling to control the crowd at the game as Hearts took a 3-0 lead in the first half .
The story emerged in a BBC Scotland documentary on Scottish football .
The four-part series traces the last 30 years of the sport in Scotland .
The opening programme , I Play for Money , looks at how ambition and financial pressures left some clubs vulnerable to takeover or collapse during a turbulent period in the game .
In the run-up the 1990 Edinburgh derby , Hearts chairperson Wallace Mercer had attempted to buy Hibernian from David Duff - a solicitor who had acquired the Easter Road side , and who was later imprisoned for fraud offences in England .
Mr Mercer 's takeover bid sparked an ultimately successful campaign by Hibs fans to thwart the deal , but feelings were running high and spilled into trouble at the match .
Image caption John Robertson said police officers came into the Hearts players ' dressing room at half-time
Mr Robertson told the BBC : `` The place was packed to the rafters , and it was a horrible atmosphere . Hibs fans were going bananas and rightly so , Hearts fans were n't too happy about it either .
`` We were the anti-Christ at the time , we were the enemies . ''
They said that a senior police officer had come into the dressing room at half-time with other officers and told players : `` We fear another pitch invasion , you know , we 're going to basically say if you score another goal and Hibs fans invade , we may have to stop the game , so you know , if you can help it , do n't score . ''
Mr Robertson added : `` We were all looking stunned , thinking - some strange request , that .
`` He went out the door and Sandy Clark [ Hearts caretaker manager ] said 'Yeah , yeah officer , no problem at all , no worries , I know where you 're coming from , we 'll leave it at that . '
`` He shut the door and said : 'Nah , that ai n't happening guys . ' ''
Football loyalties
However , Hearts failed to find the net in the second half and the score remained 3-0 .
Rod Petrie , current chairperson of Hibs , reflected on the significance of the Hibs fans ' campaign .
They told the documentary : `` It was probably close to the club 's darkest hour and everybody who was part of Hands Off Hibs deserves great credit for the passion that they showed and the determination they showed to save the football club . ''
Hearts supporter Alex Salmond , MP , said : `` Anybody who really understands football understands that you ca n't have yin without yang .
`` You ca n't have Hearts without Hibs , you ca n't have Celtic without Rangers and you can not , must not , ever effectively deprive people of their football loyalties . ''
The first episode of Scotland 's Game is on BBC One Scotland at 21:00 on Thursday 25 August .
People often delay seeking treatment for mental health conditions like depression . The longer they wait to see their doctors , the worse the condition becomes , making it harder to treat in the future .
In an effort to encourage more patients to seek treatment sooner , Google announced Aug. 23 that it has teamed up with National Alliance on Mental Illness ( NAMI ) , an advocacy group , to create a simple tool for users to assess if they may be depressed . Now , when people in the US search for “ clinical depression ” on their phones , the typical “ knowledge panel ” —a container that displays company-vetted information on Google 's search results page—will come with an option to take a quiz that can assess the severity of symptoms . ( Google says the quiz results will not be seen by anyone but the quiz-taker . )
Google 's quiz is n't new . It 's a reskinned version of the 18-year-old PHQ-9 ( pdf ) , used by physicians to help diagnose patients with mental illnesses like depression and anxiety . It asks about general interest in activities , eating and sleeping habits , and overall mood . Alone , the PHQ-9 wo n't give a definitive diagnosis . Doctors use it in conjunction with physical exams to rule out other causes for patients ' symptoms , like a thyroid problem . Google says its incorporation of the PHQ-9 test in its search results is not meant as a final diagnosis , but as a tool to inspire people to have conversations with their healthcare providers if they were hesitant before .
Some estimates have suggested that patients will wait as long as eight years from when they start feeling bad to when they see a doctor . It 's hard to say why this is , but some of the thinking is that people do n't believe their symptoms are real . Rather than an illness caused by a neurological chemical imbalance , they see depressive symptoms as a “ funk. ” Ideally , this quiz will validate people 's symptoms when they search for “ clinical depression ” —provided they already suspect they may be depressed .
Google says the results of this quiz are completely private . That said , the searches themselves that lead to the quiz being displayed are still tracked on Google . For now , Google has n't publicly announced any projects that monitor online searches for signs of mental health issues . Other researchers , though , have been working on algorithms to track other forms of online behavior , like tweets or other posts on social media , that could one day lead to diagnostic tools designed to identify signs of mental health concerns , and prompt a person to seek help .
Tea Tuesdays : Cold Weather , Gogol And The Rise Of The Russian Samovar
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alexey Korzukhin/via Wikimedia Alexey Korzukhin/via Wikimedia
There are two drinks most people associate with Russia — vodka and tea , prepared in a giant hot-water urn known as a samovar .
Yet while vodka may have actually originated in Russia ( Poland is another contender ) , tea is a thoroughly foreign product .
Most historians believe the Chinese first brought tea to Russia sometime in the 1600s . As for the samovar ? `` The origins are shrouded in mystery , '' says Maria Zavilova , curator at the Museum of Russian Art in Minnesota .
The samovar is undoubtedly at the center of Russia 's tea culture . But it is also used in Turkey , Iran and Central Asia . Regardless , it was in Russia , a sprawling country whose northernmost boundaries reach into the Arctic Circle , that the samovar became entwined with national identity .
A samovar is essentially a glorified self-heating kettle . Its base features an area where you can light a fire ; an internal chimney vents the smoke into the air while heating the water around it . A small teapot can be placed at the very top of the samovar to keep steeped tea warm . This made the samovar very practical compared to Russian stoves that took a lot of firewood and time to heat up . `` It was an economical way to heat water very fast , '' says Zavilova .
This may be one reason why the samovar took hold in Russia : For most people , it was simply the most cost-effective way to drink tea . The very first samovar factory opened in Tula , a metalworking town south of Moscow , in 1778 . As the demand for samovars grew and even more factories opened , the town became almost synonymous with samovar production . `` It had dozens and dozens of factories making samovars , '' says Zavilova . Even today , it 's noted in sales brochures or museum descriptions if a samovar was made in Tula .
toggle caption via Wikimedia
Today , tea drinking is thoroughly ingrained in Russian identity , at home and abroad ( think of the famous Russian Tea Room in New York City ) . Yet tea itself did n't become affordable for all Russians until the late 1800s , writes historian Audra Jo Yoder in Making Tea Russian . In the early 19th century , `` tea drinking as an everyday social ritual , if it existed at all , was confined to the highest echelons of Russian society , '' they write . It 's likely that many lower classes who had samovars were n't drinking tea but sbiten ' — a hot drink made from herbs , sweetened with honey .
Though merchants , aristocracy , and eventually , peasant families used samovars , not all of them were made alike . The richest families used samovars crafted from pure silver ; samovars for the lower-classes were made from copper and brass . Today , gift shops in Russia often sell elaborately enameled samovars covered in jewels or bright colors .
Yet samovars were primarily utilitarian — many are decorated simply with etchings on the metal . Even the samovars that famed jeweler Peter Carl Faberge crafted for the czars were left unpainted – though they were plenty opulent nonetheless : They were mostly constructed from lustrous silver and accented with intricate engravings on the legs , spout and top , their handles crafted from ivory .
Regardless of the social class of its users , samovars helped alter the nature of social gatherings for all Russians , says Zavilova . Since the water inside a samovar had to be heated all at once , anyone who wanted to partake in a hot beverage had to gather around it at the same time . A samovar could often heat between one and two gallons of water – perfect for a large group to enjoy a leisurely chat while drinking tea .
In the 1800s Dostoyevsky , Pushkin , Tolstoy and other great Russian writers began using the samovar as a symbol of the nation 's culture itself . Gogol 's Dead Souls in particular is filled with references to samovars . As they describe one character with high social aspirations , `` Having become an agent , they quite naturally did as all agents do : kept company and made friends with the better-off villagers , levied higher taxes on the poorer families , got up at nine o'clock in the morning , waited for the samovar , and drank tea . ''
As historian Audra Jo Yoder writes , this was a time when `` cultural elites articulated a national identity that established hospitality and communalism as two of its central tenets . '' It may be that beloved literature is just as responsible as common usage for championing the samovar as a symbol of Russia .
Today , Russia is still one of the biggest consumers of tea in the world , but most homes now use stove-top kettles instead of samovars to heat their water . Even so , you 'll still find the distinctive urns in gift shops , and Russians will still bring them out for a formal occasion . When it comes to exemplifying `` Russian-ness , '' few items do it better than the samovar . Indeed , during one of President Obama 's visits to Russia , Vladimir Putin treated their American counterpart to a Russian tea from a samovar .
Tea Tuesdays is an occasional series exploring the science , history , culture and economics of this ancient brewed beverage .
Tove Danovich is a writer based in New York City .
EDITOR 'S NOTE — Sensational cases make headlines , but the scale of sexual misconduct by teachers in America 's schools gets little attention . The Associated Press has spent months digging through public records to document the problem in every state , revealing a disturbing national picture . This story is the first in a three-day series on an overlooked blight on our education system .
EDITOR 'S NOTE — Sensational cases make headlines , but the scale of sexual misconduct by teachers in America 's schools gets little attention . The Associated Press has spent months digging through public records to document the problem in every state , revealing a disturbing national picture . This story is the first in a three-day series on an overlooked blight on our education system .
A young teacher in Iowa sheepishly admits that they fondled a fifth-grader 's breast . But they do n't lose their teaching license until one persistent victim and their family go public — 40 years after the first accusation .
A middle school teacher in Pennsylvania targets a young girl in their class and uses the guise of love to abuse them sexually .
A teacher in Michigan , who 'd already lost their license in another state , goes to prison after they film themselves molesting a boy .
These are only a few instances of a widespread problem in American schools : Sexual misconduct by the very teachers who are supposed to be nurturing the nation 's children .
Students in America 's schools are groped . They 're raped . They 're pursued , seduced and think they 're in love .
An Associated Press investigation found more than 2,500 cases over five years in which educators were punished for actions from bizarre to sadistic .
There are 3 million public school teachers nationwide , most devoted to their work . Yet the number of abusive educators , nearly three for every school day , speaks to a much larger problem in a system that is stacked against victims .
Most of the abuse never gets reported . Those cases reported often end with no action . Cases investigated sometimes ca n't be proven , and many abusers have several victims .
And no one — not the schools , not the courts , not the state or federal governments — has found a surefire way to keep molesting teachers out of classrooms .
Those are the AP 's findings after reporters sought disciplinary records in all 50 states and the District of Columbia . The result is an unprecedented national look at the scope of sex offenses by educators — the very definition of breach of trust .
The seven-month investigation found 2,570 educators whose teaching credentials were revoked , denied , voluntarily surrendered or limited from 2001 through 2005 following allegations of sexual misconduct .
Young people were the victims in at least 1,801 of the cases , and more than 80 percent of those were students . More than half the educators who were punished by their states also were convicted of crimes related to the misconduct .
The findings draw obvious comparisons to sex abuse scandals in other institutions , among them the Roman Catholic Church . A review by America 's Catholic bishops found that about 4,400 of 110,000 priests were accused of molesting minors from 1950 through 2002 .
Clergy abuse is part of the national consciousness after a string of highly publicized cases . But until now , there 's been little sense of the extent of educator abuse .
Beyond the horror of individual crimes , the larger shame is the institutions that govern education have only sporadically addressed a problem that 's been apparent for years .
`` From my own experience — this could get me in trouble — I think every single school district in the nation has at least one perpetrator . At least one , '' says Mary Jo McGrath , a California lawyer who has spent 30 years investigating misconduct in schools . `` It does n't matter if it 's urban or rural or suburban . ''
One victim wonders why there is n't more outrage .
`` You 're supposed to be able to send your kids to school knowing that they 're going to be safe , '' says Jennah Bramow , a 20-year-old single mom and waiter in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
While other victims accepted settlement deals and signed confidentiality agreements , they sued their city 's schools for failing to protect them from accused teacher Gary C. Lindsey — and won .
The trial revealed that Lindsey had been forced out of their first teaching job in Oelwein , Iowa , in 1964 , after admitting he 'd fondled a fifth-grader 's breast .
`` I guess it was just lust of the flesh , '' Lindsey told their superintendent . They moved on to schools in Illinois and eventually settled in Cedar Rapids .
Now 68 , Lindsey refused multiple requests for an interview . `` It never occurs to you people that some people do n't want their past opened back up , '' they said when an AP reporter asked them questions at their home outside Cedar Rapids .
That past , according to court evidence , included abuse accusations from a half-dozen more girls and their parents , along with reprimands from principals that were filed away , explained away and ultimately ignored until 1995 , when allegations from Bramow and two other girls forced their early retirement .
Even then , they kept their teaching license until the Bramows filed a complaint with the state . They were never charged criminally .
Like Lindsey 's , the cases that the AP found were those of everyday educators — teachers , school psychologists , principals and superintendents among them . They 're often popular and recognized for excellence and , in nearly nine out of 10 cases , they 're male . While some were accused of abusing students in school , others were cited for sexual misconduct after hours that did n't necessarily involve a kid from their classes .
The overwhelming majority of cases involved public school teachers , since many private schools do n't require a teaching license . Even when they do , their disciplinary actions are not a matter of public record .
Two major teachers unions , the American Federation of Teachers and the National Education Association , each denounced sex abuse while emphasizing the need to consider educators ' rights .
Kathy Buzad of the AFT said that `` if there 's one incident of sexual misconduct between a teacher and a student that 's one too many . ''
In practice , the AP found less vigilance .
The AP discovered efforts to stop individual offenders but , overall , a deeply entrenched resistance toward recognizing and fighting abuse . It starts in school hallways , where fellow teachers look away or feel powerless to help . School administrators make behind-the-scenes deals to avoid lawsuits and other trouble . And in state capitals and Congress , lawmakers shy from tough state punishments or any cohesive national policy for fear of disparaging a vital profession .
That only enables rogue teachers , and puts kids who are n't likely to be believed in a tough spot .
Abuse also is treated with misplaced fascination in American culture .
`` It 's dealt with in a salacious manner with late-night comedians saying , 'What 14-year-old boy would n't want to have sex with their teacher ? ' It trivializes the whole issue , '' says Robert Shoop , a professor of educational administration at Kansas State University who wrote a book to help school districts deal with sexual misconduct .
`` In other cases , it 's reported as if this is some deviant who crawled into the school district — 'and now that they 're gone , everything 's OK. ' But it 's much more prevalent than people would think . ''
They and others who track the problem reiterated one point repeatedly during the AP investigation : Very few abusers get caught .
They point to academic studies estimating that only about one in 10 victimized children report sexual abuse of any kind to someone who can do something about it . When it is reported , teachers , administrators and some parents frequently do n't — or wo n't — recognize the signs that a crime is taking place .
`` They ca n't see what 's in front of their face . Not unlike a kid in an alcoholic family , who 'll say , 'My family is great , ' '' says McGrath , the California lawyer and investigator who now trains school systems how to recognize what they call the `` red flags '' of misconduct .
In Hamburg , Pa. , in 2002 , those `` red flags '' should have been clear .
Heather Kline was skipping classes to spend time with Troy Mansfield , a popular football coach who 'd first targeted them when they were in their third-grade class . They gave their gifts and rides in their car . They sat on their lap . The bond ran so deep that the student got chastised repeatedly — even suspended once for being late and absent so often . But there were no questions for the teacher , until the girl 's mother got suspicious .
`` I did n't have my childhood , '' says Kline , who 's now 18 and hoping to get their GED so they can go to nursing school . `` He had me so matured at so young . I remember going from little baby dolls to just being an adult . ''
Heather read Mansfield 's e-mails and instant messages aloud at their 2004 criminal trial , from declarations of true love to explicit references to past sex . He 's serving up to 31 years in state prison .
Elsewhere , there have been fitful steps toward catching errant teachers .
More states now require background checks on teachers , fingerprinting and mandatory reporting of abuse , though there is still a lack of coordination among districts and states .
U.S. Supreme Court rulings in the last 20 years on civil rights and sex discrimination have opened schools up to potentially huge financial punishments for abuses , driving some schools to act .
And the National Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification keeps a list of educators who 've been punished for any reason , but only shares the names among state agencies .
Another problem : Because teachers are often allowed to resign without losing their credentials , many never show up on the list .
`` They might deal with it internally , suspending the person or having the person move on . So their license is never investigated , '' says Charol Shakeshaft , a leading expert in educator sex abuse who heads the educational leadership department at Virginia Commonwealth University .
It 's a dynamic so common it has its own nicknames — `` passing the trash '' or the `` mobile molester . ''
Aaron M. Brevik is one educator who fell through the cracks .
An elementary teacher in Warren , Mich. , they were accused of using a camera hidden in a gym bag to secretly film boys in locker rooms and showers . They also faced charges that they recorded themselves molesting a boy while the child slept .
Found guilty of criminal sexual conduct , Brevik is serving a five- to 20-year prison term .
What Michigan officials apparently did n't know when they hired them was that Brevik 's teaching license in Minnesota had been permanently suspended in 2001 after they allegedly invited two male minors to stay with them in a hotel room when they were a principal in southeastern Minnesota .
`` I tell you what , they never go away , '' says Steve Janosko , a prosecutor in Ocean County , N.J. , who 's handled educator abuse cases . `` They just blend a little better . ''
Episode 727 : You Asked For It , Again
Enlarge this image Michael Rutherford/AFP/Getty Images Michael Rutherford/AFP/Getty Images
We dug through the trash and tracked down experts around the globe to make sense of economic mysteries that you sent us . There 's a puzzle about the cost of postage stamps , a debate over the price of happiness , fatal pastries and a little stop at the Federal Reserve , because , yeah , we 're Planet Money .
You , our enthusiastic , curious listeners , can get a little wonky with your questions and we love you for it . But we can still have way too much fun fishing out the answers from all corners of the word . Today on the show , we answer your questions , wherever they lead us .
If you have a question you want us to answer , hit us up on Facebook or Twitter . Or better yet , tell us a great story about economics that answered a question you had . We 'll take that too .
Music : `` Cowboy Casanovas '' and `` Bout That Live . '' Find us : Twitter/ Facebook .
Pin 13 27K Shares
John Vibes
September 10 , 2015
( ANTIMEDIA ) Sacramento , CA — The fact that genocide was committed against Native Americans is indisputable and should be obvious to anyone who has taken an honest look at history . Unfortunately , there are still some people so deeply attached to American nationalism that they generally accept the philosophy of expansionism and colonialism practiced by conquering Europeans generations ago and carried on as the “ Manifest Destiny ” by the U.S. government in the 19th century . In many cases , teachers in public schools and government-regulated universities simply pass along the same lies about the founding of America that they were told in school .
In one such case , a California State University , Sacramento professor not only rejected one of their student 's claims that there was a genocide against the native people — they ended the class early and threatened the student with expulsion . According to 19-year-old student Chiitaanibah Johnson , their professor refused to allow them to make comments about the Native genocide during class — a time when it was appropriate to discuss the issue at hand . Instead , U.S. History Professor Maury Wiseman argued with them and insisted the native people did not face a genocide .
Johnson explained to ICTMN that “ The whole thing started on Wednesday . They were talking about Native America and they said the word genocide . They paused and said ‘ I do n't like to use that word because I think it is too strong for what happened ' and ‘ genocide implies that it was on purpose and most native people were wiped out by European diseases . ' ”
Johnson was offended by their comments , but instead of arguing with them right then and there , they decided to write down their statement and research some facts to back themselves up when they decided to raise the issue with him .
“ I wrote it down . I was enraged for what I felt were obvious reasons . I did n't say anything [ on Wednesday ] because I knew that if I did n't have anything specific to back it up in terms of tangible or solid evidence that they would not take my comments into consideration , ” they said .
That Friday they presented their research to them after they finished a lesson on Native American tribes .
“ He made it a point to say indigenous people were not peaceful . I was upset for obvious reasons . He 'd mentioned how the French and the Dutch were allies and made it a point to say native people were killing each other before white settlers arrived , ” they said of the lesson that week .
Johnson went on to explain that “ On Friday , I raised my hand and I said , ‘ I understand why we 're talking about the Portuguese people because it explains how they got to America . But I do not think it is fair to talk about Portuguese people as if they were only poor and brave . They became rich by raping and enslaving the indigenous lands and people that they ‘ discovered . ' I told him , ‘ You said genocide implies the purposeful extermination of people and that they were mostly wiped out by European diseases . ' I said , ‘ That is not a true statement . '
While mainstream history tells us that America was a vast , uninhabited wasteland when European settlers began to arrive , there were actually an estimated 10 million Native Americans living there at the time . In just a few hundred years , that number was cut down to roughly 300,000 during a well-documented and consistent effort on the part of the U.S. government to eradicate their population and take their land .
Nevertheless , “ He said , ‘ Genocide is not what happened . ' I stood up and started reading from an article by the United Nations that said : ‘ Genocide is the deliberate killing of another people , a sterilization of people and/or a kidnapping of their children , ' and they said , ‘ That is enough . ' ”
“ I said , ‘ No . You have to tell the truth . ' ”
“ He said , ‘ If you want to come talk to me after class , now is not the time , you are hijacking my class . ''
Then they cancelled the class for that day and threatened Johnson with expulsion after everyone else was dismissed .
“ He said , ‘ You know what class ? I am so sorry to everybody that this is happening . Please everyone come back on Wednesday have a good weekend . ' ”
Johnson said that after they dismissed the class they told her , “ ‘ I do not appreciate this in my classroom . ' They began shaking their finger at me and said , ‘ I do n't appreciate you making me sound like a racist and a bigot in my classroom . You have hijacked my lesson , taken everything out of context and I do n't care what kind of scholarship you have , or what kind of affiliation you have with the university , you will be disenrolled and expelled from this classroom . ' ”
Johnson later said that “ To be kicked out of the classroom so quickly , I was floored and I thought , ‘ Are you kidding me ? This was the third day of class , and already you 're going to completely expel me ? ' I did n't call them names , I did not say they were racist , I did not use foul language – yes , I raised my voice because they raised their voice at me and was talking over me and would n't let me say anything . I felt like I had my feet completely kicked out from under me . I felt like I approached the situation in a way that a student of the university level is supposed to approach a disagreement with the professor . ”
“ I have been dealing with this kind of racism since I was a little girl , ” they added . Once news of the story broke nationally , administrators with the university were forced to respond and insisted that regardless of what the professor said , Johnson will not be expelled for voicing their opinion and sharing their research .
Soon after , the Sacramento State History Department made a statement on Twitter saying “ We regret this situation & are investigating ; student is not disenrolled . ”
This article ( Student Threatened with Expulsion for Telling Truth About Native American Genocide ) is free and open source . You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to John Vibes and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific . If you spot a typo , email edits @ theantimedia.org .
Pin 13 27K Shares
In the spring , Web designer Anand Sharma saw their doctor for an annual physical and became worried upon learning they had a low level of vitamin D. To fix this , they committed to running more often—an easy way to soak up sunshine—as well as something a little more drastic : monitoring everything they could about themselves and posting it online , in hopes of motivating themselves to improve their health .
Gyroscope aims to give users a better way to collect , view , and share data about themselves , such as recent workouts .
Now they are trying to help you do the same .
Though there are countless apps for tracking everything from sleep to fertility to bike rides , Sharma wanted all the data to be in one place , easy to understand , and more engaging to look at . They built a personal website to showcase their data , including their heart rate , logs of runs , Instagram photos , and places they visited .
Information was gathered from iPhone apps and automatically uploaded to Sharma 's site , and additional stats came from monthly blood tests they started subjecting themselves to . They divided their data into sections for fitness , adventures , and their journal . Visitors can drill down into each of those to see , for instance , a monthly view of brightly colored , lightly pulsating tiles denoting all the places he 's visited ( lots of coffee shops , airports , bakeries ) , and a daily view organizing this data on a timeline along with their heart rate , mode of transportation , and photos uploaded throughout the same day .
Months later , Sharma is still tracking himself , and he 's also cofounded a company called Gyroscope Innovations that will create a similar self-tracking website for you by connecting to apps running on your smartphone , including Strava and Moves , which track activities ; Withings Healthmate , which tracks heart rate and activity and can pull in data from the company 's connected scale and its other gadgets ; and Instagram . Like Sharma 's personal site , the design is slick with little circles calling out stats like recent workouts and destinations you 've visited , placed around the border of a larger circle that includes more details like a map of your latest bike ride .
Currently in a private beta test with a few hundred users , Sharma expects Gyroscope to launch on the Web by the end of this year and says a mobile app is in the works , too .
It may be tricky to convince people to latch on to yet another service that purports to make it easier to keep tabs on yourself—or that there 's value in sharing so much personal data . Yet the rising popularity of fitness trackers , and the impending arrival of wearable devices like the Apple Watch , could spur interest in services like Gyroscope—that is , if it is n't a pain to use and can surface interesting insights from your data .
Sharma hopes users will see Gyroscope as a way for friends to check out what you 're up to in all aspects of your life . This could help keep you motivated to get enough exercise , or eat properly .
I signed up for the site and connected it to Moves , Instagram , and Strava , which I already use regularly on my phone , and after a few hours I could see a map of a recent bike ride , a photo of a friend 's wedding , and that I 'd recently visited a Starbucks .
It was n't revolutionary , but the information was smartly organized , and I can see how posting it online could be motivating . Sharma say they hope to add the ability to track many more things , including continuous biometrics like heart rate , sleep , and blood-related stats—something that 's becoming increasingly realistic as wearable technology improves and spreads .
The Armenian Government and the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) on Friday signed an anti-corruption strategy agreement as part of the efforts to assist in the country 's capacity building in the fight against corruption .
The deal is part of the United States ' assistance to the Armenian Government 's 2015-2018 Anti-Corruption strategy . The project 's total cost is US $ 806.390 , of which $ 749.110 will be a compensation of expenses by the United States and $ 57,280 – a grant investment , reports the Government 's press service .
On behalf of the Republic of Armenia , the document was signed by David Harutyunyan , Minister-Chief of Staff at the Government . On behalf of the US Government , the signatory was Karen R Hilliard , the USAID mission director in the country .
The project is aimed to offer support to the Armenian Government in benefiting directly from top-class international and/or local technical assistance in the activities towards drafting a road map and implementing anti-corruption strategies in areas such as education , state revenues , healthcare and police services .
The project 's intended timeframes are between February 5 , 2016 and April 5 2017 .
The ceremony of signing the agreement was attended also by Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamyan who hailed the initiative . “ Our approaches coincide , so we need to do everything possible to succeed . We highly appreciated the United States ' efforts in the areas of Armenia 's development , civil society building and human rights protection , and attach importance to continuous cooperation , ” they added .
Hailing the Armenian Government 's consistent effort , the USAID official , for their part , expressed the US Government 's support to the Armenian government 's transparency and civil society building initiatives . Agreeing that the USAID 's cooperation with the Armenian Government has always been effective in most different sectors , Ms Hiliard expressed belief that the anti-corruption project will be crowned with success , increasing transparency and accountability and promoting real changes to improve the standards of living in Armenia .
Image caption Sammy Wilson made the mural remarks on a US TV report
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has said they agree with the message of murals in loyalist areas which equate the IRA and Sinn Féin with the so-called Islamic State .
They made the comments on US TV to the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) .
Mr Wilson was asked their thoughts on murals comparing the ISIS-claimed 2015 Paris attacks with past IRA attacks .
The DUP MP replied there `` has always been an affiliation between the Irish republicans and terrorist groups , especially in the Middle East '' .
The Belfast mural shows the aftermath of IRA bombings in London 's Hyde Park and Canary Wharf , beside photos of the aftermath of the Paris attacks .
The caption reads : `` IRA - Sinn Féin - ISIS , no difference . ''
Mr Wilson was asked if they agreed with that phrase and they replied : `` I do . Yes , of course , I do . ''
The MP was interviewed by PBS as part of its report on the potential impact of Brexit on the Northern Ireland peace process .
They dismissed arguments that leaving the European Union could be a setback for Stormont .
Mr Wilson told PBS : `` I 'm fairly sure that at the end of this process we will be wondering 'What was all the fuss about ? ' ''
Image caption Senator George Mitchell chaired the talks that led to the Good Friday Agreement in 1998
However , the former Good Friday Agreement talks chairperson , Senator George Mitchell , has expressed concern that the UK 's withdrawal from the EU may limit the scope for co-operation between London and Dublin .
In an interview with Sky News , Senator Mitchell said the EU was an important factor that led the UK and Ireland to co-operate `` in establishing a process that led to the Good Friday Agreement '' .
They added : `` I think the UK being out of the European Union may reduce the prospect for further co-operation . ''
Story highlights Obama said they receive questions `` constantly '' from fellow leaders about Trump and Cruz 's suggestions
They called some of Cruz 's immigration proposals `` draconian ''
Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama said Tuesday that campaign trail rhetoric from leading GOP candidates is damaging the U.S. in the eyes of foreign leaders .
They said they receive questions `` constantly '' from fellow officials about the `` wackier suggestions that are being made '' in the race to secure the Republican nomination .
Those proposals include a plan from front-runner Donald Trump that would utilize a federal anti-terror law to require wire transfer companies to check the legal status of immigrants before allowing them to send money home .
Obama , who was speaking from the White House briefing room to deliver remarks about the U.S. economy , called that plan `` impractical '' with enormous implications . Their comments on the state of the 2016 race were in response to reporters ' questions .
`` The notion that we are going to track every Western Union bit of money that 's sent to Mexico -- you know , good luck with that , '' they said sarcastically , saying that cutting off money to Mexico could damage that country 's economy , sending more immigrants to the United States .
Read More
The Syrian military launched an aggressive counter-offensive on Sunday , bombing the city of Rastan from the air as `` clean-up operations '' continued in the city of Homs , particularly in the restive Baba Amr quarter .
Human rights activists in Homs reported that the Red Cross was prevented from entering Baba Amr as Syrian forces committed acts of murder , rape and execution against civilian residents of the quarter .
A funeral for members of the Free Syrian Army in Hazzano , Idlib province , March 3 , 2012 . Reuters
Meanwhile , in reports and videos uploaded by Syrian opposition activists the Syrian air force is clearly seen bombing population centers in the city of Rastan , north of Homs .
In the wake of the bombings , the Free Syrian Army conducted a `` tactical withdrawal '' from the city , fearing that their continued presence in the city would draw continued attacks on the city by pro-regime forces , leading to massive loss of life .
Rastan , a city of one hundred thousand people , occupies a strategic location near the Rastan dam and a large bridge that links the northern and southern parts of the country .
Government forces were also expected to target the cities of Idlib and Dir al-Zur . Idlib has served as a primary center of resistence to the regime since the beginning of the uprising , and hosts one of the Free Syrian Army 's logistical bases . Due to its proximity to the Turkish border , Idlib and the surrounding villages serve as a way station for refugees and army deserters fleeing the country .
A boy plays in a park converted to a cemetery in Idlib , March 3 , 2012 . AP
Armed with light weapons , machine guns and light mortars , the Free Syrian Army relies mainly on guerrilla tactics . Opposition sources report that for several weeks the group has been receiving weapons shipments from Iraq . However , the amount of weapons reaching the insurgents in not sufficient to mount a serious military challenge to the country 's regular army .
The weapons shipments are apparently being sent by Sunni tribes living near the border , with funding apparently coming from governments of Gulf states that support the opposition , such as Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and Kuwait .
Meanwhile , Al Arabiya quoted Pentagon sources on Sunday saying that the United States currently has no plans to fund or arm the Free Syrian Army .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
The involvement of the Syrian air force is likely to revive calls made by Arab states and the Syrian opposition for a no-fly zone over the country . If implemented , such a move could accelerate outside military intervention in the country , along the lines of the Western-Arab intervention in Libya last year .
Such a decision , however , would first have to be approved by the Arab League and the UN Security Council , and somehow overcome the opposition of Russia and China . Opposition sources hope that Russia 's position will be more flexible this time , citing statements by Putin that Russia `` has no special relationship with the Syrian regime '' and that events in Syria are `` an armed struggle that must be stopped immediately in order to facilitate dialogue . ''
Also on Sunday , Reuters reported shelling by Syrian forces against the town of Qusair in the western part of the state , sending residents fleeing on foot to neighboring Lebanon .
Read this article in Hebrew
Kraken has received many requests from our clients and others in the community for assistance in disputing accepted or rejected amounts with MtGox claims .
Any claimants with remaining disputes must file an application for an appraisal of their bankruptcy claim with the Tokyo District Court . This is the only process for disputing MtGox claims .
Each creditor with a dispute must file their own appraisal application . To assist the community , Kraken is pleased to provide assistance that , to the best of our knowledge , may be helpful in filing the application . However , Kraken is not responsible for any potential inaccuracies in the provided information , and not responsible for any outcomes .
The best option for claimants would be to find a Japanese lawyer who can help fill out the application . However , according to the Japanese bankruptcy lawyers Kraken spoke with , the first stage of this filing for the claim assessment does not necessarily require a lawyer . Claimants may need an attorney to file a lawsuit .
First , claimants must officially alert the court that they desire their case reviewed before the deadline of June 27 , 2016 , Japan Standard Time . Kraken has created a template for claimants ' use , but it must be filled out in Japanese . It is the responsibility of claimants to find a Japanese speaker or a translation service to help with this process , as Kraken is not able to assist creditors in filling out this template .
Although in an ideal circumstance , a credentialed Japanese attorney can help , it may be adequate to find someone who can write proper Japanese to explain the situation and to provide necessary evidence .
Second , by the deadline on June 27 , 2016 in Japan Standard Time , claimants must be sure to mail all required documents to the court . Claimants must mail two copies of the form and two copies of each evidence document ( 1 for the court , 1 for the trustee ) to the Tokyo District Court .
The mailing address of Tokyo District Court can be found below :
The Section in charge of bankrupt entity MTGOX Co. , Ltd. 20th Civil
Division of the Tokyo District Court 1-2 Kasumigaseki 1-chome
Chiyoda-ku , Tokyo 100-8920 Japan
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States has increased the number of Marines and aircraft stationed in Sicily who could be called upon to evacuate Americans from the U.S. embassy in Tripoli as unrest in Libya grows , two U.S. officials said on Monday .
About 60 more Marines and another four Osprey aircraft , whose tilt-rotar engines allow it to land like a helicopter but fly like an airplane , were being sent to Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily from their base in Spain .
That brings the total number of Marines stationed as a precaution in Sicily to around 250 , the two officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity . Their location in Italy moves them closer to Libya , speeding response times .
One U.S. official added that forces at Sigonella were on heightened alert .
Heavily armed gunmen stormed Libya 's parliament on Sunday and gunfire erupted across Tripoli , where rival militias clashed in some of the worst violence in the city since the end of the 2011 war against Muammar Gaddafi .
Saudi Arabia closed its embassy and consulate in the Libyan capital and withdrew all of its diplomatic staff on Monday due to security concerns .
Underscoring the turmoil , the commander of Libyan army special forces said on Monday they had allied with renegade general Khalifa Haftar in their campaign against militant Islamists . Haftar has been denounced by the Tripoli government as attempting to stage a coup .
The Marines in Sigonella are part of a crisis response unit focused on embassy security that was created after the attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , on September 11 , 2012 , that killed U.S . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans .
The Pentagon has in recent months made similar , temporary moves of Marines from the Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force-Crisis Response .
Last October , about 200 Marines from the task force also flew to Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily for several weeks after U.S. special operations forces captured a senior al Qaeda figure in Libya , triggering unrest .
( Reporting by Phil Stewart , ; additional reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi and Ulf Laessing in Tripoli ; Editing by Ken Wills )
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Japan 's biggest Yakuza gang have launched their own website and theme tune in a bid to increase memberships .
Numbers have apparently been in decline in recent years , with 2013 seeing an all-time low for members .
In order to attract more new recruits the country 's largest syndicate , the Yamaguchi-gumi , have gone in a more unusual direction , online .
The website - Banish Drugs and Purify the Nation League - apparently promotes an anti-drugs message .
Despite being involved in shady activities such as loan sharking and protection rackets , the Yakuza are n't actually illegal in Japan .
But whether the group 's altogether more friendly online presence presence encourages more people to join , remains to be seen .
Chinese demand for donkey gelatine is hammering the Chinese and African donkey populations , putting the price of donkeys out of reach for subsistence farmers
It was a bout of period pain that led to Liu Yanan 's first taste of donkey gelatine . The 13-year-old was visiting family in Beijing when their cramps started for the first time . Them aunt took out an ornate box filled with smooth chocolate-brown slabs , broke off a small piece , and stirred it into a pot of sweetened rice porridge .
The medicine was ejiao , a Chinese medicine made from donkey skins and used for over 2,500 years . Yanan hesitated before eating the mixture , but they trusted their aunt and wanted relief from the pain . “ I felt comfortable afterwards . My body was warm , ” they say . “ I took it for a month and the trouble went away . ”
That was back in 2004 , and since then China 's ejiao industry has turned into a global megabusiness . What was once a humble blood tonic for conditions like anemia – a claim supported by no clinical evidence – has been rebranded as a wellness product for China 's ascendant middle class , and now features in face creams , sweets and liqueurs , as well as a wide variety of medicinal preparations . There are claims it will help with anemia and acne , boost your energy , improve your sleep , nourish your yin , prevent cancer , make you look better and even improve your libido . It is billed , in short , as a miracle elixir .
In Dong ' e County , a remote province which is home to almost 90 % of all Chinese ejiao factories , dozens of ejiao stores flank the town 's streets . There are ejiao adverts on billboards and at bus stops . The nearest airport , in the city of Jinan , has booths selling ejiao and fresh donkey meat , a regional delicacy . Dong-E E-Jiao ( Deej ) , the world 's largest producer , has headquarters that include seven monolithic factory buildings , a giant conference hall , a visitor 's centre that resembles Beijing 's iconic Bird 's Nest stadium , and an immaculately landscaped lake .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An advert for Dong E 's ejiao in Hong Kong . Photograph : Kimon de Greef
The company 's most expensive products , prepared according to custom on the winter solstice each year , cost £2,900 per 250g at discount Deej outlets in town , with cheaper varieties at a tenth of the price . In 2016 Deej ( listed on the Shenzhen stock exchange ) reported sales of £700 million— more than double its revenue four years ago .
But behind the facade of this increasingly glossy sector , with its product placements on Chinese TV shows and shiny packaging , is an international trade that is upending rural economies around the world .
According to industry statistics , Chinese ejiao production consumes some 4m donkey skins per year . China 's donkeys numbered 11m two decades ago , but this figure has fallen below 6m , both as a consequence of booming ejiao production and the mass migration of rural Chinese , who formerly raised donkeys , into cities . Domestic supply is capped at less than 1.8 million and this leaves Deej and its smaller competitors heavily reliant on imports .
Here is where the problems begin . In less than a decade demand for skins has inflated donkey prices beyond what locals can afford – in Kenya the cost of a donkey has more than trebled in the last year . Communities that rely on donkeys as pack animals no longer have access to a resource that until recently was abundant and cheap . First domesticated in Africa around 5,000 years ago , donkeys have supported subsistence livelihoods around the world for hundreds of generations , adept at drawing heavy loads and temperamentally easy to handle . Their sudden emergence as a globally traded commodity has disrupted traditional cycles of use : around the world donkeys are no longer worth more alive than dead .
Some countries are now clamping down on international trade . Nine African governments ( Botswana , Burkina Faso , Mali , Niger , Nigeria , Senegal , Ghana , Tanzania and Uganda ) have banned donkey skin exports , with a further four ( Burkina Faso , Botswana , Tanzania and Ethiopia ) closing down slaughterhouses funded by Chinese firms . Gambia , Malawi and Zimbabwe have expressed concern but not yet introduced a ban .
But in response portions of the trade have shifted underground , with convoluted networks illegally supplying factories in China .
“ We 're still seeing illicit exports from all the countries that have taken a stand against selling donkey skins , ” says Alex Mayers from the Donkey Sanctuary , a UK charity that published a report on the trade in January . “ There is no way that current levels of demand can be sustained . ”
Poor regulation has led to an explosion in donkey theft ; in Kenya , inspectors recorded almost 1,000 stolen animals between December 2016 and April 2017 . Philemon Sibaya , a subsistence farmer in South Africa who used to run an informal delivery business with donkey trailers built from old vehicle parts , had their donkeys stolen last November . They used to allow them to graze freely at night , loosely tethering their hind legs to stop them straying too far . “ But that morning I could n't find them , ” says Sibaya .
A Chinese man had visited the village a few weeks earlier , looking to buy donkeys . Sibaya refused to supply him , not knowing what the man wanted them for . “ My donkeys put food on the table . They built this house and put my kids through school , ” Sibaya says . Eventually they found the corpses , all but one skinned . “ There 's nothing I can do but accept the situation , ” they say . “ I ca n't bring my donkeys back . ”
“ We 've had many cases like this , ” says Mishack Matlou , a local SPCA inspector who arrived on the scene soon afterwards . A few months earlier they rescued two teenagers skinning donkeys in a neighbouring village . “ The community wanted to kill those boys so I locked them inside my van , ” they say . “ This is a poor area and they needed the money . Someone had offered them £25 for the job . ”
Unregulated “ bush slaughter ” facilities are now multiplying across Africa , Asia and South America . At one site in South Africa last August , a middleman who asked to remain anonymous bought 25 donkeys for a Chinese exporter and watched as the villagers killed them with knives and hammers . The exporter was arrested in Johannesburg a few months later for falsely declaring a shipment of skins to Hong Kong .
“ It was bad watching the animals suffer , ” says the middleman , who no longer trades donkey skins . “ They cried out each time another one fell . ”
Some governments are trying to regulate the sector . In February , in South Africa plans were announced to build abattoirs and train donkey farmers . “ The projects will ... alleviate poverty , address inequality [ and ] create decent jobs , ” a press statement said . But according to Dr Langa Madyibi from the provincial veterinary department , there has been little progress on this initiative beyond forming a Donkey Technical Committee and sending a government delegation to China last year . “ We still have to work out the details , including our production model . There 's a wide range of stakeholders to consult , ” Madyibi says .
Some similar programmes in Africa have ground to a halt following community protests ( in Ethiopia , Uganda and Tanzania ) and national export bans ( in Botswana ) . But other states have welcomed the investment opportunity , with Kenya opening three slaughterhouses in the last 18 months and Namibia set to build two .
As governments grapple with the costs and benefits of supplying China , the ejiao sector grinds on , producing more than 5,000 tonnes of gelatine per year . The scarcity of skins has led to rising product fraud , with manufacturers substituting horses , oxen , pigs and even leather shoes as raw material . Deej , though , maintains a reputation for authenticity , and has won multiple prestigious awards , including the 2016 Chinese Brand of the Year . The company has a “ near monopoly ” on donkey skins and accounts for nearly 70 % of all ejiao sales , according to an industry report .
This August Deej rejected several hundred horse skins from a batch delivered by Dong ' e County trader Yang Shihui . “ I did n't know they were mixed in there , ” says Yang , who has been supplying the company for more than 30 years . The skins lie in a heap beside him , matted and rotting . “ I 'll sell them to a chicken feed company instead . ”
Deej , a state-owned company , did not respond to written questions by the Guardian .
A short distance from Yang 's yard is a Deej stockpile with tens of thousands of skins . The skins are heaped on shipping pallets and covered with tarpaulins . There are more than 20 piles , each larger than a minibus ; countless others lie out of sight . Security guards wave their arms to prevent photographs , yelling , “ Stop ! We 'll arrest you ! ”
A little further up the road are two themed ejiao hotels owned by Deej , with donkey art on the walls and product displays at reception . A company slogan at the entrance declares ejiao “ a national treasure . ”
Liu Yanan , who first ate donkey gelatine as a teenager , still lives in Dong ' e County . Now 26 , they work as an agent for a smaller ejiao company called Fu Shang Kang , posting daily social media adverts . They take ejiao daily , sometimes feeding small doses to their son , who is three . “ I do n't look like a mother , ” they say , “ because of ejiao . It keeps you young . ”
This story was supported by a grant from the Africa-China Reporting Project , managed by the Journalism Department of the University of the Witwatersrand .
Vindication is sweet .
Tom Perkins 's letter to The Wall Street Journal last week , in which they compared liberal attacks on the one percent to the Holocaust , was an anthropologically useful document that displayed the deranged persecution complex that afflicts large segments of America 's superrich in the Obama era . Lest you think Perkins is merely one slightly addled old man , who has slipped into a Howard Hughes–esque cosseted stupor , today the Journal devotes an editorial to defending him .
The Journal concedes that Perkins 's chosen metaphor may have gone a tad too far ( “ The comparison was unfortunate , yet provocative ” ) . But , the Journal 's editors argue , the fact that so many people disagreed with it proves the basic thrust of their argument : “ The vituperation is making our friend 's point about liberal intolerance — maybe better than they did. ” Liberals are mocking wildly rich people who compare their plight to the victims of the Holocaust , and even if this mockery does not currently rise to the level of persecution of the Holocaust itself , really the spirit of the thing is about the same .
The editorial proceeds to defend its thesis by rattling off a list of terrible things that have happened to one percenters in the Obama era . The actual policy agenda that harms the rich — the restoration of Clinton-era tax rates for incomes over $ 400,000 a year , higher investment taxes to help fund Obamacare , regulation of Wall Street — is curiously absent from the list . Instead the Journal wanders through a farrago of partisan fever dreams . For instance :
Maybe the critics are afraid that Mr. Perkins is onto something about the left 's political method . Consider the recent record of liberals in power . They 're the ones obsessed with the Koch brothers and other billionaires contributing to conservative causes , siccing journalists to trash them and federal agencies to shut them down .
“ Siccing journalists to trash ” the Koch brothers can be translated as “ a number of news reports and opinion commentary has criticized the Koch brothers. ” Just like what happened to the Jews in Nazi Germany ! I follow the right-wing media pretty closely , and I have no idea what federal agencies shut down the Koch brothers , though I would simply point out that , ipso facto , they have not been shut down .
Obama declared war on the Kochs , and now ED KOCH IS DEAD . Photo : Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Or :
President Obama 's IRS targeted conservative political groups for scrutiny in an election year and has now formalized that scrutiny in new regulatory “ guidance ” for this election year .
Actually , after it initially looked like the IRS was targeting conservatives , it emerged that the agency was simply looking for political groups of all persuasions abusing their nonprofit status , and employed search terms for liberal groups like “ progressive ” or “ occupy. ” IRS targeting of the right has become the dead body of Vince Foster , about which the Journal also harbors suspicions .
The most hilarious item in the Journal 's Nuremberg indictment is Obama 's alleged excoriation of the rich :
Obama does n't merely want to raise taxes on the rich to finance the government . They say “ millionaires and billionaires ” simply make too much money and deserve to be punished .
One good clue that somebody is mischaracterizing a source 's words is if they omit important context from the quote . Here the Journal has n't merely omitted context , they 've omitted the entire quote . Or , rather , they quote three words — “ millionaires and billionaires ” — and then simply assert the parts about Obama thinking the rich make too much money and need punishment . They truncated the entire quote .
The Journal 's editorial underscores that the widespread mockery of Perkins , far from piling on a bewildered plutocrat , actually understates the broader problem . Perkins 's letter provided a peek into the fantasy world of the right-wing one percent , in which fantasies of an incipient Hitler-esque terror are just slightly beyond the norm . The Journal editorial defines persecution of the one percent as the existence of public disagreement . Liberals are mocking Perkins , therefore Perkins is basically right . For Perkins to be wrong — for the rich to enjoy the level of deference the Journal deems appropriate — a billionaire could compare their plight to the victims of the Holocaust and nobody would make fun of them at all .
A group of musicians wants to send the old Kosciuszko Bridge off with a bang — by performing Tchaikovsky 's “ 1812 Overture ” as it is blown up later this year .
Trombonist Danny Flam , who has played with Jay-Z and Kanye West , is petitioning the city and state to let their Kosciuszko Philharmonic Orchestra perform the overture — whose finale includes cannon fire — as the bridge linking Brooklyn and Queens is brought down .
“ How awesome would it be if an orchestra could play the ‘ 1812 Overture , ' ‘ London Bridge is Falling Down , ' music from ‘ Titanic ' and other selections during the big event , ” Flam writes in a pitch on the Web site iPetitions.com .
The overture , first performed in 1882 , features prominently in Hollywood explosion scenes , including “ Caddyshack . ”
Tchaikovsky 's original composition calls for cannon fire 16 times in the 15-minute opus , and Flam hopes state wrecking crews can work in sync with the orchestra .
“ It has explosions built into the piece , ” Flam told The Post . ” They need to set off the detonator just as the music hits the best part . ”
The proposal is every orchestra geek 's dream , according to another musician involved in the effort .
“ What kid who plays the ‘ 1812 Overture ' does n't dream of playing it live for a bridge that gets blown up ? ” said Brooklyn trumpeter Ben Holmes , who has worked with indie bands Gogol Bordello and Vampire Weekend .
The state is in the midst of replacing the 78-year-old bridge , which carries the Brooklyn–Queens Expressway over Newtown Creek , with two new spans by 2020 .
Gov . Cuomo announced in February that crews would demolish the bridge , which is controlled by the state , this summer by exploding its Brooklyn and Queens ramps before hauling away the middle section .
Blowing the bridge up instead of taking it apart will save the state months of work , Cuomo 's office said .
Flam is hoping to secure either a private space for the performance or to get a public-events permit for a spot nearby .
They said they plan to pay for loudspeakers and a stage by getting demolition companies to sponsor the event .
Officials have not set a date for the demolition and did not comment on Flam 's proposal , but did say they are working on some kind of send-off for the bridge .
“ We 're still in the planning stage for the ceremonial and viewing aspects of the implosion , but we 're looking forward to sharing this moment with New Yorkers , ” said Cuomo rep Jon Weinstein .
Additional reporting by Danielle Furfaro
Butch Davis is working toward a return to South Florida — albeit with a different school than the one they once coached .
While not finalized , two sources told Sporting News that Davis is the frontrunner to become Florida International University 's next head coach .
MORE : Top November games that will define College Football Playoff race
Davis , 64 , posted a 51-20 record during six seasons ( 1995 to 2000 ) coaching the University of Miami . Such success led to Davis being hired away by the Cleveland Browns . Davis led the 2002 Browns to what remains their only playoff appearance since the franchise resumed operations in 1999 .
Davis re-signed in December 2004 but re-launched their coaching career with the University of North Carolina in 2006 . Davis helped rebuild the Tar Heels program but was fired before the start of the 2011 campaign amid an NCAA probe into academic fraud involving UNC players . Davis was ultimately exonerated , although the Tar Heels were given sanctions that included vacating all wins from the 2008 and 2009 seasons .
Davis spent the 2012 and 2013 seasons as an adviser for then-Tampa Bay head coach Greg Schiano , who was once one of their assistants .
Davis has close ties to FIU athletic director Pete Garcia dating back to their days with the Hurricanes . Davis brought Garcia with them to the Browns in a front-office capacity .
`` Pete is their guy , '' a source told Sporting News .
FIU 's head coaching job opened when Ron Turner was fired earlier in the season . Ron Cooper has replaced Turner on an interim basis .
The Golden Panthers were 3-6 heading into Saturday 's game at Western Kentucky ( 6-3 ) .
A mobile health screening unit will begin providing services on Monday at four north St. Louis County Metro transit centers .
Links 2 Health was announced Friday during a ceremony at the Wellston Transit Center .
The program is a collaborative between the St. Louis County Department of Public Health and Bi-State Development to bring the mobile unit to transit riders in north St. Louis County .
Becky Schrama , public health nursing manager for the county 's Public Health Department , said the screenings will be valuable .
“ It might convince some people who 've been afraid to take the step , to go to the doctor and tell the doctor what 's going on , ” Schrama said . “ That this might be a friendly introduction that will encourage them to continue to use primary care . ”
Some of the free services available for people over 18 will include health screenings , blood pressure checks and diabetes tests . Nurses from the health department will administer the services . Patients may receive services regardless of whether they have health insurance .
In addition , those who need help scheduling follow-up appointments with a primary care physician or applying for health insurance will have the opportunity to do work with a social worker .
The Bi-State Development Research Institute , a not-for-profit enterprise for Bi-State Development , applied for a $ 940,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Federal Transit Administration .
Money from the federal grant will provide health screenings for area transit riders , as well as communities near transit centers . Nineteen grants were awarded in 16 states ; the Bi-State institute was the only one in Missouri to receive one of the awards .
Mokhtee Ahmad , the Region 7 administrator for the Federal Transit Administration , said Links 2 Health will help those who need it the most .
“ In particular , it can become a lifeline to those who are the most vulnerable in the community , ” Ahmad said . “ Older people like me , people with lower incomes and those who are transit dependent . ”
St. Louis County Councilwoman Hazel Erby , who represents District One , said Links 2 Health is a game changer , because many people in north St. Louis County go to the emergency room to be treated .
“ So many people ... have problems with transportation and having access to services in the community , ” Erby said . “ So the thousands of riders that we have daily with Metro will now have access to health care screenings , as well as the fresh food kiosk . ”
New Link Market food kiosks at the North Hanley and Wellston Transit Centers opened for business on Friday . They offer fresh fruit , vegetables and other healthy food staples from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m , Wednesday through Sunday .
Erby said the mobile health unit also allows people to know where they stand with their own health .
“ To just go get your blood pressure checked and kind of get a heads-up as to what 's going on with you to determine if you need to go the doctor is just awesome , ” Erby said .
Walk-in services at the Links 2 Health truck are available from 11 a.m. to 6:30 p.m at the following locations :
Mondays : Rock Road MetroLink Station
: Rock Road MetroLink Station Tuesdays : North County Transit Center
North County Transit Center Wednesdays : North Hanley Transit Center
North Hanley Transit Center Thursdays : Wellston Transit Center
Follow Marissanne on Twitter : @ marissanne2011
By IANS
NEW DELHI : Noted Gandhian , journalist , environmentalist , and water conservationist Anupam Mishra passed away at the age of 68 at the India Institute for Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) here early Monday morning , a family member said .
They were battling prostate cancer for the last one year .
They had been awarded the 1996 Indira Gandhi Paryavaran Puraskar ( IGPP ) award instituted by the Ministry of Environment and Forests , Government of India .
They travelled to villages across India describing the value of time-tested systems of water harvesting .
They advocated conservation of traditional water structures in India as well as abroad .
They wrote books , like , Aaj Bhi Khare Hain Talaab ( Lakes are still Standing , 1993 ) and Rajasthan Ki Rajat Boondein ( Radiant Raindrops of Rajasthan , 1995 ) , -- landmark works in the field of water conservation .
By Stephen Leahy
Uxbridge , CANADA , Jul 21 ( IPS ) – Wetlands are dangerous , scientists say , in the sense that they are ticking carbon bombs best left alone . To help stave off extreme climate change , existing wetlands should be enhanced and new wetlands created so they could capture more carbon .
“ Wetlands hold massive stores of carbon — about 20 percent of all terrestrial carbon stocks , ” said Eugene Turner , a leading wetlands expert at Louisiana State University 's Coastal Ecology Institute .
However , wetlands , including peatlands , continue to be converted to other uses around the world , resulting in large emissions of carbon and methane , a potent greenhouse gas that has 21 times the warming impact of carbon dioxide .
By itself , climate change is already degrading wetlands , especially in the Arctic and near Arctic regions where the once permanently frozen peatlands are thawing , Turner told IPS prior to the opening of the Eighth INTECOL International Wetlands Conference in Cuiaba , Brazil on Monday .
“ Researchers have been measuring huge releases of carbon and methane up there , ” they said . “ It 's crazy to add to that by draining or mismanaging other wetlands . ”
While birds and bird lovers value wetlands , hardly anyone else does . Besides capturing and holding carbon , wetlands are hotspots of biodiversity , crucial components in flood control and in providing clean water . The recent disastrous floods in the U.S. Midwest would have been far less damaging if wetlands in the region had n't been drained decades ago , Turner said .
“ Humanity in many parts of the world needs a wake-up call to fully appreciate the vital environmental , social and economic services wetlands provide , ” said conference co-chair Paulo Teixeira , coordinator of the Cuiaba-based Pantanal Regional Environmental Programme , a joint effort of the United Nations University ( UNU ) and Brazil 's Federal University of Mato Grasso ( UFMT ) .
“ The benefits of wetlands are not understood by the public . We hope to change this through our meeting , ” Teixeria said in an interview .
The INTECOL conference will assess the status of global wetlands , identify knowledge gaps , foster greater collaboration and consistency in wetland science worldwide , and offer plain-spoken policy prescriptions for decision makers with an appeal to adopt them with urgency , they said .
Climate change has dramatically increased the need to protect wetlands . Without substantial reductions in emissions of fossil fuels , up to 85 percent of wetlands will be lost in the future . That loss is far more than a loss of important bird habitat — it would also release enough carbon and methane to almost certainly tip the climate into an era of extreme and rapid change , experts believe .
“ Too often in the past , people have unwittingly considered wetlands to be problems in need of a solution , ” said U.N . Under Secretary-General Konrad Osterwalder , rector of UNU .
“ Yet wetlands are essential to the planet 's health — and with hindsight , the problems in reality have turned out to be the draining of wetlands and other ‘ solutions ' we humans devised , ” Osterwalder said in a statement .
Covering just six percent of Earth 's land surface , wetlands — including marshes , peat bogs , swamps , river deltas , mangroves , tundra , lagoons and river floodplains — contain an estimated 771 gigatonnes ( 771 billion tonnes ) of greenhouse gases , both CO2 and more potent methane , an amount in CO2 equivalent comparable to the carbon content of today 's entire atmosphere .
Some 60 percent of wetlands worldwide — and up to 90 percent in Europe — have been destroyed in the past 100 years , principally due to drainage for agriculture but also through pollution , dams , canals , groundwater pumping , urban development and peat extraction .
For full story please see Wetlands Loss Fuelling CO2 Feedback Loop
The country is on the brink of a major power crisis as several power plants are running out of coal stocks . The number of thermal power plants which have less than seven days of coal stocks left has shot up to 56 this week from 52 last week , official figures showed on Wednesday .
The stock levels are at the lowest since mid-2012 , when large swathes of the country had to go without power plunging millions of homes in darkness .
An NTPC official said the situation is very critical in at least six of its 23 thermal power plants across the country . `` We have stocks of less than a day at our plants at Badarpur , Dadri and Jhajjar all of which feed Delhi and NCR , '' the official disclosed . Public sector NTPC is the biggest power producer in the country .
FUEL SHORTAGE
`` Most of our plants are running 25-30 per cent below their normal capacity . We are not sure by when the situation will normalise . We have many western power projects not working and that is adding to the power crisis , '' the NTPC official added . Plants are running short of the fuel due to lower supplies from Coal India ( CIL ) , which accounts for 80 per cent of India 's coal production . The quality of coal supplied to the power plants has also been an issue . Imported coal has to be mixed with domestic coal to fire the plants as the poor quality of Indian coal tends to damage the plants .
Investments in washeries to upgrade the quality of Indian coal has also been tardy . The situation worsens in the monsoon months as the evacuation of coal from the mines slows down due to the rains .
However , CIL claims that it can not to be blamed for stocks at power plants dropping to critical levels . A high plant load factor ( PLF ) and delay related to coal imports were responsible for the problem , it said .
Coal fired thermal plants account for over two-thirds of the country 's power generation capacity . Senior officials point out that as many as 12 major power projects entailing an investment of Rs36,000 crore and having a total generation capacity of 7,230 MW are stranded due to a shortage of coal . Besides a power generation capacity of 42,480 MW commissioned in the country after 2009 is presently entitled to only 65 per cent of their Letter of Assurance ( LoA ) commitment .
The shortage of coal has increased the dependence on imports . Union power and coal minister Piyush Goyal will meet state power ministers on September 9 ahead of their meeting with private and public power producers later this month amid pressure from power generating companies to hike power tariffs from the state utilities as compensation for the costlier fuel .
Interestingly , the meeting also coincides the day when the Supreme Court is expected to take a final decision on its August 25 judgment declaring illegal all coal blocks allocated from 1993 to 2010 .
Pope Francis : 'It 's Better to Be an Atheist ' Than Greedy , Selfish Christian
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Vatican leader Pope Francis has suggested that when it comes to how people live their lives , it 's better to be an atheist than someone who claims to be a Christian but leads an unChristian life of greed and selfishness .
`` Scandal is saying one thing and doing another ; it is a double life , a double life . A totally double life : ' I am very Catholic , I always go to mass , I belong to this association and that one ; but my life is not Christian , I do n't pay my workers a just wage , I exploit people , I am dirty in my business , I launder money . ' A double life . And so many Christians are like this , and these people scandalize others , '' Francis said at the morning mass at the Casa Santa Marta , as reported by Vatican Radio on Thursday .
`` How many times have we heard — all of us , around the neighborhood and elsewhere — 'but to be a Catholic like that , it 's better to be an atheist . ' It is that , scandal . You destroy . You beat down . And this happens every day , it 's enough to see the news on TV , or to read the papers , '' the Roman Catholic Church leader asserted .
`` In the papers there are so many scandals , and there is also the great publicity of the scandals . And with the scandals there is destruction . ''
As Reuters notes , Francis frequently encourages Catholics to practice what they preach , especially when it comes to helping the poor and protecting the environment .
Francis has also engaged on topics concerning atheists on a number of occasions , and in a September 2013 interview with La Repubblica newspaper suggested that God 's mercy extends to atheists as well .
`` You ask me if the God of the Christians forgives those who do n't believe and who do n't seek the faith , '' Francis said at the time .
`` I start by saying — and this is the fundamental thing — that God 's mercy has no limits if you go to Him with a sincere and contrite heart . The issue for those who do not believe in God is to obey their conscience , '' they added .
In their latest remarks , the Vatican leader warned that the source of scandal and people living double lives is `` following the passions of the heart , the capital sins that are the wounds of original sin . ''
The pontiff argued that there is a `` double life '' within all people , and within those who say they are good believers and good Catholics , but underneath are `` doing something else . ''
Francis said that people like to think to themselves `` But , sure , the Lord will eventually forgive everything , but I 'll keep going as I have been . ''
They warned : `` If there is something saying , 'Sure , this is not going well , I will convert , but not today : tomorrow . ' Let 's think about that . And let us profit from the Word of the Lord and consider the fact that on this point , the Lord is very strict . Scandal destroys . ''
New mom Rochelle Gonzalez did n't use their phone very much during the first four weeks of their baby Ivan Gomez 's life because they were in the neonatal intensive care unit .
But after Ivan , now 12 weeks-old , came home to Ontario , Gonzales found themselves using their smartphone nearly every time they breastfed .
`` I used it a lot at night to help me 'cause he 's asleep and I 'm just waking up . I 'd be on it , on Instagram , to help me stay awake , '' they say .
Experts say Gonzalez 's experience is more and more common , especially among younger and professional moms . The trend has spurred lively debates on a lot of mommy blogs about whether it 's okay to be on the phone while feeding .
There 's even a word for texting while breastfeeding : `` brexting . ''
Experts are beginning to caution against extended smartphone use during breastfeeding or bottle feeding , pointing to studies which have found that feeding time is critical to mother-child bonding .
Distracted moms can miss `` important messages ''
`` It is very hard to bond and talk to the baby if you are on the phone , '' says Terry Bretscher , a nurse and the lactation supervisor at Pomona Valley Medical Center , where Ivan Gomez was born .
They say their nurses often run up against this issue as they try to teach new moms how to breastfeed .
`` You assist them latching on and you can see the phone buzzing , they 're getting an alert or something , and you see their eyes move down and look at it , '' says Bretscher . `` Sometimes they will actually answer that right then and we go , 'well let 's work on this now . ' ''
A mom distracted by their phone could be ignoring important messages from their baby , says Dr. Kateyune Kaeni , a psychologist specializing in maternal mental health who works with new moms at Pomona Valley .
Babies need moms to respond to them to build a secure attachment whether they 're breasted or bottle feeding , they say .
`` When babies are first born their vision is only basically from the breast to the mothers face , '' Kaeni says . `` That 's as far as they can see . So babies do a lot of staring and bonding in that way . ''
A mother `` could be missing cues that they 're full or they 're still hungry or their latch is n't secure or if they are having trouble swallowing , '' they add .
A little bit of distraction is okay
A little bit of distraction is fine , they say , especially since new moms are under a lot of pressure and breastfeeding can take a long time . Kaeni does warn against reading or watching content that might create stress or anxiety for the mom , because that also impacts breastfeeding time .
What worries them most , they say , is prolonged distraction .
`` If baby is trying to make contact with you by noises or smiles and they ca n't and they learn over time that they ca n't rely on you to respond , it runs the risk of them becoming either anxiously attached to your or insecurely attached to you and they will ramp up their behavior until you pay attention , '' Kaeni says .
Pomona Valley Medical Center has one of the busiest labor and delivery units in the region . Bretscher says on average the hospital births more than 20 babies a day .
That gives them nurses plenty of opportunities to talk to moms about cutting down on their screen time while feeding their newborns .
`` It 's that one-on-one learning , '' Bretscher says . `` This is the most important time to learn 'cause baby is in their room , they 're with them all the time . ''
The aha moment
Caption : Rochelle Gonzalez holds their napping son Ivan Gomez , 12 weeks , after breastfeeding him . ( Elizabeth Aguilera/ KPCC )
New mom Rochelle Gonzalez says they did n't get that kind of tech talk . They say a nurse explained that breastfeeding time is about communication , and helped them understand what to look for with my son .
Gonzalez says the light bulb came on one night after they realized baby Ivan was n't latched on during a feeding .
`` It 's very easy to say let me check my email , let me do this while I 'm doing that , '' they say , while their baby naps on their lap . `` I figured that 's taking away time from me bonding with him . ''
Gonzalez says now when they breastfeed they may turn on the TV but mostly they talk to Ivan .
`` I try to leave [ my phone ] as far away as possible or I 'll charge my phone so this way I 'm not tempted , it 's harder for me to get up and go get it , '' they say .
Gonzalez says because of that they can now easily spot the cues the nurse told them about in the hospital .
`` If he 's getting too much [ while eating ] their eyebrows come up and if I 'm not looking at them I 'm not going to know that , '' they say . `` If he 's really hungry when they wake up they have their hands in a fist , and as they eat and they get relaxed and gets fuller their hands open and their arms go down to the side . If I 'm on my phone I 'm not going to know that . ''
At Pomona Valley the lactation team is now strategizing how to expand breastfeeding classes for expectant and new moms to include lessons on the importance of limiting screen time .
San Diego brewers earned 11 medals at the 2014 World Beer Cup . The winners were announced at the Gala Awards Dinner/Ceremony , which took place following the 2014 Craft Brewers Conference . Out of 94 categories of beer , San Diegans won 4 gold medals , 4 Silver medals , and 3 Bronze medals . In total , 1,447 breweries entered 4,918 beers from 62 countries . 220 judges from 32 countries determined the winners . The San Diego County winners and their categories are listed below . In addition to winning 2 medals , Coronado Brewing Company was awarded World Beer Cup Champion Brewery and Brewmaster in the Mid-Sized Brewing Company category .
Category ( # entries ) – Winning Beer and Brewery – Award
Category 10 ( Rye Beer , 47 entries ) – Habitus by Mike Hess Brewing Co. – Gold
Category 13 ( Other Strong Beer , 44 entries ) – May the Port Be With You by Pizza Port Solana Beach – Bronze
Category 18 ( American-Style Sour Ale , 32 entries ) – Framboise de Amorosa by The Lost Abbey – Silver
Category 24 ( Aged Beer , 14 E\entries ) – Aged Navigator Dopplebock by Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits / Home Brew Mart – Bronze
Category 46 ( Australasian-Style Pale Ale or International-Style Pale Ale , 33 entries ) – Sculpin IPA by Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits / Old Grove – Gold
Category 79 ( Old Ale or Storng Ale , 40 entries ) – Old Ale 2013 by AleSmith Brewing Co. – Gold
Category 80 ( Barley-Wine Style Ale , 53 entries ) – Old Scallywag by Coronado Brewing Co. – Silver
Category 82 ( Classic Irish-Style Dry Stout , 36 entries ) – The Pugilist by Societe Brewing Co. – Silver
Category 86 ( American-Style Strong Pale Ale , 97 entries ) – Islander IPA by Coronado Brewing Co. – Gold
Category 88 ( Imperial India Pale Ale , 106 entries ) – Hop 15 by Port Brewing Co. – Bronze
Category 89 ( American-Style Amber/Red Ale , 90 entries ) – Shark Bite Red by Pizza Port Bressi Ranch – Silver
World Beer Cup Champion Brewery and Brewmaster , Mid-Size Brewing Company : Coronado Brewing Company
Congratulations brewers !
Full list of winners can be found here .
Getty Images
Not satisfied with contributing to their own coach 's unemployment last night , Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey wants more people fired .
Specifically , they targeted line judge Dale Shaw for being a “ homer ” for the Texans , and wondered if the member of Ed Hochuli 's crew was related to Texans wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins .
Ramsey was flagged for pass interference in the fourth quarter , on what was the Texans ' only touchdown drive of the day .
“ All I know is I started that drive with my mouthpiece on my helmet , I ended that drive and my mouthpiece was on their sideline , ” Ramsey said , via Aaron Wilson of the Houston Chronicle . “ I 'm not sure how that happens without getting called hands to the face but it did .
“ Specifically I want to call out , I do n't know their name , I do n't really care for it , field judge No . 104 , by far the worst official in the NFL . They need to be fired 100 percent , terrible , terrible , terrible . ”
Asked why Shaw might have had issue with him , Ramsey suggested it might have been a family tie .
“ [ Shaw ] may be a kin to Hopkins or something , I do n't know , ” the Jaguars cornerback said . “ He 's just a homer , I feel like the whole officiating crew they were homers . ”
Hopkins denied any relation , saying : “ I definitely do n't have any family members that are referees . ”
Also definite : Ramsey should expect a letter in the mail soon from the league office , as they 've taken a dim view of criticism of their officials . And when a charge of impropriety as baseless as Ramsey 's hits , you know it will get attention .
Although not on most people 's radar here , New York is one step closer to becoming the first state to have genetically modified , non-sterile insects released outside without cages .
Last week , the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA-APHIS ) ended the public comment period for its most recent environmental assessment of the proposed field release of a genetically engineered ( GE ) diamondback moth , an insect that causes serious damage to cruciferous crops such as broccoli and cauliflower . The release would be the first open-air trial in the U.S. of a GE agricultural pest created with a technology that does n't use sterility as a way to control population .
USDA 's assessment supports the permit application by Dr. Anthony Shelton of Cornell University and paves the way for trials that would take place on the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in bucolic upstate New York . Although the comment period occurred in the middle of planting season , the USDA did not honor a request by Northeast Organic Farming Association of New York and Food & Water Watch for a 30-day extension to allow interested parties to properly assess the complex report . Northeast Organic Farming Association of New York Liana Hoodes described the lack of an extension as `` unfortunate for the farmers of the region who may be significantly affected by these trials . ''
If the permit is approved , Cornell will be able to release up to 30,000 GE moths per week for three to four months for up to two years . The modified moths are imported from Oxitec , Ltd. , the same British company that engineers the Aedes aegypti mosquitoes , which is at the center of a fierce controversy in the Florida Keys .
Oxitec 's designer moth uses the same technology employed with their modified mosquitoes that have already been released in Brazil , Panama and the Cayman Islands . As in those programs , the male GE moth is not sterile but instead carries an engineered trait designed to kill most of its female offspring . However , although approximately 99 percent of the females will not survive to adulthood , many will die on the target crop , which raises concerns about ingestion of the tiny GE larvae by livestock , wildlife and humans if the process is eventually put into widespread use . In addition to this obvious ick factor , watchdog organizations have also questioned the use of tetracycline as the agent that switches off the lethality gene in the laboratory , citing antibiotic resistance among other issues .
This phase of the project follows closed cage trials that Cornell conducted in 2015 . Critics of the open release proposal point out that data from those experiments have still not been published in a peer-reviewed journal . Consumer advocate groups—including the Center for Food Safety , Food & Water Watch , Northeast Organic Farming Association of New York , Consumers Union , GeneWatch UK and Friends of the Earth—have written to Cornell and asked for more details about the earlier trials .
`` Doing this new environmental assessment without releasing previous data is irresponsible , '' Jaydee Hanson , Center for Food Safety senior policy analyst , said .
On the last day to submit comments , the USDA had received nearly 600 responses to their assessment of the open release plan , the overwhelming majority of which were opposed to granting the permit . About 40 commenters—primarily academics and conventional farming and biotech industry representatives—expressed support . Among those who asked the USDA to reject the proposal , commenter Jessica Visconti of Paramus , New Jersey , made a very simple plea : `` Do not do this , '' they wrote .
Have you been trying to get a more Pumpkin-y sound for your band ? Perhaps you 're simply just curious as to what equipment the Pumpkins use ? Either way , you 've come to the right place ! Click on each piece of equipment to find out more information about it & how the Pumpkins use it . If the list is too overwhelming , you can narrow it down by using the category links below , or by doing a search .
Many thanks to Andrew Hale of Forever Sound [ archived ] for their assistance on this section , and to ByStarlight.org 's TSP Photo Archive for collecting an ever-expanding wealth of pictures to comb through , looking for recognizable gear . Also , huge thanks to Kerry Brown for blogging a huge amount of technical info ( with pix ! ) since the start of the Teargarden sessions . For anyone interested in gear , equipment , and the general process of recording , I highly recommend reading their entries- starting from the very beginning !
Do you have any info we 're missing ? Or perhaps more importantly , have you found any errors here ? This list would not exist without the help of many contributors scanning those photos and industry magazines , and sending in their pix of gear from live shows . Send anything you have including images , articles , and eye-witness reports - the more detailed , the better - to equipment @ spfc.org . We 'll take a look at it , and if we can verify it , we 'll add it to our list !
Search results ( Misc . ) :
Image copyright Facebook Image caption The drone flew at an altitude of 3,000ft , much lower than Facebook eventually wants its fleet to fly
Facebook has completed a second test of a solar-powered drone designed to bring internet access to remote parts of the world .
The drone - dubbed Aquila - flew for one hour and 46 minutes in Arizona .
On Aquila 's maiden voyage last summer , the autopilot system was confused by heavy wind and crash-landed .
This time , the drone flew at an altitude of 3,000ft , a long way from Facebook 's intended 60,000ft goal .
The social network has ambitious plans for its drone fleet and eventually wants to have them communicating with each other via lasers and staying in the air for months at a time .
The test - which took place in May but is only now being made public - went `` perfectly '' , according to a blog post detailing the flight .
Facebook had initially heralded its June 2016 test a success but later admitted the drone had crashed on landing .
The crash was only revealed when it emerged that it had been investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board .
This time , the engineering team added `` spoilers '' to the wings to increase drag and reduce lift during landing . They also modified the autopilot software and applied a smoother finish to the craft .
The team filmed the landing and included the video in the blog post .
Director of aeronautical platforms Martin Luis Gomez said the drone had suffered `` a few minor , easily repairable dings '' .
Aquila - which has a wingspan of a Boeing 737 - is part of Facebook 's ambitious plans to connect the world to the internet .
This week , it announced that it has two billion users , more than a quarter of the world 's population .
Deputies say they cracked the case of the beheaded Venus De Milo .
Three young men have been charged in the July vandalism of a Venus De Milo replica at European Village , a shopping , dining and entertainment complex in Flagler County .
The arrests , announced today , come days after the Flagler County Sheriff 's Office released an image of five young suspects— four males and one female — taken by a surveillance camera the day of the beheading .
Only three suspects were identified in reports released today . But those reports are redacted , possibly because juveniles are involved .
The suspects are Joseph Orza and Sequawne Solomon , both 18 , and Tyrone Walker , 19 , all of Palm Coast .
The camera captured images of the suspects early July 9 as they entered a courtyard and walked to a water foundation at the Palm Coast destination .
The male vandals pushed over the 5-foot-tall statue , breaking its head and arms . The head vanished .
`` The suspects then ran toward Palm Harbor Parkway , '' Deputy Paula Priester said in a report .
The cost to replace the statue was estimated at $ 3,500 .
Reports show Solomon and Walker told officials that Orza , took the head .
Orza declined to talk to an investigator without a lawyer and questioning was stopped before their arrest , a report shows .
Walker said Solomon pushed the statue over and they and Orza told them not to do it , a report said .
All three were charged with felony criminal mischief .
One morning last week I was taking our oldest , Sam , to school . We were talking about the day , and about how they had a math test coming up . I told them they were going to do great , as I turned up the radio which I had turned down to talk with him . As I turned it up , I heard these words coming from the local news station :
`` Police say the man who shot their teacher and then themselves last week was ... ''
For those who do n't know , last week in downtown St. Louis , a former business student went into their former downtown school building and shot their former teacher . And then they turned the gun on himself . Sam does n't watch a whole lot of news at six years old , so they had not heard about this incident ... until now . I quickly turned on some music , but Sam had heard enough . `` Dad , what did that lady just say ? ''
`` What lady , Sam ? '' I said like an idiot . Huh ? ! Whut ? !
`` Did someone shoot a teacher and then himself ? ''
`` Um ... well ... yes . ''
`` Why ? ''
And there I was ... trapped like a fart in an elevator . How do I soften this blow ? I was at an utter loss for words , until I realized the only thing I could do : I told the truth ... or at least a version of the truth , because how can you really put motive onto someone who does something so heinous ?
`` Sam , you know how sometimes your body breaks down , like when you 're sick with a bad cold ? ''
`` Yep . ''
`` Well sometimes it happens with your brain , too . Sometimes people just lose control of their mind , and just do n't know what you can , and what you should n't do anymore . And this person , who was mommy and daddy age , went into a school a long way away from here , and they shot a teacher that they used to have and did n't like . And they did it because they lost control of their brain , and did n't know that you are never , ever supposed to do that . Does that make sense ? ''
`` Yes . ''
`` Are you okay ? ''
`` Yep . '' ( At this point , they jump out of the car to go into their building . No hug . No kiss . Rats . )
`` Bye Dad ! Love you ! ''
And once again , children prove that they know and understand way more than we think they do , and they are way tougher than we adults will ever be .
I once produced a documentary for St. Louis Children 's Hospital . It was to be given to parents who have a baby die in the Neo-natal Intensive Care Unit , or NICU for short . We talked to a really brilliant chaplain named Hal . Not having children of my own at this time , I was curious : `` What do you tell other children in the family when a devastation like this occurs ? ''
Their eyes got really big and they smiled . `` You would be shocked at what children are able to handle . They tend to turn into caretakers of their parents , reversing the roles . They know and understand that their parents take care of them , and when they see their parents in need , they are there to comfort mom and dad , and even younger siblings . It 's quite remarkable . ''
When I went through cancer 11 years ago , I did n't have children , so they never had to see their dad go through hell . This is not the case for what seems like an inordinate number of my friends who have battled cancer in the last 12 months . I personally know four people my age with children who have gone through some brutal regimens of chemotherapy and surgery and radiation . And every one of my friends says the same thing : `` My children were way stronger than me . They were instinctually brave . And while I had absolutely no idea how to break my diagnosis to them , the best way to do it was just to be honest . ''
Anyone who has ever had a child lie to them has felt the sting and anger of what that means . Ladies and gentlemen , I am here to tell you that this knife cuts both ways . Your children trust you with their very lives , and they do it without question . There is never ... ever ... a time when we should make them start to question . Never . Never . Ever . The conversation can start out as simply as , `` I 'm sick , I 'm going to be sick for a while , but I 'm taking lots of medicine and I 'm working hard to get better for you . ''
I once talked with a lady whose father died of cancer when they were 12 . She 's 50 now , and she 's still angry at them from hiding it from them until they went into the hospital and never came out . I know they thought they did n't want to burden her , but they have carried a greater burden for almost 40 years ... the burden of not fully being able to forgive their own dad .
Both of my boys , ages 6 and 4 , know that I had cancer , and they know that I have to get checked every year to make sure that it does n't come back . In fact , they have even come with me on a couple of occasions to meet the oncologist , Dr . Needles , who `` saved Daddy 's life . '' ( The doc gets a huge kick out of this , by the way . )
So know that a golden rule that we learned in kindergarten is still a golden rule : Honesty is the best policy . Do not be afraid to tell your children if you hear those three words . It will do more for your healing than you can possibly imagine . And besides , they may in some strange way get a kick out of it . The time my boys found a bald picture of me from treatment , I got this reaction :
`` You were bald ? ! Cooooooooooooool ! ''
Also on HuffPost :
Apple Inc 's new wireless headphones could be a problem for recyclers , according to an electronics firm that took apart the device to review its component parts.Apple has been promoting a more environmentally conscious image for the company after having come under fire in the past for constructing its devices so tightly that their components can be difficult to cost-effectively disassemble for recycling .
But Apple 's latest 4-gram wireless headphones , or AirPods , have glued-in tiny lithium batteries that make recycling difficult , said Kyle Wiens , chief executive of iFixit , the company which took apart the AirPods and has previously analyzed other Apple products . `` They 're basically saying this is the future of headphones , '' said Wiens . They estimate Apple has sold 1.4 billion pairs of iPhone and iPod headphones , weighing about 31 million pounds . Given that the iPhone 7 ships without a traditional headphone jack , AirPods may signal Apple 's future . `` There could easily be a billion of these things over the next 10 years , '' Wiens said.Apple has said that the $ 159 ( roughly Rs . 10,794 ) AirPods can be returned to the company for recycling . A spokesperson declined to comment further on recycling the devices.The headphones , which Apple released last week after a one-month delay , have garnered positive reviews.The AirPods contain three lithium-ion batteries , one in each pod and one in an accompanying charging case .
Recyclers can shred wired headphones and send them to a smelter that will melt them down for the copper inside . But the lithium-ion batteries in AirPods can not be shredded because they could catch fire while being destroyed.The AirPods carry regulatory markings that say they are not intended to be thrown away in the trash and should be disposed of as electronics waste.Willie Cade , CEO of Chicago-based PC Rebuilders & Recyclers , who was briefed on the AirPods ' construction by iFixit , said the labor involved in removing the batteries would make it hard to cost-effectively recover any of the materials from the devices . `` I ca n't do it by hand . It 's cost prohibitive , '' Cade said , adding that the AirPods would need to go into a shredder , but that `` there 's a relatively high risk of fire '' .
Planting A Lawn With Grass Plugs ( Download our Grass Plug Planting Guide - .pdf format )
REMOVE THE OLD LAWN
You can kill or remove the old lawn in several ways :
A ) Strip off the old turf grass with a sod cutter and kill off any remnants of lawn around the edges ; OR
B ) Kill the existing lawn , by spraying it with a one-time application of systemic glyphosate 14 days or longer prior to planting . ( While repeated , widespread use of glyphosate can be damaging to the environment , healthy soils are capable of breaking down any residual chemical from a one-time use . Keep kids and pets off the lawn until the herbicide has dried . ) or
C ) Smother the lawn : If you can wait 6 months or longer , the old lawn can be killed by covering it with alternating layers of corrugated cardboard and compost laid down about 6 ” deep ; or
D ) Solarize the lawn by killing it with heat from the sun . This can be done by covering the lawn turf with clear plastic for one to two months during the heat of summer . Be sure and bury the edges of the plastic sheeting and place heavy rocks across the middle to anchor it and hold it down when the wind blows .
Note : Letting the lawn go brown by withholding water will not kill Kentucky Bluegrass .
IMPROVE THE SOIL - Before planting grass plugs into bare soil , it is essential that the soil be enriched with compost and other organic or natural fertilizers to insure that the plugs grow vigorously and cover the area quickly . Proper soil preparation can be done anytime before planting the plugs . However , preparing the soil well in advance of planting insures that the ingredients have begun to breakdown and the soil will have a finer texture . It also allows weeds to sprout and be pulled or rototilled prior to planting . This will greatly reduce the amount of weeding after planting the plugs .
To improve the soil for best results use organic or natural soil amendments listed below . Rototill the soil enriching ingredients into the soil to a depth of 4 to 6 inches .
Planters II trace mineral supplement : Use 2 lbs/100 sq.ft . This natural trace mineral supplement provides essential micro-nutrients and boosts microbial activity in the soil needed to break down compost and natural fertilizers and improve nutrient availability .
Yum Yum Mix : 4 lbs/100 sq . ft . When it comes time to fertilize your soil in preparation for planting we suggest using a gentle , non-chemical based fertilizer . Yum Yum Mix feeds the soil that feeds your lawn . This organic formula adds essential nutrients to the soil and “ feeds ” the soil 's earthworms and beneficial microbial population to maintain a healthy living soil needed for a vigorous , low-care lawn . Healthy soil means a happy lawn !
Compost : Use at the rate of ½ to 1 cu . yard per 100 sq . ft. ( depending on the condition of the soil ) . Along with Yum Yum Mix , a high quality compost will build and maintain a healthy living soil .
Mycorrhizal Root Inoculant : Lawn grasses will grow more vigorously by having these beneficial mycorrhizal fungi attached to their roots . Mycorrhizal inoculation is essential if your home is in a new subdivision or there has been extensive earthwork , soil removal and compaction from your home construction process .
DO NOT use manure unless you know it has been actively composted to break it down . Old piles of manure ( even if stored for many years ) have not been composted adequately . Instead , it will begin to compost ( break down ) after you 've tilled it into the soil . This causes burning of grass plug roots and induces a serious nitrogen deficiency that will stunt or kill newly planted plugs .
Once the old lawn is gone or you are planting into bare soil , there are two ways to plant the plugs 1 ) You can plant into bare soil that has been enriched with compost and other natural or organic fertilizers ( See above : Improve the Soil ) 2 ) You can plant directly into dead turf that is thoroughly dead using the Drill and Fill Method ( see below , section 4 ) . It is NOT recommended that plugs be planted into a live lawn .
PLANTING USING THE `` DRILL AND FILL '' METHOD- Planting plugs into existing turf areas . This can be a real labor saving method when replacing your existing lawn . Assuming that the lawn was planted into well prepared soil , planting into the dead grass is a proven , labor saving method . This method also greatly reduces the amount of weeds that sprout once the plugs are planted .
a ) Make sure the old lawn is dead , both foliage and roots . Choose from the method that works best for you ( see section 1 above ) . Do n't make the mistake of assuming a completely brown patch of Kentucky Blue Grass ( or any other turf grass ) is dead from lack of water . Many grasses survive drought by going dormant only to “ wake up ” when water is made available .
b ) Preparing the plugs for planting : Before planting the plugs make sure they are well watered but not soggy . Make a few shallow slices into the sides and bottom of the plug 's root ball to break the circling root growth and encourage lateral root growth into the surrounding soil . To speed the transplantation process the plugs should be removed from the plug tray , have their roots sliced and placed into a box or flat in the shade to await transplanting .
c ) Measure the grid : Use a string line marked every 6″ or 12″ ( with a Magic Marker ) , stretch it between two stakes to show you where to plant each plug .
d ) Use a cordless drill to make the planting holes : Using a cordless drill and a 1 ¼″ diameter wood boring bit , drill 1-inch deep holes on a grid 6″ or 12″ apart , place the plug in the hole and step on it to firm it into the soil . Plant the row and move the stakes to the next row . When done planting the whole area , water thoroughly .
PLANTING INTO BARE SOIL- Prepare the plugs for planting and place your string line ( as described above in b & c ) . Using a hand trowel make a shallow hole , plant the plug and firm it into place . Mulch with clean wheat straw to shade the soil and keep the plugs moist . Water thoroughly after the plugs are planted .
Organic Plant Magic : This all-purpose fertilizer is packed with every essential element required by plants to properly build and maintain themselves , including beneficial microorganisms and microbes . For best success , we suggest using it as a root dip when planting grass plugs .
WATERING - Frequency : Water in newly planted plugs thoroughly so that the soil is wet to a depth of 4-6 inches . The frequency of subsequent irrigation will depend on how quickly the soil dries . Water enough to keep the soil damp but not muddy with standing puddles . First week to 10 days : Water daily in the early evening . Next couple of weeks : As the plugs begin to root-out into the soil and grow , watering can be reduced to every 2nd or 3rd day . Plugs that are taking hold and rooting-out will be noticeably greener and have longer , larger leaf blades than one 's that have n't . After the first month : If it 's not too hot and dry , your growing plugs will need watering no more than one to two times per week , putting down an inch of water each time . Use several empty coffee cans placed around the newly planted area to measure the amount of water applied . Even xeric native grasses like Buffalo and Grama grass need regular irrigation that first growing season . Once established , the amount of water needed next growing season will be much less !
Watering sloped areas : If you 've planted on a slope , be sure to mulch the plugs with clean , weed-free straw . Water the soil with a fine spray , just enough that the water is absorbed by the soil and does n't run off . Repeat 3 or 4 times at 5 minute intervals until the soil is wet to a depth of several inches . This is only a suggested watering schedule . Anytime the plugs are looking gray-green and the grass blades look thin and folded , they need water . The first couple of times you water , check the depth of the soil moisture after you water by digging into the soil to visually examine how deeply the water as penetrated . You 'll soon learn how much and how often your soil will need watering to keep the plugs moist .
WEEDING - Weeds will sprout quickly in newly planted areas . Weed control is essential so they do n't smother your new plugs . Pull weeds when they 're small .
Hand Weeding : You 'll need to pull weeds until the plugs have grown together for best establishment of your new lawn . When hand weeding , use a couple of wide wood board pieces to stand and kneel on while you weed . This helps to avoid stomping and compressing the soil as you walk around pulling the weeds . Herbicides : It may not be practical to hand weed large , newly planted lawns and the use of broadleaf herbicides may be considered . We recommend using corn gluten meal , an organic , pre-emergent herbicide used to control weeds . Apply in late winter/early spring , just before weed seeds begin to germinate . Herbicide Precautions : If you opt to use chemical herbicides instead , do not apply 2,4-D when daytime temperatures exceed 75° F. Do not use Trimec or other formulations that mix 2,4-D with other herbicides as these can stunt buffalo and blue grama grass plugs . Fertilizing the First Growing Season : It is beneficial to fertilize your plugs that first growing season to make sure they fill in quickly and cover the bare soil . To minimize soil compaction from walking on the young lawn , spray fish emulsion as a foliar feed in the early morning , one time each month with the last application in August .
MAINTENANCE AND EXTENDED CARE for Established , Plug Grown Lawns :
Watering : Once established Buffalo and Blue Grama grass are very drought tolerant , but they may need extra water during the hottest part of the summer to keep them green and actively growing . Turn on the sprinklers to apply approximately an inch of water every two weeks .
Bella ' bluegrass will need more water each month than Buffalo or Grama in western climates . Water ‘ Bella ' when it gets a gray-green color and the grass blades are folded and thin . If irrigation is not available and you must depend on natural rainfall , Buffalo and Blue Grama may go brown in extended heat and drought but will green-up when the rains return . These native grasses have deep roots that keep them alive through extended drought .
Fertilizing - Never use `` weed-n-feed '' chemical fertilizers as they are damaging to soil health
Buffalo grass varieties ; Legacy , UC Verde and Prestige need to be fertilized twice annually for best appearance . Apply Yum Yum Mix or other organic/natural fertilizer in late spring and again in early fall .
‘ Hachita ' Blue Grama ; needs only one application of Yum Yum Mix applied in early fall .
Bella ' bluegrass : Bella does n't need much fertilizer to maintain its rich deep green color , however , it does need fertilizer to fight off disease . We recommend applying slow release or organic fertilizer , such as Yum Yum mix , 2 to 4 times per year . In poor soils , also apply Yum Yum Mix in early fall .
A 25 lb . bag of Yum Yum Mix will cover about 600 sq . ft. of lawn .
Weed Control : Buffalo and Blue Grama grasses are warm-season growers , meaning they do n't green up until mid- to late spring ( depending on elevation ) . Corn gluten meal application can prevent weeds from germinating . Weeds are best pulled , dug up with a dandelion fork or spot-sprayed with herbicide in early to mid-spring . At this time of the year , these native grasses are still dormant while the weeds are already green and growing . This makes them easy to find and pull . A thorough weeding in early spring is usually sufficient for the entire year .
At a press event , Hyperloop Technologies today announced several bits of news — including a name change — in preparation for its propulsion open-air test ( POAT ) on Wednesday .
The company — now known as Hyperloop One — announced the closing of an $ 80 million funding round that should help to propel ( no pun intended ) the company toward its end-of-year goal of having a minimum viable product for full-scale testing .
“ The overwhelming response we 've had already confirms what we 've always known , that Hyperloop One is at the forefront of a movement to solve one of the planet 's most pressing problems , ” said Hyperloop One cofounder and Executive Chairman Shervin Pishevar . “ The brightest minds are coming together at the right time to eliminate the distances and borders that separate economies and cultures . ”
Today , Hyperloop One boasts more than 150 employees at a state-of-the-art innovation campus in Downtown Los Angeles as well as a test and safety site in North Las Vegas , where the test will take place .
Additionally , the company announced its voluntary participation in privately-funded feasibility studies to examine the social and economic benefits of adding Hyperloop routes in Finland and Sweden , as well as providing a transport solution for containers originating in they port of Long Beach and Los Angeles — a move that stands to significantly reduce air pollution and traffic in an area that 's in desperate need of both .
In order to tap into the full power of the project , Hyperloop also announced its Hyperloop One Global Challenge — an opportunity for the best and brightest minds around the world to collaborate on proposals for how to best use the first Hyperloop One solutions in their region .
The deadline for entries is September 15 , 2016 and the winners will be selected by an expert panel in March , 2017 . The winning projects are to be those that best “ demonstrate the transformative power of Hyperloop and are most likely to gain government , financial and regulatory support . ”
Read next : WhatsApp now has an official desktop app for Windows and Mac
Rep. Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzTop Utah paper knocks Chaffetz as they mull run for governor : ‘ His political career should be over ' Boehner working on memoir : report Former GOP lawmaker on death of 7-year-old migrant girl : Message should be ‘ do n't make this journey , it will kill you ' MORE ( R-Utah ) is asking why Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE 's staff continues to plead the Fifth Amendment if the Democratic presidential nominee themselves is `` clean . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
`` If they think she 's clean , then tell everybody around them to go ahead , stop pleading the Fifth , come to Congress , and tell us the truth because the closest people to Hillary Clinton , they keep pleading the Fifth , '' Chaffetz , chairperson of the House Oversight Committee , said during a Fox News interview on Sunday .
`` Maybe it 's time they stop doing that and actually tell the truth to the American people . They have n't done that yet , '' they added .
On Sunday , Chaffetz released a letter from FBI Director James Comey telling lawmakers that the bureau would not change its conclusion in the investigation into Clinton 's private server and whether the former Secretary of State mishandled classified information .
Late last month , Comey told Congress that Clinton 's case was under new review after the FBI discovered emails potentially relevant to the investigation . It was later reported that those emails , allegedly found during a separate investigation into former Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D-N.Y. ) , were mostly duplicates .
Chaffetz said last month that House Republicans were gearing up for `` years '' of investigations into Clinton should they win the presidency on Nov. 8 .
Conan O'Brien announced this morning they and their TBS late-night show are heading back to New York City for the first time in six years . Conan will spend a week at Harlem 's Apollo Theater , October 31 – November 3 , coinciding with the official start of their season . Conan last did their show from New York in 2010 at the Beacon Theatre ; Jimmy Fallon was among their guests .
No other details mentioned but , these days , late-night shows proliferation can lead to traffic jams on the landscape , so programs like to plant their flags in a week as soon as possible .
Conan 's also returning to Comic-Con International in San Diego in July , marking their second year at the convention , after becoming the first late-night host ever to brave that event with live shows last summer .
Their trip to South Korea is being telecast theirs coming Saturday at 11 PM ET ; last year , they made headlines as the first American late-night host to shoot in Cuba in half a century . That trip stands as their most-watched destination special ; it was checked out by 3.7 million viewers , not far behind the 4.2 million who 'd caught the unveiling of their series when it premiered on November 8 , 2010 , marking their return to television after leaving NBC 's Tonight Show . In November , they became the first American late-night personality ever to host a show from Armenia .
I want to introduce David Bouie , who is fighting back against the Koch brothers as an important part of our Koch Brothers Exposed campaign .
Charles and David Koch own my rights , and it cost them a few hundred dollars . Now , I 'm asking the Koch brothers to come be my guest .
For the 30 years I 've lived on South Penn Road in West Crossett , Arkansas , there has been a rotten odor hurting my friends , family and neighbors . It corrodes metal , and you can smell it everywhere on my street . I firmly believe , and have been told by doctors , that it 's giving my community cancer . It drifts across town and is odorous outside our local Chamber of Commerce 2.5 miles away on Main Street .
The Koch brothers ' Georgia-Pacific years ago paid neighbors on other streets to move away . They got out of here on Georgia-Pacific 's dime , but the company opted to settle with us on the cheap , we learned later . We trusted them , needed the money and now we 've been left behind and left to suffer alone . We can not access a recourse for our health ailments and property damage , which stems from the chemicals that spew from the Koch brothers ' mill and engulf my community .
The best recourse I have is appealing to the Koch brothers personally . David Koch is a cancer survivor and donates millions to fight cancer .
David , if you 're reading this , I want to be your host at 401 South Penn Road . Come stay with me for one day , seven days , I do n't care . We can camp out , and you can smell what I smell . My wife and I will cook for you . I make great pork chops . For breakfast , whatever you want- or I can whip up some grits and eggs . Whatever you like . You 're my guest .
It 'd be my hope we can have some time to go for a walk . You can see for yourself- the fog- and smell for yourself- the rotten air- that I live with every day .
And I pray that I might be able to convince you to clean up this mess and relocate us like Georgia-Pacific did for other communities like ours . Indeed , just as Georgia Pacific compensated Thurman Road residents for their relocation years ago , please be a good neighbor to us . We can not relocate on our own .
We are ground zero . The smell flows from streams near my street . The wind blows it over our homes and the stench is putrid . There 's no describing it . A rotten egg comes close , but the smell changes depending on the season and the time of day .
It scares away my grandchildren when they visit . Like everyone who lives or visits or works in West Crossett , my grandchildren will suffer sore throats , watery eyes and runny noses after one day here . They ultimately stay at a hotel outside of town .
My wife is afraid of going outside , instead living a life of fear and house arrest . The smell outside is too foul and the health consequences of being outside are too severe . They love to be outdoors , but is afraid of the cancer causing chemicals they inhale . We do not leave the windows open , especially not at night . Sleeping would be impossible . Chances are you could n't get any rest , not while inhaling toxic air that causes sneezing sniffling , headaches and more .
Doctors in and out of town refer to our symptoms as the Crossett Crud . It 's an illness that affects our community and other parts of West Crossett near the Georgia-Pacific paper mill , the largest employer in our community of roughly 10,000 people .
Georgia-Pacific gets away with murder , and I have seen no empirical evidence from the EPA or our state environmental protection office that indicates there 's been any testing done to protect us from what doctors tell me are poisonous fumes I inhale day in and day out . I ca n't afford to relocate on my own , and who would want to buy my home with the smell here ?
My community needs help . The local Chamber of Commerce , police , fire department , schools , churches- you name it- are powerless against the Koch brothers . Their subsidiary Georgia-Pacific donates just enough money that local institutions are afraid to bite the hand that , in a poor state like Arkansas , feeds them .
My wife worked at Georgia-Pacific for 25 years and I put in 10 years there making table napkins . My neighbors and family made Georgia-Pacific what it is today .
But November is a long way off , and social issues reverberate in complex ways in a state that has a reputation for moderation but also produced Jesse Helms , the arch-conservative United States senator . Carter Wrenn , a longtime political strategist who worked with Mr. Helms , said Democrats had been winning arguments over the law of late . But they said Republicans would have time to make the case to voters that the law helps ensure privacy and security in public restrooms .
“ We 're not sure how this is all going to turn out , ” Mr. Wrenn said .
The issue is particularly troublesome for Mr. McCrory . Exit polls from 2012 show that they received the support of 49 percent of voters who described themselves as moderate and 19 percent of self-described liberals .
Mr. McCrory , 59 , last week could barely contain their irritation that the law had taken center stage in the election , siphoning attention from their central message : that they have been a wise flight attendant of the economy who had engineered what they and their team have branded the “ Carolina Comeback . ”
This hornet 's nest , they argued , was first kicked not by him , but by the Democratic City Council in Charlotte , which passed a nondiscrimination ordinance in February allowing transgender people to use men 's or women 's bathrooms . Before it passed , they said , they emailed the Council to warn it that if it changed “ basic restroom and locker room norms , ” they would be forced to support a state law overriding them .
On Thursday , they said they suspected that the entire matter had been orchestrated by Democrats and the Human Rights Campaign , a national gay rights group , to give Democrats an advantage in a tight governor 's race .
The backlash , they said , has allowed for no dialogue on “ a very complex issue. ” Dissenters to the left-wing position , they said , were being intimidated . Mr. McCrory used the word “ Orwellian ” twice .
VIENNA — Secretary of State John Kerry warned Iran on Sunday that hard choices were still needed to seal a landmark nuclear accord , and that the United States was prepared to walk away if a sound agreement could not be reached .
“ We are not yet where we need to be on several of the most difficult issues , ” Mr. Kerry said in a statement in front of the Palais Coburg , the Vienna hotel where the talks are being held . “ This negotiation could go either way . ”
Mr. Kerry 's remarks came two days before a target date for wrapping up the agreement and as foreign ministers from the other world powers involved in the talks are heading here for what is intended to be the homestretch in the long-running negotiations .
Mr. Kerry said it was still possible to reach an agreement by Tuesday , which would enable the Obama administration to submit the deal to Congress this week for a 30-day review period .
CLOSE Police say a 59-year-old man accidentally shot another man while they were showing them a gun they were selling .
Buy Photo Argus 911 tile ( Photo : Argus Leader ) Buy Photo
Sioux Falls police say a man 's sales pitch for a gun became less enticing when they accidentally shot the potential buyer .
Agustin Perez , 59 , was arrested early Sunday morning , after police say they were one of a few people drinking in the 500 block of North Indiana Avenue .
Police spokesperson Sam Clemens said Perez pulled out a gun they were trying to sell to a 35-year-old man , and began explaining to them how it worked .
They racked the handgun slide , Clemens said , and then accidentally fired a round into the victim 's left shoulder .
The victim walked back to their home across the street , Clemens said , where they later called police , and was taken to a local hospital .
Perez was charged with reckless discharge of a firearm and discharging a firearm while intoxicated — and then , once police determined then gun was stolen , they were also charged with grand theft .
More Argus911 : Police look for suspects in weekend casino robberies
Read or Share this story : http : //www.argusleader.com/story/news/crime/2017/09/05/police-gun-sale-went-south-when-man-accidentally-shot-buyer/633504001/
Henok the most talented skater in Ethiopia , doing what they always do – crazy stuff – kickflipping down a Container .
The Berlin-based photographer Daniel Reiter headed to Ethiopia in January 2015 to work on a documentary assignment , though knew they also wanted to dedicate some of their time in the country to a second , more personal project . Ahead of the trip Daniel discovered Ethiopia 's emerging skate scene via ethiopiaskate.org , exchanged some emails with skaters , and immediately saw the potential of this story , they explain : “ One of the best things about skating is how it illustrates , perhaps more so than with other sports , just how strong and tough these kids are . They move with unstoppable courage , and if they fall they just get back up again ” .
After exchanging a few emails , the photographer became confident that these kids were for real . They decided to equip them with as much skate gear and apparel as possible , which they brought with them to the two photo sessions they squeezed into their tight schedule . While they did evidently hope to help fulfil these young kids ' shared dream of becoming pro-skaters , there was more to this act of generosity . Skateboarding is empowering , and Daniel believes that by expanding this scene in Ethiopia , the nation 's youth will be encouraged to “ get off the streets and onto their skateboards ” .
Initially the refusal of many people to be photographed on the streets of Ethiopia frustrated him : “ I was met with an overriding refusal to be photographed from my potential subjects , demands for money , or a suspicious and aggressive questioning of my motives . So I had to adopt a new approach to my street photography and began shooting from the hip with a 28mm lens . This worked out great . Fortunately the skaters I met through Ethiopia Skate were down with me shooting them through the viewfinder ” .
Ethiopia 's skate culture is still at an early stage , but Daniel recognised the passion and drive of these young skaters who they met through Ethiopia Skate and photographed on the streets of Addis Abeba . Everything was so fast , they had little time to consider the composition , so they made the conscious decision to focus more on capturing the skaters ' skills and innovative styles .
A selection of the images from Ethiopia Skate will be shown in an exhibition about modern Ethiopia entitled Ethiopia Today at Kunststation Kleinsassen in Germany from 6th June until August 28th . Their exhibition will be shown again in Berlin this autumn , with new images from their second trip in Ethiopia .
Henok and Natty near Piazza , while two men are amazed by their skating
Eyol Papi and Jonathan Arki skating at Sarbet Parking Lot – one of the few skatespots in Addis Abeba
Henok and Eyob having fun with a rotten vintage car .
Henok riding down a supermarkt ramp – a typical street spot the kids always try to skate until the guards chase them away .
Henok jumping off a guards night housing container
Henok 's last session on the old and rotten mini-ramp at the Gabriel Kebele Youth Center , before it 's demolished to make space for Ethiopia 's first skatepark .
All images © Daniel Reiter
Globetrotting investigative journalist Jeremy Scahill has spent years prying into state secrets and secret wars . In 2007 , they wrote Blackwater , a book about Washington 's favoured private-security corporation , while 2013 's Dirty Wars centred on battles waged by U.S. spies and special-forces soldiers .
Now , as one of three founding editors of the online news site The Intercept , they are delving into documents leaked by Edward Snowden . They spoke to The Globe and Mail about the U.S. National Security Agency , the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and their Five Eyes adjuncts in Canada . Mr. Scahill will be in Toronto on Thursday to speak at a Canadian Journalism Foundation event hosted by The Globe 's editor-in-chief , David Walmsley .
Last week , you wrote about the international data exchanges surrounding U.S. drone strikes . The average Canadian does not think our government is privy to these programs .
Story continues below advertisement
If you look at what we just published , at the very top is the top-secret designation , and then it describes who that information is shared with : The U.S. , Australia , Great Britain , Canada and New Zealand .
Canada , being a member of the Five Eyes coalition , is not simply a passive player . Canada is very well aware of the extent of the U.S. targeted-killing program . Canada feeds intelligence into systems that are widely distributed .
Say that Canada has sent intelligence to the United States that was used to track and kill a Canadian [ terrorism suspect abroad ] . Now , is Canada firing the missile ? No . Is Canada piloting the drone ? No . Would they have been able to kill that individual without Canadian support ? I do n't know .
That 's a debate that should be had in countries who claim : `` We 're not involved in that dirty business… ''
Last decade , federal commissions of inquiry looked into Canadian citizens detained and sent to Syria by the CIA . But with drone strikes , nobody could come back to seek redress .
One of the key revelations of the Edward Snowden affair is that the so-called Five Eyes are part of a behemoth . Because surveillance has intensified in all of these countries , including Canada , it means they are playing a key role in what is becoming a global national-security state imposed upon the rest of the world by a handful of governments .
How accountable are the Five Eyes to their respective governments ?
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
There is very high turnover in Western governments in terms of whom the figureheads are . In Canada , as in the United States , there is a parallel sort of shadow government that exists . This is n't tin-foil-hat conspiracy stuff – the national-security bureaucracy is unelected , and those people do n't have to worry about approval ratings .
Canadian politicians who authorize surveillance often do n't familiarize themselves with all the details of the request before they sign off .
How is a politician who does n't specialize in these issues going to stand up to a career intelligence official who says , `` If you do n't give us these things , we are going to be in danger ? ''
It would be an extraordinary person of principle who would say , ' I 'm going to hit pause on all of it until I fully understand it . '
What is all this going to look like in 25 , 50 or 100 years time ?
The future is here in a lot of ways when it comes to how the U.S. wages wars . Part of it is use of drones , part of it is a wider embrace of covert lethal actions , or kidnap operations . It 's only a matter of time before China and Russia start to assert the same right that the United States is asserting : To fly a robot into another country and kill someone because they labelled them a terrorist .
Story continues below advertisement
In Canada , two Canadian Forces soldiers were killed by individuals who allegedly claimed allegiance to the Islamic State . The government is now campaigning on its ability to fight terrorism .
The ISIS propaganda videos are most appealing to lost souls . This is not about Islam hypnotizing people into becoming terrorists . We should be reviewing some of these cases in the same way we view an investigation into why someone shoots up a high school .
But the 1999 Columbine shooting had 13 murder victims ; the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks had [ nearly ] 3,000 .
The 9/11 attacks – these [ hijackers ] were people who were part of actual al-Qaeda cells . Devoted ideologues . These were people who viewed themselves as committed guerrillas fighting a war for their religion .
They are totally different than people who get radicalized by watching a beheading video . Completely different narratives .
Looking at the plots that the FBI has broken up in the United States , what you are largely seeing are people who were already very vulnerable , already very lost . We need to be more nuanced .
Story continues below advertisement
You wrote about the NSA hacking the European phone-chip maker Gemalto .
They had gone into the computer network of the manufacturer of SIM cards that provides [ the chips ] to huge telecom companies and gained access to the network in an effort to steal encryption keys before they were shipped .
After we did that story , we 've heard from all sorts of people who have worked in U.S. intelligence . This is a very common , widespread tactic . One being used to target companies housed or incorporated in the borders of U.S. allies .
You also wrote about the CIA fiddling with iPhone operating systems .
The CIA wants that option . They do n't want to have to hack into an individual phone . They want an existing back door .
Tim Cook , the CEO of Apple , has been standing up against U.S. government calls to put back doors in their phones .
Story continues below advertisement
The other way [ for U.S. intelligence ] is to study ways to force a back door and essentially hack the iPhone 's hardware and software . But it 's not just Apple . They also went after Microsoft . They are going after Androids .
This interview has been condensed and edited . The Globe and Mail 's SecureDrop service provides a secure way to share information with our journalists .
It 's Friday , I have a PTQ to play tomorrow , I have no deck , and I have played zero games of Modern . It seems that a lot of my tournament reports have been starting out like this lately , but such is the life of a student . That week was particularly stressful , as I had two midterms , a take-home exam ( do n't ask ) , and an assignment . On top of the workload , I was coming down with a cold , so I had absolutely no time to prepare . Luckily , I 've been playing Magic long enough that I have a rather large network of contacts from whom to draw upon , and this time , it was Sam Tharmaratnam who came to the rescue . They shipped me the following list :
It 's fairly similar to Michael Hetrick 's ( better known as shipitholla on Magic Online ) list with a few changes . This is actually a deck I 'm reasonably comfortable playing without any practice . It suits my style , and I 've played a lot of Fish-style aggro-control decks in my day . Most of the cards are fairly self-explanatory , but I 'll run through some of the more important ones :
If I had to pick one card that makes this deck work , it would be this one . In fact , I would go as far as to say that this deck 's entire game plan is to protect Geist at all costs . I 'd even say that most of the games I lost were because I did n't draw this card . It 's that good .
The W/U man land really shines in this deck . When combined with Geist of Saint Traft , you can close out games very quickly once you gain control . I pretty much always want one in my opening hand and would never play fewer than four .
I was n't super-impressed with this card , but it definitely has its uses . It comes in for a variety of matchups , but it is probably best against decks that try to win with Splinter Twin or Kiki-Jiki , Mirror Breaker . As Hetrick pointed out in their videos , you can name Deceiver Exarch since it 's a lot easier for you to remove a Pestermite is . That makes it fairly difficult for the opponent to win , but you should n't rely on it too much . You still need to put pressure on them or else they have all the time in the world to find an answer .
This is something of a concession to the Eggs deck , though it also comes in against Affinity and Birthing Pod decks . You never want this in multiples , though I feel that one is n't enough to draw it consistently .
Jund decks are starting to play Thrun , the Last Troll , which is actually a giant beating against this deck . What applied to Standard last year still applies now , so Phantasmal Image is a highly efficient answer . It 's also pretty good in the mirror when you 're trying to win Geist fights .
There was a decent chance my PTQ was going to be doomed from the start since there was a little thing called Winter Storm Nemo going on at the time . My parents strongly suggested that I skip this one , but I was n't going to let a little snow get in the way of slinging some cardboard crack . Luckily , my buddy Jesse was driving us in their luxurious Toyota Tundra , and like true Canadians , we hit the highway Friday night in the middle of a blizzard .
I 'm sick .
I 'm on no sleep .
I 've done hardly any playtesting .
I know hardly anything about this format .
This should go well .
Any day I start with IHOP is a good day , though , and start my morning with delicious pancakes and bottomless coffee I did . It 's been a while since I PTQ 'd at Pandemonium Games , and I was instantly reminded of how much better run their PTQs are than ours . It 's the little things that make a big difference , like complementary score pads and pens . A cheaper entry fee and better prize support certainly helps , too . I did n't take super-detailed notes , but here 's the round-by-round as I remember it :
Round 1 vs. Jacob Hutchinson with R/W/U
Sword of War and Peace . They had no other creatures in play , and I took the opportunity to resolve a Geist of Saint Traft . I had a bunch of burn spells in hand , so I would presumably be able to stop them from doing anything with it . I did n't really expect them to play Snapcaster Mage as a Coral Merfolk , though . I was planning on trading it off with a Vendilion Clique , but they had an Electrolyze to stop that noise , and I found myself on the losing side of the damage race . In retrospect , I should n't have tapped out to play the Geist , and I should have played more conservatively .
Game 2 , I started things off with a mulligan , but my six-card hand had two Geists , so I could n't really lose . Game 3 gave me multiple Remands , which drew me into Geists , and I was able to overwhelm my opponent with Angel tokens and a Colonnade .
Round 2 vs. Matt Karczewski with R/G Tron
Geist of Saint Traft , but they countered with a Karn Liberated , opting to use the +4 ability . I tanked for a while , deciding which card to exile—a Vendilion Clique or a Restoration Angel . I ultimately decided to hold on to the Angel since it survives Pyroclasm . I casually drew a Slayers ' Stronghold and crashed in for 8 . They got in two more activations with Karn and even played a Wurmcoil Engine , but it was n't enough . I attacked with my Geist and flashed in my Angel to prevent the life-gain from the Wurmcoil . The Angel token hit them for exact damage .
Round 3 vs. Gary Zogopoulos W/U Merfolk
Geist of Saint Traft is still important , but it 's more of a late-game finisher here than an early play .
Well , that 's pretty much what happened , although I did lose Game 1 . I burned away all of their Lords , and the rest of their deck was fairly unimpressive . Electrolyze was an all-star here , and the post-board Threads of Disloyalty and Engineered Explosives really put the game away .
Round 4 vs. Morgan McLaughlin with Birthing Pod
Birthing Pod in Modern on , including making multiple PTQ Top 16s . I had n't yet played against this deck , and I 'm really not familiar with all of the ways it can win , so I felt that I was at a disadvantage . Game 1 was a long , drawn-out war of attrition , but I could n't stop them from eventually bringing a Birthing Pod online . Morgan started explaining that I was dead , but I insisted that they show me the combo . A bunch of activations of Birthing Pod later and to Morgan 's horror , they realized that I already killed all of their Restoration Angel s , and they were forced to fizzle out .
DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING ! ! ! !
To make matters worse for him , they paid enough life to their Birthing Pod that my attack from Geist of Saint Traft and Celestial Colonnade was lethal .
In Game 2 , I may have played a little too aggressively . I tapped out for a Geist of Saint Traft and promptly died . This is where my lack of familiarity with their deck really hurt me since I had no idea when I was safe and when I had to hold back .
For Game 3 , I boarded all of my counters back in and played a tempo game with him . I drew multiple Remands to keep them on the back foot , and some timely Path to Exiles let me force damage through . I also had a backbreaking Mana Leak on their Restoration Angel , and the combination of my 4-power flyers and burn spells successfully put them away .
Round 5 vs. Chris Weidinger with W/U Merfolk
This went pretty much the same way as the previous W/U Merfolk matchup did . I killed all of their creatures and eventually put them away with some combination of Geist of Saint Traft and Celestial Colonnade .
All right ! One more win , and I can comfortably draw into Top 8 .
Round 6 vs. Mark Sun with R/W/U Geist
Geist of Saint Traft . Game 2 , they were stalled on lands , and they just kind of assumed he 'd be dead . Normally , this is good for me , but I had been severely flooded and did n't draw any Geists . Once they finally did draw lands , I was in serious trouble . I also was blown out by a Counterflux , a card I had no idea was even being played in Modern . I might have played differently had I known they had it , but in the end , they were able to trump everything I did .
Game 3 , they took a mulligan to four cards . Normally , this is good for me , but I had a hand full of burn spells and no real way to take advantage of them not doing anything early . I made a mistake here that cost me the match : They played a Sowing Salt on my only red source . What I should have done was cast a Lightning Helix in response to their dome . My thinking at the time was that this was an attrition-based match and that I should n't waste cards . I was bound to draw another red source soon . Well , I did n't for a while , and the last turn came down to me being 3 damage short of killing them and dying for exact damage to their Celestial Colonnade .
I feel that I made a good judgment call based on the information I had at the time—it just blew up in my face in the worst possible way . It 's not often I lose to a Bull to four , so I have to give props to Mark for not giving up .
Round 7 vs. Zee Babar with R/U/G Splinter Twin
Splinter Twin combo , with Deathrite Shaman s and Tarmogoyf s. The first game was back-and-forth for a bit , but they were able to combo off with Dispel backup . The sideboarded games went a lot better for me , as I had more counterspells . Runed Halo did some work shutting off part of their combo .
My opponent did make some questionable plays during the match that I was able to take advantage of . In the deciding game , they played a Splinter Twin on a Pestermite that had summoning sickness . I informed them that they did n't have two red sources , and they were forced to retap their mana and tap one of their two Deathrite Shamans . On my turn , I attacked with Geist of Saint Traft , and they chump-blocked with their other Deathrite Shaman . This cleared the way for my Lightning Helix on their Pestermite , as they no longer had the mana to play their Negate .
Standings
After looking at the standings , I was fairly confident I could draw into Top 8 , as I had the second-highest tiebreakers of the 18-pointers . My opponent in the last round was Christian Ladoucer , a player from Windsor I 've met on a few occasions and even teamed with at a Toronto Trios tournament . They took me up on the offer to draw even though they are n't necessarily guaranteed to make the cut . I 'd feel like a scumbag if I made it and they did n't , but the onus is really on them to figure out if they can safely draw or not . It all worked out , though , as I finished in seventh and they in eighth . The Top 8 was pretty sweet , actually , as half of it was Canadian players . Other than Christian and I , Morgan and Jesse also made it in . One of us had to take it down . . . FOR THE MOTHERLAND .
Quarterfinals vs. Stephen Rakovich with Affinity
Vault Skirge and a Mox Opal , but no third artifact or second land . They failed to draw anything before I slammed down Electrolyze on turn three . They eventually started to get something going , but I cast Electrolyze two more times that game courtesy of Snapcaster Mage . Tiago Chan teamed up with Vendilion Clique ( which got rid of an Etched Champion I previously Remand ed ) , and I put the game away very quickly .
For Game 2 , I came up with the hilarious sideboard plan of bringing in Stony Silence and a bunch of artifacts . That may seem insane , but the way I see it , they ca n't win with a Stony Silence in play unless they already have a Cranial Plating equipped or has a massive threat in play , in which case I 'm not going to play it . Batterskull is still fine as a 4/4 lifelinker even with a Stony Silence in play . I ended up not drawing it , but Engineered Explosives did a pretty darn good job of cleaning up their board . We had a bit of a staring contest in which I did n't want to trade my Geist of Saint Traft for their Ethersworn Canonist , but I eventually drew a burn spell to start the beatdown .
Jesse lost their match against R/G Tron , but the rest of us Canucks made it through to the semis .
Semifinals vs. Morgan McLaughlin with Birthing Pod
Vendilion Clique and Celestial Colonnade . Morgan played a Phantasmal Image to get rid of my legendary flyer , seeing my hand of two Geist of Saint Traft . They were at 5 life and had no blockers . I had a bunch of live draws , as any burn spell takes them out along with an attack from my Colonnade . I draw my card : Slayers ' Stronghold . Well , it 's like a burn spell . I play the Stronghold , play a Geist of Saint Traft , give it haste , and attack for 8 . GAME !
The next two games did n't go quite as well , however . Morgan sided in a bunch of beefy dudes like Thrun , the Last Troll and Obstinate Baloth . That made things very awkward for me , as I was more focused on stopping their combo and was n't equipped to fight on this angle . I think I missideboarded for Game 3 , as I once again had a hard time dealing with their army of 4/4s . I boarded back into my counterspell suite , but I should have left Negate in the sideboard . I thought that their Thrun was a one-of , so I did n't bring in my Phantasmal Images , and that proved to be a mistake . I did my best to race , but a Zealous conscript combined with a Deceiver Exarch to tap my blocker did me in on the last turn . Again , my lack of familiarity with their deck really came back to bite me . I feel that I could have won if I had been better prepared .
The R/G Tron player proved to be our nemesis , as they took out Christian in the semis and then Morgan in the finals .
Wrapping Up
All things considered , I had a pretty solid finish , and I definitely performed above my expectations . I still have some other PTQs in my area I 'm planning on attending , so do n't count me out of Pro Tour : San Diego just yet .
Aside : Can I just say once again that the prize support at Pandemonium is awesome ? I mean , LOOK at all this swag !
Thanks for reading and I 'll see you guys next time .
Nassim Ketita
arcticninja on Magic Online
http : //www.youtube.com/nketita
High-Altitude Applications In high-altitude flights , in other words greater than 20,000ft , the chances for pyrogen to ignite in its entireity and thus produce enough gas to expel the recovery system drops dramatically . If , at this altitude , your drogue chute fails to eject , it will mean disaster for your rocket . As your rocket is tumbling or ballistically diving towards the ground , your main chute may eject , but the speed of the descent would be so great that it 's likely that recovery system will fail in some way as well . With CO2 , there is only a small amount of pyrogen and it 's packed in such a way that it will ignite fully and the system will work as it should at any altitude . The gas that ejects the recovery system is compressed CO2 , so you 're not trying to rely on large amounts of black powder to produce enough gas to expel the parachute . Safety increase , particularly for large diameter rockets . The larger the recovery compartment , the more gas pressure is needed to expel your recovery system . In most rockets , the ejection charge is a black powder contained within a vessel , whether that be , in smaller motors , the actual motor or in the case of dual deployment and larger motors , a separate ejection canister . As the scale of your rocket goes up , so does the amount of BP that you need , as does the risk of premature ignition . With the CO2 system , you can seriously scale back on the amount of BP needed to eject the recovery system in large rockets , increasing the safety of your rocket and set-up many-fold . Cleanliness The relatively miniscule amount of BP/pyrogen in your rocket will nearly eliminate the burnt smell and residue inside of your rocket * , as well as keep your parachutes from burning . The CO2 in the canisters is clean and odorless , resulting in less cleanup time for future launches . * Well , it wo n't add to it . Whatever smells were in the tubes before you used the CD3 are not our responsibility . It 's just cool . While this product is primarily aimed at larger , high-altitude rockets , once you 've got your kit , you 'll want to use it on all your low-altitude rockets too ! Yeah , everyone can pour some powder pyrogen into a canister with some tape , but you 'll be ejecting your parachutes with class . Disadvantages It weighs more than your standard ejection canister . It 's all aluminum , so it 's relatively light , but it still adds weight .
It 's more complicated to assemble than a standard ejection canister .
It 's more costly than an ejection canister & pyrogen ( ? ) It 's got a higher initial cost than an ejection canister & pyrogen ( ? )
It wo n't fit in small rockets - minimum diameter is 2 '' ( 50mm ) .
Fukushima prefecture has asked the Japanese Self-Defense Forces for help in handling forest fires that have swept areas near the crippled Fukushima power plant , local media report . Strong winds are hindering the firefighting efforts , however .
Read more
The forest fires broke out near the town of Namie , some seven kilometers from the disabled Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant , on Saturday evening , Japanese NHK broadcaster reported .
Namie was evacuated following the 2011 tsunami and subsequent nuclear disaster in Fukushima .
READ MORE : 80 % of voluntary Fukushima evacuees unwilling to return home – survey
The prefecture has deployed several helicopters to extinguish the fires , which are believed to have been caused by lightning . According to police , at least 10 hectares of forest have burned in the area .
There have been no reports of injuries or damage to buildings so far , Japanese media say .
With strong winds stoking the flames , the Fukushima Prefecture has requested help from the Self-Defense Forces , Japan 's de-facto army , on Sunday .
Earlier in April , residents of Namie , as well as those from the village of Iitate and the town of Kawamata 's Yamakiya neighborhood , totaling 22,100 people in all , were told they could return home – with the exception of those with houses in so-called no-go zones , where radiation levels are still too high , according to Japanese media .
So far , the homecoming has not been as successful as the government had hoped , as few residents have been eager to go back .
Results of a Fukushima Prefectural Government survey released on April 24 show that some 78.2 percent of the evacuated households have no intention of returning to their previous residences and plan to remain in the area they evacuated to .
McDonald 's Corp. 's Japanese business will raise some burger prices by much as 25 percent next month , the fast food chain 's first increase in the country since 2008 .
Hamburger prices will go up to ¥120 from ¥100 and cheeseburgers will rise to ¥150 from ¥120 in Japan in May , McDonald 's Holdings Co. Japan Ltd. said in a statement Thursday . The hikes are part of the company 's plan to boost profitability rather than a rise in materials prices , it said .
McDonald 's chose to raise prices after the Japanese unit reported a 12 percent drop in operating profit last year . Fewer discounts drove March same-store sales 3.6 percent lower for the 12th consecutive monthly decline .
The restaurant chain is also raising the price of a small shake to ¥120 from ¥100 , and some chicken products to ¥120 from ¥100 . The price of a small order of fries will come down to ¥150 from the previous range of ¥190 to ¥230 .
The fast food chain has been testing the price changes in the Fukuoka region since January , and “ judged the new pricing took the balance between the customer satisfaction and our profitability , ” said spokesperson Kenji Kaniya via phone .
“ Our pricing policy is demand-based and not cost-based , so it 's not because of increasing material prices , ” they said .
WASHINGTON , DC - NOVEMBER 18 : Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( L ) ( R-KY ) answers questions with members of the Republican senate leadership following the weekly Republican policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol November 18 , 2014 in Washington , DC . Members of the leadership discussed a possible vote of the Keystone XL pipeline that may take place later today . Also pictured is Sen. John Cornyn ( R ) ( R-TX ) . ( Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images )
WASHINGTON -- More than three months into the new Congress , Senate Republicans held their first vote on one of President Barack Obama 's judicial nominees on Monday evening .
In a 95-0 vote , the Senate easily confirmed Alfred Bennett to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas . They fill a court seat that 's been vacant for 769 days , and one with such a heavy caseload that it 's considered a `` judicial emergency . '' That means the judges on that court are taking on more than 600 cases , or that they 've carried a load of 430 to 600 cases for more than 18 months .
Republicans have been slow-walking action on Obama 's judicial nominees ever since they took control of the Senate in January -- even if that has meant jamming their own nominees . Bennett , for example , has had the support of their home-state senators , John Cornyn ( R-Texas ) and Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) , yet has endured committee delays and floor vote delays for weeks . Two other Texas nominees are ready for votes and could easily have been scheduled for Monday , but were not . All three were first nominated in September .
Another Utah judicial nominee is ready for a vote , and has the support of Utah 's GOP Sens . Orrin Hatch and Mike Lee , but did not get scheduled for a vote .
Bennett was actually confirmed in less time , 207 days , than most of Obama 's judicial nominees were when Democrats controlled the Senate . But Democrats point to Republicans ' use of procedural maneuvers to delay those nominees .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Merseyside vicar is facing jail after pleading guilty to making and possessing thousands of indecent images of children .
The Rev Ian Hughes , who was priest in charge of the Wirral parishes Poulton and Seacombe , admitted 16 counts relating to more than 8,000 images and movies when they appeared at Liverpool Crown Court today .
Hughes , 46 , appeared in the dock wearing a dark suit and tie without their trademark nose ring and dog collar and replied guilty as each charge was put to him .
They also admitted possession of an extreme pornographic image that was “ grossly offensive and disgusting ” involving an animal .
Hughes was charged following a search of their home on Brougham Road , Wallasey , on May 22 last year .
Pornographic material recovered included more than 6,000 images and movies at the lowest category of seriousness , more than 1,000 at category two , more than 500 at categories three and four and more than 60 at category five , the most serious .
Judge David Aubrey adjourned sentencing until January 28 so a pre-sentence report could be written and said Hughes would have to sign on the sex offenders register immediately .
They told him : “ You will now be subject to the relevant requirements on the register .
“ The court will consider all matters on that day and determine what is the appropriate sentence .
“ All sentencing options will remain open to the court . ”
In recent years Reverend Hughes won a £270,000 Heritage Lottery grant to rebuild the spire at St Paul 's and oversaw the move of the congregation of St Luke 's in Poulton to Park Primary after the church building closed .
Following their arrest on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children they were suspended by both the Church of England and Wallasey school Park Primary where they were a governor .
After charges were brought against them a spokesperson for the Church of England 's Diocese of Chester said : “ Ian Hughes was suspended from all church duties as soon as these very serious and disturbing allegations became known to us . ”
An Attack on Titan fan going by the name `` Jacqueline '' posted a video to NicoNico last Thursday of a reproduction of the three-dimensional maneuver gear used in the manga and anime . The device shoots anchors that stick to walls , shoots gas from the back for `` propulsion , '' and contains a blade replacement system .
( To turn off the scrolling comments in the above video , select the word balloon icon on the bottom right corner of the video . )
The television anime adaptation of Hajime Isayama 's manga about the battles between humans and the giants who now rule the world outside humans ' walled enclaves premiered in Japan in April , and Funimation and Crunchyroll are both streaming the series as it airs . Funimation will release the series on home video in North America next year . Kodansha Comics is releasing the manga in North America .
[ Via Hachima Kikō , Kotaku ]
Watch Natalia Veselnitskaya describe their meeting with Donald Trump Jr. in an exclusive interview with @ KeirSimmons https : //t.co/6V6ZO1OaRC — NBC News ( @ NBCNews ) July 11 , 2017
WASHINGTON — A Russian lawyer tells NBC 's “ Today ” show that they were summoned to Trump Tower during last year 's presidential campaign to meet with Donald Trump Jr. and asked if they had information on the Clinton campaign . The lawyer , Natalia Veselnitskaya , told NBC they received a phone call from a man they did n't know and was told to meet with the Trump campaign . They say they did n't have information on the Clinton campaign and has never worked for the Russian government .
NBC 's “ Today ” and MSNBC aired an interview of the lawyer on Tuesday . It 's their first public comment since Donald Trump Jr. acknowledged that they made time for the meeting hoping to get information on Clinton , their father 's Democratic presidential opponent .
READ MORE : Trump Jr. admits they wanted info on Clinton from Russian
Veselnitskaya says Jared Kushner , Donald Trump 's son-in-law , attended the meeting but left after a few minutes . Paul Manafort , then Trump 's campaign chairperson , also attended but never participated and spent much of the meeting on their phone . It was n't clear from the NBC report who in the meeting asked them for information .
On Clinton , they say through a translator : “ It 's quite possible they were looking for information . They wanted it so badly . ”
WATCH : Why Donald Trump Jr. 's meeting to discuss damaging Clinton info matters
Marilinda Garcia , a GOP millennial candidate for Congress in New Hampshire , accuses incumbent Rep. Ann Kuster , D-N.H. , of spending constituents ' taxes while avoiding paying their own .
The Garcia campaign points to a Feb. 4 , 2013 article from WMUR 9 , a local ABC affiliate , which revealed Kuster had been delinquent on more than $ 40,000 in personal property taxes for the prior three years , and at the time still owed nearly $ 11,000 in late property tax bills .
One day after the WMUR report about Kuster 's unpaid taxes , the member of congress paid all that they owed . Kuster gave no reason for the delinquencies beyond “ we got behind . ”
The Garcia campaign told the Examiner that for now , the ad is only on the Web and they are not putting any money into airing it . They would n't say if they planned to run the ad on TV in the future .
The $ 200,000 figure cited in the ad as Kuster 's lobbying pay is not mentioned in the article the ad cites . The Concord Monitor states that Kuster made $ 1.3 million in lobbying fees between 1989 to 2009 , including $ 145,000 from pharmaceutical-related organizations and companies , but does n't mention the exact amount they were earning per year at the end of their two decades of work .
Polls in the district consistently show Kuster ahead of Garcia , although their lead varies widely from double-digits to just a few points .
During the federal government shutdown , it will literally take an act of Congress for rafters to float the Grand Canyon , and those who already have permits are protesting .
On Tuesday , three groups of rafters—48 people total—with permits to launch met armed National Park rangers and law-enforcement officials blocking off the entrance to Lees Ferry , the put-in for the Grand Canyon .
The rafters protested and were dispersed by law enforcement officials . They were forced to camp in the parking lot at a nearby lodge for the night .
“ Our group has spent over $ 30,000 to plan this trip and make it happen , ” Drew Huemmier of Philadelphia told the Arizona Daily Sun on Tuesday . “ Now we are being told to go home by unpaid park rangers . ”
There are hundreds of fortunate rafters already on the Colorado River . But groups with a permit scheduled for today forward will be turned away .
In the coming weeks , two to three groups of rafters per day are scheduled to enter the river , which means that the crowd outside of Lees Ferry will likely grow .
As of Wednesday , the entrance to the river was still blocked off , and rafters were back at the barricade .
“ If I try to go back tomorrow , we 'll have to pay hundreds in flight-change fees , ” said Scott Lee , one of the many rafters stranded at Lees Ferry . “ I think we all have no choice but to just try to wait it out . ”
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt , right , pictured with Steve Hansen and Wayne Smith after Ireland 's first win over the All Blacks , is one of a number of top Kiwi coaches working overseas .
OPINION : New Zealand Rugby may soon qualify for an Export Institute award with the number of Kiwi coaches now plying their trade with top teams overseas .
The world 's top clubs and national federations will be queueing up to sign New Zealander Warren Gatland after they leave Wales at the end of the 2019 Rugby World Cup tournament .
As it stands today , at least six of the 20 teams at the next World Cup finals in Japan will have New Zealanders as head coaches - the All Blacks ( Steve Hansen ) , Wales ( Gatland ) , Ireland ( Joe Schmidt ) , Japan ( Jamie Joseph ) , Fiji ( John McKee ) and Georgia ( Milton Haig ) .
GETTY IMAGES Former Chiefs coach Dave Rennie has had early success with the Glasgow Warriors .
Kiwis are also coaching in the five top overseas leagues - the English Premiership , France 's Top 14 , the PRO 14 competition ( featuring sides from Ireland , Wales , Scotland , Italy and South Africa ) , Japan 's Top League and South Africa 's Currie Cup .
READ MORE :
* No sabbatical for Cane
* Cully : Quade Cooper in fight of their life
* Wallabies name Bledisloe test squad
* Gatland 's replacement shortlist
* Nonu 's Toulon shade Scarlets
Todd Blackadder , director of rugby at Bath , is the only New Zealander in charge of an English Premiership club . The ex-All Blacks captain , 46 , is in their second season at Bath after eight years at the Crusaders .
FILE PHOTO : MARK KOLBE/ GETTY IMAGES Robbie Deans has won three titles in Japan .
Another ex-All Black , Pat Lam , is a premiership coach in waiting with their cash-rich Bristol club top of the Championship second tier league . Lam , 49 , won a PRO 12 title with Galway-based Connacht before moving to England 's west .
Four of the 14 PRO 14 clubs have Kiwis at the helm .
Wayne Pivac , the former Auckland , Northland and Blues coach , helmed Welsh club Scarlets to the PRO 12 title last season , following Lam ( Connacht ) and Schmidt ( Leinster ) to the winners ' podium .
Dianne Manson Rob Penney ( L ) had numerous title successes with Canterbury . and now works in Japan .
Pivac has been at the Llanelli-based club since 2014 .
Dave Rennie - a two-time Super Rugby winner with the Chiefs - won six consecutive PRO 14 games with the Glasgow Warriors before tasting European Champions Cup defeat to English champions Exeter on Sunday ( NZ Time ) .
Rennie 's former Chiefs assistant , longtime Tasman Makos head coach Kieran Keane , has taken Lam 's old gig in Galway , in charge of Connacht .
HENRY BROWNE/REUTERS After eight years with the Crusaders , Todd Blackadder is now the boss at Bath .
Namesake Kieran Crowley - the former All Blacks fullback and ex-Taranaki coach - is living la dolce vita in Italy as boss man at Benetton Treviso . Crowley , 56 , also has international head coaching experience , having taken Canada to the 2011 and 2015 World Cup finals .
The French Top 14 boasts three Kiwi head coaches .
Simon Mannix , the former Wellington , Hurricanes and All Blacks first five-eighth , has been coaching in Europe for a decade .
Atsushi Tomura Japan 's Kiwi coach Jamie Joseph .
The 46-year-old has been head coach at Pau - where ex-All Blacks Conrad Smith , Colin Slade , Tom Taylor and Jamie Mackintosh play - since 2014 after backs coaching jobs at Racing 92 from 2007-11 and with Munster from 2012 to 2014 . Mannix has spent the best part of 20 years overseas since joining the Sale Sharks as a player in 1997 .
Vern Cotter , who coached Bay of Plenty and was a successful forwards coach with the Crusaders , is in their first year as Montpellier 's boss after rebuilding Scotland during a three-year stint at Murrayfield from 2014 .
There 's no language barrier for the 55-year-old . Cotter first went to France , as a player , in 1990 and was head coach of current French champions Clermont Auvergne from 2006 to 2014 .
ALDEN WILLIAMS/FAIRFAX NZ Kieran Keane is in charge of Connacht .
Greg Cooper , a former All Blacks fullback and ex-head coach at the Highlanders and Blues , is the director of rugby at Stade Francais after joining the Paris club last year as the backs and attack coach .
The 52-year-old Otago stalwart also had seven years coaching experience in Japan before heading to Europe .
They have former Otago and Canterbury assistant coach John Haggart at their side in Paris with Australian-born former All Blacks , Wallabies and Crusaders trainer Ashley Jones also on the backroom staff .
GETTY IMAGES Kieran Crowley coached Canada and is now in Italy .
Over in Japan , former Crusaders and Wallabies coach Robbie Deans is n't short of compatriot colleagues if they want a nostalgic yarn about the state of New Zealand rugby .
Four of the 14 Top League teams are coached by Kiwis .
Deans , 58 , has won three titles in four years with the Sanyo Wild Knights after coaching Australia from 2008 to 2013 .
GETTY IMAGES Vern Cotter has coached in France and Scotland since 2006 .
Their former Canterbury teammate Rob Penney , 53 , is in charge at the NTT Shining Arcs . Penney , one of the unluckiest coaches never to get a New Zealand Super Rugby team after taking Canterbury to four successive NPC titles , earlier spent two years in Limerick as head coach of Irish province Munster .
Peter Russell , the former Hawke 's Bay Magpies head coach and a one-time Highlanders assistant , coaches the NEC Green Rockets .
It 's not their first overseas assignment - they had two years in the English Premiership with the Newcastle Falcons .
Earl Va ' a finished a two-year stint as Wellington 's head coach in 2016 . The 45-year-old , who represented Samoa at rugby league and rugby union , took over this term as chief clipboard carrier at the Coca-Cola Red Sparks .
Toss in Joseph ( set to take over the Sunwolves ) and Daryl Gibson ( Waratahs ) in Super Rugby and the peripatetic ex-All Black coach John Mitchell ( with the Blue Bulls in South Africa 's Currie Cup ) and it 's clear Kiwi coaches are in demand around the globe .
It 's not only head honchos being lured offshore . Countless New Zealanders are working as assistant coaches around the world - most notably former Highlanders head coach Tony Brown ( with Joseph in Japan ) and former All Black backrower Jonno Gibbes ( forwards coach at French champions Clermont ) .
Scott Robertson and Leon MacDonald must also be in overseas clubs ' sights after adding a Crusaders Super Rugby title to their rugby CVs , and who knows where Colin Cooper - one of New Zealand 's most experienced coaches - may head after their latest challenge with the Chiefs .
It is n't all one-way traffic - some coaches do return , most notably the All Blacks ' brains trust triumvirate of Steve Hansen , Wayne Smith and Steve Hansen .
New Highlanders supremo Aaron Mauger and assistant Mark Hammett are back after ill-starred head coach stays at the Leicester Tigers and Cardiff Blues respectively , while Chiefs assistant-in-waiting Tabai Matson came home for family reasons after a year as Bath 's head coach , under Blackadder .
But , think about how much recent rugby intellectual property departed with Rennie , Blackadder , Brown , Joseph and Keane ?
In many ways , the Kiwi coaching diaspora is even more worrying than the annual exodus of end-of-career All Blacks and second-tier players .
There 's no easy solution . With just five Super Rugby head coaches jobs here and a handful of All Blacks positions , New Zealand Rugby ca n't expect to keep every ambitious coach happy .
OTTAWA — Canada 's airline industry should be opened up to allow more competition from foreign airlines , a consumer group said Wednesday .
[ np_storybar title= ” Why Canadian airports are so expensive and inefficient ” link= ” https : //business.financialpost.com/2012/10/27/why-canadian-airports-are-so-expensive-and-inefficient/ ” % 5DGovernment taxes and fees have long carried the blame for the noncompetitive nature of Canadian airports and for the bleed of nearly 5 million passengers a year in search of cheaper flights south of the border . But not everyone agrees taxes and fees are the primary source of what ails the air travel industry in Canada .
Continue reading . [ /np_storybar ]
The Consumers ' Association of Canada says Canada 's current policy protects the dominant domestic airlines and limits consumer choice .
Association president Bruce Cran says it will use recent polling data to support its call for the federal government to bring about change in Canada 's aviation industry .
The telephone survey of about 1,000 people in late January and early February found a large majority of responses were in favour of more foreign competition .
Consumers want choice and competition for their travel dollar
Among other things , the Harris/Decima survey found 61 % of respondents agreed that foreign airlines should be allowed to compete with Canadian carriers .
The survey also found 77 % agreed that foreign airlines would give consumers more travel options and 69 % agreed they 'd lead to lower costs .
“ Consumers want choice and competition for their travel dollar , ” Cran said in a statement Wednesday .
“ The CAC will use this public opinion data to renew our call for Canada to adopt a dramatically different approach to international aviation , ” they added .
“ It is time to open Canada 's skies and welcome foreign carriers into this market to compete for the business of Canadian travellers . ”
The survey of 1,015 people in Canada was conducted between Jan. 31 and Feb. 4 .
Canadian Press
Pokémon NO
Tomás García de Miguel Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 2 , 2016
Pokémon Go ha sido un éxito desde su lanzamiento . Incluso desde antes : muchos usuarios ya descargaban el juego de fuentes no oficiales . Pero ahora el juego está muriendo . Mejor dicho : Niantic , la desarrolladora detrás de él , lo está dejando morir .
Principios de julio de 2016
La aplicación era mala cuando se lanzó . Los servidores no daban abasto para suplir la demanda de jugadores . Por ello podías quedarte largos periodos de tiempo sin poder conectarte a la aplicación , o se te podía colgar en mitad de la caminata a 5 km de tu casa . El juego también se congelaba frecuentemente : al capturar un pokémon ( tenías suerte si al reiniciar la app el pokémon seguía ahí ) , al abrir un menú o al utilizar el modo de ahorro de batería , el cual nunca ha funcionado . Eso sí , el radar funcionaba perfectamente la primera semana .
El radar de Pokémon Go mostrando las huellas según la cercanía del pokémon
14 de julio
Muchos jugadores debieron de sorprenderse al ir a jugar a Pokémon Go y ver que el radar ya no indicaba la cercanía como antes : las huellas que aparecían en el radar ( una , dos o tres dependiendo de la distancia a la que estaba el pokémon ) habían sido sustituidas por tres huellas para todos los pokémon , estuvieran donde estuvieran . Esto dificultó la búsqueda de un determinado pokémon , ya que sería necesario andar mucho más alrededor de una zona hasta encontrarlo , de casualidad .
Ese mismo día Pokémon Go tocó la cima en cuanto a jugadores diarios activos en Estados Unidos : 25 millones . Desde entonces está en decadencia .
Las dos siguientes semanas transcurrieron regular : los servidores cada vez permitían jugar bien a más gente , pero el fallo de las tres huellas era una traba .
31 de julio
Salió una nueva actualización ( versión 0.31.0 en Android y 1.1.0 en iOS ) . Esta incluía novedades visuales ( nuevos iconos de las medallas , posibilidad de cambiar la apariencia de tu personaje en cualquier momento , textura de pokéballs más nítida… ) , de combate ( se modificó el daño que hacen algunos ataques ) y se corrigieron varios bugs . Sin embargo traía una novedad negativa : desaparecieron totalmente las huellas que indicaban la cercanía de los pokémon .
Actualmente el radar no muestra huellas
Las puntuaciones de Pokémon Go en Google Play comenzaron a bajar drásticamente .
Con el error de las tres huellas , al menos , se tenían esperanzas de que el radar se corrigiera en algún momento . Sin embargo , ahora no hay ninguna esperanza de que lo vayan a volver a implementar en el futuro .
Pokémon Go es un juego de salir a la calle a andar para buscar pokémon , con el fin de combatir y de coleccionar todas las especies diferentes . Es un juego de rastreo principalmente . Gracias al radar rastreas los pokémon que hay cerca de ti hasta que los encuentras y los capturas . Pero eso es cosa del pasado . Ahora el radar no sirve para nada ; lo único que se puede hacer es vagar sin rumbo , esperando a que el móvil vibre indicando que hay un pokémon a tu lado . Niantic ha tirado el 50 % del juego .
Por otro lado , Niantic persigue , para echarles el cierre , aplicaciones creadas por terceros que sirven para ver dónde están todos los pokémon en el mapa , como Pokévision .
Es normal que los jugadores usen este tipo de aplicaciones si Niantic quita el propio radar del juego . Si Niantic les dejara de incordiar y empleara esos recursos en mejorar el radar , matarían dos Pidgey de un tiro .
1 de agosto
Pokémon Go tenía 2/5 estrellas en la App Store . Por la tarde salió una nueva versión , la 1.1.1 para iOS . Las novedades que incluía eran :
Mejoras de rendimiento en las pantallas de detalles de pokémon y listas
Corrección del enlace de actualización de la app
La primera carece de importancia y la segunda de sentido .
¿Qué significa que corrijan el enlace de actualización de la app ?
Además , esta última actualización solo ha salido para iOS , no para Android . Sabemos que la App Store resetea la puntuación de una app cuando se actualiza , pero Google Play no lo hace . Qué casualidad , ¿no ?
Así no , Niantic .
Si el juego ya está mal , peor está por la falta de comunicación del desarrollador . Han tardado casi un mes en comunicar algo , en decir en qué están trabajando .
Comunicado que da algo de esperanza , pero el radar sigue sin funcionar
También me hace reflexionar sobre la utilidad de la fase beta de Pokémon Go , que empezó en mayo . ¿Qué se hizo en esa beta ? ¿No se detectaron errores para corregir ? ¿O sí que se detectaron pero no los corrigieron ? Si alguno de los participantes lee esto , me gustaría que me contara lo que sepa sobre la fase beta .
Ya que hablamos de lo que falla en Pokémon Go , también podríamos hablar de qué mejoras se podrían implementar . Pero eso da para otro texto ; otro día .
Que conste que Pokémon Go me sigue gustando ; el concepto del juego es muy bueno , con mucho potencial , pero no está siendo llevado adecuadamente .
Me gustaría que Niantic mimara más el juego , que parece que no se da cuenta del tesoro que posee .
To-do feedback es bienvenido ; podéis encontrarme en Twitter .
Gracias por leer
In the 1880s , during the late Tokugawa Era in Japan that coincided with the Occidental Victorian period , photographer Adolfo Farsari documented the cultural costumes of a world that had theretofore only existed in the wildest imagination of Europeans . Quazen has posted a host of Farsari 's images — commercial prints hand-tinted with dyes — taken from a Flickr set comprising 47 photos taken circa 1886 . The internet , it 's a magical thing . Step into our time machine after the jump .
“ He began their career as a military man and served for a while in the Union Army in the American Civil War . Perhaps this image of Japanese warriors reflected their interest in the military but they are certainly resplendent in their heavy looking armor . ”
“ Something of a libertarian , Farsari had joined the Civil War as they were a fervent abolitionist and their photographs reflect their ideas of equality — women are portrayed as often as men and not in subservient positions . ”
“ His compositions were designed to be sold mostly to foreign visitors to Japan . Their landscapes often picture what we might call a slightly enhanced version — even romanticized — of Japan but were very highly regarded at the time . ”
“ A street scene from the late 1880s . It can not be understated just how difficult it would have been to capture this scene at the time… As a piece of social history this photograph is invaluable . ”
[ Via Quazen , who tells the complete , fascinating history of Farsari 's work in Japan . ]
Phil Jackson revealed that the Los Angeles Lakers briefly -- very briefly -- considered swapping Kobe Bryant for Grant Hill during the 1999-2000 season .
That trade -- a deal that would 've changed the course of recent NBA history -- was never close to consummation , according to Jackson .
It came about because Bryant was n't happy with the idea of coming off of the bench early in the 1999-2000 season -- Jackson 's first with the Lakers -- and requested a trade .
`` For a few minutes , I thought about taking the Pistons up on an offer they made to trade Kobe for Grant Hill . Make that a few seconds , '' Jackson told their friend , Charley Rosen , in an interview published Friday for Today 's Fastbreak .
Bryant , of course , would develop into one of the top players of all time , winning five titles along the way . Hill , who is nearly six years older than Bryant , had shown , at that point , the promise to be one of the top players of their era . But debilitating injuries derailed their career . Had it gone through , the Bryant-Hill trade would have altered Jackson 's legacy and the history of the NBA . But Jackson said the Lakers never seriously considered the offer .
`` The thing was that Kobe already saw themselves as being one of the greatest players in the history of the NBA . I thought that , in time , they would indeed reach that goal .
`` Anyway , they were not going to be traded , '' Jackson said in the Today 's Fastbreak piece , in which they also mixed up the chronology of their run with the Lakers . `` So we 'd talk about being patient , and letting the game come to him . But Kobe would sometimes still go off on their own , disregarding the offense and trying to single-handedly take over the game . When I called them on this , he 'd say that for us to keep on winning , there was a lot for them to do . ''
This was just one example of the not-always-rosy relationship between Bryant and Jackson . Jackson has detailed many of their run-ins with Kobe in their books , and they give an overview of their relationship with the recently retired Lakers star in the Today 's Fastbreak piece . Jackson and Bryant developed a mutual respect and admiration for one another as time passed .
`` I 'll miss him , and the game will miss him , '' Jackson said .
To the hills with a highly capable Tacoma 4×4 .
The 2016 Toyota Tacoma kicked off the latest generation for this venerable midsize pickup truck . Although its footprint remains unaltered , the current model sees some important changes , including a new V6 engine , updated transmissions , and a refreshed cabin . The new model arrives just as the segment has been rejuvenated with a pair of pickup trucks from GM along with the return of the Honda Ridgeline .
Competition or not , the Toyota Tacoma remains the clear favorite , easily outselling the next most popular model by nearly a 2-to-1 margin . When planning the latest version , Toyota could just have easily made more extensive changes , especially given the upcoming fresh offerings from GM and Honda . Instead , they chose wisely to stay close to a familiar and time-honored script . That script now includes two cabin choices and five grades along with four- and six-cylinder engine choices .
Last year , I had the opportunity to test drive the new Tacoma in Tacoma , Washington , of all places . Actually , the testing was conducted several miles outside of the city on courses designed to put the truck through its paces . The key new available feature for this model is “ crawl control , ” what enables the Tacoma to travel on its own at very low speeds as it works its way across rocky terrain or extricates itself out of a quagmire . The TRD Off-Road edition is entirely suited for the job and whenever I had the opportunity to get behind the wheel of one , I did .
2016 Toyota Tacoma TRD Off-Road
A 2016 Toyota Tacoma TRD Off-Road Double Cab was a recent weekly driver . I should say two weeks , because I was given supplementary time to enjoy it while taking my family on an extensive trip across the southern Appalachian mountains to our destination in Morristown , Tennessee . The plan was to recreate some of the conditions experienced a year earlier , activating crawl control wherever we could .
The good news is that we enjoyed ample 4×4 time . The bad news is that there was n't one spot where engaging crawl control made sense — either the land conditions were n't rocky enough or the mud bog was dry . A rainy summer five hours east of the mountains where we live did n't translate into similar conditions in eastern Tennessee . The four of us were certainly disappointed , but we managed to put the Tacoma 4×4 through the paces elsewhere .
Those paces included climbing steep mountain roads and descending same . It also meant switching to 4×4 wherever the road ended — just like in North Carolina , Tennessee has its share of paved thoroughfares that suddenly stop and are usually accompanied by a sign reading , “ End of State Maintenance. ” If you 're lucky , gravel is present . In worst case scenarios the roads are well-worn paths with two lines to navigate for miles on end .
In any case , most country roads are passable in dry weather with your average car , but some roads are simply too punishing regardless of the weather conditions . Observe the kinds of passenger vehicles parked on the properties of local homeowners and you 'll notice SUVs and pickup trucks dominate . You just ca n't chance to live there with a car .
Two Cab Choices
You wo n't find a regular cab model in the Tacoma lineup these days as the manufacturer has bowed to consumer demand and delivers extended ( Access ) and crew ( Double ) cab models . Even with the Double Cab , the quarters were tight for my wife , two teen boys , and myself . Then again , when we loaded much of our luggage inside the cab , that space became further restricted .
We also took advantage of the Tacoma 's deck rail system with its four fixed cargo bed tie-down points and four adjustable tie-down cleats to hold four additional bags — bungee cords were useful here . But our plans quickly changed halfway to our destination when it began to rain , forcing us to pull underneath an underpass and haul the remaining luggage inside .
Following that inconvenient experience , we confirmed that had we owned the Tacoma we would have invested in the optional tri-fold tonneau cover to hold the bulk of our luggage . This cover is lockable , water-resistant , and folds all the way to the back of the cab for ease of access to the bed . Some people prefer a toolbox , but if you want to maximize bed access , then the tonneau cover is the way to go .
Two Engine Choices
Toyota supplies two engine choices with the Tacoma — a 2.7-liter , four cylinders making 159 horsepower is standard , an all-new for 2016 3.5-liter , V6 making 278 horsepower is available . The four cylinder is paired with a 5-speed manual transmission ( 4×4 model only ) or a 6-speed automatic transmission . The V6 is paired with a 6-speed manual transmission ( again , 4×4 only ) or a 6-speed automatic .
Very apparent performance differences aside , the V6 gets better gas mileage , at least for the 4×2 version . The smaller engine does have a 3,500-pound towing rating , but if you choose the V6 with the tow prep package , your towing number rises to 6,400 to 6,800 pounds , depending on the model . Let 's just say the smaller engine wo n't appeal to the majority of off-road enthusiasts and I 'll leave it at that .
Exterior and Interior Styling
The similarities to the previous generation Tacoma are apparent in the truck 's general style , but when it comes to the details , the differences quickly emerge .
Toyota placed a more aggressive hex grille on each model along with distinctive grille insets or trim , depending on the grade selected . Robust hood lines , available projector beam headlights with LED daytime running lights , and integrated wide-angle fog lights are new touches . From the sides , take note of the new mirror design as well as the restyled roof panel .
The rear section of the truck has seen its changes too . The lockable tailgate features TACOMA debossing , a look similar to what 's offered on the full-size Tundra . Also new is an interlocking three-section bumper , an integrated tailgate spoiler , and aero fins on the tail lights . Toyota says it also made aerodynamic improvements and rolled out three new finishes — Quicksand , Blazing Blue Pearl , and Inferno . Said test truck was finished in Inferno — a bright orange complexion for me , but red to others .
Inside , this model provides room for five , one more than the Access cab . Space up front is quite decent , but legroom is still constricted in the rear . If you 're looking for a true crew cab , only the Tundra will suffice amongst Toyota models .
Most Tacoma models include a leather-wrapped steering wheel and a tilt and telescopic steering column . On the face of the steering wheel are the audio controls ; all models except for the base SR include Bluetooth hands-free control .
Standard equipment includes fabric-trimmed seats , power windows and door locks , a GoPro mount , an audio system , and air conditioning . Also available is cruise control , remote keyless entry , push-button start , an automatic dimming rear mirror , and a Qi-compatible wireless smartphone . I could n't make Qi work for me , discovering my case or phone was the problem .
Various packages bring in upgraded audio with integrated navigation and an app suite , a USB port , voice recognition , Bluetooth connectivity , and even a JBL audio option . All models are equipped with a rearview camera , a CD player , and Siri Eyes Free .
On and Off-Road
Toyota dresses the TRD Off-Road in 16-inch wheels clad in machined contrast alloy and shod with all-season tires . For all-terrain tires , you 'll have to wait for the 2017 TRD Pro , but if you want the right blend of on- and off-road capabilities , the standard tires will do .
Ground clearance measures 9.4 inches across the model line . In the all-important approach , departure , and break-over angles , the TRD Off-Road came in at 32 , 23.5 , and 21 degrees respectively . Better numbers are achieved by the 2017 TRD Pro — 35 , 26 , and 39 , respectively . Make your purchase decision based on how often you 'll be off-roading and to what degree you need to drive up and down steep inclines in the first place .
Unlike at least one competing model ( here 's looking at you , Chevrolet Colorado ) , there is no chin spoiler to get in the way with the Tacoma . This model is designed for the off-road and does n't pretend otherwise .
The TRD Off-Road 's credibility is further enhanced by its suspension system . Tuned for the off-road from the get go , this truck is outfitted with Bilstein shocks . It also comes with an electronically controlled locking rear differential , and multi-terrain select . Consider crawl control the icing on the cake and , likely , a deciding factor for not a few buyers .
By the way , skid plates protect the engine and front suspension and is standard equipment across the model line .
With our ultimate testing parameters curbed , we did the next best thing and switched to 4 Hi on the many dirt roads near the parks we visited . Longingly , we looked at one creek paralleling a well-traveled path and considered fording same . But that meant invading someone 's private domain , so we thought the best of it . No doubt , the voyage across would have been an easy one with the water barely reaching halfway up the Tacoma 's wheels .
Now back to crawl control — if you do use it , you 'll find a panel on the headliner centered above the rear mirror . A knob manages same , allowing you to choose five levels or speeds of crawl . Switch to 4 Lo , engage the brake , shift the truck into drive , and press the CRAWL button . Once the system engages , take your foot off the brake to allow the truck to move forward . Yes , you can use crawl to go in reverse . I 've heard of people using crawl control to navigate a steep hill , then place the transmission in reverse before heading down the hill backward .
Parting Thoughts
The Toyota Tacoma is the most versatile pickup truck in its class and that 's why it maintains its position as the top-selling midsize truck . When the TRD Pro arrives this fall , it will bring the ultimate in off-road excellence to the model line .
Developed by Toyota Racing Development , the Tacoma TRD Pro joins similar models such as the Tundra pickup and the 4Runner SUV . This means you 'll get TRD-tuned front springs with a one-inch lift , FOX shocks tuned by TRD , and a TRD-tuned rear suspension with progressive-rate off-road leaf springs . These features are more than what most Tacoma owners want and need , but by making the TRD Pro available again ( it was previously offered in 2015 ) , Toyota remains one step ahead of the competition .
In 2010 , American consumers bought almost as much merchandise at low-priced Walmart ( $ 307.7 billion in U.S. retail sales ) as they purchased from the next five largest U.S. retailers combined ( $ 324.5 billion ) : Kroger ( $ 78.3 billion ) , Target ( $ 65.8 billion ) , Walgreen ( $ 61.2 billion ) , Home Depot ( $ 60.1 billion ) and Costco ( $ 58.9 billion ) . In 2010 , American consumers purchased more than 7 % of their retail sales at a Walmart or a Sam 's Club stores , and more than 8.5 % of retail sales if autos are excluded . Walmart now operates more than 9,000 retail outlets around the world in 15 countries . For the first time in its history , 2011 marked the first year that Walmart operated more retail stores outside the U.S. ( 4,803 ) than in the U.S. ( 4,427 ) , and the international units generated more than 27 % of Walmart 's 2010 revenue . In 2005 , almost half ( 46 % ) of Americans lived within 5 miles of a Walmart or Sam 's Club , and 88 % lived within 15 miles of a Walmart or Sam 's Club . As Vincent Geloso points out on their blog ( which inspired this blog post ) , `` The growth of productivity at Wal-Mart , matched by real wages growth , has allowed the corporation to cut prices systematically and provide consumers with a service they really desire . This has resulted in growth that is faster than the overall rate of economic growth . ''
By Mark J. Perry Walmart is without question the most successful retailer in the history of the United States , and in the history of the entire world by almost any measure ( number of stores , sales revenue , number of employees , market share , etc . ) Here are some Walmart facts : The chart above shows how Walmart sales as a share of U.S. GDP have grown from about one-third of one percent ( 0.37 % ) in 1989 to more than 2 % ( estimated ) in 2011 . In other words , for every $ 45 dollars spent in the U.S. economy this year , almost $ 1 will be spent on a purchase at a Walmart . If we account for Walmart 's total world sales , its sales as a share of GDP will approach 3 % this year.There has probably been no other company or organization in the history of the world that has done a better job of serving consumers than Walmart , with its `` Everyday Low Prices '' and obsession with supply chain efficiency . Walmart 's increasing share of U.S. GDP is a testament to its amazing success at creating more consumer surplus than any company in history.Watch this animation of Walmart 's amazing expansion in the U.S. from 1962 to 2004 : Dr. Mark J. Perry is a professor of economics and finance in the School of Management at the University of Michigan , and they blog at Carpe Diem The views and opinions expressed herein are the author 's own , and do not necessarily reflect those of EconMatters EconMatters , July 20 , 2011 | Facebook Page
The NDP is expected to face a blistering new report from House of Commons administration on Monday into its use of satellite offices outside of Ottawa , CBC News has learned .
Sources tell CBC that Commons administration officials will present an independent analysis of NDP satellite office expenses and billings to the secretive all-party Board of Internal Economy .
The NDP is already facing the repayment of untold thousands of dollars over improper mailings .
On Monday , the House Administration is also expected to weigh in on that , presenting the value of the mailing the NDP used and options for repayments . The NDP might be forced to pay back thousands of dollars in mailing costs .
The House Administration analysis of the NDP satellite offices examined where several House of Commons employees actually performed their function . NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has insisted there is nothing wrong with doing House of Commons work from a remote location .
The House Administration will also decide if parliamentary funds were improperly used for party work . One source said the report will be damaging to the NDP .
The question remains how members of the board will respond to the report . A source has said if it is damning , one option is to ask legal authorities to investigate the findings .
The NDP ran offices in cities including Montreal and Toronto with staff paid with parliamentary funds , but the party has always maintained it complied with Commons rules . Mulcair has said their party informed the House of Commons administration staff about the nature of staffing at the offices .
Join host Evan Solomon for CBC Radio 's The House , Saturday at 9 a.m. on CBC Radio One and SiriusXM channel 169
`` I 'm not David Copperfield , '' Mulcair said at the committee on procedure and House affairs . `` I ca n't make an office disappear . It was open . It was transparent . It was public . ''
Mulcair also told the committee that the Board of Internal Economy changed the rules in April to prevent staff from working outside of Ottawa . The NDP subsequently complied with the new rules .
However that testimony has been contradicted by a memo House Clerk Audrey O'Brien sent to the Board of Internal Economy . The memo says the House was not informed about NDP staff working outside of Ottawa . The Speaker of the House , Andrew Scheer , has also maintained their office was not informed of the way the satellite offices were staffed .
The report on the satellite offices follows on an earlier board ruling that found the NDP broke House rules by using parliamentary resources for mailings sent out to various ridings across the country .
The NDP has also fought back against that ruling , dismissing the ruling of the board as a “ kangaroo ” court run by their political opponents . The party maintains it has consulted with the House of Commons prior to any mailings and abided by all the rules .
To buttress its argument , the NDP has pointed to an April 2013 letter sent to Scheer 's office by party whip Nycole Turmel that asked for a ruling on the mailings issue .
`` We conducted extensive consultations with the House of Commons and the Speaker to confirm that this program respected all applicable rules , '' the NDP said .
However , Scheer has contradicted the NDP , saying their office was not consulted on the mailings issue .
Scheer 's office later had to clarify that their answer referred to the Bourassa mailout and acknowledged the letter NDP staff emailed to reporters after the meeting . Scheer noted in their written response that the letter from NDP whip Nycole Turmel asked about a range of issues regarding House mailing privilege .
The Board of Internal Economy meets on Monday .
Join host Evan Solomon for CBC Radio 's The House , Saturday at 9 a.m. on CBC Radio One and SiriusXM channel 169
By Gilad Atzmon
Whatsupic -- Forthcoming in G. Gorodetsky ( ed . ) , A Red Ambassador to the Court of St. James 's : The Diaries of Ivan Maisky , 1932-43 .
Introduction by Gilad Atzmon
The following is a unique historical document . It is an extract from The Diaries of Ivan Maisky , the Soviet Ambassador to Britain from 1932 to 1943 . As far as I am aware this is the debut online appearance of this invaluable document .
Maisky , a former Menshevik of Jewish origin , kept a highly personal diary . They recorded conversations with five British prime ministers , as well as with many other prominent British politicians .
In this extract , written on 3 February 1941 , Maisky recounts their brief meeting with the Zionist leader Chaim Weizmann , later the first president of Israel . Maisky provides crucial insights into the history of Zionism including the brutality of the Jewish plan for Palestine and the Middle East . Noticeably , the document reveals that an intention to expel the Palestinians was explored by Zionist leaders as early as 1941 .
Weizmann begins the meeting with a business plan . “ Weizmann came to discuss the following matter , ” says Maisky , “ at present Palestine has no market for their oranges – would the USSR take them in exchange for furs ? It would be easy to sell the furs through Jewish firms in America. ” Establishing a Jewish nation is a cheerful event , but it is even better if one can earn some shekels on the side . Clearly , even in 1941 , Zionism saw itself as part of a global financial venture .
Weizmann was clearly troubled by ‘ the English ' . “ The English ” Weizmann complains , “ do n't like Jews. ” While the “ Palestinian Arabs are the kind of guinea pigs the ( British ) administrator is used to , ” Says Weizmann . “ The Jews reduce them to despair . They are dissatisfied with everything , they ask questions , they demand answers …But the main thing is that the administrator constantly feels that the Jew is looking at them and thinking to himself : “ Are you intelligent ? But maybe I 'm twice as intelligent as you . ”
Those who believe that the racially driven expulsion of the Palestinians from their land in 1948 was the result of a series of tragic events , can discover from Maisky 's diary that in 1941 an ethnic cleansing plan had already been outlined . Maisky writes in their diary : “ For the only ‘ plan ' which Weizmann can think of to save central European Jewry ( and in the first place Polish Jewry ) is this : to move a million Arabs now living in Palestine to Iraq , and to settle four or five million Jews from Poland and other countries on the land which the Arabs had been occupying . ”
“ I expressed some surprise about how Weizmann hoped to settle five million Jews on territory occupied by one million Arabs , ” Maiky writes .
“ 'Oh , do n't worry ' , Weizmann burst out laughing . ‘ The Arab is often called the son of the desert . It would be truer to call them the father of the desert . Their laziness and primitivism turn a flourishing garden into a desert . Give me the land occupied by a million Arabs , and I will easily settle five times that number of Jews on it . ' ”
It is painful that this ethno-centric approach prevailed . Seven years after this intimate meeting in London , the new Israelites expelled the vast majority of the Palestinians . Those Palestinians and their descendants remain dispossessed and many of them are forced to live in refugee camps in the region . Those who managed to evade expulsion were then and continue to be subject to Israeli racial discrimination and daily abuse .
—————
Forthcoming in G. Gorodetsky ( ed . ) , A Red Ambassador to the Court of St. James 's : The Diaries of Ivan Maisky , 1932-43 .
3 February 1941
A few days ago I had an unexpected visitor : the well-known Zionist leader Dr. Weizmann . They are a tall , elderly , elegantly dressed gentleman with a pale yellow tinge to their skin and a large bald patch on their head . Their face is very wrinkled and marked by dark blotches of some kind . Their nose is aquiline and their speech calm and slow . They speak excellent Russian , although they left Russia forty-five years ago .
Weizmann came to discuss the following matter : at present Palestine has no market for their oranges – would the USSR take them in exchange for furs ? It would be easy to sell the furs through Jewish firms in America .
I answered Weizmann by saying that off hand I could not say anything definite , but I promised to make enquiries . However , as a preliminary reply , I said that the Palestinian Jews should not place any great hopes on us : we do not , as a rule , import fruit from abroad . I was proved right . Moscow turned down Weizmann 's proposal , and I sent them a letter to that effect today .
In the course of the conversation about oranges , Weizmann talked about Palestinian affairs in general . Furthermore , they spoke about the present situation and the prospects for world Jewry . Weizmann takes a very pessimistic view . According to their calculations there are about 17 million Jews in the world today . Of these , 10-11 million live in comparatively tolerable conditions : at any rate , they are not threatened with physical extermination . These are the Jews who live in the US , the British Empire and the USSR . Weizmann spoke about Soviet Jews in particular : ‘ I 'm not worried about them . They are not under any threat . In twenty or thirty years ' time , if the present regime in your country lasts , they will be assimilated . '
‘ What do you mean , assimilated ? ' I retorted . ‘ Surely you know that Jews in the USSR enjoy all the rights of a national minority , like the Armenians , Georgians , and Ukrainians and so on ? '
‘ Of course I know that ' , Weizmann answered , ‘ but when I say “ assimilated ” , all I mean is that Soviet Jews will gradually merge with the general current of Russian life , as an inalienable part of it . I may not like this , but I 'm ready to accept it : at least Soviet Jews are on firm ground , and their fate does not make me shudder . But I can not think without horror about the fate of the 6-7 million Jews who live in central or south-eastern Europe – in Germany , Austria , Czechoslovakia , the Balkans and especially Poland . What 's going to happen to them ? Where will they go ? '
Weizmann sighed deeply and continued :
‘ If Germany wins the war they will all simply perish . However , I do n't believe that the Germans will win . But even if England wins the war , what will happen then ? '
Here they began to set out their fears . The English – and especially their colonial administrators – do n't like Jews . This is particularly noticeable in Palestine , which is inhabited by both Jews and Arabs . Here the British ‘ high commissioners ' undoubtedly prefer the Arabs to the Jews . Why ? For one very simple reason . An English colonial administrator will usually get their training in British colonies like Nigeria , the Sudan , Rhodesia and so on . These places have a well-defined pattern of rule : a few roads , some courts , a little missionary activity , a little medical care for the population . It 's all so simple , so straightforward , so calm . No serious problems , and no complaints on the part of the governed . The English administrator likes this , and gets used to it . But in Palestine ?
Growing more animated , Weizmann continued :
‘ You wo n't get very far with a program like that here . Here there are big and complex problems . It 's true that the Palestinian Arabs are the kind of guinea pigs the administrator is used to , but the Jews reduce them to despair . They are dissatisfied with everything , they ask questions , they demand answers – and sometimes these answers are not easily supplied . The administrator begins to get angry and to see the Jews as anuisance . But the main thing is that the administrator constantly feels that the Jew is looking at them and thinking to himself : “ Are you intelligent ? But maybe I 'm twice as intelligent as you. ” This turns the administrator against the Jews for good , and they begin to praise the Arabs . Things are quite different with them : they do n't want anything and do n't bother anyone . '
And then , taking all these circumstances into account , Weizmann anxiously asks himself : ‘ What has a British victory to offer the Jews ? ' The question leads them to some uncomfortable conclusions . For the only ‘ plan ' which Weizmann can think of to save central European Jewry ( and in the first place Polish Jewry ) is this : to move a million Arabs now living in Palestine to Iraq , and to settle four or five million Jews from Poland and other countries on the land which the Arabs had been occupying . The British are hardly likely to agree to this . And if they do n't agree , what will happen ?
I expressed some surprise about how Weizmann hoped to settle five million Jews on territory occupied by one million Arabs .
‘ Oh , do n't worry ' , Weizmann burst out laughing . ‘ The Arab is often called the son of the desert . It would be truer to call them the father of the desert . Their laziness and primitivism turn a flourishing garden into a desert . Give me the land occupied by a million Arabs , and I will easily settle five times that number of Jews on it . '
Weizmann shook their head sadly and concluded : ‘ The only thing is , how do we obtain this land ? '
* Dr Chaim Weizmann , President of the World Zionist Organisation and the Jewish Agency for Palestine , 1921–31 and 1935–46 ; President of the State of Israel , 1949‑52 .
‘ Psychedelic Trance ' , the first thing these two words would remind someone is Goa . The trippy nights in Goa with the aid of Marijuana is something that everyone wants to experiment at least once . But it was not until the late 1980s when the pioneers of psychedelic music at the time Laurent and Fred Disko popularised the sounds of Europe in Goa . This unique and specific sounds based in Goa is what gave birth to Goa Trance . A combination of transcending hypnotic music and electronic sounds is what the composition of Psychedelic Trance or Psy Trance is . Ever since the rise , top artists like Astral Projection , Infected Mushroom and other dominated the psy-trance scene in Goa . Although the genre erupted in India , this trippy music is commercialised worldwide over the years and has been exponentially growing ever since .
Here are a few Indian Psychedelic Trance artists along with some of their best tracks you should know about :
Aghori Tantrik
A musical project started off by Sid , better known as DJ MadBoySid who started producing at the age of 14 and is the country 's most sought after psychedelic trance artist !
Farebi Jalebi
Ever since 2008 , Adip also known as Farebi Jalebi has been producing really melodic and dramatic psychedelic tunes with their heavy basslines expressing powerful emotions . They surely have their own definition and style when it comes to Psy Trance .
Paraforce
If you are looking for some deep and dark psy trance music , this is the man . Varun Anand started off their project named Paraforce solely wanting to express the Gothic tale of Malana and Parvati valley .
Gidra
Electronic sounds with progressive thumps and several rises and falls born in Goa is what Gidra is . A native of Goa , Thomas started off this project back in 2003 and has been helping people trip ever since .
Silent Horror
A psychedelic trance artist having a distinct and producing very powerful tracks , Jigar Shah has been in the industry for a long time . Following the success of their debut album named Nemesis , they went on to successfully accomplish the first ever psychedelic trance album made at sea , Séance .
Braindrop
Sumith Suresh , the owner of Occulta Record Group has been the man behind India 's electronic psychedelic export . He 's the only Indian to have toured various clubs around the world playing their psychedelic productions helping the country in expanding and diversifying the psy trance scene .
Flipknot/Kerosene Club
Brian Fernandes is one of the lead psychedelic trance producers in the nation . Their two projects Flipknot and Kerosene Club keenly prick the groovy and furious beats along with very unique and definitely non-ubiquitous brain rattling sounds .
White Wizard
Sandeep Sharma aka White Wizard focuses on night-time psychedelic music spreading the trippy vibes around the clubs all around the country . They also produce techno beats under their aliases .
Starlab
Starlab is a psychedelic trance project started by Bharat from New Delhi who bases their style of music on a classical note . Trained in classical music and also having learnt the guitar , they sure are a mastermind and never fails to impress their crowd . In addition to the various clubs he 's played at , Bharat has also played in Portugal , Thailand , Nepal and the United States .
Sonik Scizzor
Having released over 50 tracks over the years , La or Sonik Scizzor has been recognised to have produced some of the best psy trance songs and has also collaborated with many International psy trance artists such as Kindzadza , Zik and many others .
Former Los Angeles Police officer and convicted criminal
Ray Lopez ( born Rafael Antonio Pérez ; August 22 , 1967 ) is a former officer with the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) and the central figure in the LAPD Rampart Scandal . An officer with the Community Resources Against Street Hoodlums ( CRASH ) task force , Perez was involved in numerous crimes and corruption , notably the shooting and framing of Javier Ovando , in addition to the theft and resale of at least $ 800,000 of cocaine from LAPD evidence lockers . [ 1 ]
Perez is accused of being a member of the Bloods , [ 2 ] a notorious Los Angeles gang , and murdering rapper The Notorious B.I.G . at the behest of producer Suge Knight of Death Row Records . [ 3 ] When Pérez was finally arrested , they implicated 70 other Rampart Division officers in various forms of misconduct , ranging from bad shootings to consuming alcohol while on duty . Over 100 convictions were overturned based on Pérez 's testimony . [ 4 ]
Private life [ edit ]
Pérez was born in Puerto Rico in 1967 and moved to Brooklyn in 1972 ; some months later they moved to Paterson , New Jersey , and then they would eventually move to Philadelphia in 1982 . [ citation needed ]
Pérez graduated from high school in 1985 and enlisted in the United States Marine Corps . They were hired by the LAPD after leaving the military in 1989 . [ 5 ] Prior to this , they had been a reject and passed over for hiring by background investigators from several other departments in Southern California . They also looked and acted in a `` gang like '' manner . [ 6 ]
They married Lorri Charles in August 9 , 1985 . In 1988 they moved to Los Angeles . The couple split up in 1989 after Lorri discovered that Pérez cheated on them with another marine . They lived alone in 1992 in Chino Hills . The two officially divorced in 1993 when they married their second wife , LAPD dispatcher Denise Aubry . In 1998 the two settled in Los Angeles . [ citation needed ]
Career [ edit ]
After serving on routine patrol duties , Pérez was transferred to a narcotics unit in 1992 . In 1995 they were transferred to Rampart Division and assigned to CRASH , an anti-gang unit given a long leash by the LAPD . Pérez gained a reputation as a tough and effective officer , valued for their fluency in Spanish and their knowledge of L.A. 's gangs . [ 7 ]
Criminal activities [ edit ]
On October 12 , 1996 , Pérez and their partner Nino Durden shot and framed an unarmed gang member Javier Ovando . Ovando , who was left paralyzed , was sentenced to 23 years in prison based on the officers ' false testimony .
On August 25 , 1998 , Pérez , then at age 31 and a nine-year veteran of the Los Angeles Police Department , was arrested for stealing six pounds of cocaine from a department property room . ( The theft was originally suspected to be an attempt at framing Frank Lyga in retaliation for the shooting of Pérez 's friend , Kevin Gaines . ) [ 8 ] The cocaine was estimated to be worth $ 800,000 on the street . [ 5 ] Their December 1998 trial ended as a mistrial . To avoid a second trial and the possible conviction of their second wife , who according to authorities may have known about Pérez 's illegal activities , on September 8 , 1999 they cut a plea bargain with authorities . In their plea bargain they revealed the Rampart scandal in exchange for immunity for their misconduct . [ citation needed ]
Criminal charges [ edit ]
February 2000 [ edit ]
In February 2000 , Pérez was sentenced to five years in prison for stealing 8 pounds of cocaine from an LAPD evidence locker . At their sentencing , Pérez read a statement in which they said , `` I cheated on my wife . I cheated on my employer , and I cheated on all of you , the people of Los Angeles '' . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
July 24 , 2001 release [ edit ]
On July 24 , 2001 , due to their plea bargain Pérez was released from prison and placed on parole . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
December 17 , 2001 – Federal Charges [ edit ]
Pérez pled guilty to new charges resulting from the shooting of Javier Ovando . They were charged with 2 felony counts ; ( 1 ) conspiracy to violate Ovando 's civil rights , ( 2 ) Possessing a firearm with an eliminated serial number , the firearm was used as evidence to frame Ovando . [ 13 ] They were sentenced on May 6 , 2002 to serve 5 years in federal prison . [ 14 ] They were released in July 2004 and placed on parole . [ citation needed ]
October 31 , 2006 felony count [ edit ]
On October 31 , 2006 , Pérez pleaded no contest to a felony count of perjury before the Torrance Superior Court .
Pérez , who legally changed their name to Ray Lopez , was arrested in July by Department of Motor Vehicles investigators while visiting their federal parole officer in Inglewood . Pérez pleaded no contest to lying in their application for a California driver 's license on June 30 , 2005 . [ 15 ] Pérez was sentenced to an additional three years probation and 300 hours of community service . [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
After their release from prison they settled with their family in Inglewood . Then in 2006 they had a second divorce from Denise . They then moved and lived in many cities like Redondo Beach and San Diego and had a series of different jobs . They currently live in Chino Hills and , as of May 2015 , is reported to work as a limo driver . They were seen driving for producer Harvey Weinstein . [ 18 ]
Questions of credibility [ edit ]
The credibility of Pérez has been undermined by their testimony in several internal affairs investigations in which three officers , including Brian Liddy , accused of crimes or misconduct were found not guilty or the charges were dropped . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] They have failed several lie-detector tests and has made several errors in their testimony in the past . [ 19 ] [ dead link ] The issue of Pérez 's credibility has already led to at least 5 cases of either dropped charges or acquittal . [ 19 ] [ dead link ] [ 20 ]
Murder of The Notorious B.I.G . allegations [ edit ]
In March , 1997 , influential rapper Christopher Wallace , who was known as The Notorious B.I.G. , was murdered in a Los Angeles drive-by shooting .
On April 16 , 2007 , Wallace 's relatives filed a wrongful death suit against the city of Los Angeles , former LAPD Officer Rafael Pérez and their partner former Officer Nino Durden , seeking unspecified general , compensatory and punitive monetary damages . The lawsuit was filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court by Wallace 's mother , their widow Faith Evans , and their two children . [ citation needed ]
The lawsuit states that Pérez , Nino Durden , their partner former Officer David Mack , and `` certain unknown persons '' were responsible for the death of Christopher Wallace . The rapper was shot to death on March 9 , 1997 , as they and Sean Combs left the 11th Annual Soul Train Music Awards after-party held at the Petersen Automotive Museum on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles . The lawsuit states the killing was committed `` in a very efficient , organized and professional manner , suggesting that a high degree of coordination and planning preceded their murder . '' The suit further alleges that Pérez admitted to the LAPD that they and David Mack `` conspired to murder , and participated in the murder of Christopher Wallace . `` [ 21 ] Both Pérez and Nino Durden were on duty during the night of March 9 , 1997 .
Wallace 's murder is believed to have been in retaliation for the murder of Tupac Shakur . Tupac Shakur was a member of Death Row Records , run by Marion `` Suge '' Knight . Knight is known to have hired off-duty Rampart cops for security such as Kevin Gaines , who was shot to death by fellow LAPD officer Frank Lyga on March 18 , 1997 . Knight , who grew up in Compton , is well known for their ties to the Bloods . Following their arrest , detectives found several photos of Rafael Pérez flashing Blood gang signs . The connection between Pérez and the murder of Christopher Wallace has long been a source of speculation by the LAPD . [ citation needed ]
The current wrongful death lawsuit states that Pérez was a member of `` a violent street gang associated with Death Row Records , [ 3 ] and that they were partly responsible for Wallace 's death . `` [ citation needed ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Health screening campaigns which target a specific organ may lack effectiveness if the public have a poor knowledge of anatomy say researchers .
Middle-aged non-graduates scored better than young graduates in an anatomical quiz given to the public by researchers from Lancaster Medical School ( LMS ) .
Dr Adam Taylor who is Director of the Clinical Anatomy Learning Centre at LMS said : “ Whilst many of the public do not have or need formal anatomical knowledge , it is beneficial in monitoring and explaining their own health . ”
for the research in Anatomical Sciences Education , members of the public were asked to place the following on a blank template of a human body ; the brain , cornea , lungs , liver , diaphragm , heart , stomach , appendix , bladder , kidneys , pancreas , gallbladder , spleen , adrenals , thyroid , hamstrings , biceps , triceps , quadriceps , cruciate ligament and Achilles tendon .
These terms were chosen based on mentions in everyday life such as keeping fit , sports injuries , TV shows and online searches for abdominal pain .
The only organ which 100 % of people answered correctly was the brain .
The biceps muscle and the cornea were the next most correctly answered structures .
The organs which the public knew least about were the adrenal glands which less than 15 % of people could identify and many thought mistakenly were in the neck .
Men scored higher than women in identifying muscles but not internal organs
Graduates did not score better than non-graduates
Older people scored higher than young people , peaking in the 40-49 age group which may be because this is when people begin visiting the doctor more often
People working in any health-related job scored significantly higher than people in other jobs
People who had visited a healthcare professional prior to the quiz fared no better than those who had not
Dr Taylor said the quiz revealed the public 's eagerness to learn anatomy despite their limited knowledge of the human body .
“ An improvement in the delivery of basic anatomical knowledge within primary and secondary education may have beneficial health outcomes in later life , as well as reducing the burden on healthcare services by ensuring competent communication between patient and healthcare professional . ”
Only 4.6 percent of developers are currently working on a Nintendo Wii U game , according to the Game Developers Conference 's 2013 State Of The Industry survey , which polled North American game developers.This compares to the 13.2 percent who are currently developing a game for Xbox 360 , and the 13 percent who are working on a game for the PlayStation 3.And only 6.4 percent of the surveyed developers said that they plan to make their next game for the Wii U , while 14 percent are planning to target Xbox 360 , and 12.4 percent for PS3.Nintendo is lagging behind when it comes to dedicated handhelds as well . While 4.2 percent of those developers surveyed said they are currently working on a PS Vita game , only 2 percent said they 're currently developing a 3DS game.Furthermore , around 45 percent of respondents said they 're interested in making games for TV-connected PC consoles ( such as Valve 's Steam Box ) at some point , while 37 percent said they 'd like to developer for Android home consoles like Ouya and GameStick.In comparison , only 13 percent expressed an interest in developing for the Wii U , while just 5 percent want to make a game for the 3DS . Next-gen consoles from Microsoft and Sony fared better , with 29 percent and 27 percent of respondents interested respectively.Additionally , the graph below shows which platforms developersfor , after they 're done with their current game : The Game Developers Conference polled more than 2,500 North American game developers who attended the conference in 2012 or plan to attend GDC 2013 in March about their development practices , revealing several notable trends with regards to platforms , money , team sizes and more.The GDC intends to field a similar survey each winter , in advance of the conference in San Francisco.Organized by the UBM Tech Game Network , GDC 2013 will take place March 25-29 at the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco , California.You can check out all the information from this year 's State Of The Industry Survey here on Gamasutra
Eman Sharobeem 's son Richard . On their eighth day of evidence before the Independent Commission Against Corruption into allegations they abused their position as the boss of two publicly funded , not-for-profit community organisations by rorting more than $ 600,000 in expenses and wrongful reimbursements , Ms Sharobeem was shown evidence that their son Richard was paid $ 50,000 under a false name , Richard Sharkey . Board members claimed not to know they were their son . They drove a car bought using organisation funds . Board members did n't know the organisation even owned that car . Ms Sharobeem was then asked if the organisation paid for Richard 's liposuction treatment at Westmead Hospital in March 2015 . `` No , '' they replied . They were shown receipts showing that they used a personal credit card to pay for $ 3000 of the cost but that within 2½ hours that money had been transferred from the Non-English Speaking Housing organisation they ran as expenses to a personal account .
`` Oh , dear , '' Ms Sharobeem said . Acting commissioner Reginald Blanch , QC , asked : `` Is n't the only conclusion you dishonestly transferred the money as reimbursement ? '' `` I disagree , it did n't happen , '' they replied . When the NESH board questioned the payment , Ms Sharobeem told them it was an expense for the sister organisation , the Immigrant Women 's Health Service . `` We traced the $ 3000 in IWHS books as well , it is paid by me to Westmead Hospital education department as a contribution to [ a domestic violence ] conference which I presented a paper at on behalf of IWHS , '' Ms Sharobeem reassured board members .
Westmead Hospital advised the commission no such presentation was made . Ms Sharobeem insisted it was . Ms Sharobeem was also accused of racking up $ 34,000 in traffic fines over eight years , including $ 10,000 from 2014-15 alone with the State Debt Recovery Office seeking payment covering some 40 offences , the commission heard . In a fiery exchange with counsel assisting the commission , Ramesh Rajalingam , Ms Sharobeem defended their actions in claiming the fines from an organisation that cared for newly arrived immigrant women . You 're using IWHS funds to pay for your own tickets , Mr Rajalingam said , waving a folder filled with the receipts of just one year . `` It 's part of my package , '' they replied .
Mr Rajalingam asserted it was improper for the IWHS to pay . `` Who should pay it ? '' Ms Sharobeem said . `` It 's part of my package . All the fines were paid by the service because it was part of my package . It 's a ticket given during working hours . `` When I received my work , I was told that the car and everything associated with the car was part of your package , '' they told the commission . It came a day after they said they did nothing wrong having the IWHS pay for renovations on the building they owned that housed the organisation . Ms Sharobeem was also accused of ordering IWHS staff to sign declarations they were driving their car when they were issued with an infringement notice because they `` did n't have many points left '' . In another example , they were fined $ 132 for driving at 60km/h in a 40km/h zone . It was noted by the booking police officer that a woman was driving the car .
When they were pulled over , the officer noted that they said : `` I ca n't believe it . I 've had problems . '' But their son Charlie Sharobeem signed a statutory declaration that they were driving the car . Ms Sharobeem was also accused of purporting to be a treating psychologist to the Department of Corrections in the case of a young man known to their family . The man had issues with drugs and gambling and had breached parole . In a parole report from August 2011 , the parole officer referred to the man 's `` treating psychologist '' .
`` [ The man 's ] psychologist stated that they continue to work closely with both the offender and their family , '' the report said , noting there were further appointments with the psychologist scheduled . Ms Sharobeem said they had seen the man as `` an aunty '' offering them and the family support . Ms Sharobeem has falsely claimed to have a PhD and be a practising psychologist and regularly saw clients as a treating psychologist while not registered , ICAC has heard previously . They have no qualifications but maintains they have an honorary doctorate from a university in Cairo that they can not substantiate because of a fire during the Arab Spring . The commission was also shown parole details from Bankstown Community Corrections concerning the parole case , in which Ms Sharobeem was referred to as `` Dr '' .
Mr Rajalingam asserted Ms Sharobeem had told the Department of Corrections they were a psychologist . They said they did not remember . You were their psychologist , were n't you ? asked Mr Rajalingam . No , I referred him , they replied . Ms Sharobeem was also accused of receiving money from the Smith Family to hold employment courses for immigrant women – but of never using the money to conduct them . Instead it 's alleged other organisations such as TAFE ran those courses at their own expense . Even then they inflated the numbers attending the courses so they could impress their funders with the good work so they could derive more funds into the future , the commission heard .
They denied the allegation . Loading At the end of their eighth day of evidence , during which they have repeatedly denied any wrongdoing , claimed they have been framed and is guilty of nothing more than making honest mistakes , Ms Sharobeem broke down when told they would have to reappear in July . `` I ca n't do any more , '' they sobbed . `` You have killed my soul , killed my body . I ca n't . ''
The year is 2015 . The scene : a large , yet stuffy meeting room . On one side of a desk sits a panel of FA bods in intimidatingly smart suits , who decide whether to approve a foreign player for a work permit from the Government .
On the other side of this desk sit the supplicants : a Premier League club seeking a permit for their prospective new signing . And outside this room , an alternative universe in which the United Kingdom had left the European Union years ago .
“ So , this player 's French , is he ? Have they played in 45 per cent of France 's competitive matches over the past two years ? ”
“ Not quite , no . ”
“ How many 's they played ? ”
“ Approximately none . ”
“ I see . Have they played in the Champions League ? ”
“ No , he 's just completed their first top-flight season . ”
“ Right . In that case , we can not grant you a Governing Body Endorsement under Tier 2 of the Home Office Points Based System .
Go and buy somebody else . ”
“ But ... ”
“ You can easily find a British midfielder who 's just as good . Who even is this guy ? No one 's ever heard of ... N'Golo Kante . ”
This is a scene that could be commonplace after the real Brexit in this real universe .
An uncertain world
Admittedly , the reality is a lot less dramatic . There are no stand-offs in large , yet stuffy meeting rooms . Nobody knows for sure if the UK 's departure from the EU will result in British work permit rules being the same as they are now for players from nations outside the European Economic Area , or the EEA ( more on that to come later ) . And Kante could well have been granted entry after appeal .
It 's far from certain , however , that the PFA Player of the Year could have joined Leicester City under Brexit rules . As for the previous winner , Riyad Mahrez , recruited from the French second division – forget about it . And what of Kante 's current Chelsea colleagues ? Well , wave goodbye to Marcos Alonso , Cesar Azpilicueta and a few more .
Riyad Mahrez 's journey from French second tier to Premier League be possible ?
Yet FourFourTwo can reveal that the footballing fallout from Brexit potentially goes much further . Discussions have been dominated by fears foreign stars may stop flocking to the Premier League , but that is only one scenario . Hiring backroom staff may become a nightmare , or a financial crisis could cause lucrative television deals to implode . Alternatively , there 's a chance England could become a half-decent team once again . Anything 's possible .
If every EU footballer currently in the Premier League applied for a work permit tomorrow , then 75 per cent of them would initially fail
Brexit could play out in an almost infinite number of ways . The most significant changes to trade and immigration would likely come in the event of ‘ hard Brexit ' . This has prompted a mixture of intrigue , excitement and sheer bloody terror . The UK is currently bound by laws allowing freedom of movement for workers in the EU , which is why Nigel Farage wakes up each morning in a cold , beery sweat .
That 'll change when prime minister Theresa May exercises the UK 's freedom of movement from the EU . Many people predict that Britain-bound players from the 30 other EEA countries ( every EU nation as well as Norway , Iceland and Liechtenstein ) will need to meet the same requirements for a work permit as other imports .
These requirements are tough , too . If every EU footballer currently in the Premier League applied for a work permit tomorrow , then 75 per cent of them would initially fail . Do n't panic : no one will be forced to leave . But take this sample as a basis for future transfers and you lose 121 of the 164 players coming in . And down in the Championship , just three of the 161 EU players meet the criteria : two Irishmen and Romanian Reading winger , Adrian Popa .
Why ? Because in 2015 the FA tightened regulations on non-EEA players , and before they 'll endorse one for a work permit from the Home Office , they measure their country 's aggregated FIFA ranking over two seasons – FIFA rankings a famously accurate indicator of quality – and calculate their importance .
Ainsley 's Angels is Proud to Present `` Power To Push '' : Run Across America !
MUST watch video , click here .
The Written Details :
Who : The Evans Family . Specially , Shamus and Shaun will run , while mother , Nichole , and younger brother , Simon ( 6 ) will provide support along the route .
What : A 3,186 mile journeys across the United States
When : With a duration of 70 days , the trek will take place during the 2015 school summer vacation .
Where : The Evans Family will make the journey from Seattle , WA to New York City .
Why : The mission of the cross country run will be to raise awareness and provide fund raising support for nonprofit organizations such as Ainsley 's Angels that promote involvement and active lifestyles for children with disabilities .
How this idea came to become reality : Shaun Evans is an ultra marathon runner from upstate NY . Their 8 year old son Shamus was born with cerebral palsy . The disability limits Shamus 's use of their legs and as a result they use a wheelchair as their primary means of mobility . As soon as Shamus was old enough to ride in a jogging stroller they joined Shaun on training runs , covering 20 miles at a time at the age of 18 months . In 2012 , after thousands of miles Shamus out grew their jogging stroller . In 2013 , with the help of Ainsley 's Angels , Shamus was able to obtain a new , larger running chariot that enabled them and Shaun to continue their passion together . They entered some local 5 and 10k 's , but Shamus wanted to push the limits and go a little further . In August , with Captain Shamus is charge , they competed in the Sweltering 6 hour run . As Shaun supplied the legs and 'power to push ' , Shamus 'pulled ' Dad along . On the morning of the race , Shamus said to their dad “ Let 's win ! I really want to win a race ! '' . Shaun repiled , `` We will do our best . '' Together they covered 45 miles in the allotted time and came in 1st place . The next male finisher was 9 miles behind . With Shamus ' smile and spirit encouraging Shaun 's legs , they accomplished the mission , THEY WON AN ULTRAMARATHON !
What could be next ? Shamus had an idea , and during the summer of 2015 , that idea will become a reality ! Because they witnessed how the assistance from Ainsley 's Angels to secure a larger jogger chair changed thier lives , We strive to raise enough money to donate ( 1 ) large jogger chair in every state !
DREAM BIG ... BELIEVE ... ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE !
Japanese pro-wrestler-turned-politician Kanji `` Antonio '' Inoki plans to stage a two-day martial arts extravaganza in Pyongyang later this month in an oddball attempt at sports diplomacy just as relations between North Korea and Japan are beginning to thaw . ( Eugene Hoshiko/AP )
It might not be the “ Rumble in the Jungle ” or at King of the Ring level , but an international pro wrestling tournament set for the end of the month is sure to stand out as a historic event : It is taking place in Pyongyang , North Korea .
At least 21 fighters will battle it out in the country 's capital in an event organized by Antonio Inoki , a retired professional wrestling star and now a Japanese politician , who hopes the tournament will help ease international tensions with Kim Jong-un 's regime .
“ Sports events bring people together , ” Inoki said . “ That 's what I 've been saying for a long time. ” Now 71 and retired from the ring , the lantern-jawed , 6-foot-3-inch Inoki is still instantly recognizable among Japanese . They are perhaps best known among Americans for a strange 1976 match in Tokyo against Muhammad Ali — a fight considered a precursor to mixed martial arts — that ended in a lackluster draw .
“ This is sports entertainment . Olympic games are a competition between countries , but here spectators can freely choose which star to cheer for and unite as one , ” said Inoki , a lawmaker in Japan 's upper house who was known as “ Burning Fighting Spirit ” in the ring . Speaking in an interview in their parliamentary office , they wore their trademark red scarf , a remnant from their wrestling days , despite the summer heat .
The wrestlers heading to Pyongyang for the Aug. 30-31 event , which will incorporate the Korean and Japanese martial arts taekwondo and aikido as well as pro wrestling , will include three Americans .
Japanese pro wrestler Antonio Inoki kicks the back of Muhammad Ali 's leg during their boxing wrestling bout on June 26 , 1976 at the Budokan Hall in Tokyo . The fight ended in a draw . ( AP )
They are Bob Sapp , who has achieved a certain level of fame in Japan ; Bobby Lashley , the world heavyweight champion in “ Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ” ; and Eric Hammer . Wrestlers from Japan ( including four women ) , Brazil , France , China and the Netherlands are also attending , Inoki said .
The event comes more than six months after Dennis Rodman and other former NBA players made international headlines , few of them positive , while holding a basketball tournament in Pyongyang . Rodman sat courtside with Kim and later partied with the North Korean leader , even singing “ Happy Birthday ” to him .
That trip was widely criticized in the United States for sending the wrong message to Kim , a sworn enemy of Washington whom Rodman called a “ friend for life . ”
The Obama administration has been practicing “ strategic patience ” with Pyongyang , trying to wait out Kim and their cronies rather than becoming sucked into another round of negotiations in which North Korea promises to move toward denuclearization , extracts rewards from the outside world , then returns to its atomic antics .
While Kim 's regime has not carried out a fourth nuclear test , as feared , it has been conducting provocative missile launches and unleashing a stream of anti-American invective that is colorful even by North Korean standards .
But in Tokyo , the wrestling event is not creating the sorts of waves that Rodman 's trip caused in Washington . In fact , it could even be helpful .
Inoki , whose ties with North Korea date to theirs being mentored by Rikidozan , an ethnic Korean wrestler , organized a similar tournament called “ Collision in Korea ” in 1995 . Their trip next week will mark their 30th visit to Pyongyang .
Meanwhile , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , a hard-liner who has taken a tough stance against North Korea , has been trying to make progress on a decades-old abduction issue .
At least 17 Japanese citizens were abducted during the 1970s and 1980s to train North Korean spies in the Japanese language and ways . Although Pyongyang admitted seizing the Japanese nationals and let five of them return home in 2002 , it has claimed that the others died in North Korea .
But now Kim 's regime has agreed to open a new investigation into their fate , and Japanese officials are cautiously hopeful that some abductees might be alive and might be returned . North Korea 's first report from the investigation panel is due next month , and Abe 's government last month lifted some sanctions as a gesture of goodwill .
Inoki , who entered politics by creating their own “ Sports and Peace Party ” and has long advocated an approach of “ world peace through sports , ” fancies themselves as Japan 's unofficial point man .
In this case , they have something of a track record .
In 1990 , just a year after they were elected to parliament , more than 100 Japanese citizens were taken hostage by Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , to be used as human shields against the imminent onset of the Persian Gulf War .
On their own accord , Inoki went to Iraq several times before organizing a “ peace festival ” incorporating pro wrestling , karate and judo in Baghdad . A few days later , all the remaining hostages were freed ( although the Japanese Foreign Ministry was also negotiating for their release ) .
While saying that they are not going to Pyongyang to press the abduction issue , Inoki clearly sees themselves as having some sway on the matter .
The former wrestler dismisses critics in Tokyo who accuse them of self-promotion .
“ A character like me is rare , ” they said . “ I say , ‘ I do n't care ! ' Courage is essential . It 's important to gain support from your own people , but you need to move half , or one step ahead of everyone . . . . Someday , someone will recognize that I have acted with goodwill . ”
Yet North Korea seems impervious to “ soft power ” — the idea that countries can get what they want through attraction rather than coercion or force — said the father of the concept , Harvard scholar Joseph Nye .
“ When it comes to North Korea , I tend to be a little bit skeptical about these sorts of things , ” Nye said , recalling the much-heralded trip that the New York Philharmonic made to Pyongyang in 2008 , which did nothing for U.S.-North Korea relations .
Save this picture ! Winning Entry : Exhibition Space . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
UNESCO , in collaboration with the Afghan Ministry of Information and Culture , have announced the winning proposal for the Bamiyan Cultural Centre . An Argentina-based team , lead by Carlos Nahuel Recabarren alongside Manuel Alberto Martínez Catalán and Franco Morero , were selected from 1,070 design entries from 117 countries . Prepatory work on implementing their scheme , entitled Descriptive Memory : The Eternal Presence of Absence , `` will start immediately '' close to the boundaries of the Bamiyan World Heritage site .
See the winning entry and the four runners-up after the break .
+ 26
With generous financial support from the Republic of Korea , the Cultural Centre will be realised in a prominent location close to the boundaries of the World Heritage property of the Cultural Landscape and Archaeological Remains of Bamiyan . Although the World Heritage Site is best known for the large standing Buddhas that were destroyed in 2001 , `` the Cultural Centre is oriented more toward the future , encompassing the multi-layered heritage of Afghanistan 's long history and envisioning the building as a cornerstone in efforts to preserve culture , promote research and build community around culture . '' The international competition to design the centre marked the first step in this process .
Design proposals had to be centred around the theme of national unity to promote heritage safeguarding , cross-cultural awareness , and cultural identity thereby contributing to the broader aims of reconciliation , peace-building and economic development in Afghanistan . The design also had to complement the physical and historical landscape of Bamiyan , described by UNESCO as a landscape that `` bears an exceptional testimony to a cultural tradition in the Central Asian region , which has disappeared . '' In making its selection , the jury applied design principles emphasising `` innovation , facilitation of community , environmental consciousness , and connection to the natural and cultural landscape of the Bamiyan Valley . ''
Paolo Fontani , director of the UNESCO office in Afghanistan , has said that `` this competition was an opportunity to create a new pattern for architecture , design and cultural development in Afghanistan . It is one of our objectives to make sure that the Afghan people recognize themselves in the design concept . ”
The winning design was endorsed by the Afghan President , Ashraf Ghani , who acknowledged UNESCO 's competitive selection process and voiced their dedication to protect Afghanistan 's cultural heritage . Following this , it has been announced that the Afghan government will set up a major national culture program whose aim sole will be to value the country 's rich cultural diversity . The program will include a nationwide archaeological survey , a creative industries programs , and targeted activities to safeguard minority rights across the country .
Jury members included :
Zahara Bereshna , Architect
, Architect Young Joon Kim , Architect
, Architect Robert Knox , Museum curator , former Keeper of the Asia Collection at the British Museum
, Museum curator , former Keeper of the Asia Collection at the British Museum Elizabeth O'Donnell , Architect , Acting Dean of The Cooper Union
, Architect , Acting Dean of The Cooper Union Ajmal Maiwandi , Architect , CEO of Aga Khan Trust for Culture , Afghanistan
, Architect , CEO of Aga Khan Trust for Culture , Afghanistan Jukka Jokilehto , Special Advisor to the Director-General of ICCROM , Member of International Council on Monuments and Sites ( ICOMOS )
, Special Advisor to the Director-General of ICCROM , Member of International Council on Monuments and Sites ( ICOMOS ) Cameron Sinclair , Executive Director , Jolie-Pitt Foundation , co-founder of Architecture for Humanity
First Place : Descriptive Memory : The Eternal Presence of Absence / Carlos Nahuel Recabarren , Manuel Alberto Martínez Catalán , Franco Morero [ BCC000738 , Argentina ]
Save this picture ! Winning Entry : Entry Hall . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
From the architect . The Bamiyan Cultural Centre seeks to create a new vital centre for communicating and sharing ideas . Therefore , our proposal tries to create not an object-building but rather a meeting place ; a system of negative spaces where the impressive landscape of the Buddha Cliffs intertwine with the rich cultural activity that the centre will foster . The Bamiyan Cultural Centre then is not a built but rather ‘ found ' or ‘ discovered ' by carving it out of the ground . This primordial architectural strategy creates a minimal impact building that fully integrates into the landscape , takes advantage of thermal inertia and insulation of the ground and gives a nod to the ancient local building traditions .
The jury identified `` exceptional qualities '' in this winning entry : `` a well-conceived plan providing for all program elements as well as a separation of public/exhibition and research/educational activities ; a very sensitive site strategy that produced an elegant entry sequence and minimal visual impact on the site , integrating the building as part of a larger garden strategy , and the suggestion of brick construction that would be expressed on the interior spaces of the building , creating elegant passageways that could easily serve as informal or formal meeting spaces and additional informal gallery spaces . They also found the project to be an appropriately scaled project , and with careful design development , would be a very buildable project . ''
Save this picture ! Winning Entry . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Winning Entry : Ground Floor Plan . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Winning Entry : Site Overview . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Runner-Up : Ahmet Balkan , Emre Bozatli [ BCC002009 , Turkey ]
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 1 ] : Interior Perspective . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
From the architect . The idea of unity is enhanced by simplicity and silence . We propose simplicity in terms of the entire architecture , a vital compression , in which the hawli along an outward structure is proposed as a starting point for future adaptation and extension . It is a bare-architecture , a backbone-architecture to be filled with life ; an abstract , undecorated , non-imposing architecture which leaves freedom to its users as to how to use and transform the edifice into the cultural centre of collective will .
Simplicity rather than excess is foreseen in terms of construction . Given that funds are extremely valuable and limited , in a context of social conflict and deep economic suffering , we propose a straightforward construction based on 3 materials : concrete for the structure to span large & flexible spaces ; locally produced baked brick as the main building material belonging to this place and sustaining local economy , ecology , and tradition ; and local stone for a refined flooring fit for a cultural centre this nature .
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 1 ] : Ground Floor Plan . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 1 ] : Overview . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 1 ] : Interior Perspective . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 1 ] : Interior Perspective . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Runner-Up : Noel Dominguez , Zoe Salvaire , Agathe Culot , Anna Kampmann , Alexandre Ferron [ BCC002022 , France ]
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 2 ] : Performance Space . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
From the architect . The Bamiyan Cultural Centre ( BCC ) is comprised of rich and fascinating program elements integrated into a site which is remarkable both for its landscape and its history . Our project aims to honor and promote the sharing of this preeminent cultural , landscape and historic heritage , even as it provides the Afghan community in Bamiyan and its visitors an exciting and powerful tool for the collective writing of history to come .
The BCC program is organized like a village – buildings ( “ program blocks ” ) are arranged around interior streets ( walkways and views toward the near , medium and faroff landscape ) . Situated in the prolongation of the existing urban network ( police and TV station ) , the project preserves built continuity . Although the BCC facilities in the vicinity are obviously incomparable , the “ program-blocks ” are of a scale close to the pre-existing buildings and fit harmoniously into the context .
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 2 ] : Ground Floor Plan . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 2 ] : Elevation . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 2 ] : Interior Perspective . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 2 ] : Interior Perspective . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Runner-Up : Costas Nicolaou , Constantinos Marcou [ BCC004104 , Cyprus ]
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 3 ] : Perspective View . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
From the architect . This proposal looks at the notion of culture beyond the poetic explanations that were embedded by different approaches and to read it means to understand it within social and political context . Bamiyan as a post-traumatic city has experienced political conflicts that have dominated its physical environment . The cultural voids of such trauma are embodied not only within the memory of its people but exist as the absence of “ cultural space ” . Although often romanticised , this suggests that the notion of culture is something more than social and the claim of it can become the apparatus for political conflict . The Buddha Cliffs , are such examples in which the productive space of culture is marked with the absence of its main treasures , the Buddha Statues .
Taking into consideration four main artefacts that are part of Bamiyan 's local environment the Cultural Centre is proposed as an archipelago of these elements , creating a new way of reading both the historical monument of the Buddha Cliff and the entire city . These elements are : firstly , the walls as physical borders that frame their housing units . Secondly , the plantations that create a mosaic that re-defines the landscape . Thirdly the “ invisible ” but yet formal passages that are found in the surrounded area that also re-configure the city 's DNA and finally the cliff as an element of both natural and artificial context .
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 3 ] : Ground Floor Plan . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 3 ] : Conceptual Diagrams . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 3 ] : Elevation . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 3 ] : Perspective View . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Runner-Up : Graham Baldwin , Alessandra Covini [ BCC003532 , The Netherlands ]
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 4 ] : Interior Perspectives . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
From the architect . The project is composed by a series of carved out rammed earth walls that emerge from the ground . The rich materiality of the walls reflect the landscape , fusing the monolithic forms with the environment . Each wall is abstract in form and defined only internally by a series of carved out niches , enclaves , passages and services that serve as the infrastructure for the cultural centre .
The walls take this form and earthly appearance as not to compete with the program of the cultural centre . Staged between the walls are spaces for performance and exhibition , working and research . The architecture in between is open , maintaining views over the Bamiyan valley , and framing discourse between programmatic adjacencies . This architecture lends itself to the living walls and the cliffs where the buddhas once sat . It does not try to compete with nature and with itself , but exists only for the people as a way to stage their cultures .
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 4 ] : Ground Floor Plan . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 4 ] : Entrance View . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 4 ] : Elevation . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
Save this picture ! Runner-Up [ 4 ] : Section . Image Courtesy of UNESCO
UNESCO Launches Design Competition for Bamiyan Cultural Centre in Afghanistan
Conservative backbencher Cory Bernardi has warned the prime minister off doing deals with Labor and the Greens , saying it could spell the end of the Liberal Party .
The Liberal senator has no doubt it will be difficult for the government to pass legislation when parliament resumes next week , but warns any deals with the left would come at a heavy price for their party .
The coalition has 30 seats in the new Senate and needs another nine votes to pass laws and motions .
It 'll either have to work with Labor , the Greens or the motley crew of 11 crossbenchers , including Pauline Hanson 's powerful One Nation bloc of four and Nick Xenophon 's team of three .
Senator Bernardi says neither side can deliver what the country needs but warns the government against giving in to the `` anti-market agenda '' .
`` Any deal with Labor and the Greens would presumably involve the compromise of the conservative principles underpinning the Liberal Party philosophy , '' Senator Bernardi writes in their weekly `` dose of common sense '' email on Wednesday .
`` Whilst it may be tempting for the government to accede to the anti-market agenda in the hope of getting a few wins on the board , to do so would ultimately deliver worse outcomes for everyday Australians and our country .
`` It may also have significant implications for the future of the Liberal Party itself . ''
Senator Bernardi says Liberal principles of lower taxes , stronger families , free enterprise and limited government were not shared by Labor or the Greens .
Deals with the opposition and the minor parties would just result in more attacks on capitalism and money wasted on international programs , climate change initiatives and domestic social engineering agendas , they said .
Accident scene on single-track line in Puglia region is described by local mayor as ‘ looking like a plane crash ' , with Italian prime minister demanding answers
A head-on collision between two trains in southern Italy left at least 25 people dead and dozens more injured , authorities said .
The trains crashed on a single stretch of track through an olive grove between the towns of Corato and Andria in Puglia on Tuesday .
“ Tears and pain for the victims and their families . But also a lot of anger . We demand clarity on what happened in Puglia this morning , ” said Italy 's prime minister , Matteo Renzi . They cut short a visit to Milan to travel to Puglia .
Three carriages were torn apart by the impact between the two trains , which had been travelling down a single-track line in Italy 's south-eastern Puglia region .
Rescue operators warned the death toll could rise as some of the roughly 50 injured were in serious condition .
Authorities urged blood donors to go to local hospitals .
The crash happened at around 11.30am on a hot summer 's day .
Commander Giancarlo Conticchio of the railway police told Sky TG24 : “ Surely one of the two trains should n't have been there . And surely there was an error , ” they said . “ We need to determine the cause of the error . ”
“ It looks like there has been a plane crash , ” said the mayor of Corato , Massimo Mazzilli , who published photos of firefighters working through the wreckage .
Luca Cari , a spokesperson for the fire brigade , said they recovered a young boy alive from the wreckage .
Each train was made up of four carriages . An aerial image showed carriages smashed and crumpled by the collision , and debris spread out on either side of the track . Four carriages were left standing upright on the rails , a fifth had jumped off the tracks , and the other three appeared destroyed .
A police officer at the crash site said passengers were calling for help and crying . “ A horrific scene , unbelievable , ” they told Rai News . “ The worst scene of my life . ”
In the aftermath of the crash a number of survivors sat under olive trees next to the carriages . “ I went barefoot under the wreckage . I dug my way out under the metal pieces and was able to save my husband . I saw people in pieces , ” one survivor told Telesveva .
One man said they had been listening to music when the crash happened . “ At a certain point I found myself on the floor and I immediately got up . I saw the train conductor who was on the floor , ” they said , adding that it was five minutes before they were able to escape from the train .
Italy 's transport minister , Graziano Delrio , was due to travel to Puglia and dispatched two government officials to examine the crash site .
Renzi 's comments were echoed on Twitter by the speaker of Italian parliament , Laura Boldrini , who said : “ Close to the families of victims and those injured in the head-on train crash in Puglia . I hope that there will soon be clarity on the cause of the disaster . ”
The EU 's commissioner for transport , Violeta Bulc , expressed their condolences online and said they were following the situation closely .
The stretch of track is operated by a private regional rail company , Ferrotramviaria , which has not yet commented on the incident .
The last major rail disaster in Italy was in 2009 when a freight train derailed in Viareggio , in the centre of the country . More than 30 people living close to the tracks were killed in the subsequent fire .
Tuesday 's crash occurred north of the regional capital , Bari , in countryside less than 10 miles from coast . Known for its olive oil production in the heel of Italy 's “ boot ” , Puglia has in recent years become increasingly popular with foreign tourists .
With Reuters
If you want our freedoms restored , well , as they say , do n't hold your breath waiting — especially since holding your breath may soon be against the law , at least in a certain context .
In an effort many would describe as the nanny-state run amuck , there 's a movement afoot to ban “ prolonged breath holding ” in public pools . Reuters Barbara Goldberg reports :
A U.S. Navy SEAL hopeful and their friend , an off-duty lifeguard , were barreling through underwater drills in a pool just 3.5 feet ( 1 meter ) deep . No one realized anything was wrong until their limp , unconscious bodies were noticed beneath the surface .
This summer , nearly four years after those deaths in a Staten Island pool raised alarms about a little known hazard called shallow-water blackout or hypoxic blackout , New York City is putting up warning signs at all public pools prohibiting prolonged breath holding .
It is part of a movement to raise awareness of the peril that has killed accomplished swimmers and to stop it by banning lengthy breath holding in the nation 's estimated 300,000 public pools .
Goldberg tells us that New York City and Santa Barbara , California , have , along with perhaps some other U.S. cities , already outlawed the practice . And on the surface this may make sense to some if even aspiring Navy Seals can die engaging in it . But unlike with serious swimmers , the perils for society become greater when policy-makers ' analyses stay on the surface .
Goldberg also reports that “ in New York state [ sic ] alone , four people aged 17 to 22 and ‘ known to be advanced to expert swimmers ' '' died in breath holding incidents from 1988 to 2011 . ”
Four .
And that would be over a 23-year span in a state with almost 20 million people .
During that same period approximately 30,000 New Yorkers died in motor-vehicle accidents . Should we outlaw cars ?
Some will say the difference is that driving is a necessity while underwater breath-holding is not , but this implied standard would justify the prohibition of most recreational activity . While national statistics on hypoxic-blackout deaths are hard to come by , if we extrapolate the NY figures to a population of 320 million ( the U.S. 's approximate population ) , we arrive at a figure of 64 over the 23-year period . For every 23-year period between the years 1862 and 2007 , however , there was an average of at least 144 baseball-related deaths , usually from being struck by hard balls . Perhaps America 's favorite pastime should be relegated to the past .
There are other activities responsible for far more deaths than prolonged breath-holding , such as horseback riding , hang gliding , rock climbing , skateboarding , motorcycle racing , cave diving , and heli-skiing . People also die weightlifting , sometimes from torn aortas or by dropping heavy barbells on their chests . So the government has a lot of banning to do to fully save us from ourselves .
Also note that as with this story about the death of a competitive Russian power lifter and a close call I had with a barbell during my professional athlete days , the hypoxic-blackout deaths seem almost exclusively limited to the highly-accomplished and driven , to swimmers such as Navy Seal aspirants ( another individual was training for spear fishing ) . The point ? These are people engaging in extreme sports/activities , which always entail greater risk than does normal recreation ; serious athletes understand this , and we could n't have serious athletics without the acceptance of it .
Of course , these serious swimmers should be warned of the dangers , and they 'd be wise to take a leaf out of weightlifters ' book and use “ spotters ” when engaging in their extreme breath-holding . But laws wo n't stop such ambitious individuals from pursuing their training . Moreover , the problem here is much the same as when politicians cite silk-and satin CEOs or well-heeled hedge-fund managers to justify higher taxation : A few extreme cases are used as poster boys for policy that will apply to everyone .
For example , I swam frequently as a child , and seeing how far you could go underwater on one breath was almost a rite of passage . As an adult I 've also had the occasional lighthearted competition in this regard , and I 've seen family and friends do so as well . It 's something engaged in by millions each year without incident — against four deaths over 23 years . And it should be prohibited ? Really ?
At this point some might say I should take a breath , that this is much ado about little . But it 's actually a symptom of wider problems , such as the health-Nazi , nanny-state mentality advanced by those who , as C.S . Lewis put it , “ torment us for our own good [ and ] will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience. ” Then there 's another issue : grieving-activist advocacy .
It 's not unusual today for victims or their families to appear in front of legislative bodies to advocate for a cause . Politicians often find this useful , as it 's much harder to , for instance , oppose gun control when a weeping mother comes before lawmakers and gives testimony as to how a pistol-wielding thug took their child 's life . And this phenomenon is evident with respect to hypoxic-blackout deaths , too . As Goldberg tells us , “ The push to ban breath holding is largely driven by families who lost loved ones ” to the practice .
Now , a person who loses a loved one will obviously be heartbroken , and allowances must be made when perhaps rash statements are rendered in a grief-stricken state . But making allowances for politicians who base policy on such statements — or , worse still , use such people as “ political human shields ” — is a different matter .
This should not happen , and for the same reason why we do n't allow a victim ( or their relatives ) to choose the victimizer 's punishment . We understand that the operative principle here is not vengeance but justice . And this can not be fair and consistent if determined by the very inconsistent thing called human emotional state , something especially unreliable when beset by irrationality , which often plagues the aggrieved . Yet while we would n't allow the perhaps irrational desires of the heartbroken to trump the law , we allow them to influence that law in the first place .
Law must be based on principles , not passions . If we understood this , we would n't increasingly be drowning in proliferating laws , regulations , and mandates that make it harder for all of us to breathe — in water or out .
Alberta is the home of high wages as residents earn around 25 per cent more than the average Canadian . Even among young people , between the ages of 15 and 24 , the average wage is $ 18 per hour .
The province is also home to the second lowest minimum wage in the country at $ 10.20 per hour .
MAP | Minimum wage across Canada
However , hardly anyone earns that amount in Alberta . As of last year , less than two per cent of the population made the minimum wage , as compared to seven per cent nationally .
Teenagers are the most exposed . - author David Green
That 's about to change though as Rachel Notley 's NDP government moves ahead with its plan to bring the minimum wage up to $ 15 per hour in the space of three years . Small business are upset and economists are curious about just what will happen to the labour market with this experiment .
`` It 's something that I do n't know the answer to , '' said David Green , an economist with the University of British Columbia and author of the book The Case for Raising the Minimum Wage . `` There is no research that I know of on the employment effects of staging a minimum wage change in faster or slower . ''
10 % earn $ 10- $ 15 per hour
According to numbers from Statistics Canada , roughly 10.5 per cent of Albertans make between $ 10 and $ 15 per hour . If you add it to the two per cent who earn the minimum , we 're talking nearly 300,000 Albertans who will see their wages go up .
But not all of those will see a $ 5 per hour increase , only around 40,000 earn $ 10.20 an hour . The other 250,000 earn somewhere between $ 10 and $ 15 per hour . The impact on Alberta is smaller than it would be on other provinces with more low wage earners .
Of course , no one disputes that some of those people will lose their jobs .
The Canadian Federation of Independent Business suggests that between 53,500 and 195,000 Albertans will lose their jobs , but Green says the numbers are n't clear .
Teenagers most at risk of losing their jobs
`` It matters a lot based on the age structure , '' said Green . `` For teenagers , the standard estimate is that if you increase the minimum wage by 10 per cent , employment will decrease by 2.5 per cent . ''
Around 35 per cent of minimum wage earners in Alberta are under the age of 19 . Many of those have not finished high school yet and are working in food service or retail .
Green says older workers are not as vulnerable .
`` Teenagers are the most exposed , and also do n't forget they 're often in jobs that are n't given a lot of responsibility . They 're the most disposable . ''
Of course that data is based on a 10 per cent increase in the minimum wage , not a 50 per cent increase . No one is sure how that will unfold .
`` Most people think if they did it tomorrow , say if they walked in and said 'as of today , the minimum wage is $ 15 , ' there would be a bunch of layoffs right out of the gate , '' said Green . `` And then readjustment back toward employment rate back where you started . But if you stage it in over time , does it change the total impact on the employment rate ? ''
Green says to expect some layoffs , but also more demand for other types of workers as companies adjust . They also say that businesses will tend to make investments to automate some jobs and raise prices .
`` There 's no free lunch , '' said Green . `` Someone has to pay these extra costs somewhere . ''
I 've always noticed a heavy crossover of rowers who enter the sport of cycling . There are heaps of rowers who often make the transition to become gun bike riders . So just what is it about these rowers that make them such strong cyclists ?
Yesterday I had a good chat with Drew Ginn about this topic . Most of you will know Drew from days as a triple Olympic gold medallist and part of Australia 's Oarsome Foursome at the Atlanta 1996 Olympics . He 's now back in the boat training hard for London 2012 .
I know Drew better as a cyclist than a rower . They dedicated themselves to cycling throughout 2010 and I had the pleasure of riding and racing along side them on many occasions ( well , actually strung out behind him ) . From day one they were an absolute monster on the bike and picked up the intricacies of racing very quickly . They took the work ethic and discipline required to win Olympic Gold medals in rowing and transferred it over to their cycling .
Cameron Wurf 's athletic career began with rowing . In 2004 they competed in the lightweight Double Skull on the Olympic team . Shortly after the Athens Olympics they left rowing due to injuries and took up cycling . Straight away their lab numbers were impressive and they began the transformation to professional bike racing in 2007 . He 's been very smart about the people he 's worked with and has ridden with successful teams such Fuji-Servetto , Androni Giocattoli and now Liquigas-Cannondale . Cam finished 5th overall in this year 's Tour of Turkey .
Other notable Australian rowers who have made a successful transition to cycling are Bridie O'Donnell , Amber Halliday , Amy Gillett ( who is sadly no longer with us ) , and apparently even Rupert Guinness ! I 'm not aware of any other former rowers in the pro peloton besides Cameron Wurf , but there are heaps in amateur scene .
Similarities Between Rowing and Cycling
The physiology required for rowing and cycling are very similar . Many rowers have developed a massive cardiovascular engine through years of very specific training . Once they string together a few months of cycling and adapt to the different muscle movements they begin riding remarkably well .
It might not be obvious at first sight that rowing requires great leg and hip strength . The upper body movement is basically just a completion of the stroke . Everything else is concentric movement originating from the legs and hips . This translates wonderfully towards cycling .
Training
Riding a bike is often not a new activity to the dedicated rower . It 's an important component of their training and the aerobic volume that cycling allows benefits them greatly .
The rower 's approach to their training is often very different that a cyclist 's ( I 'm talking amateur cyclists here ) . Rowers tend to train and compete in the boat for as hard as they can for relatively short periods of time ( ~6 minutes ) . When they switch over to cycling they often keep training like this which tends to condition them very effectively rather than sitting in a bunch ride sitting on wheels . Because of this many rowers train themselves to operate like a big diesel engine versus having the turn of speed that pure bike racers have .
Pacing
Both sports create athletes who are very attune to managing their pain threshold and pacing themselves over a specified distance . Both types of athletes need to know how to get the most out of themselves over the distance and not go too hard too early . In cycling you can go hard at an effort for 3 or 4 minutes and fool yourself into thinking you can hold that pace . But if you want to sustain the effort for an hour you need to learn the mental game of being on the limit and knowing how to manage yourself properly so that you can keep going until the finish .
Similarly in rowing . A race might be 2km long for 6 minutes . It 's easy to make the mistake of going out hard 5 seconds quicker in the first 500m , but find at the end that you 're 10sec slower . It 's similar to the pacing tactics used in the Individual Pursuit .
Tactics
Both sports reward and showcase talent through raw physiology . Neither sport relies 100 % on physiology , but you certainly ca n't do well without it .
In bike racing the strongest rider does n't always win . There 's the tactical element that we all know very well . Smart riders are always conserving energy and wo n't do a turn on the front unless there 's good reason to do so . A break can get away and any chase attempts may be shut down . No amount of physiology will get you out of that situation to win a race .
Rowing is tactically very different than cycling but possesses similar elements . There are some crafty rowers who know how to position themselves properly ( there 's no drafting ) which distracts the competition or makes them second guess themselves . There are many rowers who may not possess the greatest physiological capabilities but know how to race very well .
Weight
As a sidenote , I found it interesting to talk to Drew Ginn about their weight during their time in cycling and rowing . They got down to 77kg when they were training specifically for cycling in 2010 . If you know how large Drew is you 'll know how lean they would have been . Drew tells me that he 's now at their heaviest at 93.5kgs while training for the Olypics ( with the same skinfold measurements ) . He 's regained muscle in their upper body and a little around legs and glutes . Their upper body weight-gain has n't been deliberate through gym work . It 's simply from re-engaging with sport of rowing and doing the hand to foot coordination exercises which has made their body fill-out . Now they look like a real person and not a walking skeleton like they did when they were a cyclist !
A special thank you to Drew Ginn for answering all my questions and helping me write this post and wish them all the best for the 2012 London Olympics ! I highly recommend you follow their progress and insights on their blog .
Photo by Jim via Flickr
Sixty years removed from the advent of the American Civil Rights Movement , and racism is still alive in the aisles of our grocery stores .
From butter to syrup and porridge , rice , ice cream or waffles , bigotry in food products has stirred international debates for decades . But now , just two weeks after the US Patent and Trademark Office revoked the trademark of the NFL 's Washington Redskins , many popular items commonly found on the shelves of the nation 's supermarkets could soon come under identical scrutiny for their disparaging portrayals of minorities .
Purchasing a bottle of Aunt Jemima , of course , does n't make you akin to a full-fledged Klan member . Yet continued support and proliferation of derogatory branding and images requires further inspection into the pervasive prejudices that continue to permeate culinary advertising .
Dating back to 1893 , Aunt Jemima , owned by the Quaker Oats Company , is just one of a handful of grocery store staples at the epicenter that is the ignorance of food manufacturers . With its original logo—a caricatured image of former slave , Nancy Green , the brand 's first spokesperson—now replaced by a more harmonious version of an African-American matron , Aunt Jemima has caused uneasiness for over a century . Besides the fact that it 's propagating negative connotations about black America , Aunt Jemima is an inferior product to natural maple syrup , made from high fructose corn syrup , caramel color , sorbic acid , and artificial flavors : all the garbage found in soda that leads many to diabetes and obesity .
Above all else , the product 's direct reference of plantation life , complete with not-so-hidden undertones of slavery , makes it the worst offender of food racism .
Aunt Jemima is not alone in the dated and ignorant portrayal of African Americans ; Uncle Ben 's , owned by Mars , Inc. , was the nation 's top selling rice brand for nearly 40 years until the '90s ( it eventually lost its dominant market share to Rice-A-Roni and a bevy of Asian importers ) , and Cream of Wheat , now manufactured by B & G Foods , has been pushing its racially insensitive , gluten-free agenda since the late nineteenth century . Both products feature images of subservient , elderly black men on their packaging .
The obvious argument for the continued tolerance of these products is their legacy ; why should we change our purchasing habits and boycott items that have been around since before World War II ? But acceptance of these racially infused relics has proven detrimental towards improving grocery equality ; even as recently as 2008 , when Mark Whitlock and Bob DeMoss manufactured and sold Obama Waffles , complete with packaging depicting an offensive caricature of the 44th President of the United States .
President Obama has proven to be popular fodder for racist food manufacturers , both in the United States and abroad , like Taipei , where Taiwan 's Lariat Partners Ltd. marketed Obama Coffee under its One Fresh Cup brand , along with Mandela and Pele flavors , each featuring various degrees of dark roast coffee varietals . There was also the short-lived Duet ice cream , a Russian dessert bar that was black on the outside with a white inner layer , featuring a cartoon image of Obama in front of the White House .
Russia , while not as blatant an offender as the US during the Atlantic slave trade that sent an estimated 12 million shackled Africans across the ocean to the new world , does have its own checkered past of collective farms , kolkhozniks , and indentured servitude . Nations like Australia and Germany also own long rap sheets of hate and bigotry , still present in the racially tinged goods that line grocery shelves .
In Australia , for example , Coon Cheese is not only readily available nationwide , but the product 's namesake is a registered trademark , owned by National Foods . Formerly manufactured by Kraft , the brand , which is reportedly named after its American creator Edward William Coon , has long been at the center of racial controversy in Australia . And , in 2008 activist Stephen Hagan challenged the validity of Coon 's namesake , unsuccessfully , in an attempt to banish the brand name .
Italian chocolate manufacturer Ferrero found themselves in hot water with the German focused marketing of its Küsschen , or little kisses , using the slogan `` yes weiss can , '' German for `` yes white can '' to promote the product . Did they learn nothing from the Aryan horrors of the Third Reich ?
African-Americans are certainly not the only racial minority feeling the brunt of inappropriate images in food . Eskimo Pie , a chocolate-covered vanilla ice cream bar originally manufactured in New Zealand , now sold by Nestle , has faced scrutiny for its ignorant portrayal of the Inuit , the indigenous people of the Arctic . Referenced in film , television , music , and popular culture , Eskimo Pie made headlines in 2009 , when Canadian Seeka Lee Veevee Parsons made a public stand against the brands use of racial epithets .
Still , despite these blatant jabs at minorities , food manufacturers continue to produce and sell racist products , facing minimal pushback from consumers who buy en masse . Playful bigotry is being directly supported one purchase at a time , but after the US Patent and Trademark Office ruling against the Washington Redskins , similar legislature against ignorant branding may impact the future of racial sensitivity in the grocery store .
And how about Arden Hills , Minnesota butter , spread , and cheese manufacturer Land O'Lakes ? Why has this 93-year-old , billion-dollar enterprise never come under similar fire as the Redskins for their branding , which features a young Native American woman wearing what the artist considered `` authentic '' garb , kneeling as they present a package of butter ? It 's not as if , in 2014 , Native Americans are still roaming the streets in headdresses , feathers , and breechcloths .
Perhaps it 's that dairy products are not as sexy a defendant as an NFL team , or that the name is considered more vile than the derogatory image ? But more likely it is because the Land O'Lakes butter `` maiden '' was the creation of artist Patrick DesJarlait , a member of the Red Lake Ojibwe tribe , who gave the company logo a facelift in the 1950s . Like many other racist charges , it is considered OK for members of a particular minority to loosely use slurs and images , but when a 77-year-old football franchise , owned in majority by a Jewish American , is at the center of controversy , government intervention is required .
Land O'Lakes does , in fact , push the very same stereotype as the NFL 's Washington D.C.-based club , and should be held accountable to identical infractions . Somehow , no penalties have been levied .
With the official line on racism in food yet to be drawn , it 's time for consumers to vote with their wallets and stop the proliferation of bigoted images in branding and packaging . And while the purchase of Land O'Lakes , Aunt Jemima , or Coon Cheese does not necessarily equate to an admission of racism , the US Patent and Trademark Office and similar government agencies worldwide have already set a very striking precedent and similar regulation in the supermarket could soon follow suit .
