Japan and the United Kingdom have agreed to explore options to jointly develop a new fighter aircraft .
Japan 's Acquisition , Technology , and Logistics Agency and the United Kingdom 's Ministry of Defense have concluded an agreement to explore options for co-developing an advanced fighter jet , according to a March 16 press release by the Japanese Ministry of Defense .
The agreement stipulates that both countries will exchange information about advanced aviation technology and also conduct a joint study on the feasibility of co-developing a new fighter aircraft in the coming years .
The press release further notes that Japan will continue to explore fighter jet co-development options with other countries . “ Regarding the possibility of international joint development on fighter aircraft in the future , we will continue to exchange views with other countries , ” the MoD statement reads .
While the next-generation fighter jet project would be the biggest Japan-UK collaboration on sensitive defense technology so far , both countries are also a working on jointly developing a new ramjet-powered , beyond a visual range air-to-air missile .
During a January 2016 visit , the UK defense minister and their Japanese counterpart agreed to move discussions on the project to the next stage . The aim of the project is to integrate Japanese seeker technologies into the European Meteor Beyond Visual Range Air-to-Air Missile .
In October 2016 , the UK Royal Air Force ( RAF ) and the Japan Air Self-Defense Force ( JASDF ) also held their first-ever joint aerial combat drill , dubbed Guardian North 16 , in Japan . The exercise involved four RAF Eurofighter Typhoon fighter jets , JASDF Boeing F-15J all-weather air superiority fighters and Mitsubishi F-2s .
The Eurofighter consortium , which includes the United Kingdom , unsuccessfully tried to pitch the Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft to Japan in 2011 . The JASDF , however , opted for the U.S.-made F-35A Lightning II stealth fighter jet instead . Japan placed an order for 42 F-35 through the U.S. Foreign Military Sales Program in 2011 . The first aircraft was handed over to the JASDF in December 2016 .
Nevertheless , the F-35 order is an interim solution and Japan is slated to procure up to 100 new fifth-generation air superiority fighters by the 2030s . An estimated $ 40 billion contract is expected to be awarded in the summer of 2018 ( See : “ Japan 's Air Force to Receive 100 New Stealth Fighter Jets ” ) .
As I explained in July 2016 , Japan has three options for procuring for the new aircraft : “ First , develop an indigenous air superiority fighter . Second , partner with a foreign defense contractor and license-produce a new aircraft . Third , import or upgrade an existing platform. ” The UK-Japan joint study falls into the second option of partnering with a foreign aircraft maker .
However , U.S. aircraft makers will remain Japan 's top choice for any future fighter jet co-development projects . Last year , Japan unveiled an experimental fifth-generation fighter technology demonstrator , dubbed X-2 “ Shinshin ” ( formerly the ATD-X ) , which will be the basis for the JASDF 's so-called ( F-3 ) Future Fighter Program . As I reported last year , U.S. defense contractor Lockheed-Martin is purportedly already involved with the project in some capacity .
In Bruce Norris 's Clybourne Park ( opening April 19 at the Walter Kerr Theater ) , the set tells the story of an extreme socioeconomic shift in one Chicago neighborhood . Act One , set in 1959 , shows a cozy , middle-class house whose owners are moving out ( making way for the Youngers , the black family from A Raisin in the Sun ) . Come 2009 , in Act Two , the house reflects a neighborhood gone to seed and ready for the gentrifying white couple that wants to buy it and tear it down . It needs to feel like the exact same house , only completely trashed , 50 years later ,  says Daniel Ostling , the play 's scenic designer . How does it work ? Over the fifteen-minute intermission , the set 's basic structure ( plaster , woodwork , floor ) is all that remains unchanged , as two carpenters , one flyman , three people on props , one sound person , one electrician , and an assistant stage manager dive in and transform the rest .
1 . The Entrance
This chunk of the setdoor and windows , mostlyis the only one that 's hauled up into the flyspace and entirely replaced . The bench stays on the stage and is removed separately .
2 . The Floor
There 's no time to replace most of the floor during intermission , so the scuffs and other signs of distress are cleverly masked during the first act by rugs , furniture , and moving boxes .
3 . The Kitchen
The swinging door separating the kitchen from the living and dining area is lifted off its hinges and removed , and the tile floorpainted on three Masonite panelsis pulled up by hand to reveal beat-up wood .
4 . The Light Fixtures
A stagehand unscrews the two wall sconces and pulls out some wires ( the sconces are n't lit , so there 's no power to shut off ) . The new ceiling light hangs off-kilter and has broken bulb coverings ; it 's clipped to the bottom of the old one , which is then hoisted upward so it 's hidden .
5 . The Staircase
A fifteen-foot-wide staircase unit is unanchored and rolled off , the landing acting as a dolly to remove props and furniture . The replacement arrives , also transporting props . The L-shaped wallpaper section at the foot of the stairs is spun around to reveal graffiti .
6 . The Wallpaper
Unable to find a pattern they liked for the 1959 set , Ostling digitally created floral wallpaper and had it printed . The 2009 set has two clashing papers , both reproductions of seventies wallpaper that 's been aged and slathered with graffiti . The triangular wallpaper section on the staircase is held in place by magnets , so it can be peeled off in a moment .
7 . The Fireplace
It 's the first thing that stagehands roll away , opening up the set so furniture can be cleared quickly . The attached bookcase goes with it ; then the stained-glass window and frame are popped out and replaced .
8 . The Props
The final step adds atmosphere , as working-class fifties furnishingsa chafing dish , an AM radio , the mantelpiece clockdisappear and are replaced with discarded McDonald 's bags and condom wrappers . The dilapidation was inspired by the bungalow in Chicago that Ostling 's assistant bought and began to renovate in 2010 .
Budget watchdog warns country is in worse shape to withstand recession than on the eve of 2007 financial crash
Britain 's public finances are in worse shape to withstand a recession than they were on the eve of the 2007 financial crash a decade ago and face the twin threat of a fresh downturn and Brexit , the Treasury 's independent forecaster has warned .
The Office for Budget Responsibility – the UK 's fiscal watchdog – said another recession was inevitable at some point and that Theresa May 's failure to win a parliamentary majority in last month 's election left the public finances more vulnerable to being blown off course than they were in 2007 .
In its first in-depth analysis of the fiscal risks facing Britain , the OBR said its main message was clear : “ Governments should expect nasty fiscal surprises from time to time – because policy can only reduce risks , not eliminate them – and plan accordingly .
Business Today : sign up for a morning shot of financial news Read more
“ And they have to do so in the context of ongoing pressures that are likely to weigh on receipts and drive up spending and a variety of risks that governments choose to expose themselves to for policy reasons . This is true for any government , but this one also has to manage the uncertainties posed by Brexit , which could influence the likelihood or impact of other risks . ”
The OBR said the size of the UK 's Brexit divorce bill – currently a matter of dispute between London and Brussels – would have little impact on the public finances . But it noted that even a small fall in Britain 's underlying growth rate after departure from the EU would lead to a big increase in the country 's debt burden .
If a knock to trade with the rest of Europe caused productivity to slip by just 0.1 percentage points over the next 50 years , tax receipts would be £36bn lower . With spending growth left unchanged , the debt-to-GDP ratio would end up around 50 percentage points higher , the OBR added .
The campaign group Open Britain said the OBR 's report showed “ a hard Brexit poses a real threat to our economy . People voted for £350m a week for the NHS , not a £36bn black hole in the public finances that could mean severe cuts to the NHS ” .
The shadow chancellor , John McDonnell , said years of austerity and the decision to gamble on a general election victory had left Britain in a weaker position going into the Brexit talks . “ The Tories want to blame Brexit for their failures on the economy . But what this report really reveals is that one of the biggest risks to our economy is Theresa May 's weak government and the last seven years of economic failure , ” they said .
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson Vince Cable warned that the underlying weakness of government tax receipts and a “ reckless approach to Brexit ” were a toxic recipe likely to damage the economy . “ Even a small deterioration in growth could mean billions of pounds less funding for our public services in the long term , ” they said .
The Tories have failed to fix the roof – and now rainclouds are looming | Larry Elliott Read more
The OBR noted that Brexit was not the only threat to the government 's aim of eliminating the UK 's budget deficit . It said a hung parliament and “ austerity fatigue ” , alongside longer-term developments such as a rapidly ageing population , were also factors putting upward pressure on the deficit .
The almost inevitable likelihood of a recession in the years ahead , along with higher interest rates and inflation , also posed significant risks to the public finances , threatening to put them on an “ unsustainable path ” .
Robert Chote , the OBR 's chairperson , explained that government could be landed with a higher interest bill on its debt mountain after selling billions of pounds worth of bonds with an interest rate linked to the retail prices index . A rise in inflation would add billions of pounds to the cost of financing the UK 's debts , they said .
The warning comes as the chancellor , Phillip Hammond , prepares the ground for their autumn budget , which they have already said should stick to current plans to bring down the deficit by the mid-2020s .
Ministers are known to have begun lobbying for more funds to give additional support to creaking services and offset the most painful cuts in welfare spending . The deficit is due to rise from 2.4 % last year to 2.9 % this year following a deterioration in the economic outlook and could go higher if pressure on the Treasury to open the spending taps is successful .
The OBR said : “ Ongoing challenges must be faced while negotiating Brexit and in an environment of ‘ austerity fatigue ' . [ The government ] also faces them from a starting fiscal position that is more vulnerable than that which prevailed on the eve of the crisis 10 years ago . ”
Hammond described the report as a “ sober analysis ” and a “ stark reminder of why we must deliver on our commitment to deal with our country 's debts ” . They added : “ The Labour party would ignore these warning signs from the OBR , adding to the bill that our younger generation will have to pay . ”
To judge the sensitivity of the public finances to shocks , the OBR replicated the Bank of England 's stress tests earlier this year on high street banks , which checked their finances were sound and they were holding sufficient reserves to guard against nasty shocks .
A stress test of the government 's plans to manage the public finances revealed that the annual deficit could rocket back to 8.1 % and the debt to GDP ratio could match Italy 's at 114 % . The annual deficit for the last financial year was 2.6 % of GDP – the lowest since 2007-08 – and the debt-to-GDP ratio is 85 % .
Compared with the OBR 's forecast in March , the risks add £66.2bn to the deficit in 2017-18 , rising to £158.5bn higher by 2021-22 . It said that extra spending by the government would account for almost all the shortfall .
A series of measures dropped from the recent finance bill also played a part , the OBR said . The government scrapped 17 measures that were designed to yield £3.5bn for the Treasury . “ It is no longer clear when they will return to parliament to be legislated , ” it said .
Bryan Fuller wants to work their ‘ favourite Doctor ' David Tennant ( Picture : Getty Images )
Hannibal creator Bryan Fuller has said they would love to cast former Doctor Who star David Tennant on the show .
Tennant auditioned for the role of Hannibal Lecter on the drama , which eventually went to Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen .
However Fuller said he 's not going to let that stop them from working with David in any capacity .
‘ I 'm a huge fan of David Tennant , and we 've been trying to get them on the show for quite some time ' they said .
‘ He 's such a spectacular actor . They bring such an effervescence to every performance .
‘ I would love to have David on the show . Or just write for David ! I would kill and eat somebody to work with David ! He 's my favourite Doctor . '
Fannibals ( the collective name for the Hannibal fanbase ) are looking forward to the third season hitting our screens , but it might be a slightly different show than they 're used to .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Fuller revealed that the show will be moving on from its crime drama roots for the next installment .
They told Metro Online : ‘ The interesting thing about season 3 is that we are heading away from the crime procedural aspect of the story-telling , and it is very much a soap opera for the first half .
Hannibal showrunner Bryan Fuller says the first half of the new season will be ‘ like a soap opera ' ( Picture : Getty Images )
‘ There are some creative deaths but it 's much more about our regular characters as opposed to a killer of the week coming in and creating these fantastic death tableau .
‘ We 're really focusing on the relationships between these characters and the fallout from season 2 for the survivors who made it through the “ Red Dinner ” .
‘ There 's a slight evolution of the series in that way . The first half of the season I 'm really excited about because it 's more like an intense psychological thriller .
‘ I 'm excited about the rematch between Hannibal and Jack Crawford . '
Viewers will also get a look into Hannibal 's mysterious past – which should make for some rather gripping viewing .
‘ We are absolutely delving into their history ' said Fuller , ‘ not as many flashbacks as much as it is finding present day survivors from that era of their life and understanding , with greater detail , about Hannibal and their modes of human interaction .
We 'll be meeting people from Hannibal 's past in season 3 ( Picture : NBC )
‘ I would be very nervous about casting child actors to portray such iconic characters because it 's always a gamble . For me , I kind of do n't want to imagine anybody else in this incarnation than Mads Mikkelsen . '
Advertisement
Advertisement
Could n't agree more .
Hannibal : Season Two is released on DVD and Blu-ray from 22nd September .
Share Facebook
Twitter
Stumbleupon
Pinterest
The backsplash in the kitchen is what ties the bottom half and the top half of the room together to give it a cohesive look . The space above the counter and below the cabinets is the middle of the room 's vertical space and the eye sees it as a dividing line . The eye is naturally drawn to the location so it 's a perfect spot to use to place your kitchen 's WOW factor . The spot is not called a ‘ backsplash ' for no reason , the vertical area will receive a lot of splashes from everyday food preparation , so it needs to be covered with not only material that looks good , but that is also easy to clean . Kitchen wall tiles are the perfect backsplash material , it 's versatile , colorful and durable . Check out these 20 stylish backsplash tile ideas to be inspired to create your own dream kitchen . You may also like to see diy backsplash projects .
Marble Subway Tile
Perfect for tying three or more colors together in the kitchen . Multi-hued marble subway tiles can be stacked in a random pattern to connect the bottom room colors with the top cabinets and wall colors .
Stone Tiles with Medallions
Start with a neutral color tile backsplash , then randomly place colorful in-lays and medallions to create a one-of-kind kitchen tile design .
Textured Tile
Use this kitchen backsplash idea to create a unique look with tile texture instead of color . Varying tile designs , all in the same color .
River Rock
Small , smooth river stones give the kitchen a modern rustic look that works well with wood cabinets .
Work of Art
Kitchen backsplash tile can become a work of art for the room when you use this unique design idea .
Elegant Stone Look
Your kitchen backsplash design can take on the look of natural stone with this idea .
Modern and Colorful
Use modern and colorful subways tiles to add a punch of color to your kitchen with this backsplash idea for kitchen .
Architectural Design
Use this architectural design idea for a backsplash design idea for kitchen . Colorful , interesting and functional .
Vibrant Print
Use this kitchen tile idea to bring interesting color patterns into your kitchen . Paired a vibrant print tile with modern white cabinets for a bold and beautiful room your family will love spending time in .
I Ca n't Believe That 's Tile
That 's what everyone will be saying if you use these unique tiles to create a fun and colorful pattern on your kitchen wall .
Ocean Inspired
The color and pattern of these backsplash tiles will give your kitchen the look and feel of an ocean-side villa .
Mad for Plaid
If you love plaid , then you 'll love these delightful backsplash tiles . A vertical plaid pattern ties the black and gray kitchen colors together , then adds just a hint of yellow to the mix for a pop of color .
Island Match
Try this design idea that uses the same marble for the kitchen island and for the backsplash .
Jaw Dropping Design
Use small tiles to create your own unique jaw-dropping backsplash like the one pictured here .
Penny Tiles
Penny tiles in varying shades of color can be used to create a lovely mosaic backsplash pattern .
Glass Tiles
Use glass tiles to reflect light in the kitchen and make it seem larger . Colorful glass tiles set in your own pattern choice are functional and beautiful .
Stylish and Modern
This stylish glass tile backsplash reflects light and makes a small kitchen look bigger .
Modern and Sleek
Use this backsplash design idea to create a modern and sleek design look for your kitchen .
Reflective Backsplash
Modern style with reflection . Pair this reflective and textured backsplash tile with mirror-backed open cabinets for a bright kitchen space .
Dimensional Tile
Add another architectural element to your kitchen by using these dimensional tiles . Tile pattern can be placed vertically or horizontally .
The controversial Sirius building on the edge of the Rocks is a step closer to demolition after the NSW government again declined to grant the brutalist former social-housing block heritage status and protection from redevelopment .
NSW Environment Minister Gabrielle Upton announced on Wednesday that they had declined to grant the heritage status , moving a proposal to demolish and redevelop it into a $ 120-million apartment redevelopment to completion .
`` My role is to decide whether the building has aesthetic value and , if so , whether that value is such as to satisfy [ heritage value ] at a state level , '' Ms Upton wrote in a decision published on Wednesday . `` While the Sirius building is distinctive , in my view , it is not a landmark worthy of state heritage protection . ''
The announcement comes after a previous decision by Ms Upton 's predecessor not to list the building was overturned in the Land and Environment Court in July , after the state government was found to have `` side-stepped '' its obligation to consider the building 's heritage value and misapplied the law .
Expand Ordukhan Teymurkhan talking at a rally in Cologne , Germany , under the slogan `` Freedom to Political Prisoners in Azerbaijan . '' 18 February 2017 . © 2017 Meydan TV
On February 18 , Ordukhan Teymurkhan , a 46-year-old Azerbaijani activist living in exile in The Netherlands , got a call from Baku , Azerbaijan 's capital . They assumed it was one of their relatives or a friend calling to check on him . Instead , it was a police officer : Officials had detained 12 of Teymurkhan 's relatives , including a 2-year-old niece .
Teymurkhan , a video blogger and social media activist , recorded the call , which included a police officer blaming them for the situation their relatives were in . The officer then handed the phone to Teymurkhan 's sister . They can be heard on the recording crying desperately and begging Teymurkhan to stop criticizing the government so that the authorities would release them and the others . Teymurkhan refused to back down , called the officials out on their illegal acts , and went public about the threats .
A day later , the authorities released most of Teymurkhan 's relatives , but a court ordered their elder brother Khanlar Dadashov and their nephew Sabuhi Zeynalov to serve 30 days ' detention for allegedly disobeying police orders .
The day Teymurkhan received the call , they had participated in a protest in Cologne , Germany . They chanted slogans urging the Azerbaijani government to release unjustly imprisoned activists and fight corruption in the country . They were doing so in defiance of past threats and harassment of their relatives back in Baku .
Police have regularly questioned Teymurkhan 's relatives , subjected them to surveillance , and threatened them with criminal charges unless Teymukhan stopped their activism abroad . In late January , a group of their relatives publicly disowned them to avoid retaliation by authorities for their vocal criticism . But this was not enough to protect them .
Teymurkhan 's case is not an exception . Following the Azerbaijani government 's vicious crackdown on critics and dissenting voices , many activists found refuge in foreign countries and often continued their vocal activism in exile . Human Rights Watch has documented how Azerbaijani authorities harassed , arbitrarily arrested , and prosecuted activists ' family members with the apparent aim of compelling activists to stop their work .
Azerbaijani authorities should immediately end this collective punishment of activists ' family members , and Azerbaijan 's international partners should publicly condemn such actions .
How to watch football like an expert ? Never try to analyse a game from the team you support live . You get too caught up in the fun and drama of football to actually see the game properly . If you want to analyse the team you support , I 'd recommend watching the game in peace/as a fan , then get a replay of the 90 minutes to actually watch the game . You get the best of both worlds then ; I do n't ever want to watch a City game ( Author is a City fan ) and be looking for invited pressing opportunities , I want to have a beer with some mates , have a sing song and watch the game .
Be aware of the opposition . In fact , to get a really good picture , go and watch their last couple of games and concentrate entirely on them . You need to know why your team have chosen the decisions that they have .
If you are just starting analyzing games properly , I 'd recommend the stop-start technique . Essentially , you stop the video every ten seconds or so and try to understand what player is where , what runs are being made and think about why , etc . This will allow you to see the game at a much slower pace than it was played . Footballers have been working on decision making speed since birth and are experts in it . Ferguson in particularly runs problem-solving drills near constantly and sees this as fundamental to their style of football . United 's players are not the technically the best players in the world , I think we all accept this . The reason they are consistently at the top is not because Ferguson is some magical wizard ; it 's because they train their players to not only make decisions quicker than everybody else but to make the correct ones more often . Decision making is the root of Premier League football and the team that gets more of those split second decisions wrong will generally lose the game .
This is why numerous observed events happen ; why goals are scored late in games more often after people 's concentration levels are low and their anxiety is high , effecting their ability to make decisions . Do n't ever forget that footballers are people and undergo the same psychological stress responses as the rest of us . It 's also why significantly worse teams can beat the best . It 's also why long ball football is successful ( it requires a smaller amount of decisions but applied more often ) .
In fact , I should probably talk about analysis better . It 's a huge subject , akin to peeling an onion . Hopefully the following will go down a few layers but I can tell you that to go down to all layers would require thousands of pages . Football is a science , the one big thing that annoys me here is the simplistic view that people have about football . It 's so much deeper than people realize by watching it .
How to watch football
A couple of basics :
Football is a game of phases . Traditionally , we say three phases ; the attacking phase , the defensive phase and the transitional phase . As you might imagine , it goes :
Defensive Transitional Attacking
There 's also possession-al phases that differ from both attacking , defending and transitional but another thing to ignore for the time being . Think of those three as the chapter headings in a book , of which there 's sub-headings breaking them into more detail .
Just to say , absolute formation does not exist ; it 's a myth . There 's no such thing as playing 4-4-2 or 4-2-3-1 . Every team has at least an attacking shape and a defensive shape . Some teams are more complex and have a shape for certain attacking phases , certain possession phases and certain defensive phases but for now we 'll ignore that . Nobody plays 3 at the back . That 's fucking stupid , you have 10 outfield players , why would you put 3 in defence ? 3 at the back really means 3 in a transitional phase , 2 in an attacking phase , 5 in a defensive phase . All formations are the same .
Your first job is to determine the attacking and defensive shapes of both your team and your opponent . Just for the sake of brevity , I 'm going to call your opponent Norwich but it applies to everybody equally .
When Norwich have the ball in an attacking phase ( and United ( Imagine you are a United supporter ) out of possession in a defensive phase ) , where are the players on the pitch ? Stop and count . Now do the opposite for when United are in attacking phases and Norwich defending .
I 'd recommend now that you pause the video , have a brew maybe and think through their respective shapes . The things you are looking for is :
Who are the hybrid players ? ( Players that are in one position in defensive phases but different ones in attacking phases and vice versa , at United I mean your fullbacks , your striker dropping off , your centre mid , etc ) . Hybrid players are a potential target in a transitional phase .
Where do natural overloads occur ? An overload is where there are more players from one team in one area than another . An example might be Neville overlapping Beckham creating an overload in the opponent 's left back area . Another could be Giggs helping Rafael to close down Ronaldo thus creating an overload in their left wing slot . Any time somebody has more players in one area , it 's an overload .
An overload will also include a time when a player is in space of a position thus there 's 1 player there to the opponent 's 0 .
You can be pretty confident after this that you 've got a high level view of the game . Of course , you need to relook at this every few minutes and see who has moved to where and think about how this fits into the overall picture .
In analysing the shapes , you should also see exactly how many players are involved in each phase of play . Do n't be fooled here though ; even players not immediately involved in one phase might have their own job to perform . Here I 'm talking about things like Carrick “ making themselves the easy option ” ( forming the back shape ) or “ guarding the midfield ” ( preventative positioning ) . Just because they are n't bombing forward does not mean that they do n't have a crucial role in an attacking phase and vice versa . Perhaps a spoiler but everybody apart from the CBs and the GK are involved in United 's attacking phase whilst all 11 are involved in the defensive phase including the forwards .
About 13 years ago , when Iraq was liberated from Saddam Hussein and after more than a decade of heavy sanctions , a miracle of the Iraqi economy was revealed . How did its people keep going for so many years without so many products and spare parts for cars ? How did they go on with stingily rationed electricity and generators that harked back to World War I ?
“ Nothing here goes to waste , ” a garage owner in Baghdad told me . “ Take a walk through the streets and you wo n't find a crooked nail or a piece of rusty wire . Everything gets recycled . We use everything , ” they said , their pride undisguised .
To demonstrate what they were saying , they raised the hood of an antique American car and pointed out the parts as if they were teaching mechanics . “ The carburetor is from a Ford , the clutch is from a Fiat , the tires are from four different cars , the handbrake cable is made out of iron wire for the construction industry , one fender has been cut and soldered and was originally a tin sheet from a chicken coop , ” they said . “ We 've become wizards in this country . ”
Syrians have also mastered this wizardry in recent years . I 've seen a report on a new method for producing diesel fuel from old plastic bags and containers . These are boiled for 12 hours , filtered and distilled – and in the end a fluid resembling diesel fuel is used to propel cars and tractors as well as fire up cooking stoves . The stoves , meanwhile , are made out of scrap metal ; all you have to do is get hold of some flour to bake pita bread for the family .
At a hospital in Aleppo the production of electricity is more sophisticated and relies on solar panels donated by an aid NGO – which can provide electricity for an entire wing of the hospital .
Iranian business people abound
Petroleum and petroleum products have become very rare and expensive in Syria . Until February , Iran was delivering about 2 million barrels of oil to Syria every month , paid for by a $ 3 billion credit line from Tehran . But these deliveries were halted at the beginning of March . Syria said the reason was technical – a malfunction in the pipeline in Iran that would be repaired in the near future .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
“ The near future ” lasted more than three months and the real reason emerged , insofar as one can trust reports in Syria : a dispute between Damascus and Tehran over investments in the Latakia area in northwest Syria . Tehran and Iranian business people are not confining themselves to military aid to Syria and the dispatching of forces to put down opponents of the regime . They 're also deeply engaged in business and investments in Syria , in changing the demographics of neighborhoods and towns , and in buying up real estate that 's cheap and very available .
Damascus has granted Iranians many incentives for purchasing properties in Syria , and in the past three years special laws have been passed that let Iranians circumvent the cumbersome Syrian bureaucracy and transfer into their names land in areas controlled by the regime . For the most part the purchases are made through Syrian nonprofit and aid groups , which also receive Iranian government guarantees that the payments for the acquisitions will be made .
In tandem with the legal measures , the Iranian forces are taking over entire neighborhoods in the major cities like Homs and Aleppo . Some of the cities that the Iranians control have been totally destroyed , and in others they 're forcing property owners to sell . They 're expelling business owners and taking on the completion of government construction projects that had been suspended because of the war .
According to reports on opposition websites , the Iranian government has granted huge sums , estimated in the billions of dollars , to Shi'ite business people from Kuwait , Bahrain , Iraq and Iran to buy land and buildings in Syrian cities to settle Shi'ite citizens of those countries there . Syria reportedly has granted citizenship to some 200,000 Shi'ites from those countries so they can settle in Syria legally and increase the percentage of Shi'ites in the country .
The ISIS angle
This is thus considered a long-term investment whose aim is not only economic but also political and demographic . Not only Iran but also the Iraqi government has granted about $ 20 million in recent months to top-echelon Syrians – sometimes at Iran 's demand – with the aim of strengthening loyalty to Iran .
This collaboration apparently went awry in the coastal area of Latakia and Tartus amid a disagreement between local business people close to the Assad regime and Iranian officials . The details of the disagreement are not entirely clear , but they led to the “ punishment ” of Syria and the cessation of the oil deliveries , which have only just recently been renewed .
To offset its energy deficit , Syria , whose oil production has plummeted this year to 2,300 barrels a day , used to buy petroleum from oil fields where the Islamic State is now in control . But with the stepping up of the war on ISIS and the direct hits on the drilling rigs in the area of Raqqa and Deir el-Zour , the supply from this source has shrunk and Damascus has had to drastically reduce the hours of electricity supply – not only in the provincial areas under its control but also in Damascus .
Now the Syrian regime is hoping that after its occupation of Raqqa , and some time soon the toppling of Islamic State control in the Dir el-Zour area , it will retake its oil fields . But the Syrian Kurds , who are shedding a lot of blood in the war on ISIS , might have claims on those fields .
Still , even if the dispute over control of the oil fields is resolved , it will be a while until the drilling rigs are repaired and able to return to previous production levels . Until then , the Syrians will apparently continue to hoard plastic bags for producing diesel fuel .
The head of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent union says that they have no confidence that the Obama administration would step up its border control efforts as part of any immigration reform agreement .
Chris Crane , ICE officer and National ICE Council president representing 7,000 ICE agents , officers , and employees , expressed concern in a statement issued Friday that the “ the immigration bill being crafted behind closed doors ” by the bipartisan “ gang of eight ” senators “ will be rushed to passage without proper public consideration and proper input from the law enforcement community . ”
According to Crane , while big businesses and advocacy groups have been given a seat at the table by the White House and at “ other secret meetings , ” the ICE union has been left out of the conversation .
They added that ICE 's “ politically appointed leaders ” — Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and ICE Director John Morton — “ do not speak for us when it comes to enforcing the law ” and that the pair have “ repeatedly undermined the ability of our officers to enforce and protect the public safety . ”
“ A mass legalization , or amnesty , of millions of illegal aliens , combined with an increase in future immigration , will have profound consequences for every law enforcement officer in the country and especially those who enforce our nation 's immigration laws , ” Crane said . “ But we have been shut out of the process . ”
“ [ G ] iven the administration 's current enforcement record , I have zero confidence any promises of future enforcement will be fulfilled , ” they added .
Crane went on to express gratitude to the six GOP committee members who petitioned Leahy last week for a “ fair and open process . ”
The letter to Leahy — sent on March 19 by Sens . Chuck Grassley , Jeff Sessions , Orrin Hatch , Mike Lee , John Cornyn and Ted Cruz — called on the judiciary committee chairperson to schedule hearings on the forthcoming immigration bill .
“ We respectfully request that the public be given adequate time , consistent with past practice in handling complex comprehensive immigration legislation , to read and analyze the contents of any such bill ” the letter read in part .
Follow Caroline on Twitter
( Reuters ) - Children exposed to tobacco smoke at home are up to three times more likely to have attention deficit hyperactive disorder ( ADHD ) as unexposed kids , according to a new study from Spain .
The association was stronger for kids with one or more hours of secondhand smoke exposure every day , the authors found . And the results held when researchers accounted for parents ' mental health and other factors .
“ We showed a significant and substantial dose–response association between ( secondhand smoke ) exposure in the home and a higher frequency of global mental problems , ” the authors write in Tobacco Control .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , two of every five children in the US are exposed to secondhand smoke regularly .
Alicia Padron of the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine in Florida and colleagues in Spain analyzed data from the 2011 to 2012 Spanish National Health Interview Survey , in which parents of 2,357 children ages four to 12 reported the amount of time their children were exposed to secondhand smoke every day .
The parents also filled out questionnaires designed to evaluate their children 's mental health . According to the results , about eight percent of the kids had a probable mental disorder .
About seven percent of the kids were exposed to secondhand smoke for less than one hour per day , and 4.5 percent were exposed for an hour or more each day .
After taking the parent 's mental health , family structure and socioeconomic status into consideration , children who were exposed to secondhand smoke for less than one hour per day were 50 percent more likely to have some mental disorder compared to kids not exposed at all .
And children who were habitually exposed to secondhand smoke for an hour or more each day were close to three times more likely to have a mental disorder .
In addition , kids exposed less than one hour per day were twice as likely to have ADHD as kids who were n't exposed , and children exposed for an hour or more on a daily basis were over three times more likely to have ADHD .
“ The association between secondhand smoke and global mental problems was mostly due to the impact of secondhand smoke on the attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder , ” the authors write .
The study looks at a single point in time and can not prove that secondhand smoke exposure causes mental health problems , the study team cautions .
Frank Bandiera , a researcher with the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston who was not involved in the study , liked that the researchers “ controlled for parents ' mental health in the new study because that could be a confounder . ”
But , they added , the study might be limited because , although the questionnaires are thought to be valid , the mental disorders were not actually diagnosed by physicians .
“ We 're not sure if it 's causal or not , ” Bandiera told Reuters Health . “ I think ( the research ) is still in the early stages and the findings are inconclusive . ”
But , they said , since secondhand hand smoke has been related to a lot of physical diseases , parents should avoid smoking around their kids .
“ We need to sort it out more , so we 're not sure yet , but just as a precaution , I do n't think parents should smoke at home - they should keep their kids away from secondhand smoke , ” Bandiera said .
Lucy Popova , from the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at the University of California , San Francisco , said there is a lot of evidence about the harms of secondhand smoke on physical wellbeing .
“ But research on effects of secondhand smoke on mental health have been really just emerging and this study really contributes to this growing body of evidence that exposure to secondhand smoke in children might be responsible for cognitive and behavioral problems , ” they said .
Popova , who was n't involved in the study , said no amount of secondhand smoke is safe – any exposure is bad .
“ So parents should not expose their children – the best thing to do is quit , ” they said . “ And this will not only not expose their children to the secondhand smoke , but will also let them enjoy their life with their children longer . ”
SOURCE : bmj.co/1ajZCX4 Tobacco Control , online March 25 , 2015 .
Exclusive : supply problems with one of most widely used drugs mean doctors are being forced to ration its use and switch to less desirable alternatives
A major shortage of one of the most widely used hospital antibiotics is putting patients at risk , doctors have warned .
There is an international shortage of of piperacillin-tazobactam , an antibiotic and antibacterial combination drug known by the trade name Tazocin , which is usually used intravenously in intensive care . It is also used to treat a wide variety of conditions including cystic fibrosis , pneumonia , urinary tract infections , diabetic foot infections and neutropenic sepsis – a life-threatening condition that can arise in those receiving anti-cancer treatment .
The Department of Health and Public Health England have issued guidance on the problem and hospitals in Scotland have been given advice by the Scottish Antimicrobial Prescribing Group ( SAPG ) . A document from NHS Fife dating from early May says “ there is a high likelihood that in the near future piperacillin-tazobactam will not be available at all… this is a major challenge to our prescribing practice . ”
The document also points out that the use of other drug combinations could increase the workload for doctors and nurses , as some of them require more frequent doses and increased monitoring . “ Regrettably there is no other feasible solution at present , ” it notes .
Philip Howard , Royal Pharmaceutical Society spokesperson on antimicrobial resistance , said that an explosion at a Chinese factory that produced raw materials for the medication had caused the problems . Howard said the UK had experienced supply constraints since March this year .
Hospitals in the UK have been urged to restrict their use of the drug in order to conserve stocks . “ This is one of the more serious shortages that the NHS has had to face , ” Howard said , although they added there were enough supplies of other drugs for patients to get the antibiotics they needed .
Documents approved by the Department of Health and Public Health England dated 24 April , seen by the Observer , advise that the use of piperacillin-tazobactam be restricted to severe cases of sepsis and ventilator-acquired pneumonia , although some doctors fear that if the shortage lasts then these patients could also be affected . Doctors wanting to use the medication for other cases must get approval .
A doctor who works at a hospital in East Anglia , who asked to remain anonymous , said they were advised of the piperacillin-tazobactam shortage by the pharmacy team at their NHS trust on 18 May in an email stating “ we will not be able to obtain any further stock in the foreseeable future once we have used up all our current stock ” .
The doctor said they believed patients were being put at risk by the shortage . “ Every hospital in this country would use it , ” they said . “ [ If you look ] at the grades of antibiotics we have , [ piperacillin-tazobactam ] is probably the second rung from the top . It is not quite the last resort , but it is almost . ”
They said many of the options doctors were having to use were less powerful or could cause side effects such as kidney damage . “ Patients are either having prolonged stays on these courses of antibiotics , or even worse , they are not actually even responding , ” they added .
In such cases , they said , doctors were increasingly left having to deploy the last line of defence – an antibiotic known as meropenem , part of a group of antibiotics known as carbapenems . But resistance to such drugs is a growing problem , and doctors are already advised to limit their use . A microbiologist at a hospital in England , speaking on condition of anonymity , said meropenem was being used more often than they would like , while critical shortages had also been encountered for other drugs .
In the case of one antibiotic called ceftriaxone , which is used as the first line of treatment for meningitis , the Observer has seen a memo from their NHS trust to staff which said it expected to exhaust all its supplies of the drug within the next few days .
The microbiologist added that the use of antibiotics known as cephalosporins , which includes ceftriaxone , had previously been reduced in the UK to help reduce the threat of the dangerous superbug C difficile . Any rise in use of the drugs , they said , could increase the risk of such infections .
The cost of piperacillin-tazobactam and other drugs had shot up , the microbiologist added , while the workload for microbiologists had also increased , due to the number of calls from doctors and emergency meetings to discuss shortages .
In another document seen by the Observer , the Department of Health acknowledged that the shortage of piperacillin-tazobactam could cause problems with supplies of other drugs – a situation Howard also admitted was possible . They added that recent data did not show a significant rise in the use of meropenem .
The Department of Health said the piperacillin-tazobactam shortage was a global issue and that more supplies should be available this summer . “ In the interim period we are working with the pharmaceutical industry and NHS to make sure supplies of alternative antibiotics are available and have issued guidance about appropriate alternative treatment options , ” it said .
Andrew Seaton , chair of the SAPG , said they did not advise health boards to increase the use of cephalosporins , except in certain cases , due to concerns over a possible increase in C difficile infection . They also pointed out that use of piperacillin-tazobactam and meropenem had been low before the shortage , and described gentamicin as a cornerstone of the SAPG approach , saying that there was strong guidance for its safe use ..
But they raised concerns about unreliable supply chains for important medicines . “ Drug shortages in general have become a thorn in our side , ” they said . “ I am thinking particularly of drugs that we would like to use as alternatives to , say , piperacillin-tazobactam and meropenem or the carbapenem antibiotics . ”
But Seaton said they would describe the situation as an inconvenience rather than a crisis . “ There are always alternatives to this antibiotic , ” they said .
While a document from Luton and Dunstable University Hospital seen by the Observer said the piperacillin-tazobactam shortage was expected to last until at least July , the document from the SAPG said they had been advised stock constraints were likely until September .
The latter also suggested the shortage might offer a silver lining , presenting a chance to improve control on how the medication is used to reduce the likelihood of resistance .
According to Howard , the factory in China was now back in full production , but it might take months before the global supply chain recovered completely .
Ultimately , said Howard , action needed to be taken to avoid a repeat situation in the future . “ We need to ensure that we use a broader range of antibiotics in our hospitals , so that if there is a global supply problem , it does n't have such a large impact , ” they said .
Hacking the Boeing 787
The news articles are pretty sensational :
The computer network in the Dreamliner 's passenger compartment , designed to give passengers in-flight internet access , is connected to the plane 's control , navigation and communication systems , an FAA report reveals .
And :
According to the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner aeroplane may have a serious security vulnerability in its on-board computer networks that could allow passengers to access the plane 's control systems .
More press .
If this is true , this is a very serious security vulnerability . And it 's not just terrorists trying to control the airplane , but the more common software flaw that causes some unforeseen interaction with something else and cascades into a bigger problem . However , the FAA document in the Federal Register is not as clear as all that . It does say :
The proposed architecture of the 787 is different from that of existing production ( and retrofitted ) airplanes . It allows new kinds of passenger connectivity to previously isolated data networks connected to systems that perform functions required for the safe operation of the airplane . Because of this new passenger connectivity , the proposed data network design and integration may result in security vulnerabilities from intentional or unintentional corruption of data and systems critical to the safety and maintenance of the airplane . The existing regulations and guidance material did not anticipate this type of system architecture or electronic access to aircraft systems that provide flight critical functions . Furthermore , 14 CFR regulations and current system safety assessment policy and techniques do not address potential security vulnerabilities that could be caused by unauthorized access to aircraft data buses and servers . Therefore , special conditions are imposed to ensure that security , integrity , and availability of the aircraft systems and data networks are not compromised by certain wired or wireless electronic connections between airplane data buses and networks .
But , honestly , this is n't nearly enough information to work with . Normally , the aviation industry is really good about this sort of thing , and it does n't make sense that they 'd do something as risky as this . I 'd like more definitive information .
EDITED TO ADD ( 1/16 ) : The FAA responds . Seems like there 's more hype than story here . Still , it 's worth paying attention to .
Posted on January 7 , 2008 at 12:38 PM • 55 Comments
The Internal Revenue Service and other federal agencies reportedly awarded contracts to a license plate-tracking company to provide access to license-plate recognition databases or technology used to collect plate information .
Bloomberg News reported that the IRS and other government agencies awarded about $ 415,000 in contracts to Livermore , Calif.-based Vigilant Solutions before the Department of Homeland Security dropped a plan for similar work after privacy concerns were raised .
In June 2012 , the IRS awarded Vigilant a $ 1,188 contract for `` access to nationwide data , '' according to federal procurement records compiled by the news agency . The contract ended in May 2013 , according to the records .
`` The IRS uses a variety of investigative tools similar to other law-enforcement agencies to assist with criminal cases , '' Eric Smith , an agency spokesperson , told Bloomberg , declining to say how the IRS used the records in its investigations .
The Air Force 's Air Combat Command awarded the company a contract for license plate readers valued at as much as $ 114,000 in 2011 , the report said . A command spokesperson said the readers help make base access `` easier and more secure . ''
Bloomberg reported that the U.S. Forest Service awarded Vigilant a contract valued at about $ 47,019 for a product that scans and captures license plate numbers and compares the data collected to police databases of wanted vehicles .
The Forest Service also awarded the company a contract valued at as much as $ 7,500 last year for a subscription to its license plate database and other services , according to federal contracting records obtained by Bloomberg .
The Justice Department 's Drug Enforcement Administration , FBI , DHS and U.S . Marshals Service have also awarded contracts to Vigilant for access to its records or tracking tools , according to the report .
License plate readers – essentially cameras that snap rapid-fire pictures of license plates and vehicles as they pass – are in use in a host of locations , by private companies and law enforcement .
The readers – whether they are mounted to police cars , traffic lights or toll booths – record the date , time and location of the vehicle when the picture was taken .
Law enforcement has been using license plate readers for several years , but privacy advocates have raised concerns that the unchecked collection of such information could allow for the tracking of an average citizen 's every movement .
In February , Homeland Security officials dropped plans to establish a national license-plate recognition database to collect information from commercial and law enforcement tag readers after concerns were raised over privacy and how the data would be scrutinized .
The contract proposal said Immigration and Customs Enforcement was planning to use the license plate data in pursuit of criminal immigrants and others sought by authorities .
According to the proposal , the government wanted “ a close-up of the plate and a zoomed out image of the vehicle '' and instant and around-the-clock access to records through a smartphone app .
In 2012 , the American Civil Liberties Union criticized the collection of license plate scanner data and warned that millions of records were being collected with little or no safeguards for people 's privacy .
Jennifer Lynch , a senior staff attorney with the San Francisco-based civil liberties group Electronic Frontier Foundation , told Bloomberg the contracts represented privacy concerns .
`` Especially with the IRS , I do n't know why these agencies are getting access to this kind of information , '' Lynch said . `` These systems treat every single person in an area as if they 're under investigation for a crime -- that is not the way our criminal justice system was set up or the way things work in a democratic society . ''
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here for more from Bloomberg .
Last year I started a blog post series about how input works in KWin/Wayland . This blog post resumes this series by talking about touch input .
Several people wondered why it took so long for this blog post . After all it 's more than a month since the last one . Of course there is a good reason for it . I was reworking parts of the input stack and wanted to discuss the changes with the next post of the input blog post series . Unfortunately there are still a few changes missing , so I decided to nevertheless do the touch input post first .
Touch input is the new kid in the block concerning input events . It 's a technology which was created after X11 got created and thus it is not part of the X11 core protocol . On X11 this makes touch a weird beast . E.g . there is always an emulation to a pointer event . Applications which do not support touch can still be used as the touch events generate pointer events . Now this is actually a huge sacrifice for the API and means that touch feels – at least to me – as a second class citizen in X11 .
On Wayland the situation is way better . Touch is part of the core input protocol and does not emulate pointer events . Applications need to support touch in order to get touch events . If an application does not support touch , the touch events wo n't trigger any actions . This is a good thing as it means applications need to do something sensible with touch events .
Like with the other events touch events are reported to KWin by libinput . Touch events are quite straight forward . We get touch down events ( when a finger touches the screen ) , touch up events ( when a finger gets lifted again ) and touch motion events ( when the finger moves on a screen ) . This is fully multi-touch aware , meaning we can follow multiple touch points individually .
The events are sent through KWin 's internal filter architecture like all other events . Currently KWin does not really intercept events yet . We do support touch events on window decoration and KWin 's own internal windows . But in those cases we emulate mouse events . We do n't have any UI elements which would benefit from multi touch events , thus emulating mouse events internally is sufficient for the time being . If in future we add multi touch aware UI elements that would require changes .
In case KWin does not intercept the touch sequence the events are passed on to the KWayland Server component which forwards the events to the Wayland window which is currently receiving touch events . KWin determines the window by using the window at the first touch down of the sequence . While a sequence is in progress the window can not change .
The touch events are then processed by the application and can provide sensible functionality . E.g . our Plasma calendar supports a pinch-zoom gesture to switch to an overview of all months . This was developed under X11 and just works on Wayland without any adjustments . Good job , Qt devs !
Last week at the Plasma sprint touch gestures were an important discussion point during the last days . We decided which global gestures we want to support in Plasma . We hope to be able to deliver this for Plasma 5.10 on Wayland and will also look to get the same on X11 by reusing the architecture written for Wayland . But this might land in a later release .
Global touch gestures have an interesting and useful feature . When a sequence starts KWin does not know whether that will be a global gesture or a gesture which needs to be forwarded to the applications . Thus all events must be sent to the applications . Once KWin knows that this is a global gesture it can send a cancel event to the application . This informs the application that the touch sequence got canceled . This prevents conflicts between the global and application touch gestures . On X11 this is not so comfortable , so we will have to see how we can support this .
Q : Please tell us what you felt after reading the script for 'Digimon Adventure tri . Part 4 : `` Loss '' ' , as well as how you felt during recording , or if there were any scenes that left a deep impression on you.A : I got the impression that as each part continues stacking atop the previous , the story gets deeper and pierces even further down . The mysteries continue to multiply , and we get immersed even further in the story which grows heavier with each part . Even during recording , as everyone in the cast and the staff gathered together , there was this sense of 'completeness ' at the venue where everyone 's thoughts felt like one.Q : Are there any parts of 'Digimon Adventure tri . Part 4 : `` Loss '' ' that you especially feel is a must-watch or highly recommended part ? ( It does n't matter even if it 's a scene you did not take part in ) A : As usual , I thought the evolution scenes were great and really well done , they really make you fired up . And another scene that 's not too far off , but ... I ca n't say too much about it right now , but after [ the children ] defeat a certain enemy , when all of them were able to reunite , Jou 's confidence-filled line then felt really on point . ( laughs ) I thought it was really Jou-esque of him , especially how no one tried to say otherwise [ about their confidence ] .Q : Please leave a message for the Digimon fans looking forward to Part 4.A : Part 4 illustrates the bonds between the characters from an angle not previously seen before . I was really moved by how no matter their conflicts , no matter how they got separated , no matter how they were forgotten , everybody 's thoughts stood unchanged . I feel that this film will definitely reach out to the hearts of Digimon fans . Please look forward to it .
Washington Wizards forward Otto Porter has played at an All-Star level this season , which could cause the Brooklyn Nets to pursue them in the summer .
For a few years , fans grew accustomed to seeing Otto Porter sit on Randy Wittman ‘ s bench as depleted veterans got the nod ahead of the developing forward .
As a Georgetown Hoya , Porter grew their game inside the Verizon Center , becoming the third overall pick in 2013 , but then was immediately subjected to the head coach 's stubborn nature upon entering the league .
Article continues below ...
It 's taken Porter some time – three years , in fact – to become adjusted to the speed of the NBA , but breakout games in the NBA Playoffs have propelled them to have two consecutive career-seasons .
This season , Porter has been the Washington Wizards ‘ most efficient player . He 's averaging roughly 14 points and 7 rebounds per game while knocking down 55 percent of their total shots , including 44 percent of their looks from beyond the 3-point arc .
Porter , who lacked assertiveness early in their career , has blossomed into one of the league 's brightest young players .
Their start in the nation 's capital , at least professionally , was n't necessarily ideal , but Porter has cemented their role in the team 's core .
Their play this season has been enough to earn Porter a spot in the Wizards ' franchise for the future , but that wo n't stop some teams from attempting to pry them away .
Washington did n't reach a contract extension with Porter last summer , opting instead to see them expand their game before committing to their long-term future in D.C .
The sample size , given how little they played during the first few years of their career , was n't enough for the Washington Wizards to reach a deal with Porter .
But now that he 's playing at an All-Star level , there 's no question that the Wizards will attempt to keep them around for as long as possible .
Following the conclusion of the 2016-17 NBA season , Porter will become an unrestricted free agent – meaning , the Wizards will have an opportunity to match any deal they receive in the off-season .
Unless their play declines sharply , there 's a strong chance that Porter will receive a max contract offer .
Teams that lack draft picks , like the Brooklyn Nets , have attempted to steal free agents in the past .
According to the New York Post ‘ s Brian Lewis , the Washington Wizards believe the Nets will have interest in signing Porter , as they 've attempted to lure restricted free agents before .
Otto Porter , who had 12 points and four boards , is set to be a restricted free agent . The feeling in Washington is the Wizards small forward will be of interest to Nets general manager Sean Marks , who is 0-3 trying to land restricted free agents .
The Nets traded multiple first-round picks to the Boston Celtics several years ago in a deal that landed them Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett .
The blockbuster deal was supposed to catapult the Nets into contender status , but the team has n't reaped the rewards from the trade . Currently , the team is on pace to finish in the bottom three in the Eastern Conference .
For the Nets to rebound , they have to reconstruct their roster . Since they do n't have picks , free agency is their only outlet for improvement .
Porter would instantly become the team 's best player and would fit into the Nets ' changing culture .
Fortunately , all signs point to the Washington Wizards investing into Porter 's future . If they do n't show that commitment , teams like the Nets will certainly jump on the opportunity to snag Porter .
This article originally appeared on
In a lab beneath the University of Arizona 's football stadium , researchers have reached a new milestone in their effort to build the world 's largest ground-based telescope – the Giant Magellan Telescope ( GMT ) , destined for a mountaintop in Chile 's Atacama Desert .
On Friday , technicians at the Stewart Observatory Mirror Laboratory opened the lid of a large rotating furnace to reveal the third of seven mirrors , each 27 feet wide , that will operate as one mirror 80 feet across to gather light from the dawn of the universe .
The $ 880-million GMT is one of two projects currently underway to build a new generation of giant ground-based telescopes to explore the early universe , help identify potentially habitable planets in the sun 's neighborhood , and help reveal the nature of dark energy , a mysterious force that is propelling the expansion of the universe at an ever increasing rate .
It 's an ambitious agenda that has an additional component often overlooked , notes Wendy Freedman , an astronomer and chair of the Giant Magellan Telescope Organization 's board of directors . New capabilities can lead to unimagined discoveries that can profoundly change humanity 's view of the universe .
“ Galileo had a 2-inch telescope that at the time was the most powerful telescope in the world . It revealed a whole host of things we did n't know about the universe , ” says Dr. Freedman , who also heads the Carnegie Observatories . Galileo had no clue that they would discover moons orbiting Jupiter or craters on the moon .
“ Nature continues to reveal a lot of secrets , and I think that 's one of the things that really excites us about the GMT ” and the enhanced capabilities it brings to the table , they say .
From its perch at the Las Campanas Observatory in Chile , the GMT will have a clear view of skies over the southern hemisphere .
A second group is moving ahead on a similar project – a telescope whose primary mirror is 98 feet across . Known as the Thirty Meter Telescope ( TMT ) , this new eye on the cosmos will join other observatories already sitting atop Hawaii 's Mauna Kea .
In April , Hawaii 's Board of land and Natural Resources granted the project a permit to build the telescope at the site . In July , the project 's partners , which include research institutions from the US , Canada , Japan , China , and India , signed off on an agreement defining the observatory 's goals as well as setting out the rights and responsibilities for each of the partners .
Between the two telescopes , astronomers will have access to skies in the northern and southern hemispheres with hardware of comparable capabilities .
Of the two , however , the GMT is the farthest along . One mirror is finished , a second is being polished , the third just came out of the oven , glass for the fourth is in hand , and the GMT 's board has given the OK to proceed on the fifth mirror .
In March , crews at Las Campanas leveled the summit that the GMT will occupy . Construction is set to begin in mid-2014 . The goal is to begin science operations with four mirrors in 2020 and round out the full array by 2024 , Freedman says .
The GMT 's main mirrors represent the most technically demanding part of the project . In the past with smaller telescopes , a telescope 's main light-gathering mirror would be cast as single piece and given its final concave , or parabolic , shape by slowly grinding away at the glass .
The GMT 's primary mirror is too large to be cast as a single unit . So designers broke it into seven circular segments that form a reflective rosette .
The mirrors still must undergo a final grinding process – one that must smooth the surface of each mirror to within 1 millionth of an inch . But the six circular mirrors that form the petals must be shaped as parts of the overall parabola that the surfaces of all seven will form . That means that one edge of a “ petal ” may be as much as 0.55 inches thicker than the opposite edge – all the while ground to the same millionth-of-an-inch tolerance .
No one has designed a mirror array like this before .
“ We finished polishing and testing the first mirror a little over a year ago , and that was the biggest technical challenge to the project , ” Freedman says , noting simply that without a properly produced primary mirror , there would be no telescope . Now , mirrors are flowing through the process in assembly-line fashion .
Once mirrors are assembled , they will have to be controlled with remarkable precision so that the “ virtual ” 80-foot mirror retains its optimum shape . That , too presented a challenge that the GMT team feels it has met , Freedman says .
In addition , the team also is working on a technique that combines lasers with hardware that can rapidly deform small segments of the telescope 's secondary mirror – also made of seven segments .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
The lasers provide information on the atmosphere 's distortion . This information ultimately reaches actuators that subtly alter the shapes of the secondary-mirror segments in ways that compensate for the twinkle or distortions turbulence in the atmosphere imparts on light passing through it . It 's the latest evolution of a technique known as adaptive optics .
Although in somewhat different form that of the TMT project , the GMT also represents an international collaboration . It includes universities and research institutions from the US , South Korea , and Australia and counts private foundations among its donors .
Image : Toroidion Ltd
Electric vehicles ( or EV 's ) have a high profile at this weekend 's Auto 2016 car fair in Helsinki . The Purosuos , a couple from Vantaa , are test-driving an electric car for the first time .
Saija Purosuo says that they are the one who is particularly interested in an electric car . They say they may buy a hybrid now and wait until electrics have a long enough range to drive to their summer cottage before buying one . Them husband , Tero Purosuo , says they were impressed by how quiet and quick-starting the car was .
Sluggish sales
Despite the buzz around electrics , less than 200 fully electric cars have been sold in Finland this year . There are now about 2,250 fully electric and plug-in hybrid cars in Finland . The sluggish sales are primarily due to their limited driving range and high prices .
For instance , a Renault Zoe EV on display at Auto 2016 has a starting price of around 33,000 euros . Its range with one charging is estimated to be 400 kilometres – but that 's under ideal driving conditions . In Finnish winter conditions it may only be 200 kilometres .
Now the centre-right government is in a hurry to get the EV market going as part of its efforts to meet Finland 's climate commitments under the Paris Agreement . Electric and biogas cars may not be entirely emissions-free , depending on how their electricity or biofuel is produced .
Catching up with Norway
Sources tell Yle that ministers are considering 100 million euros in subsidies for electric and biogas cars in 2017-2020 . That could help Finland catch up with neighbouring Norway , which already has more than 120,000 plug-in electrics , which account for nearly a quarter of all new cars sold .
Here the goal is to have 250,000 EVs and 50,000 biogas cars on the road by 2030 . That 's a good start , says Tero Kallio , chair of the Association of Automobile Importers .
`` If this kind of purchase subsidy comes through , we would certainly be on track for a quarter-million cars by 2030 , '' they say . `` I would however emphasise that just electric vehicles wo n't be enough to meet emissions targets . And the nation 's entire stock of cars should be replaced in any case , '' they argue .
Tax reform an option
Yle has learned that the transport ministry is considering a 4,000 euro subsidies for each of the first 25,000 emissions-free cars sold . An alternative plan would be an overhaul of automotive taxes to encourage people to buy clean cars .
The cabinet is also planning to raise the percentage of biofuel in regular petrol to 30 percent by 2030 . The coalition government 's programme from last year calls for cutting petroleum consumption in half by that year . Road transport accounts for roughly one fifth of Finland 's greenhouse gas emissions .
The government is expected to reveal more details on Thursday , when it unveils its climate and energy strategy .
Obama Paid Surprise Visit to Hawaii 48 Hours Before Hawaii Judge Rules Against Trump Temporary Refugee Ban ( Updated )
SHADOW GOVERNMENT UPDATE–
Barack Obama paid a surprise visit to Honolulu , Hawaii on Monday just days before US District Court Judge Derrick Watson , who presides in Honolulu , ruled against President Trump 's temporary refugee ban from terror states .
Barack Obama visits Hawaii , hits the links and enjoys fine dining https : //t.co/yeX8N1vIEV pic.twitter.com/ujeR2679Td — ABC News ( @ ABC ) March 16 , 2017
Via Pat Dollard and the Star Advertiser :
Coming off a string of high-profile meetings , former President Barack Obama made an unannounced return to Hawaii Monday . Just three months removed from their last official holiday visit as president , Obama was spotted dining at Buzz 's Lanikai Monday night .
Local Democrats tried “ their best to keep it under wraps the whole day . ”
Then on Wednesday President Donald Trump 's revised travel ban was put on hold by US District Court Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu , Hawaii after hearing arguments that the executive order discriminates on the basis of nationality .
Judge Watson believes Somalis and Yemenis have the same constitutional rights as American citizens .
UPDATE : Also — the judge , one Judge Watson , managed to produce a 43-page decision within two hours of the case being filed . Speedy guy , huh !
When the dust settled , the Senate formally censured both men and passed a rule governing debate in the chamber that has stood to this day : “ No Senator in debate shall , directly or indirectly , by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator . ”
The fight that led to Rule XIX was not the first time fisticuffs had broken out in the Senate , nor even its most famous brawl . That would be the time in 1856 when Representative Preston Brooks—also , it turns out , from South Carolina—attacked the antislavery Senator Charles Sumner of Massachusetts after their “ Crime Against Kansas ” speech . ( It is now also against the rules to impugn not only a fellow senator , but to “ refer offensively ” to any individual state . ) But the 1902 quarrel is the one that 's had the most lasting impact .
Jeff Sessions is President Trump 's nominee for attorney general , but until the Senate votes to confirm them to that post , they are still one of its 100 sitting members—he remains , in the politesse of the world 's greatest deliberative body , “ the gentleman from Alabama. ” And as such , they are afforded a greater protection from insult than any of the president 's other Cabinet nominees—even , in the case of Warren 's words on Tuesday night , from accusations contained in a 30-year-old letter involving their conduct before they became a senator .
What it means to violate Rule XIX is , of course , highly subjective , and its enforcement is extremely rare . It is not uncommon for senators to receive warnings or informal reprimands for remarks that their colleagues consider over the line . Often senators withdraw their contested comments from the record . But on Wednesday morning , the Senate historian 's office—which keeps extensive records on the chamber 's proceedings—was searching to discover if the Senate had ever enforced Rule XIX as it did on Tuesday night , by voting to silence Warren for the remainder of the current debate . Gregg Giroux of Bloomberg uncovered an example that came close in 1979 , when then-Majority Leader Robert Byrd of West Virginia worked out a truce between Senators Lowell Weicker of Connecticut and John Heinz of Pennsylvania after Heinz invoked Rule XIX against Weicker for calling them an “ idiot . ”
McConnell said on Tuesday night that they sought a vote to silence Warren after they ignored warnings that reading from Coretta Scott King 's 1986 letter about Sessions violated Rule XIX . But as Democrats quickly pointed out , the majority leader took no action in 2015 when they were the victim of an even more egregious breach of the rule . Then it was a fellow Republican , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , who called McConnell a liar on the Senate floor . The Kentucky senator , Cruz charged , had told “ a simple lie ” when they said there had been no deal struck to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank as part of a broader transportation bill .
Recently we pointed out how Catwoman was going for a look like Michelle Pfeiffer , the actor who once portrayed them in the movie Batman Returns .
Well , we 've seen how Harley Quinn is looking in the upcoming Suicide Squad movie . portrayed by Margot Robbie .
And how it inspired a DC Comics trademark registration . Well , in today 's Harley Quinn comic from Jimmy , Amanda and Chad , the character gets a new hairdo .
Look familiar ? Cinematic indeed .
Oh and a new jacket to fit the movie look as well .
Though I think the back of the jacket may be all the comic book 's own design . As it does rather tie in with recent issues .
Something else for DC to trademark ?
But the comic book may be getting another new look , courtesy of DC Comics Instagram account…
Let 's look at a couple of frames from that…
Very GI Joe…
Harley Quinn is published today .
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Google Fiber is forwarding copyright infringement notices to its subscribers including controversial and automated piracy fines . Through these notices , rightsholders demand settlements of up to hundreds of dollars . Google 's decision to forward these emails is surprising , as the company generally has a good track record of protecting consumer interests .
Every month Google receives dozens of millions of DMCA takedown requests from copyright holders , most of which are directed at its search engine .
However , with Google Fiber being rolled out in more cities , notices targeting allegedly pirating Internet subscribers are becoming more common as well .
These include regular takedown notices but also the more controversial settlement demands sent by companies such as Rightscorp and CEG TEK .
Instead of merely alerting subscribers that their connections have been used to share copyright infringing material , these notices serve as automated fines , offering subscribers settlements ranging from $ 20 to $ 300 .
The scheme uses the standard DMCA takedown process which means that the copyright holder does n't have to go to court or even know who the recipient is . In fact , the affected subscriber is often not the person who shared the pirated file .
To protect customers against these practices many ISPs including Comcast , Verizon and AT & T have chosen not to forward settlement demands . However , information received by TF shows that Google does take part .
Over the past week we have seen settlement demands from Rightscorp and CEG TEK which were sent to Google Fiber customers . In an email , Google forwards the notice with an additional warning that repeated violations may result in a permanent disconnection .
“ Repeated violations of our Terms of Service may result in remedial action being taken against your Google Fiber account , up to and including possible termination of your service , ” Google Fiber writes .
Below Google 's message is the notification with the settlement demand , which in this example was sent on behalf of music licensing outfit BMG . In the notice , the subscriber is warned over possible legal action if the dispute is not settled .
“ BMG will pursue every available remedy including injunctions and recovery of attorney 's fees , costs and any and all other damages which are incurred by BMG as a result of any action that is commenced against you , ” the notice reads .
Facing such threatening language many subscribers are inclined to pay up , which led some to accuse the senders of harassment and abuse . In addition , several legal experts have spoken out against this use of the DMCA takedown process .
Mitch Stoltz , staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) previously told us that Internet providers should carefully review what they 're forwarding to their users . Under U.S. law they are not required to forward DMCA notices and forwarding these automated fines may not be in the best interest of consumers .
“ In the U.S. , ISPs do n't have any legal obligation to forward infringement notices in their entirety . An ISP that cares about protecting its customers from abuse should strip out demands for money before forwarding infringement notices . Many do this , ” Stoltz said .
According to Stoltz these settlement demands are often misleading or inaccurate , suggesting that account holders are responsible for all use of their Internet connections .
“ The problem with notices demanding money from ISP subscribers is that they 're often misleading . They often give the impression that the person whose name is on the ISP bill is legally responsible for all infringement that might happen on the Internet connection , which is simply not true , ” they note .
While Google is certainly not the only ISP that forwards these notices it is the biggest name involved . TF asked Google why they have decided to forward the notices in their entirely but unfortunately the company did not respond to our request for comment .
Update : Google responded to our inquiry , more details here .
Whilst there has been a huge amount of external negativity of late over the potential numbers of cars set to form the grid for the 2018/19 FIA WEC ‘ Super Season , current signs are that the grid as a whole , and GTE numbers in particular could well be set to be very strong indeed .
The GTE Pro class is already known to sit at a more or less confirmed ten , with two cars , full factory backed , efforts from AF Corse/ Ferrari ( with a pair of revised 488 GTE ) , Aston Martin Racing ( with a pair of brand-new Vantage GTE ) , BMW Motorsport ( joining the WEC with a pair of new M8 GTE ) , Chip Ganassi Ford with their returning Ford GTs , and Porsche Team , with their 911 RSRs .
Better still the GTE Am class seems very likely to see a boost in numbers too for 2018/19 as plans continue to form up and down the paddock .
Pulling together the strands in the Shanghai paddock , and adding others that are dangling elsewhere , DSC can reveal prospects for full-season GTE Am entries next year that could potentially hit double figures . There is though little or no chance , at present , of that level of class grid being accommodated for the full season .
Whatever happens in the season 's selection committee meetings , that 's a number that earlier this season few thought could be achieved , with some members of the GTE Am paddock worried that the class could even be removed from the WEC due to the rise in GTE Pro , and a strong Championship focus on attracting LMP2 and private LMP1 entries .
The two restricting factors for the extended growth are though , the availability of garage space for the full season , effectively capping a full season WEC entry at 32-34 cars , and a clear wish from the ACO and FIA WEC to ensure a balanced grid between a combined LMP entry and GTE numbers .
Before we get into that debate though let 's look at the prospects currently in play :
In the Porsche camp , there are prospects for up to five entries , all potentially featuring the new for 2017 911 RSR , a car that is proving to be a valuable bargaining chip in customer negotiations .
Proton Competition is planning to race a pair for the WEC ( with another pair in the ELMS ) – Christian Reid explaining to DSC that one is confirmed , with another in negotiation . The fourth Proton car is believed to be the car initially destined for an un-named Asian customer planning a WEC effort , that programme has not come to fruition .
Gulf Racing too is keen to double up next season , though their potential second car is far from firm at present .
The final prospect is believed to be a potential FIA WEC newcomer , with Porsche Super Cup outfit Team Project 1/Tolimit working to represent the final entry .
For five cars to be even a numerical possibility in the coming WEC season , several factors would need to align . Firstly the commercial realities for each car 's programme would need to crystalise , Porsche would also have to commit to build a seventh customer 911 RSR ( a prospect that DSC believes has been raised and would likely be approved if a programme firmed up for it ( most likely from Gulf ) ) .
Aston Martin 's presence in the class is also set to see a potential boost . Paul Dalla Lana 's long-time AMR-entered Vantage may well be set to return for next season , Dalla Lana confirming to DSC in Shanghai that they were actively looking at the details for a programme .
ELMS/British GT regular TF Sport confirmed to DSC that it is almost certain to seek to make the jump from the ELMS GTE ranks to the WEC for the ‘ Super Season ' .
Beechdean AMR too is known to be making moves to try to field a Vantage in the world championship too as part of team boss Andrew Howard 's drive to run , “ multiple cars in multiple series ” next year .
The question is , whether or not the teams will race with the older Vantage for the entire 2018/19 season . By being an 18-month calendar , the ‘ Super Season ' adds the possibility of switching to the new 2018 Vantage after the Asian leg at the end of 2018 , the car by then being a year old ( and therefore GTE Am eligible ) in time for Sebring 2019 . Aston Martin campaigned unsuccessfully to get a waiver for the car , making it eligible for the Am class for the full Super Season . DSC believes that the current position would almost certainly be that GTE Am teams would utilise the current car through the full 2018/19 season .
At Ferrari , Clearwater has expressed a desire to stay in the WEC , team owner Weng Sun Mok keen to continue after a successful debut season in the series . The Singaporean outfit though , told DSC that it will make a final decision prior to the season finale at Bahrain .
AF Corse-run Swiss-flagged outfit Spirit of Race is also making moves to return with a pair of 488 GTE . Amato Ferrari telling DSC that they hoped to be able to make a firm announcement of their programmes in Bahrain too .
Another Ferrari team too is also known to be investigating potential to run in WEC , GTE-Am , though this prospect is a more distant one currently , potentially though further increasing the ‘ Prancing Horse 's ' interest .
Whilst there is no confirmed customer , or confirmed customer programme , for the Ford GT DSC is aware of two interested parties , one though would be for a short season only , the other , we believe , with another option elsewhere should the Ford be unavailable , or unaffordable .
WEC paddock sources are also now predicting a potential return too from Larbre Competition in the coming season with a potential last hurrah for the Corvette C7.R , an entry which would surely be welcomed by the organisers .
Put all of that together and a combined 13 car GTE grid in 2017 feasibly could hit 20 in 2018/19 if available grid numbers allowed , with GTE Am in particular having potential for really strong growth from the five car full season class entry this season .
Despite assurances to the contrary earlier this year that could well see manufacturers limited to two cars apiece , and a maximum of 7-8 cars across the class as a whole to match up the combined LMP and GTE grids for the season .
The irony is that after weeks of doom , gloom and despondency in various quarters , is that the FIA WEC Selection Committee may well be busier than ever ahead of the coming season !
In a recent article I advocated for a new way of naming business cycles . The new approach emphasizes the cause rather than the effect . So instead of the “ housing bubble ” and “ financial crisis , ” we should refer to the Greenspan-Bernanke Crisis . Here we will turn our attention to the current situation .
The current economy is a puzzle for mainstream economists . Some aspects of the economy seem to be very strong , such as the stock market , real estate , social media , and internet companies . Other aspects of the economy seem to be very weak , such as economic growth , wage increases , and the number of full time “ breadwinner ” jobs .
One major example of this puzzle is that unemployment is very low and inflation is also very low and yet the Fed and other central bankers appear to be afraid to allow interest rates to go back to their normal levels . They appear to be afraid to make any move , for fear that the economy collapses .
You can understand why . They sat on a housing bubble of their own making and had no idea it existed and was so massive and how entangled it was with the financial sector . At the time , they thought that everything was fine and that they could just lower interest rates if some problem appeared out of the blue . Instead , they had to bring interest rates down to zero and engaged in years of unconventional and untried monetary policies , with very little in the way of positive results . So naturally they are worried . Most are no doubt hoping for the end of their terms as central bankers to come as quickly as possible .
To complicate matters they now have trillions of dollars of government debt and mortgage backed securities on their books . They say they are going to sell off most of these portfolios , but do n't hold your breath . We heard about “ green shoots ” in the economy and normalized interest rates for years before we actually saw anything happen .
Treasury bond prices have been weakening and interest rates are rising . There is less demand for government bonds from overseas . The dollar is likely to weaken too . To make matters worse , the Fed 's balance sheet is $ 4.5 trillion , the national debt is $ 20 trillion , and each 1 % rise in interest rates adds $ 200 billion to the government 's budget deficit .
At some points in history , it seems the Fed can do no wrong , i.e. , the boom , while at other times ; it seems the Fed can do no right , i.e. , the bust . Even leaving interest rates unchanged is not a good option . Will entrepreneurs continue to add to production capacity and invest in “ advanced ” technologies ? Will consumers continue to add to their record high debt ?
When the Fed decided in January 2008 to undertake untried and unconventional monetary policy , they probably did not envision this scenario . They used these policies to paper over the problem with hopes to come out with a normal economy at the end of the process .
The next economic crisis and depression will not be a fluke occurrence . It will not be a mysterious psychological shock or technological shock . In fact , the next economic crisis will be directly tied to the last economic crisis and the policies the Fed used to “ solve ” it . As such , it should be called the Bernanke-Yellen Crisis .
Another reason why mainstream economists are puzzled by the current economy is that they often use simple aggregate statistics to “ measure ” the economy . The Consumer Price Index is used to measure price inflation . GDP is used to measure production . The U-3 unemployment rate is used to measure unemployment . Serious research and Fed economists often use variations on these statistical measures .
In addition to these measures , Austrian economists use alternative types of price measures , various measures of production , and an assortment of employment measures . All these measures are then combined to gauge the structure of the economy and whether it is strong or not . From this perspective , an increase in unemployment , a fall in prices , and a decrease in certain types of production can be seen as positive effects .
In terms of GDP , the major components include consumption , investment , and government . An increase in each of these components is seen as universally good by mainstream economists . However , from the perspective of Austrian economics , an increase in those components can be either good or bad and mainstream economics has no way to measure the quality of the increases .
For example , the increase in consumption during the housing bubble due to mortgage refinancing increased GDP , but it also put millions of people in a financially precarious position and ultimately ruined many lives . Investment is the same . Normally , investment is a sign of a vigorous economy , but look at the investment losses during the financial crisis when housing prices crashed and many houses went unoccupied and some were ultimately condemned and torn down . Increases in government spending also add to GDP , but all those dollars are not market-determined and most government spending is of dubious or negative value to people .
These points are necessary to put the time period between the financial crisis and today into perspective . Here is what I said ( October 1 , 2016 ) at the Boston Mises Circle : “ The Real Economy : What Hillary and Trump Ca n't and Wo n't Address '' :
As the best case scenario , let us make the heroic assumption that all that ( increased ) government spending was really valuable , i.e. , a dollar of government spending produced a dollar of consumer value , and that all those investments made between 2008 and the present will turn out great . If we take the government 's measure of the economy , i.e. , GDP and adjust for the government 's measure of price increases , i.e. , CPI , and then adjust that figure by the increase in population , we find that the U.S. economy grew at less than 4 % over the entire period from 2008 to mid-2016 . Compare that to the years during the free banking era ( 1837-1860 ) when inflation adjusted , per capita GDP growth could be 3 % or even higher per year . That is stark reality .
In other words , the Fed did not fix the problem it created , i.e. , the housing bubble . It papered over the problem and made it much worse .
Bernie Sanders is mad as hell and he 's not going to take it anymore . That 's why he 's running for president . He 's filled with righteous anger about a lot of things , and lots of people agree with him . Close to a thousand people turned out to see them in New Hampshire ; 750 in Iowa , one of the largest crowds for any of the candidates . He 's “ bulking up ” now in terms of their campaign staff and he 's doing pretty well fundraising , too : With 200,000 contributors at 40 bucks a piece , that 's $ 8 million dollars .
“ We 're going to be outspent , but it does n't matter , ” they say . “ We can run the kind of campaign I want. ” Their kind of campaign is about the big challenges facing the country , income inequality , climate change , the unaffordability of college , a disappearing middle class . They speak about these issues with an ever present edge of outrage , what they call “ from my heart , ” that lets you know he 's not just spouting briefing papers , these are their causes .
The reception he 's gotten in the four or five weeks since they announced their candidacy has persuaded them that maybe the country 's disgust with politics as usual has created an opening for somebody like him , a 73-year-old self-described `` democratic socialist '' who calls out the excesses of Wall Street and stands up for working families . `` It is not a radical agenda , '' they told reporters at a breakfast organized by The Christian Science Monitor .
They want to expand Social Security , move away from Obamacare to Medicare for all , and make tuition free at public universities . They would pay for these expanded benefits with a tax on Wall Street speculative trading , and they would end the loopholes that allow corporations to store their profits tax-free offshore . They do n't expect support from the Business Roundtable , the Chamber of Commerce , or Wall Street , they say with delight , treating their opposition like a badge of honor .
There 's nothing wrong with running to get your ideas heard , they say , but they insist he 's in the race to win , however improbable that is given Hillary Clinton 's big lead , and their own marginal status as a national candidate given their age and leftist politics . Asked what Clinton 's biggest vulnerability is in a debate setting , they say , `` I like Hillary Clinton , I respect Hillary Clinton , I disagree with Hillary Clinton ... We do n't have to make these campaigns personal , but we do have to discuss these issues . ''
They want to know what `` the Secretary '' thinks about the Keystone pipeline . They led the fight against it and believes climate change is a `` planetary crisis . '' Where are they on the trade debate roiling the Congress ? Asked if Clinton 's vote for the Iraq war should disqualify them from the presidency , they said no , that they did n't intend to bring up that years-ago vote . ( Someone else will . )
Listening to Sanders is like going back to the future . They are introducing legislation that would guarantee workers 10 days of vacation . These are the kinds of victories that labor unions won decades ago , but that are under assault in a Wall Street-driven economy . Sanders recalled American workers a century ago held up placards that said , `` Give us a 40-hour week . '' Today , they say , millions of Americans do n't have that guarantee because they 're working two , three , four jobs to get by .
Asked what their first executive order would be as president , they were stumped , admitting they had n't thought about that yet . They used the question to segue into the impact of big money on everything that goes on in Washington , and the reality that no one person can make the changes that they are advocating for . `` I have a lot of respect and admiration for Barack Obama , '' they said , but the `` biggest mistake '' they made after running `` one of the great campaigns in American history '' was saying to the legions of people who supported him , `` Thank you very much for electing me , I 'll take it from here . ''
`` I will not make that mistake , '' Sanders said , making a pitch for a mobilized grassroots movement that every candidate dreams of and that in '08 Obama came closest to achieving . The Obama movement faltered amidst legal issues once they were in the White House , and in '12 became Organizing for America , primarily a vehicle for fundraising and a shadow of what it once was . Sanders sounds like the political science major they were in college , explaining that the free tuition in public universities they seek will not happen if it comes down to President Sanders negotiating with Republican leader Mitch McConnell . `` It will happen , ” he says , “ if a million young people are marching on Washington . ''
The challenge for the Democratic nominee is to generate the kind of excitement that led to Obama 's election and reelection . Among the issues that get Sanders most exercised is the `` massive alienation among the American people '' that leads to low voter turnout . If 60 percent and more of eligible voters do n't vote , `` nothing significant will change , '' they say . They are not happy about the Democratic National Committee scheduling only six debates , beginning in the fall , and decreeing if candidates participate in other debates , they will not be allowed in the sanctioned ones . `` It 's much too limited , '' they said . `` Debates are a means to get people interested and engaged . ''
If it were up to him , candidates would debate across party lines . `` Republicans have gotten away with murder because a lot of people do n't know what their agenda is , '' they say . `` Christie , Perry , Bush are all in favor of cutting Social Security . I want to expand it . Let 's have that debate , '' they say . Sanders has never played party politics . He 's the great disrupter . He 's there to break the rules and regulations , and the voters are cheering them on .
Washington , D.C. – U.S . Senator Rob Portman ( R-Ohio ) has signed on as an original cosponsor of the Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2014 , legislation introduced by Senator John Cornyn ( R-TX ) which would allow individuals with concealed carry privileges in their home state to exercise those rights in any other state that also has concealed carry laws . The legislation is also cosponsored by U.S. Sens . Thune ( R-SD ) , Vitter ( R-LA ) , Graham ( R-SC ) , Boozman ( R-AR ) , Inhofe ( R-OK ) , Crapo ( R-ID ) , Burr ( R-NC ) , Cochran ( R-MS ) , Johanns ( R-NE ) , Enzi ( R-WY ) , Moran ( R-KS ) , and Roberts ( R-KS ) .
`` I am a firm believer in the Second Amendment and remain committed to protecting the rights of law-abiding gun owners . This bill will allow the nearly 250,000 Ohioans with concealed carry privileges to exercise that privilege in other states that allow concealed carry . ''
The Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2014 would treat state-issued concealed-carry permits like drivers ' licenses , allowing law-abiding citizens with concealed carry privileges to concealed-carry in any other states that also permit it by law .
Following is the post Sen. Portman shared about this news on their Facebook page .
Tonight 's the night that jabber king Jonathan Ross makes their proud return to the chat show world , bringing their new , self-titled show to ITV1 , the UK 's leading commercial channel . Their first night guests are Lewis Hamilton , Sarah Jessica Parker and Adele Adkins .
In case the surname has confused you , this is the same Adele as you 'll be hearing , seemingly on repeat , playing in every shopping mall across the English speaking world right now , the pop star who goes – as pop stars are wont to – by only a first name .
The Ross show was recorded on Thursday night , and it seems every newspaper in the UK had somebody in attendance to report . One exchange between Adkins and Ross is of particular interest to us here at Bleeding Cool .
Here 's how it seems to have gone down :
Adele : I 'm going back in the studio in November . Fingers crossed Wossy : Are you preparing for that now ? Adele : Well , this is actually a theme , what I 've got to do . Wow , that 's really giving something away . Wossy : A theme ? [ Hums Monty Norman 's Bond theme ]
Adele : It 's a concept . One song .
So , there we have it . They 're trying out a possible theme tune for Bond 23 with Adele . And like others approached to contribute to the film 's music , they seem quite loose lipped – so I at leasy know where to look for more info closer to the time .
I think Adele is a good choice . They can certainly sing . Only Gaga or Beyonce sound like similarly viable candidates , when you take all of the hype and razzmatazz requirements of a Bond theme into consideration . If you 've somehow never heard their sing , here 's their cover version of Bob Dylan 's Make You Feel My Love . It 's rather beautiful .
[ youtube ] http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0put0_a–Ng [ /youtube ]
It always seemed a no-brainer to me that they 'd have Amy Winehouse do a Bond theme but , well , unfortunately , that 's not going to happen now . At least not unless Mark Ronson has some old tapes hidden up their sleeve… they did apparently work on some demos for a Quantum of Solace theme…
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Want to Lose Weight Without Exercise ?
Well I can tell you from my own experience that one of the fastest and most effective ways to do that is to eliminate grains .
Now I 'm sure some of you might be thinking…
What do you mean eliminate grains ? You mean I ca n't eat any bread , pasta , cereal ? Come on that 's crazy !
Take it easy . When I say eliminate I 'm not saying you have to eliminate them forever , well at least not right now .
Baby steps .
Just start by eliminating grains from 1 meal for let 's say 5 days in a row .
See how you feel and how you look . I 'm sure you will feel and look better .
When you 're ready you can begin to elminate grains from additional meals throughout the day .
I 'll be providing some examples of “ grain free ” meals down the road but for now let 's take a look at why this works .
Why does eliminating grains help you lose weight ?
Grains like Bread , Pasta , Bagels and Cereal are full of carbohydrates . When we consume carbs our bodies will immediately use some of the carbs for fuel and then store the rest for fuel later on . These stored carbs are called glycogen .
Here 's where it gets interesting – for every gram of glycogen that our bodies store we store an additional 2-4 grams of water .
So when we eat more carbs than what our bodies need to use immediately , we store the extra carbs AND a whole bunch of water !
Therefore by eliminating the grains you eliminate a whole bunch of water weight that you do n't need to be lugging around .
A great “ not too scientific ” explanation can be found in this article “ Understanding Bodyweight and Glycogen Depletion ” by Justin Owings .
But do n't I need carbs for energy ?
You may be thinking that you need all those carbs that you consume every day but contrary to popular belief , our bodies do n't need a ton of carbs to operate efficiently and we get enough from much healthier options like vegetables and fruits .
As many low carb and Peleo dieters will tell you , cutting grains ( stuff like bread , cereal , pasta etc . ) from our diet not only makes us look better but also feel better .
You just do n't get that super tired feeling after you eat or as I like to call it the “ food coma ” and you do n't get any bloated feeling . Ever eat a few pieces of pizza and then a half hour later feel like your stomach was going to explode ? That 's the bloated feeling .
When you cut the grains and eat whole “ real ” foods , you feel full and satisfied but not bloated and have the same energy level as you did before you ate . No energy crash . That really helps make the afternoons at work a lot more productive .
Even if a Low Carb or Paleo diet seems a little too hard core to try out right now you will still see some great improvements in weight loss if you just cut out some of the grains that you eat on a regular basis .
So what are some simple ways to eliminate grains from meals ?
A . Breakfast
If you normally eat : Cereal , Oatmeal , a Bagel or Toast
Eat This Instead : Protein Shake or Eggs ( Scrambled , Hard Boiled , Poached , Fried or Omellette )
B . Lunch
If you normally eat : A Sandwich , Burger , Pizza , Pasta , Hoagie ( Hero/Grinder )
Eat This Instead : A salad with some protein ( like chicken , hard boiled eggs , beef or a fish like salmon ) and some healthy fats like avocado , olive oil and vinegar or coconut oil .
C. Dinner
If you normall eat : Pizza , Pasta , Sandwich , Hoagie ( Here/Grinder )
Eat This Instead : Grilled or Baked Chicken , Steak , Pork , Fish with steamed vegetables and Rice or a Sweet Potato
Another way to look at is tried to eat some type of protein ( beef , pork , fish , eggs , chicken , turkey ) with some vegetables ( broccoli , carrots , lettuce , cucumbers etc . ) at every meal . Fruit is n't bad but make sure you 're also getting your protein and vegetables .
Just start with one meal . Focus on sticking to this plan for one meal for five days in a row and then do what you normally do for the other meals and do n't worry about doing it at all for the other 2 days .
Here 's an example of how you can plan this out to make it a little easier .
GF Meal What I Will Eat Monday Breakfast Scrambled Eggs & Bacon Tuesday Breakfast Protein Shake Wednesday Dinner Grilled Steak with Steamed Broccoli Thursday Lunch Salad with Grilled Chicken Friday Lunch Salad with 2-3 Hard Boiled Eggs Saturday N/A Have grains if you want Sunday N/A Have grains if you want
If you like that spreadsheet you can download it free right here Grain Free Meal Planner
Seriously , try this for a week and you will be amazed at how much weight you will lose around your waist and how much better you feel .
Instead of building a new majority , the Democrats have set off a distrust insurrection ( which is not the same as a conservative insurrection ) . Republicans are enraged . Independents are furious . Democrats are disheartened . Health care reform is brutally unpopular . Even voters in Massachusetts decided it was time to send a message .
Photo
The Democrats now have four bad options . The first is what you might call the Heedless and Arrogant Approach . A clear majority of Americans are against the Congressional health care reform plan . Democrats could say : We know this is unpopular , but we think it is good policy and we are going to ram it through and you voters can judge us by the results .
The second route is what you might call the Weak and Feckless Approach . Democrats could say : We have received and respect the message voters are sending . We are not going to shove the biggest social transformation in a generation down the throats of a country that has judged and rejected it . We are not going to concentrate immense new powers in a Washington the country detests .
Instead , we will regroup and reorganize . Perhaps we will try incremental reforms . Perhaps we will use federal money to support a series of state reform efforts — like the one in Massachusetts — which are closer to the people . ( In 2007 , Russ Feingold , a Democrat , and Lindsey Graham , a Republican , co-sponsored the State-Based Health Care Reform Act to spark this kind of local experimentation . )
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The third approach is the Dangerous and Demagogic Approach . This begins with the presumption that what Americans really want is a bunch of pseudopopulists to tell them they can have everything for free . This would mean stripping the health bills of anything that might be unpopular — like Medicare cuts and tax increases — and passing the rest regardless of the cost .
The fourth approach is the Incoherent and Internecine Approach . This would involve settling on no coherent policy but just blaming each other for cowardice and stupidity for the next month . Liberals , who make up 20 percent of the country , could complain because they did n't get their version of reform . The Senate and the House could bash each other . The intelligentsia could bash the public .
Right now , Incoherent and Internecine is winning , but the hard choice is between the first two approaches . Galston , ironically , now supports Heedless and Arrogant . It was a mistake to rush into health care , they believe , but now that the party is down the road it would be suicided to turn back . Democrats should stand for what they believe in . If the policy works , then public trust will follow .
I support the Weak and Feckless Approach . Trust is based on mutual respect and reciprocity . If , at this moment of rage and cynicism , the ruling class goes even further and snubs popular opinion , then that will set off an ugly , destructive , and yet fully justified popular rebellion . Trust in government will be irrevocably broken . It will decimate policy-making for a generation .
These are the choices ahead . Have a nice day .
This article is over 4 years old
Javier Hernández is unsure whether they will remain at Manchester United next year , but Atlético Madrid are willing to offer the Mexican an escape route from Old Trafford should they decide to leave .
Hernández flew out to the United States to join the club 's pre-season tour but they have so far made only two brief substitute appearances .
Even though the new manager , Louis van Gaal , prefers to play with two strikers , Hernández still faces stiff competition from Robin van Persie , Wayne Rooney , Danny Welbeck and Wilfried Zaha for a first-team place .
After United 's penalty shootout win over Inter Milan on Tuesday night , Hernández was asked if they saw their future at Old Trafford .
“ The future , only god knows , ” they said .
When pressed on their limited match time under Van Gaal , the striker responded : “ There is competition here and I will continue to work hard as I always do . ”
Hernández was an instant hit at United after their surprise move from their home-town club Guadalajara in 2011 .
But the signing of Van Persie and the emergence of Welbeck has caused the Mexican to start just 15 Premier Leagues games in the last two seasons .
Van Gaal was asked after the friendly win in Washington whether they would consider selling Hernández .
They replied : “ That I can not answer because they are a player of Manchester United at this moment . ”
The latter part of the answer seemed to suggest Hernandez could be on their way out of United and there are plenty of interested parties , chief among them Atlético .
The Spanish champions have already brought in the forwards Mario Mandzukic and Antoine Griezmann this summer to compensate for the departures of Diego Costa , David Villa and Adrián López , but Diego Simeone revealed they are still looking for an extra forward .
The Atlético coach thinks Hernández would be an asset for their side .
“ He 's a vertical player , he 's great in one-on-one situations and he 's someone who could be useful to any team , ” the Atlético coach told a press conference in Mexico , before their team 's pre-season friendly with Club América .
“ We are speaking to the sporting directors about the type of player we want and then it 's up to them to bring the player in . With Javier Hernández and lots of other great players , anything is possible . We ca n't close any door until the transfer window shuts . ”
Internazionale are also reported to be interested in Hernández 's signature .
Their defender Nemanja Vidic , who played alongside Hernández at Old Trafford for three years , appears open to the idea of ‘ Chicharito ' coming to Inter .
“ He is a great player , ” Vidic said after Tuesday 's game , which went to penalties after a goalless stalemate over 90 minutes .
“ He is a Manchester United player but they can play in any team . They are a great professional . That is all I can say . ”
Barack Obama understands the urgency of the problems as well as anyone in the country and is committed to solving them in a balanced way . Read the full endorsement .
A roundup of the Post editorial board 's picks for November 6 , including Virginia 's and Maryland 's Senate and House races , Maryland 's referenda , and the D.C. Council race
MARYLAND 'S 6TH Congressional District , for years a Republican stronghold anchored by the state 's conservative far west , is suddenly the scene of a competitive race this fall , owing to a gerrymandered electoral map redrawn by Democrats in Annapolis .
The threat to the Republican incumbent , 86-year-old Roscoe Bartlett , who has represented the district for 20 years , is two-fold . First , the new boundaries encompass a chunk of western and northern Montgomery County , including Potomac , Gaithersburg , Germantown and Clarksburg , meaning an infusion of Democratic voters . Second , in open defiance of party chieftains who 'd set the table for an insider , Democratic primary voters instead opted for John K. Delaney , a wealthy financier , to run against Mr. Bartlett .
As it happens , Mr. Delaney is an excellent candidate — shrewd , smart , hardworking and independent . They would be a standout representative for the 6th District and a marked improvement on Mr. Bartlett . We endorse Mr. Delaney .
In their 10 terms in office , the folksy Mr. Bartlett has not been the most dogmatic Republican on Capitol Hill . They were a relatively early champion of cutting America 's reliance on oil , rightly thinking it unsustainable . They opposed the detention of foreign fighters and terrorists at Guantanamo , based on the damage to America 's global image .
Yet on the fiscal and budgetary issues that have paralyzed Washington , Mr. Bartlett has marched in lockstep with their party 's most doctrinaire elements . They have been a champion of the tea party , refusing to raise taxes under any circumstances , opposing Obamacare and stimulus spending to jump-start the economy .
Their opposition to public spending is often half-baked , as when they warned recently that it was a slippery slope from government-backed student loans to the Holocaust . They apologized , but it is just the sort of rhetoric , and thinking , that has made compromise so impossible in Congress .
They have been no more flexible on social issues , opposing same-sex marriage , sponsoring legislation that would outlaw abortion by defining “ personhood ” as beginning at conception , and opposing realistic reform of the nation 's broken immigration system .
By contrast , Mr. Delaney , an electrician 's son who has made a fortune in financial services , is a serious , business-minded pragmatist with a deep and broad understanding of the private sector , banking and job generation . That expertise , relatively rare for a Democrat , coupled with their experience as an executive , would give Mr. Delaney status and independence in Congress from the get-go .
Mr. Delaney is pro-choice . They favor marriage equality and the Dream Act , which would confer legal status on the children of undocumented immigrants who were brought to America at an early age . Also unlike Mr. Bartlett , they favor a balanced combination of fiscal reform — including higher taxes of capital gains — and spending cuts , including to entitlements , to tame the deficit .
Mr. Delaney is a newcomer to politics , but they are exceptionally well-versed in domestic issues . Moreover , they have the problem-solving skills to be an unusually effective member of congress . Mr. Bartlett , after 20 years , is something very different : an ideologue who has become a part of the problem in Washington and in Congress .
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. -- New York Giants starting left guard Justin Pugh had a setback with their injured right knee this week and has been shut down .
Pugh practiced Wednesday in a limited capacity but was kept out of Thursday 's workout and has been listed as out for Sunday 's game against the Cleveland Browns .
It will be the third straight game that Pugh has missed with a sprained MCL in their right knee .
`` He got sore . They had a little setback , '' Giants coach Ben McAdoo said . `` We 'll wait to see where they are next week . ''
Pugh was originally expected to be sidelined two to four weeks with the injury . Next week 's game against the Pittsburgh Steelers always appeared to be the realistic target for their return .
The Giants will re-evaluate Pugh early next week , with the Steelers and then the Dallas Cowboys on the horizon and first place in the NFC East potentially at stake .
In the meantime , the Giants will start their fourth left guard in four weeks , with Adam Gettis getting the call against the Browns . Pugh , Brett Jones ( calf ) and Marshall Newhouse ( knee ) already have been ruled out .
Bodyguards escorted Univison 's Jorge Ramos out of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's news conference Aug. 25 . After guards let the reporter back in , they went back and forth with Trump about their immigration plan . ( MSNBC/Asya Akça , Radio Iowa )
Bodyguards escorted Univison 's Jorge Ramos out of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's news conference Aug. 25 . After guards let the reporter back in , they went back and forth with Trump about their immigration plan . ( MSNBC/Asya Akça , Radio Iowa )
To anyone who thought Donald Trump might soften their tone after a new round of criticism of their presidential campaign , the Republican front-runner proved here Tuesday night that they will not be tamed .
Trump booted the nation 's top Latino newsman out of their press conference , but moments later they let Univision 's Jorge Ramos reclaim their seat in the front row and the two men sparred passionately about illegal immigration .
Next , Trump added to their enemies list . They refused to apologize to Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly , whom they ridiculed anew on Twitter Monday night . They launched fresh attacks against Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida . And they sprinkled spicy slams on former Florida governor Jeb Bush throughout their speech at a rollicking rally .
To top it off , Trump went after the entire political class in Trumpian fashion , saying they want to outlaw Teleprompters ( one of their best applause lines of the night ) and asserting that as soon as politicians get to Washington , they become “ impotent . ”
“ They look at these beautiful buildings , these beautiful halls and all of a sudden they become impotent , ” Trump said , as the crowd laughed . “ Is that an appropriate word ? I think so . ”
Trump 's lively visit to Dubuque , where they rallied an estimated 3,500 supporters inside a convention hall on the banks of the Mississippi River , comes as they expand their campaign in Iowa and other key states .
Trump appeared on stage with Sam Clovis , a prominent Iowa conservative activist who had been former Texas governor Rick Perry 's state chairperson but abruptly defected from Perry 's camp because of fundraising troubles . Trump poached Clovis and named them a national co-chairperson and policy adviser . Trump 's top Iowa strategist , veteran organizer Chuck Laudner , is a friend of Clovis and had been courting Clovis for weeks .
Trump also announced five additional staffers in several early-voting states , including Charles Munoz as their Nevada state director . In South Carolina , Nancy Mace , the first female graduate of the Citadel , is now Trump 's state coalitions director , while James Epley is their upstate regional director . They announced hires in New Hampshire as well .
Trump , who is leading GOP polls nationally , said in an interview that they are determined to expand their campaign in the coming weeks , moving from a small circle of aides to a national grass-roots operation that they hope will sustain the momentum they have built this summer with raucous speeches and seemingly nonstop appearances on television talk shows .
“ They said I would n't run . They said I would not file the papers . They said I did n't have a campaign , ” Trump said , with a hint of exasperation . “ Well , I did — and I do . ”
Two minutes into Trump 's news conference here on Tuesday , the candidate had a tense exchange with Ramos , one of the country 's most recognizable Mexican-Americans .
Ramos stood up in the front row of journalists to ask Trump about their plan to combat illegal immigration . But Trump did not want to answer .
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos Businessman Donald Trump has become the Republican Party 's presumptive nominee for president . Caption Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party 's convention in Cleveland . Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at Trump Doral golf course in Miami . Carlo Allegri/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
“ Excuse me , ” Trump said . “ Sit down . You were n't called . Sit down . ”
Ramos , holding a piece of paper , calmly said , “ I 'm a reporter , an immigrant , a senior citizen . I have the right to ask a question . ”
Trump interrupted him . “ Go back to Univision , ” they said . Then Trump motioned to one of their bodyguards , who walked across the room and physically removed Ramos from the room .
The ejection lit up social media . Reporters asked Trump why they removed Ramos . At first , they accused Ramos of violating their news conference protocol . “ He stood up and started screaming , ” Trump said of Ramos . “ He 's obviously a very emotional person . ”
But moments later , Ramos returned to their seat in the front row — and Trump called on him . For five minutes , they tangled over immigration policy , an issue on which both men have passionately different views .
“ Here 's the problem with your immigration plan , ” Ramos said . “ It 's full of empty promises . ”
Ramos pointed out it would be unconstitutional to deny citizenship to what Trump calls “ anchor babies , ” children born in the United States to undocumented immigrants . Trump disagreed , saying it could be done as an act of Congress and that some legal scholars argue the 14th Amendment should be changed .
“ A woman 's getting ready to have a baby , ” Trump said . “ She crosses the border for one day , has the baby , all of a sudden for the next 80 years — we have to take care of ” the child .
The next question from Ramos : How do you build a 1,900-mile wall across the U.S. border with Mexico ?
“ It 's very easy , ” Trump said . “ I 'm a builder . . .What 's more complicated is building a building that 's 95 stories tall . ”
The questioning continued . At one point , Trump said , “ I ca n't deal with this. ” A Trump aide interrupted and told Ramos , “ Is there one question — one question ? ”
Yet Trump let the questioning continue , seemingly determined to prove their case . “ I have a bigger heart than you do , ” they told Ramos . “ We 're going to do [ deportations ] in a very humane fashion . ”
Trump went on to assert that gang members in Baltimore , St. Louis and other cities are illegal immigrants .
“ Listen , we have tremendous crime , ” they told Ramos . “ We have some very bad ones . Do you mind if I send them back to Mexico ? ”
Ramos replied , “ No human being is illegal , Mr. Trump . ”
The candidate 's response : “ Well , when they cross the border , from a legal standpoint , they 're illegal immigrants when they do n't have their papers . ”
When Ramos pressed Trump on polls showing their unpopularity with Latinos , Trump would not accept the premise and turned the question on him : “ How much am I suing Univision for right now ? Do you know the number ? I know you 're part of the lawsuit . ”
“ I 'm a reporter , ” Ramos said .
“ Five hundred million dollars , ” Trump replied . “ And they 're very concerned about it , by the way . I 'm very good at this . ”
Costa reported from Washington .
via press release :
HBO RENEWS TOGETHERNESS FOR SECOND SEASON
The half-hour comedy is set to begin production on its second season this year in Los Angeles for debut in 2016 .
Logline :
TOGETHERNESS follows two couples living under one roof on the fringes of Los Angeles . Brett and Michelle are struggling to rekindle the spark in their relationship , which has puttered out from the stresses of marriage and children . When Brett 's friend Alex and Michelle 's sister , Tina , move in with them , the foursome engage in a tragically comedic struggle to follow their personal dreams , while still remaining good friends , siblings and spouses to each other .
Quote from Jay and Mark Duplass :
“ We began our love affair with HBO in our parents ' living room in 1983 , and to have these brilliant creative people put a ring on our fingers with a second season of TOGETHERNESS is a real-life dream come true . ”
Season One Credits :
Jay Duplass – writer , co-creator , executive producer , director
Mark Duplass – writer , co-creator , executive producer , director , star
Stephanie Langhoff – co-executive producer
Steve Zissis – co-creator , consulting producer , star
Aida Rodger – line producer
Amanda Lasher – consulting producer
Caroline Williams – consulting producer
Season One Cast Regulars :
Mark Duplass as Brett Pierson
Melanie Lynskey as Michelle Pierson
Amanda Peet as Tina Morris
Steve Zissis as Alex Pappas
Working past midnight on the final day of session , legislators approved a bill to bring lawful concealed carry to Georgia 's public colleges and universities .
The measure , HB 280 , would amend Georgia law to drop some gun free zones on postsecondary campuses . It was approved by the House last month and sent back by the Senate this week with changes that had to be worked out Thursday in committee conference . The proposal now heads to Republican Gov . Nathan Deal who vetoed a similar bill in 2016 .
Republican House Speaker David Ralston argued Thursday that , while the current bill was not as much of a reform as some would like , it still strengthens Second Amendment protections for Georgians .
“ You do n't all the time score a touchdown on a play . I thought we got a first down at least , ” Ralston said .
The language of the current bill is watered down when compared to last year 's effort , which reportedly could see more favorable action from Deal this year .
The final measure approved in conference committee would prohibit people from carrying guns into campus housing including fraternity and sorority houses , athletic events , and campus pre-schools . It would also block off areas used during disciplinary meetings and classes where high school students are in a dual enrollment program .
Finally , the bill includes a special fine system for violations of the act , which is set at $ 25 with no provision for jail time .
Gun control groups are calling for Deal to reject the measure , citing public safety concerns .
Deal , in their final term in office , has 40 days to veto , sign or allow the measure to simply become law without their signature .
A recent article in The Northerner , of Northern Kentucky University ( NKU ) , reports that an art display has been moved from its place in an NKU library after administrators received complaints over its depiction of a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
More specifically , the work is an award-winning triptych of images by NKU professor Hanz Schellhas titled “ First Class , Second Class , ” which the professor created during their days as a student at NKU as a critique of modern race relations . An NKU website describes the motivation and methodology of the piece :
Based on their own experience working for social justice in Cincinnati , Schellhas depicted a Klansman whose large portrait in the center of the triptych was created entirely with ink applied by rubber stamps with the words “ FIRST CLASS. ” Flanking the Klansman on either side were smaller portraits of non-Klan protestors whose inked images were created with “ second class ” stamps .
The Northerner further notes that “ Schellhas said they created the trio of images after witnessing how Cincinnati Police handled race riots in 2003 . The riots began after two black men died within 24 hours of each other while in police custody . ”
Here is the piece in the context in which it was displayed :
Despite the message of the piece , the artwork 's central image prompted complaints from visitors to NKU 's Steely Library that the artwork implied support of the Ku Klux Klan , even with Schellhas ' statement hanging next to it . The library responded by removing the artwork from its prominent location . Library provost Arne Almquist says that “ [ w ] e 're regrouping and trying to determine how to best display it to put it in context , ” though I do n't quite know how much more “ context ” they could give it . Currently , according to The Northerner , “ [ t ] he art has been moved to the Steely Library 's archives , where it can be viewed by request . ”
A couple of observations here : First , Almquist maintains that no one 's free speech rights have been violated by this decision , and they are most likely right . The article notes that “ First Class , Second Class ” was acquired from Schellhas by NKU and , as the owner of the work , NKU is free to display ( or not display ) the piece as it chooses , however misguided and misinformed the sentiments going into such a decision may be . This separates this instance somewhat from FIRE 's ongoing case at Gainesville State College in Georgia , where administrators removed professor Stanley Bermudez 's painting “ Heritage ? ” , which features two KKK members superimposed onto a confederate flag ( below ) and is a statement by Bermudez on their complicated relationship with the flag as a southern Hispanic . After complaints were received from outside the university over the painting 's critical message , GSC President Martha Nesbitt removed the painting from its place in a faculty art show . FIRE still awaits an explanation from Nesbitt on their decision to censor Bermudez 's work .
NKU , on the other hand , is free to self-censor its own expression in response to complaints from the community . While I 'm troubled by its decision to do so in this case , I 'm more troubled by the nature of the complaints , and the demonstrated inability or unwillingness of some to make the minimal effort necessary to understand the artwork 's message . It 's hard to believe that the artwork was taken as support of the KKK 's cause when the art was a statement against racism . This incredible hostility to critical thinking is nothing short of alarming .
What 's more , such illogical reactions to depictions of the Klan seem to be endemic to the university community , as anyone who remembers the case of Keith John Sampson at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis ( IUPUI ) will know . In that case , the IUPUI student-employee was found guilty of racial harassment simply for reading Todd Tucker 's book Notre Dame vs. the Klan : How the Fighting Irish Defeated the Ku Klux Klan during their work breaks . This decision was reached by IUPUI 's Affirmative Action Office ( AAO ) solely on the basis of the book 's cover , which features an image of several Klan members in their trademark white robes and hoods . Sampson was punished even after pointing out the anti-Klan nature of the book , and the fact that it was available in IUPUI 's own library . The AAO could n't have been less interested in this defense , finding Sampson responsible for “ openly reading the book related to a historically and racially abhorrent subject . ”
The irony of this reluctance to allow portrayals of the Klan in any context to enter the marketplace of ideas is that nothing has been better for defeating the Klan 's message than ensuring its ability to be expressed in the open . ( Malcolm Gladwell amusingly described this in The Tipping Point , pointing out how the Klan became the subject of widespread ridicule , and went into decline , after its various manifestos and tracts received mass exposure . ) NKU and other universities who seem to be determined to make it impossible for such a process to take place in the future are terribly shortsighted .
Your favorite internet spaceship television show airs LIVE tomorrow ( Thursday ) on our Twitch channel and we ca n't wait to see you in chat !
A lot of great things have happened in and around EVE lately so there 's plenty to talk about . In this last episode of the year we 'll take a look at what our wonderful community is up to these days , We´ll premiere a developer spotlight on our trailer team - fresh off the release of 'This is EVE ' , we 'll talk with CCP Mankiller and CCP Nullarbor about Rhea and , last but not least , we 'll sit down with Executive Producer CCP Seagull and Lead Game Designer CCP Scarpia to round things off .
Community Manager CCP Falcon will also be in Twitch Chat wearing their Santa hat and looking for a few lucky people who have room in their hangar for a Quafe Megathron because they have too many lying around .
See you !
o7
You 'd think Shannon Watts , a supposed advocate for victims of ‘ gun violence ' would be INFURIATED about the Kate Steinle verdict and how little justice Kate or their family will actually receive after they were shot by an illegal immigrant with an illegal firearm .
Think again .
Them reaction is classic Watts :
The best way to honor # KateSteinle and protect the hundreds of Americans who are shot and killed or injured every day in America is to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people . Why are we more upset that they were shot by an immigrant than that they were shot and killed ? ? ? — Shannon Watts ( @ shannonrwatts ) December 1 , 2017
Ahem . Shannon . Americans are upset about the gunman because they should never have been in this country in the first place . They were deported FIVE DAMN TIMES , and people 's anger is about the immigration system that failed Kate and thousands of others .
I do n't know Shannon maybe because the illegal immigrant was deported 5 times and has 7 felonies . It 's a serious problem the left chooses to ignore and now an innocent American is dead because of it . — Kabrona ( @ KILLERBEE_14 ) December 1 , 2017
Do n't even , lady ! This killer should not have been here in the first place ! — kiddycat456 ( @ kiddycat456 ) December 1 , 2017
But of course , it 's the GUN 'S FAULT .
Why is that worse than being killed by a domestic abuser , or a criminal , or any dangerous American with a gun ? — Shannon Watts ( @ shannonrwatts ) December 1 , 2017
We ca n't tell if she 's being deliberately obtuse or if she 's just really not all that bright .
Maybe a little of both .
With all due respect , please just take the night off . The gun was STOLEN . It was STOLEN . Stolen by someone who should never have been here ! What does this have to do with gun laws ? ? ? ? — Justin T. Haskins ( @ JustinTHaskins ) December 1 , 2017
No gun law would have stopped Jose Ines Garcia Zarate from having the gun , but a stronger immigration system ( that is actually ENFORCED ) may have stopped them from being in this country .
Horrifically , stolen guns kill Americans every day : https : //t.co/EtlOfh3vMc … . Those victims do n't trend . Let 's mourn Katie because she 's yet another American victim of gun violence – not because they were shot by an undocumented immigrant . One is compassion , one is racism . https : //t.co/AmI6M9VqxD — Shannon Watts ( @ shannonrwatts ) December 1 , 2017
Being angry that they were killed by someone who was already BREAKING THE LAW by being here is n't racist . Illegal immigrants are n't just one skin tone , Shannon , and pretending otherwise is well … racist .
Shannon , the CRIMINAL who shot them should never have been here . I 'm not a racist . I 'm married to a freaking minority ! The point is that this IS about illegal immigration . It is n't about gun control laws . Wake the hell up . — Justin T. Haskins ( @ JustinTHaskins ) December 1 , 2017
The only point Shannon has is the tip of their head .
Um… I 'm sure your spouse loves the endearing term `` freaking minority . '' How many undocumented immigrants kill Americans versus how many Americans kill Americans ? I 'll wait… https : //t.co/LH1zeS44EP — Shannon Watts ( @ shannonrwatts ) December 1 , 2017
EL OH EL . Notice how they try not only to make Justin out to be a racist but a sexist as well .
Just looked at my timeline and Justin is very very mad . pic.twitter.com/pTDOdU3ILb — Shannon Watts ( @ shannonrwatts ) December 1 , 2017
Gon na go ahead and bet that they blocked Justin .
It 's what they do .
Related :
Awful : Dan Bongino lays out MADDENING ‘ mockery of justice ' timeline in Kate Steinle death
FRESNO , Calif. — FIFTY years ago today , on March 15 , 1965 , President Lyndon B. Johnson announced plans to submit a new voting rights bill before a joint session of Congress . Their speech came after several weeks of violence in and around Selma , Ala. , that had taken the lives of two civil rights activists and left dozens of others bloodied . Seventy million Americans watched on television as Johnson , a Texas Democrat who had supported segregationist policies early in their career , proclaimed racial discrimination not a “ Negro problem ” but “ an American problem. ” It is not , they said , “ just Negroes , but really it is all of us , who must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice. ” Then , after a pause , they added , “ And we shall overcome . ”
Few Americans could have missed the significance of these four words . Since the early 1960s , “ We Shall Overcome ” had served as the unofficial anthem of the civil rights movement . Protesters sang the song during the 1963 March on Washington , the 1964 Mississippi Freedom Summer campaign and the demonstrations in Selma . As the Rev . Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. watched the broadcast in a Selma living room , a tear ran down their cheek .
And yet encapsulated in this famous song is a story that escaped many Americans then , and that continues to escape many today , one that should not be lost as we commemorate the golden era of the civil rights movement .
“ We Shall Overcome ” has roots in the antebellum period , when slaves sang “ No More Auction Block , ” a spiritual with a similar message and tune . By the late 19th century , black churchgoers across the South embraced “ I 'll Be All Right , ” a song almost identical in rhythm and melody to the civil rights anthem . And in 1900 a black Methodist minister , Charles Albert Tindley , published a hymn titled “ I 'll Overcome Some Day , ” which included the line , “ If in my heart , I do not yield , I 'll o-vercome some day . ”
TRIBECA , Manhattan —Multiple law enforcement sources say the New York incident is being investigated as terrorism . Separately , four law enforcement sources said witnesses reported the suspect was yelling Allahu Akbar .
One law enforcement source said the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force is taking over the lead of the investigation .
The driver exited the vehicle with what appeared to be a gun and was shot by police , the sources added . The individual is in police custody and is being taken to the hospital for treatment .
As many as six people are dead , according to two senior law enforcement sources on the scene , They added that it appears to be deliberate act .
No others are being sought , the NYPD said . Police said to expect “ many emergency personnel ” in the area of Chambers Street and West Street on the lower west side of Manhattan .
The source said police are considering terrorism as part of the investigation .
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio and New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo both said they are heading to the scene .
News footage showed crowds of spectators — some capturing the scene with cellphone cameras — gathered behind police lines . A white Home Depot truck with the front end smashed in was also visible .
Parts of several mangled bicycles littered the popular bike path along the West Side Highway and the Hudson River , as medics tended to the wounded in the background .
“ What I saw was that the driver — they did n't look like they were bleeding , ” said Ramon Cruz , a witness . “ He was dragging their foot . They look frustrated , panicked , confused . People are running past me , saying , ‘ He 's got a gun . He 's got a gun. ” I did n't see any gun .
It was a white pickup truck . They looked pretty bad without bleeding or anything like that . I did n't see them hit anybody . All I heard was the impact of a crash . ”
Tuesday afternoon on Twitter , a user posted an image of a person lying on the ground near the scene of an incident near West & Chambers Streets in Manhattan .
Odd Future singer Frank Ocean is now a new reason for fans to grab Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online . A new update has the crooner 's signature sound in the must-own Rockstar Games release .
According to reports , a new free update now allows players to listen to Ocean 's music on in-game radio station Los Santos 97.8 FM .
The station will include general chat and Ocean-curated tracks spanning damn near every possible genre , including some choice Ocean cuts . The exclusive station will be available on both Grand Theft Auto V and GTA online and features co-hosts Vegyn , Fed , and Roof Access . The Tumblr-teased blonded Los Santos 97.8 FM boasts tracks from Lil Uzi Vert , Migos , Schoolboy Q , Panda Bear , Marvin Gaye , Jay-Z , Aphex Twin , Burial , Future , JME , Les Ya Toupas Du Zaire , and many more . In other words , Fuck Yeah to all of this . ( Complex )
# FrankOcean via Tumblr ( frankocean.tumblr.com ) A post shared by Frank Ocean Italy ( @ frankoceanitaly ) on Dec 12 , 2017 at 1:40am PST
In addition to the revamped station , Grand Theft Auto Online has also released its highly-anticipated Doomsday Heist update .
THE DOOMSDAY HEIST is now available to play The risks are colossal , the enemies all but unstoppable… Assemble your crew for the biggest # GTAOnline adventure yet . A post shared by Rockstar Games ( @ rockstargames ) on Dec 12 , 2017 at 6:18am PST
Asked why they do n't just sit down with congressional leaders until a sequestration deal is reached , President Obama said Friday that they ca n't lock lawmakers in a room .
“ I am not a dictator , I 'm the President , ” Obama said . “ So , ultimately , if Mitch McConnell or John Boehner say , we need to go to catch a plane , I ca n't have Secret Service block the doorway . ”
Obama added : “ I know that this has been some of the conventional wisdom that 's been floating around Washington that somehow , even though most people agree that I 'm being reasonable , that most people agree I 'm presenting a fair deal . The fact that they do n't take it means that I should somehow , you know , do a Jedi mindmeld with these folks and convince them to do what 's right . Well , you know , they 're elected . We have a constitutional system of government . ”
Hootsuite salutes the people behind the major campaigns , big events and championship games—the Social MVPs who create golden social media moments for their brands ' followers and fans .
We know the painstaking preparation that goes into running a social media campaign . With that in mind , we created the # SocialGameDay series as a tribute to the community managers , social media specialists and digital strategists crushing it from kickoff to the final whistle .
We 're releasing a series of interviews with social media teams along with tactical best practices to help you and your team succeed before , during and after your # SocialGameDay . Check out more stories here .
The pro football season may have just ended in the US , but the 2015 Australian Football League is in full swing . Just like the NFL , the Australian Football League , or AFL , is a hotly contested contact sport played by some of the most highly tuned athletes in the country .
For those who have not seen a game of AFL , imagine an NFL game where all players are expected to jump , kick and pass the ball while being under constant threat of being tackled . Tackles can come from any direction and , in Australia , AFL players do n't wear pads…
Last weekend , in Australia , we got to witness one of the most anticipated games of the season featuring one of the biggest rivalries in the league : the cross-town showdown between the Adelaide Crows and the Port Adelaide Power . These games , now referred to as Showdowns ( this week will be Showdown XXXVIII ) , are always spectacular experiences , and this game was no exception .
Both are teams with strong and proud histories—so strong , in fact , that once fans have declared for one they have chosen their clan for life . These divisions run deep : on the day of a Showdown , even my Port-supporting wife wo n't speak to me just because I am a Crow .
Unluckily for me , Port Adelaide won by 24 points in a thrilling game , but they did n't win every competition that day . Online it was the Crows that dominated , with the Crows hashtag # WeFlyAsOne achieved over 250,000 impressions , while Port 's # WeArePortAdelaide at just over 100,000 impressions—a resounding victory for the in the Twittersphere as a consolation prize .
These numbers are typical of two of the league 's strongest online followings and both continue smash social media in 2015 . The Adelaide Crows lead the league in tweets per day since joining the platform , with an average of more than 14 tweets per day while Port Adelaide have the fastest growing Twitter following in the league , growing their twitter followers by 11 % in the most recent off-season .
These stats are achieved on staff and resource levels that are dwarfed by the North American franchise equivalents . What the Seattle Seahawks do on game day with seven people , the Adelaide Crows do with two .
In the lead up to Showdown XXXVIII , I took a look at how the social teams for these two iconic clubs match up , and spoke to Digital and Communications Manager for the Adelaide Crows , David Burtenshaw .
Adelaide Crows Port Adelaide Power Twitter Followers @ Adelaide_FC – 56.3K @ PAFC – 44.6K Twitter Follower growth 5.8 % 10.9 % Tweets/day since joining 14.39 ( most in league ) 11.92 Facebook Fans 167.5K 132.8 K YouTube Subscribers 5470 7676 Instagram Followers 35.2K 38.2K Klout 80 68
Twitter stats provided by Michael from Goalsneaker . Follow them on Twitter for more amazing stats .
The social media activities and strategies of teams in the AFL are still developing , and while they aspire to the coverage and quality of the North American franchises , many teams find that they have to do more with less . This has led to a focussing of the social media strategy to leverage the greatest results for each platform .
“ Social media became an ‘ add on ' for our Communications team about six years ago , and at the moment most of the load is shared by two of us , ” explained David . “ The official website is our main priority , but social media is certainly taking up more of our time , especially outside business hours and on match day . ”
For many teams , the focus remains largely on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube , with newer platforms like Instagram receiving more attention as clubs free up more resources for social activity . While the bigger platforms are the focus , David explains that there is room for experimentation : “ We 've tried to lift our game on Instagram in the past few months and this season we 've started to use Snapchat on game day . ”
The Instagram experiment has been a success so far , and the strategy seems to use the platform to give fans exclusive behind the scenes access to the players and the club . The club is also very encouraging of the social media activity of its players , which , in turn , gives fans even more insight into the team .
Thanks to all our awesome Junior Members who attended our coaching clinic tonight . Hope that fist did n't connect @ patrickdangerfield ! # roughweek # gotlairdytoo # weflyasone A photo posted by @ adelaide_fc on Apr 21 , 2015 at 2:33am PDT
One of the ways the Adelaide Crows have tried to lift their game in social media this year is to tie a lot of social activity under the hashtag # WeFlyAsOne . “ The club recently launched some new branding around the slogan “ We Fly As One ” so we 've been trying to support that and the fans have certainly picked up on that , ” says Burtenshaw . “ Winning some games at the start of the season also helped drive that . ”
Nathan van Berlo stretches in the rooms . Not long to go now ! # weflyasone # afldogscrows A photo posted by @ adelaide_fc on Apr 25 , 2015 at 11:27pm PDT
The # WeFlyAsOne tag is being used across all social channels as a reminder of the community of Crows fans . It has been really powerful to watch fans unite under a single idea promoting more user content creation .
Managing the social media of a club like the Crows is never easy , says David . “ The first Tweet and Facebook post of game day are usually the first things I do after waking up and it 's a regular flow from then until midnight . Yep , we are crazy ! ”
David normally arrives at the ground a few hours before the game and gets straight to making content : taking pictures for Twitter and Instagram , posting team sheets on Facebook , and shooting short videos .
Predicting what will resonate with fans is not an exact science , but David always has a plan . “ Fans love the exclusive stuff . Breaking news always works , obviously , but behind-the-scenes photos and old photos are always popular . Sometimes it 's just random fun Tweets that take off . ”
Long after the game is finished , the social media team are still generating and planning content . It can be hard managing the social media activity after a loss , but David strives for consistent output , no matter how the team plays . “ There 's still lots of content and information to share . It 's fair to say though that a win makes our week much more enjoyable . ”
This game , as all AFL games these days , was closely followed on social media turning the off-field environment into a information and community management competition which has turned every game day into a # SocialGameDay .
Alex from Wildwood Serigraphs reports on their latest project in conjunction with Robert Crumb , a limited-edition serigraph based on the `` Heroes of the Blues '' card set :
`` Robert and I have decided to take on the Heroes blackText the Blues as our next serigraph edition . Crumb selected 25 cards from the 36 in the Heroes of the Blues card set , and is now creating a new masthead for the edition . These are their personal selections for the print :
'Okay , the new layout for the Heroes of the Blues serigraph print is five by five images . The new order will be as follows :
Top row : Ed Bell , William Moore , Skip James , Clifford Gibson , Blind Willie Johnson
2nd row : Frank Stokes , Blind Lemon Jefferson , Memphis Minnie , Jaybird Coleman , Blind Blake
3rd row : Leroy Carr & Scrapper Blackwell , Peg Leg Howell , Sleepy John Estes , Bo-Weavil Jackson , Sam Collins
4th row : Mississippi John Hurt , Furry Lewis , Son House , Tommy Johnson , Blind Gary Davis
5th row : Blind Willie McTell , Charlie Patton , Buddy Boy Hawkins , Barbecue Bob , Big Bill . '
`` I am now scanning and color-separating each portrait so I can send the black line only for each card to Crumb in France . A considerable amount of retouching will be necessary to restore the scans as close to the original drawings as possible . The portraits were done decades ago , and the original art was covered with zip-a-tone screens , which were used to color the art . Unfortunately , these also diffused and muddied the black line . Robert has agreed to touch up the scans by hand and restore these wonderful portraits to their original quality . ''
We intend to keep you posted throughout the long process , piece by piece , color by color , as we create this unique edition .
Enlarge Image Video screenshot by Eric Mack/CNET
This week , humans announced the discovery of Proxima b , an exoplanet orbiting Proxima Centauri just four light-years away , and began immediately speculating about what life it might host and how to visit . The announcement comes decades after the publication of `` evidence '' that `` Cenos '' aliens from a planet in the Proxima Centauri system had already made the trip between our planets .
According to this evidence , the aliens are about 8 to 8.5 feet tall , humanoid in shape and five times stronger than humans . They eat tasteless pills and have no need for sleep . They visited a number of ancient civilizations on Earth and were most recently spotted in Taiwan in December 2012 .
Super UFO enthusiast Scott Waring posted the Taiwan sighting , which also seems easily explained as some odd light artifacts in a photograph , but you can judge for yourself by watching the local news report below .
I know what you 're thinking . `` Surely that ca n't be the only evidence of aliens from Proxima b , right ? ''
Of course not ; this is the internet , where evidence multiplies like digital rabbits . But the origin story of human interaction with the alleged aliens from around Proxima Centauri is actually pretty interesting and not very well known across the wide , wide world of online alien visitation theories .
For seven years beginning in 1957 , a team of psychologists in California had lengthy conversations with a charming and friendly alien from somewhere in the vicinity of Alpha Centauri who came to be known simply as `` Hands . ''
The name comes from the fact that the creature was `` revealed in time to be a lovable and childlike , but huge , being with a dome-shaped body and eight hands , with intelligence that was perhaps somewhere between that of a human and a dog , '' according to an account in `` ESP and Hypnosis '' by Susy Smith .
Of course , Hands was not physically present in the room with researchers Lee Gladden and Peggy Williams all those years ago , but instead appeared to emerge through interactions with a young woman under hypnosis .
In 1976 , Gladden and Williams published a book about their research involving hypnosis and their many conversations with Hands ( the identity of the woman who was under hypnosis still remains protected ) . Titled `` Hands : The True Account . A Hypnotic Subject Reports on Outer Space , '' it 's long been out of print .
Enlarge Image Amazon/Bookhouse Online
Though Gladden and Williams make no assertions about whether Hands and the Cenos aliens are real or products of the active imagination and subconscious of an individual young woman , a small corner of the Internet takes the words of Hands channeled through that young woman quite seriously .
Over their many sessions , Hands revealed that it knew of and was in contact with a handful of other intelligent species , including humans , dolphins and the Cenos aliens from a planet around Proxima Centauri .
Physicist Dr. Barry Warmkessel , who for decades has been developing some pretty out-there alternate theories of how planets and sentient life forms evolve , told me that the alien figure spotted in Taiwan is `` possibly a Cenos alien . ''
Warmkessel has integrated the account of Cenos aliens from a Proxima planet into their broader theory of the universe called Astro-Metrics , which is really detailed and involved and frankly , I did n't really understand it . It 's the stuff of science fiction and fantasy , with space-faring telepathic spiritual beings and such , but Warmkessel appears to be dead serious .
As crazy as it sounds , science scored a tiny point for Warmkessel and for the notion that a telepathic alien from somewhere near Alpha Centauri may have actually participated in those hypnosis sessions decades ago . That is , we now know there is a potentially habitable planet orbiting Proxima Centauri , which , according to the Hands accounts , is where the Cenos aliens hail from .
Now playing : Watch this : Proxima b could be the planet Earthlings escape to
So , on the off chance that Warmkessel is right to take Hands seriously , here 's what else to know about the Cenos aliens , presumably of newly confirmed planet Proxima b .
They wear grey suits and helmets , or at least they did back in the 1950s ( it 's possible style has evolved ) . There are males and females , which can give birth to up to 20 offspring . They suffer from no diseases and can live to be 120 years old .
The Cenos spaceship looks like a spinning tape recorder , and they 've used their craft to visit Earth during World War II , and to help construct the Sphinx , Mayan pyramids and other artifacts .
According to Warmkessel 's summary of the Hands account , `` Their knowledge is stored in 'personal memory banks ' available to all , and they function as one 'supergroup ... ' Therefore , decisions are made by a group conciseness [ sic ] , thus no disagreements ... The Cenos do n't joke . ''
That 's really just the beginning of what Hands and Warmkessel could tell you about the civilization that might be waiting for us on Proxima b . Check out more here .
So , next time you see an eight-foot tall humorless humanoid getting absolutely no pleasure out of munching their lunch pill , please ask how to get to Proxima b . Just tell them Stephen Hawking wants to know . They 'll probably tell you the answer is right there for anyone to access on their telepathic internet .
We 've really got to get some ESP hackers involved in getting us access to that if we ever want to get off this planet .
Now playing : Watch this : What is the most exciting news on extraterrestrials ? ...
International Harvester bulldozers lined up for war Wisconsin Historical Society/Courtesy of Yale University Press
Through large-scale demolition and clearance , American urban renewal waged a war on perceived waste—and created a new tide of it .
This post is part of a CityLab series on wastelands , and what we squander , discard , and fritter away . “ Urban renewal ” is a phrase with loaded connotations in American politics and history . The term largely refers to three policies enacted in the postwar era : the Housing Act of 1949 , the Housing Act of 1954 , and the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956 . Up until 1974 , the federal government funded a nationwide policy of demolition and large-scale clearance . Wastelands Wasted spaces , wasted buildings , wasted efforts Go Last year , Francesca Russello Ammon , an assistant professor of city and regional planning and historic preservation at the University of Pennsylvania , chronicled the impact of those policies on American cities by focusing on the machines that made it possible . In Bulldozer : Demolition and Clearance of the Postwar Landscape , they unearth the origins of a “ culture of clearance ” that emerged after World War II . From 1950 to 1980 , wrecking crews brought down roughly 7.5 million dwelling units across the United States , equivalent to one out of every 17 in the country . Leading the charge was the bulldozer itself , which was promoted in construction equipment ads and children 's books as part of a patriotic and positive ideology of demolition-as-renewal .
Bulldozer grapples with the physical and environmental destruction of this wave of tear-downs , as well as the social displacement caused by rebuilding American cities , suburbs , and interstate highways . Ammon spoke to CityLab to unpack urban renewal and what it tells us about the idea of waste in cities . We see before and after photos of demolition sites pretty often . What process is missing from that picture ? The gap between the before and after is what my book is about—how do you get from one to the other ? The challenges , frustrations , and injustices of that process leave people dissatisfied . It 's not the aesthetics—it 's what happens to the people who get displaced and the environmental consequences . Photographs were a big part of how I went about understanding what happened . From journalistic depictions to municipal archives , I used photographs—among other sources—to unpack this complicated process . You draw on the example of New Haven . Life magazine did a profile of the city 's mayor at a demolition . Can you tell us more about that feature ? Dick Lee was New Haven 's mayor and one of the leaders of urban renewal implementation . They were leading a smaller city , but New Haven captured more federal dollars per capita for urban renewal than any other city in the country . They went into urban renewal in a big way and they wanted to showcase demolition and clearance .
That Life magazine photo spread [ in 1958 ] was fascinating to me . He 's celebrated as a “ clean-up champion , ” looking at demolition as cleaning . Lee 's happy operating the wrecking ball , standing in front of the cleared land . He 's not celebrating new buildings—but the removal as something itself . That 's the sentiment that pervaded this process : the real rush to clear . There were n't developers necessarily lined up to build something new . But the idea was if we could get rid of what was there , that was a step forward .
Why did the bulldozer capture the American imagination after World War II , and how did it return to the home front ? Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... That was one of the most interesting processes of discovery for me . The history of cities tends to skip over World War II as an interruption of urban development . We know a lot about the big programs of the New Deal . We know a lot about postwar suburbanization , renewal , and highways , but the war gets left out . Fitting that back in , I saw how positively construction equipment , particularly the bulldozer , was portrayed during the war . They had material importance on the Pacific front but also on the European front . That 's how American construction and destruction work came to be seen as patriotic and part of American progress . The machine comes out of the war with a lot of positive valence . The companies that made them , Caterpillar and International Harvester , among many others , continued to build equipment throughout the war . So they were ready to hit the ground running to sell products to consumers after the conflict was through . And advertisements touted their machines as having been proven on tough battlefield terrain . So war was actually conducive to their postwar business . The technology , the ideology , and the skills learned by members of the Construction Battalions ( Seabees ) and Army Engineers during the war all made these machines ready for use on the postwar home front .
A chapter in your book pulls from a quote that described urban renewal as “ armies of bulldozers smashing down acres of slums. ” What was it that Americans thought they were fighting ?
People have been talking about large-scale clearance for a long time . We can go back to Haussmann in Paris , and this was n't a brand-new idea . What was different during the war is that it happened in a big way in Europe . The post-war opportunity to rebuild some of these cities enabled the implementation of modernist planning ideals . The corollary to that was : why could n't we do that at home ? The war had n't physically damaged most American cities . But people started to articulate the problems at home as akin to a war-torn situation or a battle . They needed to be addressed in the same way as European cities . The war had n't physically damaged most American cities . But people started to articulate the problems at home as akin to a war-torn situation or a battle . There 's metaphoric language that traveled over , but also a way of seeing enabled by the destruction of World War II . Machines were clearing away the rubble there , and so people thought they could do the same thing to clear away the problems of American cities . They could unleash an army of bulldozers to wage “ war on cities. ” Of course , it 's not so simple as that , but the war and postwar reconstruction helped make the idea more practical on the ground in the United States .
You describe a “ culture of clearance ” in the book . What does that tell us about American attitudes toward the idea of waste , and who are the casualties of that “ war ” ?
It 's creative destruction—to achieve progress we needed to destroy that which came before to make way for this new building . Rather than looking to old built fabric as something that could be restored or improved , we 're actually going to destroy it to make something anew .
From a social perspective , the “ casualties ” are largely African Americans and people of ethnic or racial minorities who get displaced . The cores of cities , which had been home to diverse communities , get remade for higher income people . That was n't necessarily going to be the case originally , as some cities promised people could move back to rebuilt neighborhoods .
People who were displaced may have moved to physically better housing because there was a relocation dimension to displacement . They were given moving expenses and assistance in finding a new home . But a physical home was n't enough . They lost the social connections , the cultural connections , and the communities that were forever torn apart . They bore the consequences . That 's why “ urban renewal ” gets called “ Negro removal ” ; about two-thirds of the people who were displaced were minorities . How was government policy driving urban renewal ? What were the laws that were in place ? The Housing Act of 1949 was the most critical . The federal government covered two-thirds of the cost of acquiring and clearing land for new development . If you were going to remake your city , you had to tear down what was there before . Cities would pay the other third , and they would often do that in-kind by building roads and schools—things that they may have had to build anyway . The infusion of federal funding made plans that had been sitting on city shelves economically viable . Judicial support for eminent domain further bolstered that viability as well .
The Housing Act of 1954 extended funds to rehabilitation , as well as clearance . But the demolition ideology of urban renewal was already in motion , infusing many of the early , major projects . The funding came to a close by 1974 , so postwar urban renewal was in place for about a quarter century .
What was the scope of these projects ? It was a national phenomenon . That 's what distinguishes this period from demolition throughout time . By 1965 , nearly 800 cities around the country—located across almost every state—were participating in urban renewal .
Nationally , on average , one out of every 17 dwelling units came down during the 1960s . Urban renewal and highway clearance were a big part of that . Today , cities like Detroit are doing it in a bigger way , but large-scale clearance is no longer the norm for the average American city . I looked at New Haven , where roughly 30,000 people were displaced . During the 1960s alone , redevelopment tore down one out of every six dwelling units there , displacing people and businesses as well . Businesses suffered because of their specific neighborhood ties . A grocery store , a tailor—these businesses could n't easily start anew somewhere else . All their customers were locals . So many businesses went out of business as a result .
The specific place mattered .
Exactly : it was the community impact . A lot of the policy addressed the physical aspects of cities . There were often physical problems—for example , of electricity , plumbing , and general dilapidation—but fixing those with clearance created a whole host of social problems . It created economic problems , too . People moved further away from where they worked . Even if housing was physically better for them , it did n't mean it was a great fit for them in other realms . Sociologists have studied these communities and found long impacts from this displacement . Mindy Fullilove calls it “ root shock. ” That did n't get factored into compensation of displaced communities . Stepping back to the actual process of demolition , how did that in its own way produce waste ? I looked through New Haven 's records of what happened day to day on construction sites . Redevelopment created more refuse and rubble than anyone had anticipated . No one had thought through what to do with all this stuff . The initial contracts with wrecking companies did n't really make provisions for these materials . They first thought they would burn a lot of it , but people [ started ] to say , “ Woah , you 're doing this right next to downtown , and there 's all this smoke. ” So the city banned that .
Planners thought city dumps would be able to handle it . But , very quickly , that space filled . The Redevelopment Agency started looking at surrounding cities like Hamden . Eventually , they said , “ We do n't want it either , ” and it became a real problem to get rid of this . There were incidents with unscrupulous contractors trying to bury some of the material onsite . They could n't figure out where to put it . You could do that in the short term , but eventually the ground settles where you 've put organic materials into the ground .
The amount of waste produced in the destruction was quite large . Wreckers were n't salvaging much . Planners were bent on clearing the landscape as fast as possible . Wrecking companies in the early 20th century used to actually pay for the privilege of tearing down a building . They knew they could make their money by reselling the parts . In urban renewal , that was much less common , so from an environmental and recycling perspective it was really destructive . What can we learn from the idea of demolition as a spectacle that demonstrated “ progress being made ” ? We have to look beyond the spectacle . It is an exciting event . People come to see implosions . They draw curiosity and there 's something very visually compelling about them . During that moment of a building coming down , there 's a lot more that goes into that process that we should think through . What happens to the people affected by this ? How do we think through the environmental effects ? Should we be tearing it down at all ? Are there other alternatives ? What position might these cities be in if that older fabric still existed ? How can we rebuild to serve a diverse constituency ? I 'm for slowing down the process—there 's a real race to demolish . We do that quickly and the rebuilding ends up being slower . If we can be more thoughtful about who are the beneficiaries and the victims and try to even that out , I think that can only help . There are buildings that do need to be demolished , but it does n't have to be the go-to solution for every city .
I would be remiss if I did n't ask how you see the bulldozer as a metaphor in our culture—it 's even in children 's books . What does it symbolize and how does it transform , as you say in the book , from “ hero to villain ” ? Some cultural forms were really instructive for me in understanding how the broader public was engaging with this story . Of course , there are the activists standing up in front of bulldozers in cities or in the countryside . In popular literature and in children 's books in particular , there 's the picture of the friendly bulldozer : Benny the Bulldozer , Buster Bulldozer . These characters that I uncovered exist through time ; we still have those today . We also see the emergence of more critical characterizations , in films such as Soylent Green , with these trucks with bulldozer-like shovels picking up people . There 's something a bit scarier—this is n't necessarily all progress . There 's a certain violence to this that appears in popular culture and artwork . It 's not that people stop embracing the bulldozer . There are always people encouraging this machine . Its power , its ability to clear and create this supposed blank slate for starting anew . In tandem , though , we also start to see the growth of more oppositional and nuanced viewpoints . I characterize it as moving from a “ culture of clearance ” to a “ culture of conservation. ” That 's a little bit of an overstatement . We have n't completely gone the other way . But the culture of clearance was n't just an urban phenomenon . It also undergirded what was going on with postwar suburbs , and with highways too . All of these were grounded in the process of clearing away , and that 's kind of the uniting ideology . The built products look different in the end : a suburban home , a high rise in the city , an interstate highway . But that starting belief in tearing down what had been there—and the damaging social and environmental consequences that result—those are n't so different .
It 's well known that there are certain streets in Jakarta where illegal street racing not only takes place but is tolerated by the authorities . These are not obscure spots far outside the capital either – one of the most infamous spots for illegal racing is the stretch of road in Jalan Asia Africa in front of Senayan City Mall , as can be seen in the video above .
It has been suggested that police allow the races to take place like Senayan , Kemayoran and Taman Mini in order to keep them contained and also because of , well , y'know , the bribes .
But it looks like the police have decided to use slightly different strategy to regulating illegal street racing – by essentially making it legal .
The Jakarta Traffic Police recently announced that they would look into accommodating illegal street racers by providing them with “ facilities . ”
“ Illegal motorcycle racers in Jakarta need to be dealt with , but not persecuted . So we will accommodate them by providing facilities . Because , when given facilities they can be monitored and we can see which ones have the potential to become national or even international racers , ” said Jakarta Traffic Police Commissioner Risyapudin Nursin today as quoted by Kompas .
Risyapudin said the Jakarta Police would work with its partners to find a place or street that could be used for illegal racing starting in February . Once such a place had been found , they would study the implementation in terms of safety and security .
“ The most important thing is that we can help channel young talents in the field of motorcycle racing , ” Risyapudin said .
Some would argue that the most important thing for the police to do is uphold the law and protect public safety .
But y'know what ? We 're actually with the police on this one . Young people are going to engage in dangerous illegal street races no matter what – why not have them do it in a place where they can do it as safely as possible , with supervision and quick access to medical attention .
In fact , a lot of people say that 's exactly the same reason why the government should take a harm-reduction strategy to illegal narcotics . People will use them no matter what , so instead of prosecuting users , the government should give them facilities where they can do it as safely as possible , with supervision and quick access to medical attention .
But somehow we doubt the Jakarta Police would ever take such a progressive stance towards drugs , unless it could help them develop a world-class Indonesian motorcycle racer somehow .
Did you know you can make pizza crust from cauliflower ?
It tastes nothing like pizza dough , but also nothing like cauliflower !
Surprisingly , it 's quite good . Just make sure you do it right . 🙂
On the second try , our cauliflower crust pizza was perfection !
We always do a “ test kitchen ” before publishing recipes . Because let 's be honest , very few recipes online are calibrated correctly .
We do our research and with some guidance from what 's already out there , we create our own version .
Usually it 's :
Simpler .
Easier .
Quicker .
But it usually takes two tries . And this one was no exception .
Our first crust was wet , soggy , and thick . More like a casserole in the shape of crust-ish pizza slices .
The second time around ? Perfection !
Crispy , flavorful , and the good kind of filling .
The secret ?
Get as much water out of the riced cauliflower as possible .
The first time we used a kitchen towel , oops .
The second time around we used a filtration bag and less ( boiling ! ) hot water .
Now this was more like a thin crust pizza . YUM !
Here 's how we make cauliflower pizza crust ( Video : 6:43 )
Other Noteworthy Versions
Oatmeal with a fork : Personal pan cauliflower pizza crust
Recipe
Generally , Atlanta 's sports teams play nice . They wish each other luck on social media before season openers and big games , and members of the different organizations are often seen together at charity events around the city .
This is not one of those examples .
In a tweet shared Wednesday by Ben Swain , there 's an image that appears to be an email from the Georgia Tech admissions department to a prospective student . It lists several reasons why a student should not apply to GT . You know , in kind of clicky way that would grab your attention until you realized that it 's still luring you to the institute .
( More : SunTrust Park construction , August update )
It was the No . 3 reason on the email that really jumped out at me , and seemed like an unnecessary shot at the city 's professional sports teams .
If you want to go to college in a city where professional sports teams actually advance past the first round of the playoffs , definitely do n't apply to Georgia Tech .
We all know YOU CAN DO THAT at Georgia Tech . What you ca n't do ? Cheer for good pro teams , according to this letter . pic.twitter.com/OotYzmqDCl — SportsChannel8 ( @ SportsChannel8 ) September 7 , 2016
Knowing that Swain works closely with a parody Twitter account called “ SportsChannel8 , ” my first instinct was to assume that this image had been doctored . But as I dug deeper , I found all 25 reasons to not apply to Georgia Tech on an admission blog hosted by the institute itself .
And who wrote the blog ? Richard Clark – the Director of Undergraduate Admission at Georgia Tech . Yes , this was actually a thing that was written and sent out to prospective students .
It should also be noted that Clark also took a shot at GT Athletics in this post : “ If you 'd rather win a national championship than … wait … not quite willing go there. ” But there 's a pretty big difference between laughing at yourself and making fun of other sports teams in the city that have been generally supportive of Georgia Tech when the spotlight is on the Yellow Jackets .
Maybe the Yellow Jackets should find other ways to lure 18-year-olds to North Avenue , because this one might 've had a little too much sting .
Back to home page
Advertisements
It 's been many years since I 've heard anyone utter the words , “ Act ladylike. ” But it 's hard to go more than a few hours without hearing some version of “ be a man ” .
I could n't even escape it this week , seeing a production of Shakespeare 's Richard II when a hanger-on tries to cheer up the embattled king by making fun of their enemies as “ boys with women 's voices [ who ] strive to speak big. ” It 's been a long , long time since simply being a male was enough to make you a real man .
There 's a cottage industry of women and men who now bewail there are no real men left , that men have become feminised , and that men are the real losers in the feminist revolution .
I 've spent the past 35 years saying all this is nonsense . After all , we still live in a world where men earn more money and pull most of the political , religious , economic and cultural levers . And when it comes to the exercise of violence , whether against women or other men , men still have the franchise , if not the total monopoly .
The rewards for being “ real men ” are admiration in the world of men , freedom of movement , a voice of authority , respect , and tangible privileges at work and at play . In fact , we 've had a de facto affirmative action programme for men that stretches back about 8,000 years — the programme known , simply , as patriarchy .
But the astounding thing is that the very ways that men have constructed societies of men 's power also bring enormous cost to men ourselves . Men die younger than women , are less likely to ask for help when in physical or emotional need , are more likely to be addicted to alcohol and other drugs , be killed in workplace accidents , and commit suicide . Men live in enormous fear of being exposed as weak . As not being real men .
All this is because our very notions of masculinity are made up , ephemeral . From an early age we bathe boys in notions about a masculinity that requires the suppression of a range of feelings and human possibilities . At a certain age , we require that boys set up emotional boundaries from their friends . Almost from the start , we say that the tasks of nurturing and caregiving are not for them .
Boys and men strive to live up to these impossible ideals . But the more we do , the more we must create an emotional distance from women , from children , and , in a strange way ( since the world is dominated by elaborate men 's clubs ) from other men . It is a recipe for enormous isolation .
That is why I have long felt that we men have a two-fold task .
One is that , if we want to truly get to the roots of what ails us , we need to embrace and actively support gender equality . We must actively challenge all forms of men 's power , whether in the workplace , our places of worship , the sport 's field , the kitchen , nursery or our bedrooms . It 's not only the right thing to do . Simply put , women 's emancipation is also key to our own happiness because the ways that we men have collectively constructed and individually internalised men 's power is not only devastating to the women we love but , in a different and paradoxical way , is devastating to men ourselves .
And so we must fight for gender equality and against all forms of abuse and violence against women . This has been an area of my own volunteer work in co-founding White Ribbon , a campaign to engage men and boys to work to end violence against women that has spread to seventy or eighty countries .
At the same time we need to transform what it means to be a man . To embrace the diverse possibilities of manhood…of humanness . To raise our sons to not be afraid of emotions or of being outed as not real men .
Perhaps there is no more important place to start than the transformation of fatherhood . I do n't want fathers helping out . I want fathers doing an equal share of parenting . And so , I 'm putting time into a new international network , www.men-care.org , which has the goal - dramatic but , I believe , realisable - of men doing fifty percent of the care work on the planet .
All this is why I 'm in London this week to speak at the Southbank Centre 's “ Being a Man ” festival .
Simply to say , yes , let 's talk about our experiences of being men . But , actually , let 's stop forcing destructive and self-destructive versions of manhood on each other . Women , men , children , and the planet will be much better for it .
Michael Kaufman will be appearing at the Being A Man festival which runs from Friday 31 January to Sunday 2 February at Southbank Centre , London
Logan Couture played a phenomenal game against the Wild Thursday night . They took eight shots , blocked a shot and spent more time on the penalty kill than any other forward on the team . For their efforts they were rewarded with no goals and a puck to the head courtesy of Marc-Edouard Vlasic . It was not a great night at the office . Oh , and according to Randy Hahn , Couture ended up getting six stitches .
The puck to the head aside , last night 's game embodied what we have become accustomed to from the Canadian center . Couture is ranked sixth in the NHL in shots , finding themselves behind just Alex Ovechkin , Phil Kessel , Zach Parise , Patrick Sharp and Corey Perry . That 's esteemed company . But for all their trouble , Couture only has 10 goals -- 42nd in the league .
Clearly this means Couture has a soft shot and should try to get to better scoring areas if he 's going to be such a shot hog . God , would they just LEAVE some shots for SOMEONE ELSE ! ? Oh , no , right , he 's a good Ontario boy so none of us have been forced to listen to that diatribe thus far . Couture 's shooting percentage is the lowest it has been in their entire career : 8 percent .
He 's currently eleventh on the team in shooting percentage , behind Hertl , Burns , Thornton and Marleau ( though only just behind Patty ) . The current leader in shooting percentage ? Brent Burns , who has scored on 11.5 percent of their shots this season .
Couture 's career shooting percentage is around the 12 percent mark . They shot 13.9 percent last year and 12.7 the year before that . The word regression to the mean is something bandied out a bunch in statistical analysis , and it almost always revolves around something negative . See : The Toronto Maple Leafs . But where the Leafs were destined to come back to Earth , Couture will almost surely start getting a few pucks to bounce theirs way .
Drew Remenda says a lot of sillies , boring hockey memes during Sharks broadcasts . The popular Couture meme has been about `` finding consistency . '' Let 's dive into that game log to see how their consistency has been this season .
From a game-to-game basis you 're going to see those numbers jump and down a bit , but there is no prolonged peak or valley that I can decipher from this chart . Unsurprisingly to most fans , Couture consistently throws pucks at the net and is routinely one of the best players on the ice . He 's an incredible hockey player and at only 24 years old is one of the reasons to believe in this team despite their `` aging core . ''
So about that bad luck : the only concern ( in my mind ) would be a player getting inside their own head and opting to pass the puck when they should shoot it . Most NHL players do n't have this problem , because if they lacked confidence they probably would not be able to play hockey at its highest level . You can see based on the chart above that Couture has seen no shot drop off despite not scoring on their last 27 shots . Based on their career average , Couture should have three goals in the last five games -- instead , well , snakebit .
While fretting about goalless streaks is usually a waste of time , in Couture 's case , it 's uh , well , an even bigger waste of time . But seriously , someone 's going to need to get the dude a serum to cure all this snake venom they have picked up this season .
By ANDY MARSO
For years , Garden City , Kansas , resident Shona Banda has been self-medicating their Crohn 's disease with cannabis oil and making no secret of it , touting their homemade vaporizer on YouTube and in a self-published book .
Now Banda could face up to 17 years in prison for doing so , in a case that has medical marijuana advocates enraged and legislators from both parties saying it is past time to re-examine the state 's drug laws .
“ We are terrified , ” said Lisa Sublett , founder of the medical marijuana advocacy group Bleeding Kansas . “ We are outraged . We are heartbroken . Many are planning to move . ”
Marijuana 's status as a Schedule I drug at the federal level has hampered peer-reviewed research on its medical benefits . But in some preliminary studies , cannabis extracts have shown promise for treating various ailments , including Crohn 's , a painful bowel disease .
About half the states now allow medical marijuana , but in Kansas possession of any amount of marijuana is illegal and a felony on second conviction .
Law enforcement and child protection authorities began investigating Banda after their 11-year-old son spoke up about their mother 's therapeutic marijuana use during an anti-drug presentation at school in March .
Them son has since been removed from their custody . According to the Finney County Attorney 's Office , Banda was charged last week with five counts , including manufacturing a controlled substance , possessing a controlled substance with intent to distribute within 1,000 feet of a school , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . Three of the five charges are felonies .
In an interview with the alternative news website Truth in Media , Banda disputed the proximity of their home to any school and said their son was never in any danger . But they did not dispute that they possessed and used marijuana , calling it “ the most nontoxic substance on the planet . ”
In a statement released with the charges , Finney County Attorney Susan Richmeier said they were merely enforcing state law as written .
“ At this time it is illegal in the State of Kansas to use or possess Schedule I drug as listed in KSA 65-4105 , ” Richmeier 's office said . “ It is also illegal to manufacture such drugs for personal use or otherwise . The Finney County Attorney 's Office will continue to strive to serve the public by enforcing the laws as written within the state . ”
Rep. John Rubin , a Republican from Shawnee , said Richmeier 's statement was absolutely correct and Banda 's case provides a “ textbook example of why we need to seriously consider changing the laws in the state of Kansas with regard to marijuana and especially medical marijuana . ”
Rubin , known as one of the House 's more conservative members , has fought for sentencing reform http : //www.khi.org/news/article/prison-space-crunch-drives-new-proposals-for-drug-crime-sentencing as a fiscal and humanitarian issue .
Kansas is embroiled in a protracted battle over the cash-strapped state budget , and its prisons are at or near capacity .
With that backdrop , Rubin said the prospect of locking up a mother with no history of violence for more than a decade because they used cannabis to treat their chronic illness shows the folly of the state 's drug laws .
Rubin spent most of the session pushing a bill to loosen penalties for first- and second-time marijuana possession convictions in order to decrease the prison population and make room for violent offenders . On Tuesday , they said it 's also time to look at legalization of marijuana for medical use .
“ Properly drafted law that strictly regulates the prescription and dispensation of medical marijuana is an important thing for us to consider , and I think we need to do it sooner rather than later , ” Rubin said . “ I 'm disappointed we did n't do it this year , and I 'm going to make it a priority next year . ”
They will have an ally on the other side of the aisle in Rep. John Wilson , a Democrat from Lawrence .
Wilson successfully pushed through the first medical marijuana bill to ever come to the floor of the Kansas House . The limited measure , which would have allowed low-THC cannabis oil only for the treatment of persistent seizure disorders , was attached to Rubin 's sentencing bill , House Bill 2049 . Both bills stalled in the Senate .
Wilson said they were disappointed the measures were n't enacted .
“ The solutions we brought forward this session … not only addressed the financial impacts associated with outdated marijuana laws , but also the human impacts , ” Wilson said . “ Make no mistake , this issue will live on in the 2016 legislative session and , perhaps , into the campaign season . ”
Wilson said the need to change state marijuana laws has become “ abundantly clear ” and they will work with House and Senate Republican leaders and Gov . Sam Brownback on it .
Sublett said those in their group who choose to stay in Kansas will ensure that medical marijuana legalization is an issue in the 2016 campaigns . They pointed to a recent survey conducted by the Docking Institute of Public Affairs at Fort Hays State University in which 68 percent of Kansans who responded said they favor allowing medical marijuana .
“ The will of the people is constantly thwarted and overlooked in Topeka , ” Sublett said . “ The chaos and dysfunction of this last session is a lesson to every Kansas voter that we must be vigilant and moved to action in the next elections . ”
Andy Marso is a reporter for Heartland Health Monitor , a news collaboration focusing on health issues and their impact in Missouri and Kansas .
AKKAR VALLEY , Lebanon ( Reuters ) - Inspecting their machinegun and wrapping ammunition belts around their chest , Samhar braces themselves for another night 's work .
The Grand River at Wadi Khaled , an open area which borders Syria , is seen in northern Lebanon February , 28 , 2012 . Samhar , 26 , brings desperately needed supplies to neighbourhoods in the Syrian city of Homs , about 40 km ( 25 miles ) from the border . They are encircled and under heavy bombardment by Syrian troops trying to snuff out the revolt against President Bashar al-Assad 's rule . Activists smuggling in aid are also a target . Picture taken February , 28 , 2012 . REUTERS/Roula Naimeh
The scrawny 26-year-old calls their secret route through the mountainous Syrian-Lebanese border “ the path of death. ” But for nearby rebel-held areas in Syria , it is their only lifeline .
Samhar brings desperately needed supplies to neighborhoods in the Syrian city of Homs , about 40 km ( 25 miles ) from the border . They are encircled and under heavy bombardment by Syrian troops trying to snuff out the revolt against President Bashar al-Assad 's rule . Activists smuggling in aid are also a target .
“ We lose double the amount of people on these trips , ” they said .
They are from Homs but now works from a Lebanese border town nestled in a valley in northern Akkar region .
“ We used to lose one person a month . But since the crackdown got worse last month we already lost seven . ”
Syrian forces have intensified their violent response to the 11-month-old uprising against four decades of Assad family rule , especially in Homs 's rebellious district of Baba Amro .
Samhar has not seen their parents or siblings in months . They keep a picture in their phone of a cousin they just found out was killed in Baba Amro last week .
Hundreds have been killed in a 25-day-old bombardment of Baba Amro , activists say , and more die due to the scarcity of medicine and blood transfusion bags .
Getting supplies in is complicated .
Lurking in the darkness that blankets the mountains around the town , Syrian forces across the border hunt for people like Samhar , who must negotiate landmines and checkpoints . Sometimes activists have even been hit by fire from their own comrades in the confusion of night operations .
“ I 've had friends die in front of me , ” they said . “ We ca n't send the bodies to their families as it could put them in danger with security forces . So we bury them where we can . ”
Smuggling has long been a profitable business between Syria and Lebanon . In better days , the town , which the sources asked not be identified , was a fuel smuggling hub .
But even the high dividends of war profiteering is not enough to tempt professional smugglers to risk their lives . This is a business now left to activists like Samhar , who get advice from smugglers , but not much else .
“ This is our path for jihad ( holy war ) , ” Samhar says , nervously twirling a cigarette around their long fingers as they wait to leave . “ I 'm not afraid of death , but being caught . No one wants to be tortured . Better to die quickly with dignity . ”
FIFTY-FIFTY CHANCE
During the day , the town is filled with children kicking tattered soccer balls along unpaved roads and old men leading their cows home from pasture . Syrian refugees gather around mosques , getting bags of bread , clothes and old shoes .
But at night , the calm is shattered by gunfire as Syrian troops , smugglers and rebels play cat and mouse in the dark . Smugglers zip along on motorbikes . Only the glow of their cigarettes is visible as they rumble past , scoping the border .
Samhar visits Sheikh Mleihan , an old Lebanese man draped in a black cloak with a red and white kerchief on their head . They shoo away children and chickens gathering around their door and points to boxes of antibiotics , sterile needles , infant milk formula and blood bags stacked inside .
“ In Homs , these blood bags are more valuable than anything else , ” says the old man , holding up plastic transfusion bags .
As night falls , Samhar and their friends gather at a sprawling house belonging to a professional smuggler , who asked to be called Mahmoud . They house refugees in the front of the house .
But in a concrete back room , blankets are taped over the window . Outside , the twinkling lights of a Syrian village seem uneerily close .
Some local smugglers share their routes with groups of young Syrian activists . Mahmoud is a brawny young Lebanese man who eyes visitors with suspicion - they were arrested last year on arms smuggling charges which they insist are false . They wo n't say if they are paid to help Samhar 's group of eight .
“ It 's 10 km ( 6 miles ) to their meeting point in Syria . But it will take them about six hours and they have a 50-50 chance of it going right , ” they said . “ If you 're still out there at 6 a.m. , you 're finished . ”
The men have packed blue suitcases with medicine and drop plastic bags filled with bullet belts on the floor . Activists say they sometimes start shooting to create diversions to distract Syrian troops from the people carrying supplies .
ARMS SMUGGLING ?
Samhar says they and their friends get their orders from the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) , the loosely organized group of army deserters and rebels who say their insurgency is to protect civilian protesters . Their ties to the FSA make some suspect that weapons , as well as medicine , are being smuggled . Some activists privately acknowledged that they bring in weapons .
Many fear that loose talk will increase scrutiny by Lebanese security forces . Asked about weapons , Samhar avoids a straight answer . “ I 'll be brief . Whatever the FSA needs , I 'm ready . ”
It is also unclear who pays for the supplies . Activists say locals and Syrian exiles donate money for them . Some say hardline Islamist groups funded from the Gulf are involved .
Khaled , an activist based in Beirut , blames arms smugglers for making it more dangerous to transfer medical supplies .
“ Medicine smuggling has become so much harder in the past few months , ” they said . “ They are ruining our chances . ”
Pacifists like Khaled sneak in smaller quantities , sometimes putting blood bags or pills under the hubcaps and bonnets of cars heading into Syria legally .
But Samhar 's friend and guide , the smuggler Mahmoud , says other activists must accept that the rebels need weapons .
The young men jump on motorcycles to head down to the river that winds through green fields and thickets along the border . They will carry their heavy packs on foot the rest of the way .
“ I am still dreaming of martyrdom , ” Samhar says , frowning . “ Everytime I come back alive , I 'm frustrated . ”
Two gunmen pose with their rifles in a secret house at Wadi khaled , near the Syrian border in northern Lebanon February 27 , 2012 . Samhar , 26 , brings desperately needed supplies to neighbourhoods in the Syrian city of Homs , about 40 km ( 25 miles ) from the border . They are encircled and under heavy bombardment by Syrian troops trying to snuff out the revolt against President Bashar al-Assad 's rule . Activists smuggling in aid are also a target . REUTERS/Roula Naimeh
Asked about the impact of their casualties , Mahmoud shrugs . “ There are so many young guys who want to do this . We have no problems finding recruits , ” they say , stubbing out their cigarette .
But as Samhar and their team leave , Mahmoud admits out of their earshot that they fret about their new friend .
“ He 's shared my room with me for two months . I sympathize with their cause , I understand they are eager . But every night I worry he 's the one who wo n't come back . ”
For Release : Wednesday , October 27 , 2004
Contact : NCHS Press Office ( 301 ) 458-4800
E-mail : paoquery @ cdc.gov
Mean Body Weight , Height , and Body Mass Index , United States 1960-2002 . Advance Data No . 347 . 18 pp . ( PHS 2005-1250 ) . [ PDF - 620 KB ]
Adult men and women are roughly an inch taller than they were in 1960 , but are nearly 25 pounds heavier on average as well , according to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) . In addition , average BMI ( body mass index , a weight-for-height formula used to measure obesity ) has increased among adults from approximately 25 in 1960 to 28 in 2002 .
The report , “ Mean Body Weight , Height , and Body Mass Index ( BMI ) 1960-2002 : United States , ” prepared by CDC 's National Center for Health Statistics , shows that the average height of a man aged 20-74 years increased from just over 5-8 in 1960 to 5-9 ½ in 2002 , while the average height of a woman the same age increased from slightly over 5-3 in 1960 to 5-4 in 2002 .
Meanwhile , the average weight for men aged 20-74 years rose dramatically from 166.3 pounds in 1960 to 191 pounds in 2002 , while the average weight for women the same age increased from 140.2 pounds in 1960 to 164.3 pounds in 2002 .
Though the average weight for men aged 20-39 years increased by nearly 20 pounds over the last four decades , the increase was greater among older men :
Men between the ages of 40 and 49 were nearly 27 pounds heavier on average in 2002 compared with 1960 .
Men between the ages of 50 and 59 were nearly 28 pounds heavier on average in 2002 compared with 1960 .
Men between the ages of 60 and 74 were almost 33 pounds heavier on average in 2002 compared with 1960 .
For women , the near opposite trend occurred :
Women aged 20-29 were nearly 29 pounds heavier on average in 2002 compared with 1960 .
Women aged 40-49 were about 25½ pounds heavier on average in 2002 compared with 1960 .
Women aged 60-74 were about 17½ pounds heavier on average in 2002 compared with 1960 .
Meanwhile , the report documented that average weights for children are increasing as well :
The average weight for a 10-year-old boy in 1963 was 74.2 pounds ; by 2002 the average weight was nearly 85 pounds .
The average weight for a 10-year-old girl in 1963 was 77.4 pounds ; by 2002 the average weight was nearly 88 pounds .
A 15-year-old boy weighed 135.5 pounds on average in 1966 ; by 2002 the average weight of a boy that age increased to 150.3 pounds .
A 15-year-old girl weighed 124.2 pounds on average in 1966 ; by 2002 the average weight for a girl that age was 134.4 pounds .
According to the report , average heights for children also increased over the past four decades . For example :
The average height of a 10-year-old boy in 1963 was 55.2 inches , by 2002 the average height of a 10-year-old boy had increased to 55.7 inches .
The average height of a 10-year-old girl in 1963 was about 55.5 inches ; by 2002 the average height of a 10-year-old girl had increased to 56.4 inches .
In 1966 , the average height of a 15-year-old boy was 67.5 inches or almost 5-7½ ; by 2002 the average height of a 15-year-old boy was 68.4 or almost 5-8½ .
In 1996 , the average height of a 15-year-old girl was 63.9 inches ; by 2002 the average height of a 15-year-old girl had not changed significantly ( 63.8 inches ) .
Average BMI for children and teens has also increased :
In 1963 , the average BMI for a 7-year-old boy was 15.9 ; in 2002 it was 17.0 . For girls the same age , the average BMI increased from 15.8 to 16.6 over the same period .
In 1966 , the average BMI for a 16-year-old boy was 21.3 ; in 2002 , it was 24.1 . For girls the same age , the average BMI increased from 21.9 to 24.0 over the same period .
The BMI is a single number than evaluates an individual 's weight status in relation to height . BMI is generally used as the first indicator in assessing body fat and has been the most common method of tracking weight problems and obesity among adults .
The data in the report was based on actual body measurements taken as part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey , which CDC 's National Center for Health Statistics ( NCHS ) has conducted periodically since 1960 . The NCHS report “ Mean Body Weight , Height , and Body Mass Index ( BMI ) 1960-2002 : United States ” is available on-line at the CDC/NCHS Web site .
Ben Carson , a surrogate for Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE , said on Sunday that there are “ probably ” better people to fill the White House than the Republican presidential front-runner .
When asked in a radio interview with John Catsimatidis why they endorsed the business mogul , Carson listed several of Trump 's qualities , including their business success , favorable image among their employees and parenting skills .
“ All of that says quite a bit about a person , '' Carson said . `` Now , does it mean that he 's perfect ? No , they have some major defects , there 's no question about it — just like the rest of us . But I think they are willing to listen to other people . They may not say that publicly because there is a humility issue there that could perhaps use some polishing .
“ Nobody believes in the government anymore . Everybody believes that we are weak ; we are weak on the world stage ; we are not doing things that make sense economically . And he 's probably the person who is most likely to do that . Are there better people ? Probably . ''
Still , Carson maintained Trump was the best option partly due to the fact that they are not a member of the “ political elite . ”
The former neurosurgeon said Trump scares those political elites so much that they would rather see Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE in the White House .
“ Well , I think the establishment in the Republican Party is scared out of their wits about the possibility of someone like Donald Trump coming in , who they do n't have control over , '' Carson said .
`` The established political class , both Republicans and Democrats , have been in control for decades , and I believe the established Republicans would prefer to see someone like Hillary Clinton win than they would Donald Trump , because she 's part of the established political class , is predictable and is controllable . ”
Former U.S. Marine Itzcoatl Ocampo , 23 , an Iraq war veteran , has their arraignment postponed on charges of first degree murder in Santa Ana , California February 6 , 2012 . REUTERS/Bruce Chambers/Pool
( Reuters ) - An Iraq war veteran charged in California with six murders , including the serial “ thrill ” killings of four homeless men , has died in a hospital where they were being treated for an illness , the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said on Thursday .
Itzcoatl Ocampo , a former U.S. Marine , could have faced the death penalty if convicted on six counts of first-degree murder with special circumstances . The charges included the stabbing deaths of four transients in late 2011 and early 2012 .
Ocampo died late on Wednesday or early on Thursday and a cause of death has yet to be determined , said Lieutenant Andy Ferguson . No further information was immediately available .
Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas has described Ocampo , who served in the Marines from July 2006 to July 2010 and was deployed to Iraq in 2008 , as a heartless “ thrill ” killer .
Ocampo also was charged with the murders of a high school friend 's mother and brother , who were found stabbed to death in their home . They were 23 when they were arrested in early 2012 .
Prosecutors said the four homeless men were stabbed dozens of times .
They accused Ocampo of targeting their final victim , John Berry , after the 64-year-old transient was featured in a Los Angeles Times article about the high-profile case .
One of the slayings was captured on a security camera and showed the killer , dressed in dark pants and a black hooded sweatshirt , kneeling on their victim 's chest as they stabbed them repeatedly in the head , neck and upper torso .
CLOSE Lawmakers are set to discuss asking voters for a raise Wochit
Buy Photo Politics Tile - 1 ( Photo : Argus Leader ) Buy Photo
South Dakota lawmakers on Monday advanced a proposal to ask voters to give them a raise .
The Executive Board unanimously approved a resolution that would tie legislators ' salaries to the median household income in the state . And that would likely mean a 70 percent raise for the state 's 105 lawmakers .
The measure will need to be approved by lawmakers in the House and in the Senate before it would come before South Dakota voters as a constitutional amendment .
More : Mickelson urges school accountability board to deal tough message to districts
Currently , South Dakota legislators receive $ 6,000 a year in addition to per diem payments and some reimbursement for mileage . And that rate has n't changed in almost two decades .
The resolution 's supporters want to set legislator salaries at one-fifth of the most recent median household income . According to the 2015 U.S. Census , South Dakota 's median household income was $ 50,957 for that year , which would put lawmakers ' salaries around $ 10,191 annually .
More : Lawmakers push for tax credit for workforce housing developers
Rep. Mark Mickelson , R-Sioux Falls , said approving a raise for lawmakers would attract more diverse candidates to run for office .
“ If you 're not going to pay the folks very much , then you 're going to limit the pool of those who can serve to those who are retired or self-employed , '' Mickelson said .
Follow Dana Ferguson on Twitter @ bydanaferguson , call 605-370-2493 or email dferguson @ argusleader.com
Read or Share this story : https : //www.argusleader.com/story/news/politics/2017/11/13/state-panel-advances-request-70-percent-legislator-raise/858362001/
On 10 July 2017 , Iraqi 's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrived in the city of Mosul to declare it liberated from the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham ( ISIS ) . Brigadier General Yahya Rasool , spokesperson of the Iraqi forces , told Iraqi television , ‘ Their fictitious state has fallen . '
Prime Minister al-Abadi has been a senior member of one Iraqi government after the other since the illegal US invasion and occupation of that country in 2003 . They were dismayed by the privatization plans of the US Viceroy in Iraq , Paul Bremer , and they participated in the lawsuit against the US mercenary army – the private company called Blackwater . At the same time , al-Abadi participated in governments led largely by their Islamic Dawa Party ( which they joined in 1967 at the age of fifteen ) . This party has overseen – with US aid and encouragement – the breakdown of Iraqi society . The brutality of the US invasion and occupation as well as the sectarian policies of the Islamic Dawa Party drove the creation of ISIS in 2006 and then its expansion by 2014 . This is a man with a front-row seat for the unraveling of their country .
What did al-Abadi see when they looked across the expanse of Mosul , one of Iraq 's largest cities ? They would have seen not only the violence visited by ISIS upon this historic city – including destroying a large part of its Great Mosque of al-Nuri – but also the destruction of the city by this current onslaught that has lasted nine months . A million civilians fled Mosul ; many thousands of civilians have been killed . They live in nineteen emergency camps – each wanting in basic needs . ‘ The levels of trauma we are seeing are some of the highest anywhere , ' said Lise Grande of the UN 's Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq . ‘ What people have experienced is nearly unimaginable . ' The UN requested nearly $ 1 billion of the international community . It has received just over 40 per cent of what is required . With oil prices down , Iraq simply does not have the revenue to rebuild this destroyed city . It will need help .
Humanitarianism wars are easier to fund than the humanitarian peace .
‘ Our city is in ruins , ' said Ayman who lives in the western part of Mosul . ‘ They have treated us like we are absolutely nothing . ' Who is the ‘ they ' in Ayman 's statement ? ISIS surely , but also the Iraqi military and its US allies .
Ayman 's statement appears in an Amnesty International report that was released on 11 July – At Any Cost : The Civilian Catastrophe in West Mosul . It is a careful report , but with a point that should not be ignored . Amnesty suggests that the United States and the Iraqi forces ‘ carried out a series of unlawful attacks in west Mosul . ' The report further says , ‘ Even in attacks that seem to have struck their intended military target , the use of unsuitable weapons or failure to take other necessary precautions resulted in needless loss of civilian lives and in some cases appears to have constituted disproportionate attacks . '
The United States government attacked Amnesty for its conclusions . Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend said , in Washington , ‘ I reject any notion that coalition fires were in any way imprecise , unlawful or excessively targeted civilians . '
Airwars , the group that studies aerial bombardment , shows – in a new report – that the US aerial bombardment of western Mosul increased by 21 per cent in the past month , with the munitions concentrated on certain neighborhoods . This has led , Airwars says , to increased civilian deaths . Chris Woods of Airwars says , ‘ The speed and intensity of these attacks – which the US now describes as a war of ‘ annihilation ' – have placed civilians at far greater risk of harm . Heavy weapons also continue to be used on densely populated areas . The consequences are inevitable . ' Lt. General Townsend has not commented yet on the Airwars report . The term ‘ annihilation ' is chilling .
The numbers put out by Airwars are deflated . ‘ It is highly probable , ' the report notes , ‘ that the death toll is substantially higher than this Airwars estimate , with multiple reports referencing thousands of corpses still trapped under the rubble . ' Reports from the ground suggest the use of illegal weapons – including white phosphorus ( although the US has denied this ) – as well as ‘ horrific scenes of bodies scattering the streets . ' It will take a great deal of investigation to piece together the full-scale of the human tragedy first in the ISIS capture of Mosul and then in the US-Iraqi assault on the city .
Al-Abadi would also know that ISIS was able to expand in 2013 and 2014 partly because the Iraqi government crushed any attempt by ordinary Iraqis to get a better deal . A major political uprising from 2011 brought together groups such as the Union of the Unemployed of Iraq with the Organization of Women 's Freedom in Iraq . Their demands were for the recreation of their destroyed society , for an economy that benefits Iraqis and for a political project that unifies the people and does not tear open sectarian divides . The government did not listen to them . The path of nonviolent resistance was blocked in 2011 , and then sent backwards when Iraqi security forces massacred peaceful protestors in al-Hawija in April 2013 . After the massacre , ISIS scouts came into al-Hawija to recruit fighters . They said , ‘ You tried the peaceful route . What did it bring you ? Now come with us . ' Many did . Al-Hawija remains in ISIS hands . In fact , after the apparent death of ISIS emir Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the emir of al-Hawija – Abu Haitham al-Obaidi – declared that they were the new caliph . Their forces are arrayed in the western part of al-Hawija , ready for a major battle .
Little wonder that the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights – Zeid al-Hussein – said that ‘ dialogue between communities needs to begin now to try to halt the cycle of violence . ' Much water has slipped under the bridge . Not only the history of the brutality of the US invasion and occupation – which razed many of the cities in Anbar Province such as Fallujah and Ramadi – but also the ruthlessness of the Iraqi government as well as of the US-Iraqi war on Mosul . The way one fights a war suggests to the defeated the terms of the future . A brutal war can only mean that there will be no real ‘ dialogue ' to prevent precisely the ‘ cycle of violence . '
ISIS fighters fled Mosul for other parts of Iraq as well as for Syria . The battle is far from over . US aerial assaults on the Syrian cities of Raqqa , Hasakah and Deir Ezzor continue , increasing with great ferocity . Airwars suggests that the number of civilian deaths from the US-led air war in Syria is at the highest it has been for a long while . What is most startling is the assertion by Airwars that ‘ casualty events attributed to the [ US-led ] Coalition in Iraq and Syria outpaced those reportedly carried out by Russia in Syria ' for the sixth consecutive month . That means that the civilian toll from US airstrikes has been greater than the casualty toll from the Russian strikes . Yet it is the latter that gets the attention by the Western media , while the former is largely – if not entirely – ignored . There is a theory , as I have written about previously , that Western bombing is benevolent , whereas Eastern bombing is malevolent . This seems to operate for the Western media .
US bombing in Raqqa has hit civilian infrastructure – including internet cafes and swimming pools , shops and mosques . There are reports of civilians being killed as they flee Raqqa . Lt. General Stephen Townsend , who derided Amnesty 's allegations about war crimes in Mosul , told the New York Times ' Michael Gordon a few days ago , ‘ And we shoot every boat we find . If you want to get out of Raqqa right now , you 've got to build a poncho raft . ' This is a violation of the UN 's 1981 Protection of Asylum-Seekers in Situations of Large-Scale Influx .
Meanwhile , the de-escalation zones continue to be formed in Syria to the great relief of the population . It is the only glimmer of hope in the region . Most of these de-escalation zones are in western Syria , with the most recent declared along the Jordanian border , including the provinces of Dara ' a , Quneitra and Sweida . The UN Refugee Agency – UNHCR – said that 440,000 internally displaced people have returned to their homes during the first six months of this year . Over 30,000 Syrians who had left the country have now returned home . Some of these ceasefires relied upon discussions between Iran and Qatar . It is clear that one of the reasons for Saudi Arabia 's annoyance with Qatar is that it has participated actively in the creation of these de-escalation zones . Expansion of this zone is essential for the well-being of the people .
It would be valuable if this example of the de-escalation zones would set the ethical foundation for peace-making in Iraq as well as in northeastern Syria . Total warfare wins battles , but it can often prolong the war .
Big Government : When it comes to incompetence , it does n't get much better than this : The federal website meant to make government spending more transparent was found to be missing $ 619 billion .
Seven years ago , the Office of Management and Budget launched USASpending.gov to let the public easily track how their tax dollars were spent on contracts , grants , loans and other spending . It was supposed to be a big win for open government .
Except when the Government Accountability Office checked to see how well it tracked spending in 2012 , it found the site to be less than useless .
The audit found that out of the roughly $ 1 trillion federal agencies spent in these areas that year , $ 619 billion of it did n't get reported to the site .
The biggest offender was Health and Human Services , which failed to report $ 544 billion in spending on programs like Medicare . Veterans Affairs came in second with $ 64 billion in unreported spending . The Interior Department finished third at $ 5.3 billion .
The White House itself failed to report $ 247 million worth of 2012 spending . The drug czar 's office , for example , thought HHS was doing that on its behalf .
In addition , the GAO found that only 2 % to 7 % of the reports that were filed contained complete and accurate data .
More astonishing still , the GAO often could n't verify information reported to USASpending.gov because original agency records were n't available or reliable .
That includes award amounts , which the GAO says are unverifiable in as many as 7 % of reports , and the location where money was spent , which could n't be verified up to 31 % of the time .
The reasons given for these rampant failures do n't provide much comfort . Agencies blamed technical issues such as incompatible systems , ignorance of the reporting requirements and lack of internal oversight .
What does it say about a government so big and cumbersome that it ca n't even reliably tell the public where its money goes ?
Keep in mind these are the same people now in charge of the nation 's health care system . Makes you wonder .
[ Mesa-dev ] [ PATCH 00/18 ] dri3+gallium patch series
This series has a bunch of DRI3 cleanups and fixes followed by a few patches that finish up DRI3 support in gallium . The first two patches have nothing to do with DRI3 , just some warning fixes : [ PATCH 01/18 ] Remove glBlendColor and glBlendEquations decls from [ PATCH 02/18 ] dri/swrast : Passing dri_context * instead of DRI3 cleanups [ PATCH 03/18 ] Do n't use libudev for glx/dri3 [ PATCH 04/18 ] dri3 : Switch to libxshmfence version 1.1 [ PATCH 05/18 ] dri3 : Free resources when drawable is destroyed . [ PATCH 06/18 ] dri3 : Clean up struct dri3_drawable [ PATCH 07/18 ] dri3 : Track full 64-bit SBC numbers , instead of just [ PATCH 08/18 ] dri3 : Fix dri3_wait_for_sbc to wait for completion of [ PATCH 09/18 ] dri3 : Enable GLX_INTEL_swap_event [ PATCH 10/18 ] i965 : Correct check for re-bound buffer in [ PATCH 11/18 ] i965 : Set fast color clear mcs_state on newly allocated [ PATCH 12/18 ] dri3 : Rename DRI3_MAX_BACK to DRI3_NUM_BACK [ PATCH 13/18 ] dri3 : Flush XCB before blocking for special events [ PATCH 14/18 ] dri3 , i915 , i965 : Add __DRI_IMAGE_FOURCC_SARGB8888 And the gallium patches : The middle two are from Ben Skeggs , but have n't been reviewed and not in an area of the code I feel comfortable reviewing . [ PATCH 15/18 ] gallium : Add __DRIimageDriverExtension support to [ PATCH 16/18 ] gallium/dri : fix unsetting of format when encountering [ PATCH 17/18 ] nvc0 : fix segfault if nv50_miptree_from_handle ( ) fails [ PATCH 18/18 ] gallium : Use base.stamp for all drawable invalidation
No one put lead in Flint 's water deliberately , but Rick Snyder 's cost-cutting imperatives and imperious manner in the lead-up to the crisis were typical
Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan presents themselves as a bipartisan , pragmatic accountant . Their self-proclaimed nickname is “ One Tough Nerd ” . They have no trouble upsetting Democrats and Republicans on the same day .
Flint water crisis : emails reveal governor Snyder informed of problems a year ago Read more
They talk about Michigan residents as their “ customers ” and tries to run the embattled state like a turnaround business . But Snyder is much more of a political animal than their rhetoric , or lack of it , would suggest .
They do not go as far as their Wisconsin neighbor Scott Walker has done , in policies concerning public sector workers , unions , gun control , gay marriage , welfare or abortion . They prefer to talk like a company manager and occasionally makes practical decisions outside party lines .
But there is no doubt Snyder is a red-blooded Republican with free-market and socially conservative stripes – and a relish for power .
The governor 's poisoned “ customers ” in Flint are experiencing an unexpected side-effect of Snyder 's penchant for dispatching unelected state overseers to run struggling cities with sweeping executive powers .
As the Flint water crisis grows , we must demand more emails from Rick Snyder | Curt Guynette Read more
No one put lead in Flint 's water deliberately . But the cost-cutting imperatives and imperious manner that laid the groundwork for the crisis were typical of Snyder 's administration .
Not long after taking the governor 's chair in January 2011 , as a business executive new to politics and intent on economic reform , Snyder said they did not share Walker 's hostility to union collective bargaining or anticipate a repeat of the kind of worker protests that had brought the Wisconsin capitol in Madison to a halt .
Less than two years later , in December 2012 , just after Barack Obama trounced Mitt Romney to keep Michigan as a blue state in the general election , furious workers descended on the state capital , Lansing , where Republicans and Snyder were enacting anti-union legislation .
Almost overnight , Michigan became a “ right-to-work ” state , prohibiting most obligatory union dues in the public and private sectors .
The legislation echoed blueprints circulated by the American Legislative Exchange Council ( Alec ) and was supported by the like-minded , Michigan-based Mackinac Center for Public Policy , and backed by the ultra-conservative Koch brothers .
That may have come as a surprise to many in the traditionally union-heavy , industrial heartlands of the state . But although a native Michigander , Snyder , 57 , hails from a place very different from Motown .
They were raised in Battle Creek , a small , predominantly white and middle-class town less than two hours from Detroit . Battle Creek voted Republican in 2012 and is unremarkable apart from being host to the corporate headquarters of Kellogg .
Snyder read Fortune magazine as a kid and had earned their bachelor , master 's and law degrees by the time they were 23 . They worked as a lawyer for the accountancy giant Coopers & Lybrand , where they met their wife . They then joined a computer firm , Gateway , rising via posts in Chicago and South Dakota to run the company . They returned to Michigan in 1997 and launched their own venture capital outfit in Ann Arbor , where they still live .
Flint 's water crisis : what went wrong Read more
When Snyder plunged into the Michigan gubernatorial race in 2010 , on the GOP ticket and without any political experience , they pledged to bring corporate efficiency , practical solutions and job creation skills to the governor 's office . They won handily .
Not long after the enacting of right to work laws in late 2012 , Snyder began beefing up the state 's powers to take control of struggling cities . The elected governments of the most financially imperiled , Flint and Detroit , were overridden by state-appointed emergency executives preaching budget cuts .
Emergency managers were in charge in Flint when the city 's water supply was switched from Lake Huron to the grossly polluted local river , as a cost-saving measure .
In Detroit on Wednesday , amid calls for Snyder 's resignation or even arrest , Obama said that if they were a parent in Flint they would be “ beside himself ” with worry over their children 's health .
Before the crisis in Flint took over their agenda , Snyder claimed credit for rescuing Detroit . There , they appointed an emergency manager in April 2013 . When the city declared insolvency , three months later , protesters carried signs depicting Snyder as the devil . The battered city emerged from bankruptcy in November 2014 .
At one point during that period , six Michigan cities were under emergency state oversight , as arguments raged over drastic cost-cutting , greater state and private-sector influences over schools and measures to weaken union contracts further and deplete public sector pensions in order to stave off collapse .
In May 2013 , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) went to court , calling Snyder 's emergency managers “ a threat to democracy ” and noting that 50 % of the state 's African American population was now governed by a state-appointed local leader . But after Detroit restructured its finances , Snyder began holding up their brand of leadership as a model .
Criticized as an oligarch by some and a technocrat by others , in national Republican circles their name began cropping up as a possible presidential contender .
They never entered the race , of course , but in April 2015 it was being publicly talked about as a certainty by some GOP enthusiasts .
A timeline of Flint 's tainted water – interactive Read more
It 's hard to know how they would have fared . Scott Walker fell early and John Kasich of Ohio is trailing the juggernaut of Donald Trump and their tailgater Ted Cruz .
Snyder may have had trouble explaining to primary voters and donors why they criticized the Affordable Care Act but then expanded Medicaid in Michigan . They may have faced difficulty discussing why they initially resisted calls to tighten restrictions on abortion but later did so ; or refused to ease certain limits on gun sales , but later eased them after all .
All that is academic now . A Snyder candidacy could not have survived the Flint water catastrophe , which developed under their brand of corporate-culture politics while , at best , they stood by .
Whether Snyder will survive as governor remains to be seen .
They have , almost entirely , taken over this year 's playoffs . If the Golden State Warriors ' Stephen Curry has been the Golden Boy of the postseason to this point , then the Bulls ' Nate Robinson has become Mr. Blood-and-Guts , the guy who has shown more of both than we 'd probably like to see — they were sick and throwing up on the sidelines during the first round , and was bleeding after suffering a gash in the second round .
That 's not a problem for the Chicago Bulls , who have staked out their identity as the toughest , grittiest team in the NBA 's postseason tournament , and no one is more emblematic of that than Robinson .
But , before non-Bulls fans sit back and wonder why their teams ca n't get players like Robinson , it is worth remembering that Robinson has n't always been so inspiring over the course of their eight years in the NBA .
They might be coming into their own now , but it has been a long road , over which Nate the Great 's career has taken many forms . In fact , it can be broken down into five distinct acts :
ACT I : THE 5-9 FREAK
The years : 2005-'06 through '07-'08 .
The team : Knicks .
The numbers : The most significant development from Robinson 's first two years was that they shot 39.3 percent from the 3-point line , addressing one of the knocks on them coming out of college . Of course , in the process , they developed a love for all kinds of 3-pointers , a love that not all their coaches will share .
The storylines :
• Not long after Knicks president Isiah Thomas pulled a surprise and chose Robinson with the No . 21 pick—acquired in a trade from Phoenix—it was obvious Robinson would be a handful . In November 2005 , with reporters looking on , Robinson squared off at practice with 7-1 center Jerome James following a pickup game . Those tensions were quickly defused , but Robinson was at it again a month later , tackling teammate Malik Rose in the shower when Rose refused to pay up on a bet on a football game . On the court , Robinson was giving their first coach—Larry Brown—some grief , too , as Brown complained , “ Right now , Nate thinks he 's a highlight reel . ”
• For Robinson as a rookie , the highlight—sort of—came during the All-Star game in Houston , where they won their first dunk contest . But thanks to a quirk in the rules , the win came after they missed 14 dunks in what is still , arguably , the worst dunk contest of all time .
• In December 2006 at Madison Square Garden , Robinson was one of the instigators in one of the worst on-court brawls in NBA history . It started when Nuggets guard J.R. Smith was taken down hard by Knicks guard Mardy Collins during a Denver blowout . With Smith and Collins squaring off , Robinson was the first outsider to enter the fray , and by the end of it , 47 games worth of suspensions were handed out , including 10 games for Robinson .
• Coming into the 2007-08 season , there were high hopes for Robinson . They had shown leadership in running the Knicks ' entry in the Las Vegas Summer League , and won Most Outstanding honors in that tournament . Thomas , now coaching the Knicks , talked up Robinson 's improvement during training camp , but by mid-December 2007 , Thomas had benched Robinson , and they would later get into a sideline fight with teammate Zach Randolph . Robinson did get back on the floor , and averaged 14.4 points in 26 games after the All-Star break—including 14 starts—but that was because Stephon Marbury was injured .
ACT II : THE D'ANTONI DEFIANCE
The years : 2008-09 through 2009-10 .
The team : Knicks .
The numbers : Robinson had their best season under coach Mike D'Antoni ( who replaced Thomas in '08 ) and their free-flowing offense , averaging 17.2 points and earning consideration as Sixth Man of the Year . It was , though , short-lived .
The storylines :
• Things got off to a reasonably good start for Robinson under D'Antoni , who gave Robinson a regular role and whose quick-fire offense suited Robinson 's style perfectly . That culminated in the best month of Robinson 's career when they averaged 23.9 points in February '09—including 41 in a win at Madison Square Garden with their hero , Will Ferrell , sitting courtside . Robinson also , famously , won the dunk contest by skying over Dwight Howard . But in March , things started to turn , as D'Antoni had a stern talk with Robinson about their tendency to go after opposing players and refs . On March 27 , they bumped into referee Ken Mauer while trying to get at the Hornets ' Chris Paul , and was ejected , getting their 12th technical of the season in the process . In April , Robinson averaged just 8.1 points on 29.6 percent shooting .
• As a restricted free agent in the summer of 2009 , Robinson got limited attention on the market , because teams interested in them figured the Knicks would match any offer . They signed a one-year deal to stay with the Knicks , for $ 4 million , and D'Anotni was hopeful that Robinson could improve with better focus . `` He 's got to channel their energy in a positive way , '' D'Antoni said before the season . `` If they do that , they could be as good as anyone in the league . It 's a challenge for them and for us but I thought they made improvements last year . ''
• Where D'Antoni had tried to corral Robinson the previous year , their patience eroded completely in '09-'10 , the first breaking point coming when Robinson fired a 3-pointer at the Nets ' basket at the end of the first quarter during a November game . Robinson 's shot came after the buzzer had sounded—barely . When Robinson went to the bench , D'Antoni lit into him , and Robinson was benched for 33 of the remaining 36 minutes .
• One week after that incident , D'Antoni benched Robinson entirely , reportedly because they were too friendly with Dwight Howard before a game against the Magic . `` We want to win , '' D'Antoni said . `` And if he 's conducive to winning then he 'll obviously be back in the lineup . If not , he 's not . '' On December 20 , the New York Post reported that Robinson 's agent had asked the Knicks for a trade , claiming that D'Antoni had a `` personal vendetta '' against Robinson .
• At the trade deadline in February , the Knicks finally granted Robinson 's request , sending them to Boston in a deal for reserves J.R. Giddens , Eddie House and Bill Walker .
ACT III : THE SHREK-AND-DONKEY SHOW
The years : 2009-10 through 2010-11 .
The team : Celtics .
The numbers : Robinson did not play much for the Celtics during the parts of the two regular seasons they spent there , averaging just 6.9 points in 81 games . But that was n't where their impact came .
The storylines :
• Despite a promising start , Robinson played a limited role on a veteran team after arriving in Boston , scoring just 6.5 points per game in 14.7 minutes down the stretch . Their minutes decreased as the year came to a close , with Celtics coach Doc Rivers unwilling to accept Robinson 's defensive liabilities , and frustrated by Robinson 's failure to grasp the offense .
• Robinson turned their fortunes around in the playoffs , especially in a second-quarter stretch in Game 6 of the conference finals , in which Rajon Rondo went down with an injury . They scored 13 points in 13 minutes , a postseason career high . Along with Glen Davis , Robinson repeated those heroics in a huge Game 4 win over the Lakers in the Finals , the two combining for 30 points and carrying the team through a stretch of the fourth quarter . After the game , Robinson compared Davis to Shrek and themselves to Shrek 's sidekick , Donkey , and the Boston media ate it up .
• Robinson 's heroics earned them a new contract with the Celtics , at $ 4 million per year . The following season , though , Robinson again assumed a back-of-the bench role , and when they went consecutive games in February playing fewer than five minutes , their fate was sealed . Boston included their contract as cap-space filler in the trade that brought Jeff Green to the Celtics and sent Kendrick Perkins , and Robinson , to Oklahoma City .
ACT IV : THE JOURNEYMAN
The years : 2010-11 through 2011-12 .
The teams : Thunder , Warriors .
The numbers : Robinson averaged 11.2 points and 4.5 assists for the Warriors , playing in 51 games .
The storylines :
• Though they gained acclaim as one of the most enthusiastic bench cheerers in the Western Conference , Robinson played just four games and 30 total minutes for the Thunder in '11 , firmly planted behind Russell Westbrook , Eric Maynor and Reggie Jackson on the depth chart . The NBA went into a lockout , preventing Oklahoma City from shopping Robinson on the trade market that summer . When the lockout ended , the Thunder had no time to find a new team for Robinson and waived him .
• Robinson signed with the Warriors at the $ 1.15 million veteran minimum in January '12 . They got a reasonable amount of playing time , averaging 23.4 minutes in 51 games , but the Warriors were ripped by injuries , furthering Robinson 's reputation as a guy who can only post good numbers on bad teams . When the Warriors retooled in the offseason , they decided not to keep Robinson on as the backup point guard , and signed Jarrett Jack instead .
ACT V : THE ROBINSON RESURRECTION
The years : 2012-13 .
The team : Bulls .
The numbers : Robinson put together their best across-the-board regular season , but during the postseason , they have been a dynamo , averaging 18.3 points on 50.4 percent shooting .
The storylines :
• With Derrick Rose out because of ACL surgery , the Bulls brought back veteran Kirk Hinrich last summer , but coach Tom Thibodeau ( an assistant with the Celtics during Robinson 's run with the team ) also paved the way for Robinson , getting the team to pick them up on another minimum contract . It was an inspired move . Robinson still has their frustrating moments—poor defense and wacko shot selection—but they were much more reliable during the regular season , and after the All-Star break , they averaged 15.0 points and 4.7 assists for the Bulls .
• In the playoffs , Robinson 's legend has blossomed , as Thibodeau has had little choice but to lean heavily on their diminutive guard . In Chicago 's stunning triple-overtime win over the Nets in Game 4 of the first round , Robinson scored 12 straight points and assisted on the game-tying basket to lead Chicago back from a 14-point deficit in the final three minutes of regulation . They wound up with 34 points , 29 of those points coming after the third quarter . Then there was their gutsy play in Game 6 , when they were ill and vomiting on the sidelines , yet still scored 18 points in a losing effort .
• Finally , we had Robinson 's finest hour , on Monday in the conference semifinals opener against the top-seeded Heat in Miami . Despite needing 10 stitches at halftime following a collision with LeBron James , Robinson scored nine of the Bulls ' final 12 points ( and assisted on the other basket , a 3-pointer by Marco Bellinelli ) to lead the 93-86 upset win .
Posted on by steveblank
One of the biggest mistakes entrepreneurs make is not understanding the relationship they have with their investors . At times they confuse VC 's with their friends .
Lets Go to Lunch
At Rocket Science our video game company was struggling . Hubris , bad CEO decisions ( mine ) and a fundamental lack of understanding that we were in a “ hits-based ” entertainment business not in a Silicon Valley technology company were slowly killing us .
One day I got a call from my two investors , “ Hey Steve , we 're both going to be up in San Francisco , lets grab lunch. ” I liked my two investors . I 'd known them for years , they were smart , trying to figure out the video game market with me , ( in hindsight a business that none of us knew anything about and should n't have been in , ) coached me when needed , etc . Our board meetings were collegial and often fun .
We were just about to have a board meeting in another week to talk about raising another round of financing to keep our struggling disaster afloat . I had assumed that my VC 's were behind me . Thinking we were having a social call , I was completely unprepared for the discussion . ( Lesson – never take a VC meeting without knowing the agenda . )
“ Steve , we thought we 'd tell you this before the board meeting , but both our firms are going to pass on leading your next round. ” I was speechless . I felt like I had just been kicked in the gut and stabbed in the back These were my lead investors . It was the ultimate vote of no confidence . If they passed the odds of anyone in the entire country funding us was zero . I knew they had been questioning our ability to stay afloat as a company in the board meetings so this was n't a complete surprise but I would have expected some offer a bridge loan or some sign of support . ( I finally got them to agree if I could find someone else to lead the round they would put in a token amount to say they were still supportive . )
“ Is this about me as the CEO ? ” I asked . “ I 'll resign if you guys think you can hire someone else you want to back. ” They looked a bit sheepish and replied , “ No it 's not you . You should stay and run the company . However , we realized that we 've backed a business we do n't know much about , the company is a money sink and both our firms have no stomach for this industry . ”
“ But I thought you guys were my friends ? ! ” You 're supposed to support me ! ! I said out of utter frustration .
VC 's Are Not Your Friends
I had just gotten a very expensive reminder . I liked my board members . They liked me . But while I was just seeing a single board member , I was just one of twenty companies in their current fund portfolio . Their fiduciary responsibility was to manage a portfolio of investments for their limited partners . And what they promised their own investors was that they would invest money in deals that would grow in value and achieve liquidity . As much as they liked me as the entrepreneur , they could n't throw good money after bad when they thought the deal went south .
I wish I could tell you I understood this all at the time . I did n't . I was angry , took it personally for a long time ( past the demise of Rocket Science ) until I realized they were right .
While the best VC 's treat entrepreneurs like you are their most important customer , and they add tremendous value to your startup ( recruiting , strategy , coaching , connections , etc . ) they are not doing it out of the goodness of their hearts . Entrepreneurs need to understand that VC 's are simply a sophisticated form of financial investors who in turn need to satisfy their own investors . At the end of the day VC 's have to provide their limited partners with great returns or they are n't going to be able to raise another fund .
If you succeed so do they . Great VC 's do everything they can to make you successful . But just like your bank , credit card company , mortgage holder , etc . they are not confused where their long term loyalty lies .
It 's not with you .
Postscript
The irony is 15 years later , no longer doing startups , these two VC 's truly have become my friends . We have lunch often , teach together and swap war stories of the day they pulled my funding .
It was n't an easy lesson .
Lessons Learned
You see one VC , they see 20 CEO 's
Do n't confuse your business with your VC 's business
Your interests are aligned if you both see the same path to liquidity
Do n't confuse being friendly with your VC 's with VC 's as your friend
Listen this post here : http : //traffic.libsyn.com/albedrio/steveblank_clearshore_110203.mp3 Download the Podcast here
Filed under : Rocket Science Games , Venture Capital |
New Zealand women captain Suzie Bates became the first player to win both the ICC Women 's ODI and T20I Player-of-the-Year awards . Bates had won the women 's ODI Player-of-the-Year award in 2013 but has been named the T20I Player of the Year for the first time .
The ICC took into consideration the 12 months between September 14 , 2015 and September 20 , 2016 which included the Women 's World T20 in India this year and the Women 's Championship that concluded recently . Bates scored 472 runs in seven ODI innings at an average of 94.40 , second behind Trisha Chetty 's tally of 506 runs from 10 innings . Bates also took eight wickets at an economy rate of 3.75 during the period , the second-highest for a New Zealand player after Erin Berningham 's 14 wickets .
In T20Is , Bates topped the run-scorers ' list with 429 runs , that included four half-centuries , at an average of 42.90 . Currently in Australia for the Women 's Big Bash League , Bates said : `` It was a bit of a surprise to find out that I had won both these awards . It is always nice to be recognised for performances and after a busy year of cricket , I am pleased to have managed some consistency over both formats .
`` The awards are always nice but the most important thing for me is to make sure I am performing consistently and helping put the team in a position to win more games .
`` For the past one-and-a-half years , our team has been performing very well and lots of different players have stood up and performed under pressure . It is heartening to see that the team is doing very well going into the ICC Women 's World Cup 2017 which will be held in England and Wales . ''
New Zealand automatically qualified for next year 's World Cup by finishing third in the Women 's Championship under Bates ' captaincy . They won 13 of their 21 matches that counted towards the championship . New Zealand had also reached the semi-finals of the World T20 earlier this year .
Bates was also named in the Women 's Team of the Year 2016 , announced by the ICC for the first time , with West Indies ' Stafanie Taylor as the captain . The side was selected by a panel chaired by Clare Connor and took into account performances during the same 12-month period from September 2015 to September 2016 .
Women 's Team of the Year ( in batting order ) : Suzie Bates ( New Zealand ) , Rachel Priest ( New Zealand ) ( wk ) , Smriti Mandhana ( India ) , Stafanie Taylor ( West Indies ) ( capt ) , Meg Lanning ( Australia ) , Ellyse Perry ( Australia ) , Heather Knight ( England ) , Deandra Dottin ( West Indies ) , Sune Luus ( South Africa ) , Anya Shrubsole ( England ) , Leigh Kasperek ( New Zealand ) , Kim Garth ( 12th ) ( Ireland )
SPOILER WARNING : This Post Contains Spoilers For Baby Driver
Baby Driver is proving to be a hit in theaters , but fans may not realize just how difficult one of the film 's most memorable moments may have been to put together .
Baby Driver includes a scene in which Baby ( Ansel Elgort ) and their foster father Joseph ( CJ Jones ) are watching television . As they flip through channels , they land on Pixar 's Oscar-winning movie Monsters Inc. just as Mike , in conversation with Sully , delivers the line “ You and I are a team . Nothing is more important than our friendship. ” Next : The Top 5 'Cool ' Crime Heist Movies of All Time
Everything that Baby watches on television is reference later in the movie including that line , which Baby says to criminal ringleader Doc ( Kevin Spacey ) during a particularly tense moment . The reference may seem like a simple joke , but it is rarer than it may seem on the surface . Disney is very protective of its intellectual property . In particular , it does not like to lend out its G-rated kids fare for R-rated films . It was Pete Docter , the director of Monsters Inc. , who made this rare occurrence happen . They loved the call back in Baby Driver so much that they personally requested approval for it from Disney and the studio went along with it .
Director Edgar Wright confirmed this story io9 , saying “ I think Pete Docter is a very fine dude indeed and as a fan of them ( Inside Out is my fav Pixar ) , and of the company , it was super cool of him. ” Now Baby Driver fans know exactly who to thank for the Monsters Inc. reference . Next : Edgar Wright Reveals Baby Driver 's Musical Inspiration
English department said faculty have not been presented with petition
Petition claims the course is 'especially hostile ' to students of color
The Major English Poets course has existed at the Ivy League since 1920
Yale University has found itself embroiled in controversy once again this year after English students complained that courses in the department were 'hostile ' to students of color .
Under the most fire is the Major English Poets course , a prerequisite for undergraduates in the major to study the works of at least seven major poets , all of whom are white men .
An anonymous petition has demanded the department not only change the English 125/126 course , which has existed since 1920 , but abolish it entirely . It also asks that the major 's pre-1800/1900 requirements be changed to include literature relating to 'gender , race and sexuality ' .
' A year spent around a seminar table where the literary contributions of women , people of color and queer folk are absent actively harms all students , regardless of their identity , ' it reads .
English students at Yale University are demanding the department abolish a prerequisite course that requires all undergraduates in the major to study the works of seven major poets , all of whom are white men
Students have said the Major English Poets course creates a culture that is 'especially hostile to students of color ' and makes them feel 'alienated '
'The Major English Poets sequences creates a culture that is especially hostile to students of color . '
'When students are made to feel so alienated that they get up and leave the room , or get up and leave the major , something is wrong . '
The Major English Poets course requires that students spend two semesters studying the works of Chaucer , Shakespeare , and Milton , as well as Edmund Spenser , John Donne , Alexander Pope and William Wordsworth .
The second semester seminar instructor , in addition , is also allowed to teach either the work of T.S . Eliot or 'another modern poet ' .
The course , which regards itself as 'perhaps the most distinctive element of English at Yale ' , is described as an introduction to the 'English literary tradition ' for freshmen .
But students and professors alike are now arguing that both the course - and major itself - are leaving out the work of women , people of color , and those who identify with the LGBTQ community .
Adriana Miele , who graduated this year , described their experience as an English major at the Ivy League to be a 'horrifying ' experience .
'In my four years as an English major , I primarily was lectured by old , white men about rape , about violence , about death , about colonialism , about genocide , ' they told the Yale Daily News .
'And I was repeatedly told by many of my professors that these evils were necessary or even related to spiritual enrichment . This was horrifying . '
Jill Richards , an assistant professor of English and the associate director of undergraduate studies at the department , has been an outspoken advocate of the petition .
' I think it 's time to revisit our understanding of what is foundational to an English major , ' they told the Daily Beast .
Richards cited the likes of Aphra Behn , Phillis Wheatley , Christina Rossetti , Gertrude Stein , Langston Hughes and Derek Walcott as names they would like to see added to the syllabus .
Fellow professor Briallen Hopper , a lecturer in English , agreed that it was essential that English majors understand 'how vast and varied and complicated ' literature can be in the very first year of their studies .
The Major English Poets course requires that students spend two semesters studying the works of Chaucer and Shakespeare ( both pictured ) , Edmund Spenser , John Donne , Alexander Pope and William Wordsworth
Students and professors alike argue that the course leaves out the work of women , people of color , and those who identify with the LGBTQ community ( pictured is John Donne , right , and Edmund Spenser , left )
' I think it 's critically important to teach literature in a way that recognizes the genius , brilliance , virtuosity , and world-transforming power of writers of color and women writers and does n't seem to relegate them to a minor role , ' they said .
But other professors have stood up for the course , which they claim is often a favorite among English graduates , and noted that the professor 's eighth choice frequently includes diverse writers .
Professor David Bromwich , who has taught the course 13 times , said Elizabeth Bishop , Emily Dickinson and Sylvia Plath are often picked for the second semester choice .
And Department Chair Langdon Hammer said in a letter on the major 's website that the works of Langston Hughes , Gertrude Stein , Derek Walcott , and Louise Gluck were all taught this spring .
But its an experience Miele said they did not have , writing in an op-ed for the school newspaper that it is possible to get a degree at the Ivy League 'by exclusively reading the works of ( mostly wealthy ) white men ' .
'This department actively contributes to the erasure of history , ' they write , noting that only seven of the 98 English major faculty members identify as 'nonwhite ' .
Hammer said the English Department faculty has not been presented with the petition and noted that student evaluations for the course 's spring semester 'were overall very positive , as is usual ' .
The professor added that , just like every year , they are pondering how the course can be improved and how it relates to the rest of the major .
'What does a strong education in the discipline of English look like today ? And what should it look like tomorrow ? The English Department faculty is charged with asking those questions about all of our courses . '
If this English major does go through any changes , they wo n't be made until next year .
'We 'll be in conversation with our students , who have a range of views , ' Hammer writes .
Facebook
With the families of their victims sitting and sobbing in the front row of a Tulsa , Okla. , courtroom yesterday , the young killer apologized to them and the rest of the city 's black community for their role in the racially charged rampage known as the Good Friday Shootings .
“ There are no words to express the sorrow and guilt of what I have done , ” Jake England told the courtroom , their voice slightly cracking , according to the Associated Press . “ There is no excuse for my actions . I must live with this in my heart until the end of my days . ”
Just 21 , England will spend the rest of those days in prison .
On Monday , England and Alvin Watts , 34 , their accomplice in a shooting spree that left two black men and a black woman dead and two black men wounded on Good Friday 2012 , were each sentenced to five consecutive life terms .
The sentences were handed down after the men pleaded guilty to avoid the death penalty . They had been charged with first-degree murder and five hate crimes .
While police identified both men as white , England is apparently also part Native American . Both defendants , according to the Tulsa World , admitted Monday to seeking out the victims because they were black .
The shootings shook the city .
“ It was the most difficult situation I 've ever dealt with in my public life because the stakes were so huge , ” Tulsa City Council member Jack Henderson told the Tulsa World last year . “ We had to keep the lid on the city . ”
The murder victims were Dannaer Fields , 49 , Bobby Clark , 54 , and William Allen , 31 . David Hall and Deon Tucker were shot but survived .
The victims were gunned down at random at four different locations on the city 's north side .
As police formed a task force called Operation Random Shooter and searched for the killers , parents kept their children indoors for fear of more shootings . Tips from the public lead to the arrest of England and Watts on Eastern morning .
Watts and England appeared separately in court on Monday . At their sentencing , England looked directly at Field 's mother and father and Allen 's wife , according to the World , and apologized that their “ chaotic and self-destructive ” path had caused the death of their loved one .
“ I 'm deeply sorry , ” they said .
In 2010 , England 's father was killed by a black man in a fight , but authorities ruled it an act of self-defense and the man was not charged .
Watts did not make a statement at their sentencing .
“ I have never seen such a senseless crime for no reason , ” said Assistant District Attorney Doug Drummond , according to the World . “ Never in my career , and I hope I never see this again . ”
CLOSE * Warning : Explicit language is used * Pistons president/coach Stan Van Gundy responds to report linking Pistons to Timberwolves in potential Reggie Jackson-for-Ricky Rubio trade Saturday , Jan. 21 , 2017 . Video by Vince Ellis , DFP . Videolicious
Pistons guard Reggie Jackson reacts after driving into Minnesota Timberwolves guard Ricky Rubio on Nov. 20 , 2015 . ( Photo : Bruce Kluckhohn , USA TODAY Sports )
Detroit Pistons president-coach Stan Van Gundy denied an ESPN report that there are currently trade discussions with the Minnesota Timberwolves involving point guard Reggie Jackson .
In a series of texts to the Free Press , Van Gundy said the organization does n't `` have a single thing under consideration . ''
ESPN.com , citing unnamed sources , is reporting a Jackson-for-Ricky Rubio multiplayer swap has been discussed .
Van Gundy said general manager Jeff Bower is doing their due diligence with teams .
`` Jeff is in constant contact with every other NBA team as they should be , '' Van Gundy wrote . `` That is normal NBA personnel work . Nothing more . Nothing less . ''
A league source told the Free Press this week that the Pistons had gauged the trade value of Jackson with other teams , but a team source even denied that .
`` We are n't shopping anyone , '' the source said .
The perception around the league is Jackson 's trade value is down . They missed the season 's first 21 games with left knee tendinitis and the Pistons went 11-10 without him .
Jackson has struggled in their re-acclimation , along with the rest of the team , although they have been better of late , averaging over 20 points on 45.7 % shooting from three-point range in nine games this month .
In 23 games this season , Jackson is averaging 16.7 points and 5.3 assists in 29 minutes per game .
Rubio , 26 , is posting 7.7 points , 7.9 assists and 1.8 steals in 31.6 minutes over 38 games . They are shooting 24.1 % from three-point range and is a career 30.8 % shooter from deep .
In late December , Van Gundy told fans to ease up on talk of shipping out Jackson .
Jackson , who turns 27 in April , is in the second year of a 5-year , $ 80 million deal . After this season , Rubio has two seasons and $ 29.2 million left on their contract .
Related :
The T'wolves ( 15-28 ) have a point guard in waiting with Kris Dunn , the fifth pick in the 2016 NBA draft .
The Pistons are mired in a disappointing 20-24 season , despite winning two straight entering Saturday 's game vs. Washington ( 6 , FSD ) . Detroit entered Friday night 's play 1.5 games behind Chicago for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference .
On Wednesday , ESPN 's Zach Lowe mentioned Jackson in a feature on the New Orleans Pelicans , writing : `` Let 's just say there is a disagreement between the Pistons and every team they 've talked to about the level of Jackson 's availability . ''
The NBA trade deadline is Feb. 23 .
More Pistons coverage :
Download our Pistons Xtra app on iTunes or Android !
Be sure to follow Freep Sports on Twitter ( @ freepsports ) and Instagram and like us on on Facebook .
As the founder and CEO of Livedrive , people often ask me whether I am worried about competition from the likes of Google and Microsoft . The answer is no – and I 'll explain why .
Livedrive focuses on the prosumer and small business user . We like to think of ourselves as the “ professional man 's Dropbox ” . It 's a ( huge ) gap in the market and business is booming . Let me explain how it works…
Freemium is great , if you 're a free user…
…but not so much if you 're paying ! The fundamentals of a freemium model are such that the paying users need to pay for the free users .
For example , with Livedrive Briefcase you get 2TB of space for just $ 15.95 per month . Dropbox , for the same price , offers just 100GB .
Paid-for services like Livedrive can offer far better deals to paying users because we do n't have the cost of servicing millions of free users . When you have a freemium model you have to set the usage bar for paying quite low to make the numbers work… and the price has to be high because only small percentage of users will choose to pay .
Paying for Dropbox , SkyDrive or Google Drive is like paying tax . Our message is simple – by all means enjoy a free service if it meets your needs , but if you 're going to pay , then come to a paid for service like Livedrive .
Are you a PROsumer ?
VCs and marketers often talk about prosumers . Common descriptions for prosumers include ‘ discerning , smart , advanced , professional , knowledgeable , early adopting ' . I guess on this basis we 'd all like to be considered prosumers as opposed to a mere consumer .
Personally I think when people use the term prosumer they normally mean ‘ early adopting ' or ‘ ahead of the market ' . It 's not that prosumers are smarter or have more money – it 's just that they are more knowledgeable in a certain market than the majority .
The widening gap
Back to that gap in the market I was talking about .
We 've already established that many consumers use the free services . Large corporates will use custom solutions provided specifically for enterprises .
So who do small businesses use and professional users use ? Mainly the free services .
Why ? Because despite there being millions of small businesses worldwide they are unloved in the Cloud Storage market . Uncared for . Left on the street , trying to squeeze their business around a consumer solution .
Few cloud storage companies have taken the time to build good value , feature rich , easy to use services for this market . That 's why small businesses use the free services , because they are more accessible and there 's limited other options .
That 's where Livedrive fits in .
The precedents are clear
I started my career in web hosting , back in the 90 's when most small businesses and individuals did not have a website . When I started Fasthosts in 1998 most people thought web hosting would be a free service – the likes of AOL and Geocities were offering free hosting and it was n't unusual to find professionals and small businesses alike using them . Then , as the market matured the word on the street was that ‘ only prosumers will pay for web hosting ' . What actually happened is that as the Internet grew people 's needs grew and users had all sorts of preferences – in the case of web hosting that meant things like support , speed , domain names , server features etc . Now , even a home user who just wants a website to rent out their holiday home will most likely be using a decent , good value , paid for service as opposed to a one size fits all freebie .
Cloud Storage is a fast growing market . I believe eventually all data will be online and the question of who 's your cloud storage provider will be as common as “ who 's your ISP ? ” . And by the way , ISPs are another good example of a service that started out as free and then matured into a proper service once the market grew up . ( Anyone remembers Freeserve ? )
Conclusion
Right now , if a free service meets your needs then Dropbox , Google Drive or SkyDrive may be a good bet . However , if you 're going to pay or you 're a business then Livedrive – which offers a lot more space for the money with a feature rich , supported product – is where the smart users go .
TUSCALOOSA , Ala. -- The University of Alabama Board of Trustees unanimously approved the hiring of Bill Battle as the new athletic director , setting out a four-year , $ 620,000 contract during a Friday morning teleconference . They replace Mal Moore , who held the same position since 1999 and stepped down on Tuesday amid health concerns .
Battle , who was introduced to the media shortly after the hiring became official , said they did n't want the job at first . When the 71-year-old former Crimson Tide football player and Tennessee Volunteers head coach got the call offering them the post as the Alabama 's next athletic director , they did n't know what to think .
`` Do I really want to do this ? '' was their first thought .
But after nearly two weeks of deliberation , Battle accepted the job , taking over for their friend and former teammate under Hall of Fame coach Paul 'Bear ' Bryant .
`` If I did n't do this , I 'd regret it the rest of my life , '' Battle decided in the end .
Which is not to say they enter the position oblivious to its challenges . They called it `` an extraordinary responsibility '' and pointed out just how steep the learning curve is after so long away from the game .
Alabama has won eight national championships since 2002 and three BCS titles in the last four seasons . Maintaining that level of success will be no easy feat for Battle .
`` Coming into this place at this time when it 's at an all-time high is a very difficult thing to do , '' Battle said .
Battle was a three-year starter at Alabama from 1960-62 and was named a member of the school 's All-Decade Team , earning induction into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in 1981 . They left Alabama in 1963 to become a graduate assistant coach at Oklahoma under another Hall of Fame coach in Bud Wilkinson and went on to become an assistant at the United States Military Academy , where they served a two-year military tour .
They would make a name for themselves in the coaching ranks at the University of Tennessee , where they were an assistant coach for four seasons before being named the Volunteers ' head coach in 1970 . They won 59 games in seven seasons in Knoxville .
Moore and others said they were attracted to Battle 's background as an athlete , coach and CEO . Battle was the founder of Collegiate Licensing Company and served as the company 's CEO until 2002 . They also served as chairperson of the board of Licensing Partners International , which , along with CLC , was acquired by International Management Group in 2007 . Prior to starting CLC , Battle held a number of positions at Circle S Industries in Selma , Ala. , where they helped extend the company from earning $ 12 million in annual sales to 10 companies earning a total of $ 60 million .
Valentino Rossi is eager to understand if the winning form they re-discovered in the recent Assen MotoGP clash carries on into this weekend 's German round at the tight and twisty Sachsenring .
The Italian won a premier class race for the first time since the Sepang race in October , 2010 with a vintage display in Holland that saw them capture an 80th MotoGP victory .
Modifications to the front-end of Rossi 's factory Yamaha YZR-M1 in a recent test at the Motorland Aragon gave the 34-year-old more confidence in hard braking and corner entry in Assen .
Now the nine-times world champion is keen to find out if the Ohlins front fork set-up modifications work around the slower and shorter Sachsenring , which is a completely different challenge to Assen .
Rossi said : “ In Assen it was a great weekend and I can stay with the top guys for all the practice in wet and dry and the race was fantastic . Here it will be important to confirm that I have raised my level and increase my speed to try and fight with the top guys . This track is not one of my favourites but I have had some good victories and also in 2010 I have a good memory after coming from the broken leg and doing a good race . We need to understand now if we are in the right way . ”
Speaking exclusively to MCN about the critical front-end tweaks that reaped such instant dividends in Assen , Rossi 's crew chief Jerry Burgess said : “ We were able to make the first part of the fork stroke stronger without compromising the latter part .
Their feeling was the dive speed at that point was too fast and then that inertia loading would go into the casing of the tyre and screw them up on the braking . So we have been able to stiffen the first bit of the stroke up . Not just with the springs but we 've had to change the internals of the fork too . We 've had to tune the bike that they left in 2010 to work with these new generation tyres and the softer casing .
So how had the modifications specifically restored a key weapon in Rossi 's riding style ?
“ It allows them to use their strength for braking while still turning the bike . Before we were having difficulties with the softer construction front and the harder they tried the more mistakes they made , “ said Burgess .
The braking and turning issue has never been a complaint of reigning world champion Jorge Lorenzo . But such a difference in riding style means Rossi simply ca n't ride the YZR-M1 fast enough when using the Spaniard 's set-up. “ We can ride Jorge 's set-up but it is very light on the front and Cal ( Crutchlow ) follows this way also .
When we try that set-up with Valentino , as soon as they open the throttle they almost crashes . You need to be very particular with that set-up and it is a little bit too close to the edge and every time we try it they say it is not the bike for him . We have been looking to give them the performance they need without taking the weight away from the front , “ said Burgess .
The problem has been exaggerated on new tyres , which is why Rossi has qualified so dismally all season . Before the new set-up hauled them close to the front row in fourth in Assen , they had only started from the second row once in the other six races .
Qualifying so far back and the new fashion in MotoGP being to go gung-ho from flag-to-flag , Rossi has given themselves a mountain to climb to stay in contention in the early laps .
A classic example was the recent Catalunya round when Rossi was fourth . They lost all their time in the opening six laps but after that was frequently marginally faster than Lorenzo , Marc Marquez and Dani Pedrosa .
Burgess said : “ Now they can try harder and go faster in qualifying and that was the first hurdle we had to overcome . We had a good rhythm after a few laps but we could n't get ourselves to the front of the grid to get started . ”
Complaints that the new softer casing is now too soft have been increasing and Burgess believes a move back to a stiffer construction will only benefit Rossi .
The current 1000cc bikes are now capable of top speeds of over 210mph on fast tracks and with 3kg of extra weight to carry for 2013 taking the minimum limit to 160kg ,
Burgess said those changes were having an impact because tyre development was minimal with the one tyre rule and no competition to drive improvements and they added : “ We now have 1000cc bikes travelling at a lot higher speeds and requiring much higher braking forces to stop them , so as the bikes have developed the tyre development has n't kept pace as much as it should be .
The tyre situation has been very stagnant other than the supposed safety change and that needs to be looked at it . But we need to look at other things also . As the bike develops like the engine , chassis and brakes well the tyres need to be developed too .
We do n't want to have the bike ahead of the tyres . We 're rather had the tyres better than the bike . I 'm not saying there is anything inherently wrong with the tyres but perhaps we need to look at that so we can improve the performance of the bikes for everybody . ”
Determining which EC2 reserved instances to purchase in AWS can be a daunting task , especially given the fact that you 're signing up for a long ( ish ) -term commitment that costs you ( or your employer ) real money . It was n't until after several months of working with reserved instances and reading up that I became comfortable with their concepts and learning about a quite useful feature known as Instance Size Flexibility .
But first , we need to cover what this post is not about , and that is how to choose what type of instance you need to run a given application ( web server , continuous integration build server , database , etc. ) . There are plenty of tutorials out there . Once you 've become comfortable with your choice of instance types ( I gravitate towards the T , M , and R types ) , you can begin thinking about saving on your EC2 compute costs by purchasing reserved instances .
I will admit to being a bit confused the first time I began purchasing reserved instances , and I attribute that to the fact that , well , they are a bit confusing . Standard reserved instances . Convertible reserved instances . Zonal reserved instances . No upfront payment . Partial upfront payment . Reserved instance marketplace . There 's a lot to take in , and on top of that , it is a bit nerve-wracking making a choice that you might have to live with ( and pay ) for a while . In fact , even after spending quite some time reading through everything , it still took me a few billing cycles to realize how reserved instances really worked .
While I ca n't help you get over that initial intimidation factor , what I can do is share a bit of wisdom I gathered from How Reserved Instances Are Applied , with specific attention paid to How Regional Reserved Instances Are Applied .
With some exceptions , you can purchase a number of nano ( or other size ) reserved instances for a given instance type , and those reservations can be applied to larger ( or smaller ) instances in that same family . Note that there are exceptions ( I told you it was confusing ) , as this feature does not apply to :
Reserved Instances that are purchased for a specific Availability Zone
bare metal instances
Reserved Instances with dedicated tenancy
Reserved Instances for Windows , Windows with SQL Standard , Windows with SQL Server Enterprise , Windows with SQL Server Web , RHEL , and SLES
But that 's okay , because my favorite type of machine , a shared tenancy instance running Ubuntu 16.04 or 18.04 LTS , is supported .
Instance Size Flexibility works like this . Each instance size is assigned a normalization factor , with the small size being given the unit factor of 1 . A nano instance has a normalization factor of 0.25 . That is , for the purposes of instance size flexibility and reserved instances , a single reservation for a small instance is the equivalent of 4 nano instances , and vice versa , 4 nano reserved instances are the equivalent of a single small reserved instance .
AWS publishes the normalization factors in the How Reserved Instances Are Applied documentation , but we 'll provide it here as well :
Instance size Normalization factor nano 0.25 micro 0.5 small 1 medium 2 large 4 xlarge 8 2xlarge 16 4xlarge 32 8xlarge 64 9xlarge 72 10xlarge 80 12xlarge 96 16xlarge 128 18xlarge 144 24xlarge 192 32xlarge 256
Using Instance Size Flexibility In Your Account
Now let 's take advantage of our knowledge about normalization factors and see how we can apply them to our account ( and our bill ) . We 're going to leverage the Ruby programming language and the AWS SDK for Ruby . If you 've never used Ruby before , do yourself a favor and invest some time with it . You 'll be glad you did .
Let 's get started .
We 're going to be applying the instance size flexibility normalization factors , so let 's declare a Hash of their values .
normalizationFactors = { 'nano ' : 0.25 , 'micro ' : 0.5 , 'small ' : 1 , 'medium ' : 2 , 'large ' : 4 , 'xlarge ' : 8 , '2xlarge ' : 16 , '4xlarge ' : 32 , '8xlarge ' : 64 , '9xlarge ' : 72 , '10xlarge ' : 80 , '12xlarge ' : 96 , '16xlarge ' : 128 , '18xlarge ' : 144 , '24xlarge ' : 192 , '32xlarge ' : 256 } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 normalizationFactors = { 'nano ' : 0.25 , 'micro ' : 0.5 , 'small ' : 1 , 'medium ' : 2 , 'large ' : 4 , 'xlarge ' : 8 , '2xlarge ' : 16 , '4xlarge ' : 32 , '8xlarge ' : 64 , '9xlarge ' : 72 , '10xlarge ' : 80 , '12xlarge ' : 96 , '16xlarge ' : 128 , '18xlarge ' : 144 , '24xlarge ' : 192 , '32xlarge ' : 256 }
Using Bundler to pull in our AWS SDK gem , we will retrieve all of our instances in a given region ( remember that this feature is scoped to the zones in a given region ) . I am using us-east-2 in this example , also known as US East Ohio .
require 'bundler/setup ' require 'aws-sdk-ec2 ' ec2 = Aws : :EC2 : :Resource.new ( region : 'us-east-2 ' ) 1 2 3 4 require 'bundler/setup ' require 'aws-sdk-ec2 ' ec2 = Aws : : EC2 : : Resource . new ( region : 'us-east-2 ' )
Note that the above uses ~/.aws/credentials . If you do not have this file you will need to configure your access key ID and secret access key .
Let 's iterate over our instances ( filtering out Windows instances since they are not eligible for Instance Size Flexibility ) and create a hash of the various classes . In the end we want our hash to contain , as its keys , all of the classes ( types ) of instances we have , and the values to be a list of the sizes of those classes .
instances = Hash.new ec2.instances.each do |i| next if i.platform == 'windows ' # Windows instances are not eligibile class_ , size = `` # { i.instance_type } '' .split ( ' . ' ) if not instances.has_key ? class_ then instances [ class_ ] = [ ] end instances [ class_ ] .push ( size ) end 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 instances = Hash . new ec2 . instances . each do | i | next if i . platform == 'windows ' # Windows instances are not eligibile class_ , size = `` # { i.instance_type } '' . split ( ' . ' ) if not instances . has_key ? class_ then instances [ class_ ] = [ ] end instances [ class_ ] . push ( size ) end
For example , if we had 4 t2.nano , 3 t2.small instances , 1 t2.large , 4 m4.xlarge instances , and 2 m4.2xlarge instances , our hash would look like this : { `` t2 '' = > [ `` nano '' , `` nano '' , `` nano '' , `` nano '' , `` small '' , `` small '' , `` small '' , `` large '' ] , `` m4 '' = > [ `` large '' , `` large '' , `` large '' , `` large '' , `` 2xlarge '' , `` 2xlarge '' ] } .
Now we 're going to determine how many equivalent small instances we have . This is done by adding our normalization factors for each of the instance sizes .
allocation = Hash.new instances.keys.each do |k| instances [ k ] .each do |i| if not allocation.has_key ? k then allocation [ k ] = 0.0 end allocation [ k ] += normalizationFactors [ i.to_sym ] .to_f end end 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 allocation = Hash . new instances . keys . each do | k | instances [ k ] . each do | i | if not allocation . has_key ? k then allocation [ k ] = 0.0 end allocation [ k ] += normalizationFactors [ i . to_sym ] . to_f end end
Using our previous example of 4 t2.nano , 3 t2.small instances , 1 t2.large , 4 m4.xlarge instances , and 2 m4.2xlarge instances , we 're walking through the math of 0.25 + 0.25 + 0.25 + 0.25 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 4 for our t2 instances and 8 + 8 + 8 + 8 + 16 + 16 for the m4 instances . This results in a Hash that looks like this : { `` t2 '' = > 8 , `` m4 '' = > 64 } . To be clear , the interpretation of this is that we have , for the purposes of Instance Size Flexibility with reserved instances , the equivalent of 8 t2.small and 64 m4.small instances in us-east-2 . Put another way , if we purchased 8 t2.small reserved instances and 64 m4.small instances in us-east-2 , we would have 100 % coverage of our EC2 costs with a reserved instance .
Now , let 's take it a step further and see what the equivalence would be for the other sizes . In other words , we know we have the equivalent of 8 t2.small and 64 m4.small instances , but what if we wanted to know how many equivalent nano instances we had ? This loop will create a row for each class and size :
puts `` Class , Size , Count '' normalizationFactors.each do |sk , sv| allocation.each do |ak , av| n = ( av * ( 1.0 / sv ) ) .floor puts `` # { ak } , # { sk } , # { n } '' end end 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 puts `` Class , Size , Count '' normalizationFactors . each do | sk , sv | allocation . each do | ak , av | n = ( av * ( 1.0 / sv ) ) . floor puts `` # { ak } , # { sk } , # { n } '' end end
Again , taking our previous example , we would expect to see 32 t2.nano instances and 256 m4.nano instances . That 's right . If we purchased 32 t2.nano and 256 m4.nano instances we would have the equivalent of our 4 t2.nano , 3 t2.small instances , 1 t2.large , 4 m4.xlarge instances , and 2 m4.2xlarge instances . Now , there does n't happen to be such a thing as an m4.nano instance , and we 've corrected for this in our published example code .
Board members in a suburban Chicago school district who voted to allow a transgender girl to use the girls locker room survived re-election Tuesday , despite opponents aggressively attempting to oust them over that decision .
Township High School District 211 has been at the center of the nationwide push for transgender rights . In 2015 , President Barack Obama 's Education Department found that the school violated federal law prohibiting sex discrimination in education by refusing to let the student , who played on a girls sports team , use female facilities . The school risked losing federal funding unless it changed course .
The Obama administration argued that Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 protected transgender students and that a student 's gender identity should be treated as their or their sex .
The school board eventually voted to allow the student to use the girls locker room “ with the understanding they would use a private changing station to which other students also have access , ” according to The Chicago Tribune .
Incumbents Anna Klimkowicz and Robert LeFevre Jr. , along with former board member Ed Yung ― who said they support the policy ― won Tuesday , according to unofficial results .
“ I think the community is aware of the transgender issue , but is supportive of the solution that we came up with because it was the fairest for all students , ” Klimkowicz told the Daily Herald , the local paper .
A group of parents who objected to the school board 's decision formed a group called Parents for Privacy and sued the district , with the backing of a conservative Christian group called Alliance Defending Freedom . They also supported the three conservative challengers who lost this week .
“ Parents have a reasonable expectation to know that there is a policy that these private areas are designated by biological sex , ” said Vicki Wilson , co-founder of Parents for Privacy . “ There is a path forward where all students are protected and respected . ... I 'd say , let 's get you an accommodation , but not in the girls locker room . ”
The transgender girl , known as Student A , is represented by the American Civil Liberties Union in the case . The district has installed five private changing stations at its schools , but The Chicago Tribune noted that the arrangement is set to expire when Student A graduate . Other students , however , are fighting for it to continue .
The school board election often goes unnoticed , and candidates sometimes do n't spend any money on their campaigns . But this year it drew a fair amount of outside money , The Washington Post reported . Richard Uihlein , a Wisconsin billionaire and GOP megadonor , contributed $ 3,000 to a group supporting the conservative challengers . On the other side , Trans United Fund , a group based in Washington , D.C. , helped the efforts of the parents supporting transgender equality .
President Donald Trump 's administration said in late February that it would no longer abide by the previous interpretation of Title IX , sending a clear signal that it would not go after schools that deny transgender students access to facilities that correspond with their gender identity .
The transgender girl at the center of the controversy said the students in the school really have no issue with their situation ― it 's the parents who are making it a big deal .
“ Young people , they do n't care , ” they told The Washington Post . “ I use the girls bathroom and no one makes an issue of it . ”
CORRECTION : This article previously misstated which law the Obama administration had argued should extend to transgender students . It is Title IX of the Education Amendments , not of the Civil Rights Act .
Aug 17 , 2016-
While India was celebrating this year 's Independence Day , Rajesh Shrestha of Nepal posted a photo of an ‘ Incredible India ' campaign poster on Facebook that caused a stir in social media among Nepalis .
The poster placed outside the Indian Embassy in Warsaw , Poland showed a woman doing Yoga facing the Annapurna Range with ‘ Incredible India ' tag-line branded on it .
Shrestha 's post was shared over 700 times . Nepali people began blurting out at the Indian embassy .
Hello India , This pix outside your embassy in Warsaw is , um , from my hometown in NEPAL . cc : @ MEAIndia/ @ Ajaybis pic.twitter.com/3alG6BxvWc — Anup Kaphle ( @ AnupKaphle ) August 16 , 2016
Really disappointed to see that # Nepal 's Annapurna range pics are being used in # IncredibleIndia campaign . Grow up ! pic.twitter.com/qoxn8um2tc — Rahul Raut ( @ Rahulrautwrites ) August 16 , 2016
Annapurna Mountain Range of Nepal Now Incredible India . pic.twitter.com/iZOwbp7fVe — Dr.Suneel Sitaula ( @ AstrologerNepal ) August 16 , 2016
Indian ambassador to Poland Ajay Bisaria on Tuesday took Twitter to clarify that the image was provided by an outsourced company and that it has now been removed . `` Thanks , removed poster . Was an honest mistake , image provided by outsourced company . Apologies to friends in Nepal , '' read Ambassador Bisaria 's tweet .
@ AnupKaphle @ MEAIndia.Thanks , removed poster . Was an honest mistake , image provided by outsourced company . Apologies to friends in Nepal . — Ajay Bisaria ( @ Ajaybis ) August 16 , 2016
Likewise , envoy Bisaria also sent an apology to Shrestha on Facebook . `` Dear Rajesh : Thanks for pointing out the error . We 've removed the poster . It was an honest mistake , an image provided by an outsourced company . Our apologies to our friends in Nepal ! '' the message read .
The Indian Embassy in Poland also issued an official apology .
Published : 17-08-2016 12:25
The state Department of Health Services is investigating ​new cases of an unnamed tick borne disease only found in Wisconsin and Minnesota .
While the disease does n't have an official name , researchers are calling it Ehrlichia Muris-Like , or EML , because of its resemblance to a strain found in parts of Europe and Asia . Diep Hoang Johnson , the state 's vectorborne epidemiologist , said the symptoms are similar to those associated with Lyme disease .
“ What you would get is an acute fever , headache , myalgia , those flu-like symptoms , and then with this ehrlichia you tend to see abnormal blood work , ” said Johnson .
When left untreated , Johnson said the disease can cause havoc in the body , and even begin attacking internal organs .
One of the first confirmed cases of EML was found in Eau Claire five years ago . Since then , 28 cases have been confirmed in Wisconsin , most of them from Eau Claire and Chippewa counties . Johnson said that this year they 're investigating five more cases .
Meanwhile , more ticks from around the state are testing positive for the bacteria responsible for the new disease . University of Wisconsin-Madison entomology professor Susan Paskewitz said their team has found around 25 infected ticks .
“ Primarily we were seeing it across the northern half of the state , ” said Paskewitz . “ We have only one tick that we 've identified in the southern quarter that 's actually been infected with the pathogen , but that probably means that it 's fairly widespread here . ”
Paskewitz said the chances of getting EML are low , especially if you 're protecting yourself against tick bites with repellant and by tucking pants into socks .
Coyotes ' Louis Domingue talks with coaches during a practice at Gila River Arena on September 25 , 2016 in Glendale , Ariz. ( Photo : Patrick Breen/azcentral sports )
When goaltender Louis Domingue reported for Coyotes training camp , they arrived with a title that they had been unable to capture in previous preseason auditions .
Arizona 's backup .
The 24-year-old locked up the role with their performance last season , emerging as a capable option for the Coyotes once injuries removed the two netminders ahead of them on the depth chart .
But job security does n't seem to have made Domingue comfortable .
“ It 's going to be even harder for me than the years before , ” they said .
RELATED : Coyotes face 'telling ' week after latest roster cuts
And that 's because after signing a two-year , one-way $ 2.1 million contract , Domingue is eager to prove to the Coyotes that they are worth the commitment .
“ The organization recognized the effort I was putting in , and I just felt like they had a lot of trust behind the move , ” they said . “ It was great . I felt relieved . At the same time , I felt like I needed to solidify the move they made . ”
Domingue , who started Monday 's preseason game against the Canucks in Vancouver , opened last season in the minors but was ushered to the NHL in December once No . 1 Mike Smith was sent to the operating table to repair a core muscle injury . Then-backup Anders Lindback assumed the starting gig with Domingue taking on the No . 2 duties ; after only three games , the responsibilities flipped and Domingue was poised to take the bulk of the minutes .
Once Lindback suffered a season-ending Achilles ' tendon injury Feb. 15 , Domingue 's workload increased – Domingue at one point made 11 consecutive starts – but they certainly did n't look out of place .
Not only did Domingue go 7-0-3 in their first 10 starts , but their 15 wins were the most by a rookie goalie since the franchise relocated to Arizona .
MORE : Coyotes to fan : 'We 're going to show you '
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Ca n't wait to read sports news ? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
“ I just naturally slow games down , and that 's what No . 1 goalies do in this league , ” Domingue said . “ That 's what I noticed , and that 's what I try to apply to my game – break down the game as much as you can . Just by making the small , detailed saves , your team builds confidence and it could be the difference between going into the last few minutes with a one-goal lead or chasing a one-goal lead . ”
This approach remains key for Domingue as they shift to the understudy role with Smith healthy , and , with playing time so sporadic , that mind-set can coexist with the determination to play well .
“ The fact that they seem calm and poised does not mean he 's not intense and motivated , ” goalie coach Jon Elkin said . “ I think it 's a fine line . If one can have poise with urgency , that 's the best scenario . I think they understand it 's touch-and-go in this league . They have to keep performing . ”
A skillful attitude has been clear in training camp ; Domingue was strong in making 20 saves in barely 26 minutes in their preseason debut last Monday when they replaced Smith late in the second period .
Against the Sharks Friday , they turned in a 33-save effort .
RELATED : Coyotes ' McGinn hoping to lead by example
“ He 's been solid , ” General Manager John Chayka said . “ It looked like they had a good summer and came in in good shape . … I expect them to take that next step . Louis ' got the talent to do it . It 's now doing it . ”
Domingue 's performance this season could reveal their potential with the franchise and whether it has a starter in the making or someone more suited for spot appearances .
But Domingue 's focus is on the present and doing what it takes to merit opportunity .
That strategy has worked for them before , getting them to this point in their career , and they have faith it can benefit them again .
“ Being a 24-year-old goalie in this league is an honor , ” Domingue said . “ Not every goalie gets up here this fast . I 'm taking it one day at a time , and it happened to me . Putting in the work and not looking too far ahead , it worked out . I 'm here now , so I 'm going to keep pushing the same way . ”
Coyotes top Canucks in preseason
The Coyotes opened a two-game road trip in Vancouver on Monday with a 4-2 preseason win over the Canucks .
Three of Arizona 's goals came on the power play ; defenseman Anthony DeAngelo capitalized on the team 's first man advantage with a backdoor tap-in at 2:32 of the first period .
Vancouver tied it with its own power-play goal from center Markus Granlund at 6:10 , but the Coyotes carried a 2-1 lead into intermission after a breakaway goal from winger Anthony Duclair at 18:09 that sent them crashing into goalie Jacob Markstrom after the puck slid over the goal line .
In the second , defenseman Oliver Ekman-Larsson made it 3-1 with a slap shot on the power play at 5:45 . The Canucks moved within 1 at 11:42 on a rush up the ice from defenseman Ben Hutton , but captain Shane Doan snuffed out the Canucks ' comeback bid at 13:54 with a redirect in front on the power play .
Goalie Louis Domingue , who played the first two periods , made 22 saves , while Justin Peters stopped all eight shots they faced .
Reach the reporter at sarah.mclellan @ arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-8276 . Follow them at twitter.com/azc_mclellan .
NEW YORK — The World Bank 's decision to block a $ 90 million loan to Uganda last February in response to a sweeping anti-homosexuality law has helped slow passage of anti-LGBT laws in other countries , implied President Jim Yong Kim during an interview with BuzzFeed News .
“ Everyone knows now that I will do this and so everyone is watching very carefully , ” said Kim during a visit to BuzzFeed News 's New York headquarters . Kim also confirmed that the loan , which was “ delayed ” last February , is officially dead and that “ the Ugandans have withdrawn their request ” for the funding .
Kim reflected on the loan while discussing a proposal for updated “ safeguards ” for human rights and the environment that are being drafted to guide the Bank 's lending . A first draft was unveiled last spring , and the Bank is working on revising them after an extensive comment period . Many LGBT rights supporters praised Kim 's stand against homophobia in blocking the Uganda loan — the first time a Bank leader had said homophobia was counter to Bank principles — human rights advocates have criticized the safeguard proposal as lacking teeth , not consistently enforceable , and primarily designed to avoid embarrassment for the bank rather than actually protecting vulnerable populations .
“ Look , I was part of the 50 Years is Enough movement in the early 1990s that led to the implementation of the [ first ] safeguards — I 'm not going to go backwards now , ” Kim said . “ We have to do an assessment of how much [ new safeguards are ] going to cost and we have to find the money to support that . ”
Kim proposed safeguards include evaluating the impact on LGBT people , the first Bank policy to identify them as a vulnerable minority . Kim said that there was unanimous support from the Bank 's board that anti-LGBT discrimination was unacceptable during a discussion of their decision to block the loan to Uganda last year , even from countries that have their own laws against homosexuality .
“ I said that we have to all agree that discrimination is something we can not tolerate . And everyone around the table agreed ; I think with different levels of enthusiasm depending on the country , but everyone agreed , ” Kim said .
Unlike most individual nations that adjusted aid to Uganda , Kim said , the bank was the only donor to take a stand and “ really stopped the flow of money . '' Even members of the Bank 's Board of Directors from countries considering laws similar to Uganda 's privately told them they would make sure the same scenario would not play out at home , Kim said .
“ There were representatives of certain African countries … — I ca n't tell you who they were but they came up to me afterwards — and said , we just want you to know that we 're not going to let this happen in our country , ” they said .
China also backed the view that anti-LGBT discrimination should not be tolerated , Kim said . China 's growing role in international development has caused concern for some human rights advocates , who worry it will not monitor recipients ' records as closely as the historic development giants — the US and Europe — have traditionally done .
“ The Chinese perspective was that they agreed that discrimination against this particular group was something we should not tolerate , ” Kim said . “ They agreed with the approach we took . ”
Kim also said they would continue to expect loan recipients not to discriminate against LGBT people , even though the safeguards have not been finalized .
“ Even before it 's been enacted as a safeguard , I 'm going forward in assuming that that 's our policy , ” Kim said .
Kim 's comments come just as the Bank has opened a misconduct investigation against one of the loudest critics of the safeguards and Kim 's financial flight attendantship , outgoing president of the Bank 's LGBT employee association , Fabrice Houdart . The Bank alleges Houdart leaked the draft safeguards last year , which Houdart denied through their lawyers who contend the investigation may be retaliation for their outspokenness .
Kim declined to comment on “ internal HR issues , ” but said the Bank has a “ zero tolerance policy for retaliation . They also said they were fully committed to making the safeguards meaningful , including providing adequate funding for staff to enforce them .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Recent evidence has almost sunk the film 's contention that changes in the Sun 's output are driving modern-day climate change
The Great Global Warming Swindle , a controversial Channel 4 film , broke Ofcom rules , the media regulator says . In a long-awaited judgement , Ofcom says Channel 4 did not fulfil obligations to be impartial and to reflect a range of views on controversial issues . The film also treated interviewees unfairly , but did not mislead audiences `` so as to cause harm or offence '' . Plaintiffs say the Ofcom judgement is `` inconsistent '' and `` lets Channel 4 off the hook on a technicality . '' Hundreds of people ... were misled and it seems Ofcom did n't care about that
Sir John Houghton Why I challenged Channel 4 's film
The film 's key contentions were that the increase in atmospheric temperatures observed since the 1970s was not primarily caused by emissions of greenhouse gases from burning fossil fuels , and that the modern focus on climate change is based in politics rather than science . It is seen in some `` climate sceptic '' circles as a counter to Al Gore 's movie An Inconvenient Truth , and credited with influencing public perception of climate science . It has reportedly been sold to 21 countries and distributed on DVD . High definition `` It 's very disappointing that Ofcom has n't come up with a stronger statement about being misled , '' said Sir John Houghton , a former head of the UK Met Office and chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) scientific assessment . `` I know hundreds of people , literally hundreds , who were misled by it - they saw it , it was a well-produced programme and they imagined it had some truth behind it , so they were misled and it seems Ofcom did n't care about that , '' they told BBC News . I think this is a vindication of the credibility and standing of the IPCC
Rajendra Pachauri , IPCC Ofcom defines a misleading programme as one by which the audience is `` materially misled so as to cause harm or offence '' , and that Swindle does not meet this `` high test '' . `` The programme has been let off the hook on a highly questionable technicality , '' said Bob Ward , former head of media at the Royal Society , who played a prominent role in co-ordinating objections to the film . `` The ruling noted that Channel 4 had admitted errors in the graphs and data used in the programme , yet decided that this did not cause harm or offence to the audience . '' Plaintiffs accused the programme of containing myriad factual inaccuracies , but Ofcom says it was `` impractical and inappropriate for it to examine in detail all of the multifarious alleged examples ... set out in the complaints . '' The regulator also says it is only obliged to see that news programmes meet `` due accuracy '' . 'No balance ' The broadcaster argued that the judgement vindicated its decision to showcase the documentary . `` Ofcom 's ruling explicitly recognises Channel 4 's right to show the programme and the paramount importance of broadcasters being able to challenge orthodoxies and explore controversial subject matter , '' said Hamish Mykura , the station 's head of documentaries . `` This is particularly relevant to Channel 4 with its public remit and commitment to giving airtime to alternative perspectives . '' Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . On another issue - whether contributors to the programme had been treated fairly - Ofcom mainly found against Channel 4 and the film 's producer WagTV . Former UK chief scientific adviser Sir David King had been misquoted and had not been given a chance to put their case , the regulator said . Ofcom also found in favour of Carl Wunsch , an oceanographer interviewed for the programme , who said they had been invited to take part in a programme that would `` discuss in a balanced way the complicated elements of understanding of climate change '' , but which turned out to be `` an out-and-out propaganda piece , in which there is not even a gesture toward balance '' . The film alleged that the IPCC 's scientific reports were driven by politics rather than science , and Ofcom ruled the organisation had not been given adequate time to respond . `` I think this is a vindication of the credibility and standing of the IPCC and the manner in which we function , and clearly brings out the distortion in whatever Channel 4 was trying to project , '' said Rajendra Pachauri , the organisation 's chairperson . Science 'settled ' Ofcom 's Broadcasting Code requires Channel 4 to show `` due impartiality '' on `` matters of major political and industrial controversy and major matters relating to current public policy '' . Human hands are driving climate change , Ofcom acknowledges The last segment of the programme , dealing with the politics of climate change , broke this obligation , Ofcom judged , and did not reflect a range of views , as required under the code . But the main portion of the film , on climate science , did not breach these rules . Ofcom 's logic is that `` the link between human activity and global warming ... became settled before March 2007 '' . This being so , it says , climate science was not `` controversial '' at the time of broadcast , so Channel 4 did not break regulations by broadcasting something that challenged the link . `` That 's a very big inconsistency , '' said Sir John Houghton . `` They said it 's completely settled , so why worry - so they can just broadcast any old rubbish . '' While some of the 265 complaints received by Ofcom were short and straightforward , one group assembled a 176-page document alleging 137 breaches of the code . Channel 4 will have to broadcast a summary of the Ofcom ruling , but it brings no sanctions . Richard.Black-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PUSHING THROUGH : Jacob Lillyman of the Warriors looks to beat the tackle of the Broncos ' Jayson Bakuya .
Someone , set the Warriors game day alarm clock for half an hour earlier , and let it off again at half time .
For the first 30 minutes of tonight 's game against the Broncos at Mt Smart the Warriors looked half-asleep , bumbling and lacking in inspiration before , with 12 minutes to go in the first half , someone lit a fire which did n't die down until they ran off the field 19-10 victors at full-time .
The Warriors have now won four of the past five encounters and the Broncos can only think wistfully about the last time they won at Mt Smart , in 2009 .
Despite this the form sat with the Broncos who have won four on the trot and came into this match sitting at fifth with 18 points . The Warriors were at 11th with 14 .
they Warriors , in front of a crowd of 16,025 , seemed determined to bust straight through the middle of the Broncos using their big men as battering rams but lacked inspiration when they got inside the Broncos 20 .
Coach Andrew McFadden 's desire to see error free football was sadly lacking with at least a handful of rookie errors in the first half including a case of the dropsies from David Fusitu ' a - first when they were on the end of a bomb from Shaun Johnson that they normally would 've swallowed instead looking like they had been caught in the headlights and let a sure try to go begging .
Fusitu ' a bobbled another ball 10m out from the Warriors line which put the Brisbaneites hot on attack and led to the first try from the Broncos with Jake Granville putting a long arm over the line in the 17th minute . There were five errors in the bank from the Warriors before there was finally a moment of brilliance from Feleti Mateo to put Ben Henry into a yawning hole .
They scuttled 40m to score . Johnson converted to draw the scores level with 12 minutes to go before before half time . Consistent pressure , a penalty , and a slightly dodgy looking play of the ball led to Konrad Hurrell barrelling over eight minutes later . Shaun Johnson , obviously enjoying the Warriors resurgence before half time , booted a massive 45m field goal just before the buzzer , just the fourth of their career .
The second half started in an equally bizarre fashion for the Warriors . Suaia Matagi was put on report just after half time after taking out the legs of a player in the air .
They put the pressure on their team with a penalty putting the Broncos 10m out . Ngani Laumape was also put on report after a tip tackle on Josh McGuire which could have gone seriously wrong . Broncos fullback Ben Barba humiliated Sam Tomkins beating them both for speed and strength to burst past them and to fend them off twice to score with 20 minutes to go .
Chad Townsend gave the Warriors a bit of breathing space with 15 minutes to go dotting down under the posts . The Broncos might wonder what they did wrong .
Their two Bens- Hunt and Barba- took control of the game early , their fancy footwork dazzling the Warriors but they were simply not consistent enough despite completing more sets of six than the Warriors .
The Warriors ran the ball far more than the Broncos , with at least three lengths of the field more in metres . Predictably the Broncos origin stars did n't want to watch this game from the sidelines with Matt Gillet and Sam Thaiday backing up despite not being named earlier in the week .
Gillet left , injured , in the 12th minute with a shoulder issue.Thaiday looked to injure their ankle early on but played on and was a target for the Warriors .
The Warriors have another home game against the Penrith Panthers next week before their second bye in round 17 .
Warriors 19 ( Tries : B.Henry , K. Hurrell , C. Townsend Conversions : S.Johnson 3 Field goal : S.Johnson 1 ) Broncos 10 ( Tries J.Granville , B.Barba Conversions B . Hunt 1 ) HT : Warriors 13-6
MSF could not confirm who was behind the attack on Sunday , but said planes were seen flying over the facility at the time . MSF 's hospital in the city of Hayden was destroyed by Saudi airstrikes on October 27 , and nine people were wounded when coalition bombs hit a health center in the city of Taiz on December 3 . The Saudis initially admitted carrying out the October airstrikes , calling the attack a `` mistake '' and promising to investigate , then reversed course and denied responsibility .
Yemen 's conflict escalated in late March when a Saudi-led coalition began targeting Houthi rebels and their allies loyal to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh . The UN has confirmed at least 2,795 civilian deaths in Yemen since March . A majority of the deaths have reportedly been by coalition airstrikes .
The international medical humanitarian organization , also known as Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) , said in a statement that three staff members were injured — two critically — when a clinic in the Razeh district of northern Yemen was `` hit by a projectile '' on Sunday morning . MSF said the number of casualties `` could rise , as there could still be people trapped in the rubble . ''
For the third time in as many months , a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen has been bombed , and this time at least four people are dead and 10 injured .
Read more
For the third time in as many months , a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen has been bombed , and this time at least four people are dead and 10 injured .
The international medical humanitarian organization , also known as Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) , said in a statement that three staff members were injured — two critically — when a clinic in the Razeh district of northern Yemen was `` hit by a projectile '' on Sunday morning . MSF said the number of casualties `` could rise , as there could still be people trapped in the rubble . ''
Yemen 's conflict escalated in late March when a Saudi-led coalition began targeting Houthi rebels and their allies loyal to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh . The UN has confirmed at least 2,795 civilian deaths in Yemen since March . A majority of the deaths have reportedly been by coalition airstrikes .
MSF could not confirm who was behind the attack on Sunday , but said planes were seen flying over the facility at the time . MSF 's hospital in the city of Hayden was destroyed by Saudi airstrikes on October 27 , and nine people were wounded when coalition bombs hit a health center in the city of Taiz on December 3 . The Saudis initially admitted carrying out the October airstrikes , calling the attack a `` mistake '' and promising to investigate , then reversed course and denied responsibility .
Related : Saudi Arabia Ca n't Get Its Story Straight on the MSF Hospital Destroyed in Yemen
MSF says it informs all parties , including the Saudi coalition , of the exact GPS coordinates of its medical facilities .
`` We are in constant dialogue with them to ensure that they understand the severity of the humanitarian consequences of the conflict and the need to respect the provision of medical services , '' MSF director of operations Raquel Ayora said .
The International Committee of the Red Cross said in November that more than 100 hospitals in Yemen have been attacked since the Saudi-led coalition began its bombing campaign in March.The hospital in Razeh , Shiara Hospital , had already been bombed once before MSF started working there in November .
`` We strongly condemn this incident that confirms a worrying pattern of attacks to essential medical services and express our strongest outrage as this will leave a very fragile population without healthcare for weeks , '' Ayora said . `` Once more it is civilians that bear the brunt of this war . ''
Reuters contributed to this report .
Follow Atoosa Moinzadeh on Twitter : @ amoinzadeh
Watch the VICE News documentary Inside War-Torn Yemen : Sanaa Under Attack :
Emergency action needs to be taken for Flint , Michigan residents , two years into its lead poisoning crisis , as many residents still do n't have access to clean water , a coalition of environmental and human rights groups said on Wednesday .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) of Michigan , the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) , the Concerned Pastors for Social Action , and Flint resident Melissa Mays on Wednesday are filing a preliminary injunction for emergency action in Flint to `` ensure everyone has access to safe water—as well as the trust and confidence that their water is safe , a guarantee that most every other community in America has assumed for decades , '' as Pastor Allen Overton said . The two-day hearing begins Wednesday in a federal courtroom in Detroit , where a judge will hear arguments for the motion .
`` Churches and volunteer organizations are struggling to keep up with the demand for services—bottled water , filters , and more—as money and volunteers dry up and leave us to fix this mess on our own , '' Pastor Overton said , adding that the guarantee of safe water `` is still a long way off in Flint . ''
The injunction seeks to secure delivery of bottled water to homes in the city .
`` It 's unconscionable that , more than two years after the public learned that the water in Flint was poisoned with lead , so many residents still do n't have safe drinking water . ''
—Michael Steinberg , legal director ACLU-Michigan
`` For most Americans , getting safe drinking water is as easy as turning on the kitchen faucet . This is still not true in Flint , more than two years after the crisis began , '' said Dimple Chaudhary , a senior attorney with the NRDC . `` Many residents , including the elderly and those without cars , are struggling to travel to bottled water distribution sites , and confusion remains about how to install and use home faucet filters . This situation will not improve until a federal court steps in to compel state and city officials to act . ''
`` It 's extremely important that improvements be made on the current recovery 'efforts ' in Flint made by the City and State of Michigan , '' said Flint resident Melissa Mays . `` Residents are still going without access to safe water . Those who do not have reliable transportation or can not lift a 26.5 pound case of bottled water are slipping through the cracks during such a precarious and dangerous time . This must end . ''
Michael Steinberg , legal director of ACLU Michigan , added : `` Without the court ordering the city and state government to deliver bottled water , children , the elderly and the poor in Flint will continue to struggle to find consistent access to clean , safe water . It 's unconscionable that , more than two years after the public learned that the water in Flint was poisoned with lead , so many residents still do n't have safe drinking water . ''
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The injunction came as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump headed to Flint for a campaign rally , ostensibly seeking to reach out to black voters .
But Flint residents were not interested in being their photo-op , and , in fact , had a question regarding their newfound interest in the community—where the hell have you been ?
Desiree Duell , a Flint mother and activist with the organization Flint Rising , said during a press conference Wednesday , `` I 'm here to call on Donald Trump to stop using the Flint water crisis as a prop for their campaign . Not once since the beginning of their campaign has Trump addressed the crisis , despite ample opportunity . We have been denied clean , safe water for more than two years and we want Donald Trump to know that we need a real solution to this crisis , not empty rhetoric or more of the same 'run government like a business ' mentality that led to this crisis in the first place . ''
Ron Bieber , president of the Michigan AFL-CIO , also said , `` Less than 60 days before the election and now Donald Trump rolls into town for a photo op . Give me a break . Where the hell have you been ? ''
Trump has vowed to slash funding to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , the NRDC pointed out . Under a Trump administration , warned the group 's Action Fund president Rhea Suh , every community could be Flint .
`` Donald Trump 's belated show of concern for Flint rings hollow , '' they said . `` This is a man who wants to gut the Environmental Protection Agency and roll back our bedrock public health safeguards . In a Trump regime , every community will be a potential Flint . ''
This article is over 4 years old
MeyGen project could power nearly 175,000 homes through network of turbines on seabed at Ness of Quoys off Caithness
Construction of the largest planned tidal energy project in the world is expected to begin off the Scottish coast next month , developers have announced .
Atlantis , majority owner of the MeyGen project , said it had finalised all of the conditions required to initiate its first drawdown from financiers The Crown Estate and Scottish Enterprise .
The project has the potential to power nearly 175,000 homes through a network of 269 turbines on the seabed at Ness of Quoys in Caithness , north-east Scotland .
The company 's share price dipped on Friday but Atlantis said it “ knows of no trading or operational reason to warrant this change ” , particularly given the good progress it is making on MeyGen .
In an announcement to investors , Atlantis said : “ The major construction and supply contractors to this iconic project have commenced design , engineering and procurement works in readiness for commencement of onshore construction at the project site in Caithness in January 2015 .
“ The equity investments in the project by Scottish Enterprise ( through the Renewable Energy Investment Fund ) and Atlantis value the MeyGen project on a post-money equity basis at over £70m .
“ Onshore construction at the Ness of Quoys project site is expected to commence in January 2015 , with ABB due to start construction of the onshore infrastructure for connection to the electricity transmission grid for power export .
“ We believe MeyGen is the largest planned tidal energy project in the world with a capacity of almost 400MW . ”
The first power to the national grid is expected to be delivered in 2016 .
Florida fans honored Gainesville , Fla. , native Tom Petty in between the third and fourth quarters on Saturday by singing `` I Wo n't Back Down , '' one of the late artist 's biggest hits .
Petty died at age 66 this week after going into cardiac arrest . The exact cause of death is still being determined .
The Gators announced earlier this week that they would honor the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer at this weekend 's game .
`` Let 's celebrate together what they meant to the world of music and what they meant to this community , '' Florida athletic director Scott Stricklin said .
After fans sung `` We Are The Boys '' —the song traditionally sung at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium in between the third and fourth quarters—they belted out some Tom Petty .
Here 's another angle .
I do n't think too many Florida fans would complain if this became a tradition .
Playing with antiX 15
The antiX distribution is a lightweight operating system based on Debian . The latest release was put together using packages from Debian 8 `` Jessie '' and ships with SysV init software instead of systemd . The latest release , antiX 15 , is available in three editions : Core-libre ( 233MB ) , Base ( 582MB ) and Full ( 686MB ) . There are 32-bit and 64-bit x86 builds of each edition . The antiX wiki tells us that the Core edition ships with virtually no software pre-selected for us , allowing us to customize the operating system to our needs . The Base edition is for older computers , like Pentium II and Pentium III machines , while the Full edition is for more modern computers and people who want a complete desktop experience . I opted to download antiX 's Full edition .
Booting from the antiX media brings up a graphical user interface , powered by IceWM . The wallpaper is bright and decorates our desktop with images of painted flowers . There are icons on our desktop for opening the file manager , launching the project 's system installer and accessing documentation . The documentation covers such information as how to use the desktop , installing the distribution , acquiring additional software and customizing the operating system . At the bottom of the screen we find an application menu , task switcher panel and a system tray . We can right-click on any empty portion of the desktop to access the application menu .
The distribution 's installer is a graphical application . The installer 's window is divided into two panes . On the left side we are shown documentation explaining how to make use of the settings on the current page . On the right side are prompts and controls for configuring the distribution . The installer begins by asking us which branch of Debian ( Jessie , Testing or Sid ) we would like to use as the foundation of our copy of antiX . The default is to use Debian 's Stable branch ( Jessie ) and I decided to stick with this option . We are then asked which hard disk should be used to house our new copy of antiX . Once we have selected a disk we can click a button to launch the GParted partition manager . GParted makes it easy for us to create and alter our disk 's partitions . Using GParted we can set up ext2/3/4 , JFS , XFS and Reiserfs disk partitions . Once we close GParted the installer gives us the chance to assign our partitions to the swap , root and /home mount points . One thing I appreciate about the installer is it asks for confirmation before it formats each of our partitions and attaches it to a mount point . I get nervous when an installer eagerly overwrites data and I like that antiX is cautious and makes very certain we want to proceed before it erases anything on our disk . The system installer next copies its files to our hard drive and walks us through some configuration screens . We are asked if we would like to install the GRUB boot loader and , if so , where GRUB should be placed . The installer once again pauses to confirm our choice before it installs GRUB on our hard drive . We can then select a name for our computer , set our keyboard 's layout , confirm our locale and select our time zone from a list . The installer then gives us the chance to enable/disable background services like Bluetooth , OpenSSH , CUPS and the Wicd network manager . The last screen of the installer asks us to create a user account for ourselves and protect the root account with a password . With these steps completed we are prompted to reboot the computer .
I like the antiX installer . It is fairly easy to navigate , comes with built-in documentation and is careful not to over-write any data without our explicit permission . Plus , the installer works quickly and is fairly easy to navigate .
antiX 15 -- Browsing the project 's documentation
( full image size : 335kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
Our new copy of antiX boots to a dark login screen with stars and an image of the Earth in the background . We can press the F1 key to cycle through a list of available sessions . Our desktop session options include Fluxbox , JWM and IceWM . I typically stuck with using IceWM during my trial . Usually , distributions provide a way to shut down or reboot the computer from the login screen , however I did not see any obvious way to perform these actions . It appears as though we need to login in order to power off the computer .
I experimented with antiX in two test environments . When running on a physical desktop computer , antiX performed very well . The distribution booted quickly , set my screen to its maximum resolution and was highly responsive . I found networking and sound worked out of the box . When running inside VirtualBox , antiX again performed very well . The distribution worked quickly in the virtual environment and integrated seamlessly into VirtualBox , allowing me to run the virtual machine with my screen 's full resolution . The distribution is quite light on memory and used about 140MB of RAM when logged into IceWM . The distribution does not require a lot of storage space either ; the Full edition of antiX used 2.4GB of my hard drive space .
antiX 15 -- Exploring multimedia options
( full image size : 836kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
The antiX distribution ships with a surprisingly large number of applications considering the operating system 's small footprint . Looking through the application menu I found the Iceweasel web browser with Flash enabled . I also found the very lightweight Dillo web browser , the Claws Mail e-mail software , gFTP and the HexChat IRC client . The Droopy service is available to assist people in sending or receiving files . The Transmission bittorrent software is included , along with LibreOffice and the Ted text processor . To help us get on-line , the Wicd software is included . The antiX distribution features the Gtkam digital camera manager , the Mirage image viewer , the mtPaint simple drawing program , a simple scanner utility and the Xpdf document viewer . I found DOSBox and a few games were installed along with the Geany IDE . Digging further we find the Asunder audio CD ripper , the GNOME MPlayer application , the WinFF file format converter , the XMMS audio player and the `` YouTube Browser for SMPlayer '' application . The distribution ships with multimedia codecs , allowing us to play most media files . The operating system features a number of administration tools , including BleachBit , the GParted partition manager , ISO-snapshot , the Midnight Commander console file manager and the ROXFiler file manager . Grsync is available to help us synchronize files between directories and the luckyBackup program makes archiving our files quite straight forward . In the background we find the GNU Compiler Collection and antiX runs the secure shell network service . I found antiX uses SysV init software and runs version 4.0.5 of the Linux kernel .
antiX 15 -- IceWM and the application menu
( full image size : 809kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
I found the software which ships with antiX worked well for me . I like that there is some variety . I especially like that there is a mixture of large , full featured applications ( such as Iceweasel ) and there are lighter applications for low-end machines ( like Dillo ) . Usually distributions focus on either high-end or low-end applications and I like that antiX gives us options at both ends of the scale . I also like that antiX solves the common problem of `` How do I receive a large file from someone ? '' The Droopy program makes it very easy to receive large files over the Internet and all the other person needs to send us a file is a web browser .
The antiX operating system ships with the Synaptic package manager to help us locate , install and upgrade software . Synaptic presents the software available to us in an alphabetically sorted list and we can click a box next to each entry to indicate the packages we wish to install , remove or upgrade . We can also search for packages by their name and enable or disable repositories . By default , antiX pulls software from a mixture of Debian 's servers and its own repositories . Though not enabled by default , antiX provides a list of additional software repositories we might find useful and these can be enabled from within Synaptic with a mouse click . I found Synaptic worked well and performed its actions quickly . Shortly after installing antiX I checked for software updates and found 12 new packages were available in the project 's repositories . These 12 upgrades totalled 34MB in size and installed without any problems .
antiX 15 -- Managing software packages and repositories
( full image size : 726kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
One of the more interesting components of antiX is the operating system 's Control Centre . The Control Centre is a simple panel we can use to launch configuration modules . The panel is broken into a number of different tabs , which nicely organize the various functions available to us . Through the Control Centre we can access configuration modules that will change our interface 's background , configure window manager settings , browse system information , create new user accounts , configure the firewall and set the date & time . There are also modules for configuring dial-up networking , launching the package manager , changing our display 's resolution , imaging a partition , backing up files , configuring the sound system and setting up printers . There are a few additional modules for synchronizing files between locations and configuring the mouse pointer . There are a few things I found interesting and maybe a touch unusual about antiX 's Control Centre . One is that the modules mostly just launch programs we can access through the application menu , though sometimes with specific parameters . For example , some of the session and window manager configuration buttons simply open a text editor with the appropriate configuration files loaded . The system services manager button launches a text console program that displays a matrix of available services and run levels . While this technically may work , it 's not the friendly point-n-click interface one usually expects from a modern control panel . Other Control Centre buttons will launch graphical programs to help us configure the system . For instance , the Firewall button launches the simple gufw graphical front-end to working with firewalls . The Control Centre works , and some of the programs it launches are friendly , but others will take us down the text file configuration rabbit hole .
antiX 15 -- Exploring system settings and hardware information
( full image size : 543kB , resolution : 1280x1024 pixels )
During my time with antiX I only ran into one issue and I 'm not sure if it was a bug or something I caused . Once , during a package upgrade , the screen went blank and turned blue . My windows and mouse pointer disappeared and most keyboard input was ignored . The only way I could find to rescue the system was to use the CTRL+ALT+Backspace key combination to shut down my desktop session and get back to the login screen . Having the screen go blank and turn blue only happened once during my trial , so I 'm not sure if it was a side-effect of the package upgrade or a result of a key combination I may have hit while typing .
Conclusions
I quite enjoyed my time with antiX 15 . The distribution is fairly easy to install , offers the user the choice of working with stable software repositories or rolling release/development repositories and antiX is very careful not to overwrite any data without our explicit permission . The distribution runs quickly and offers a fairly friendly interface that is also minimal in its resource usage .
I especially like that antiX ships with a wide variety of software and can complete many different tasks out of the box . Everything from productivity software to web browsing to transferring files to enjoying multimedia is available . If we need more software , we can access Debian 's massive software repositories where there are over 40,000 packages .
The antiX distribution worked quickly , properly detected all of my hardware and offered a nearly trouble-free experience . The one item on my wish-list is I would like to see some of the Control Centre modules launch nice graphical configuration tools rather than text editors , thereby lowering the bar to customizing the distribution 's interface . Those rare descents into configuration files aside , antiX was pretty beginner friendly . I think it is an excellent distribution for reviving old hardware or for giving a little additional pep to a computer that could do with a lighter user interface . * * * * * Hardware used in this review
My physical test equipment for this review was a desktop HP Pavilon p6 Series with the following specifications : Processor : Dual-core 2.8GHz AMD A4-3420 APU
Storage : 500GB Hitachi hard drive
Memory : 6GB of RAM
Networking : Realtek RTL8111 wired network card
Display : AMD Radeon HD 6410D video card
Adding student housing , an NCAA women 's rowing team , more internships and more national accreditation were among the top priorities in the long-range plan .
The University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee could soon start to look like its larger sister colleges after the school 's board of trustees approved a long-range expansion and improvement plan this week .
Adding student housing options , an NCAA women 's rowing team , more internships and more national accreditation were among the top priorities in the long-range plan .
Called “ Focus on Quality 2020 , ” the proposals adopted Thursday lay out a series of guiding principles and strategies to “ set the course of USF Sarasota-Manatee over the next five years and to measure its progress in serving students and the community , ” said Dr. Bonnie Jones , assistant vice president for Institutional Research & Effectiveness . “ This is huge for this community and our students . ”
The plan touches almost every facet of the student and staff experience , including academics , student life , athletics , workplace issues , diversity , technology , community engagement , and the university 's fundraising and expansion programs , the school said .
Among the plan 's many aims are its “ top 10 transformational goals ” for the campus . They are :
•Recognition of USFSM as a “ community engaged campus ” by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching
•Achievement and maintenance of national accreditation for applicable specialized programs
•Recognition by the Chronicle of Higher Education as a “ Great College to Work For ”
•Receipt of at least one major gift
•Establishment as the home of the USF NCAA Women 's Rowing Team
•Establishment of a space for a student union
•Establishment of housing options for students
•Establishment of appropriate space to support specialized , high-demand programs
•Significant increase in faculty research productivity
•Significant increase in experiential learning opportunities for students , including internships and study abroad opportunities
The 2020 plan comes as USF Sarasota-Manatee is growing faster than expected .
Governments do n't win by-elections
Arieh Kovler Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 21 , 2016
Jamie Reed , Labour MP for Copeland , announced today that they will be leaving Parliament in January to take up a senior role at Sellafield , the nuclear reprocessing and power plant in their constituency . Mr Reed was one of the most prominent and outspoken critics of Jeremy Corbyn 's leadership of the Labour party .
So you might think that their resignation would be good news for Corbyn . But it is n't , because Reed 's seat of Copeland is not at all safe for Labour .
Governing parties do n't win by-elections from the official opposition party . Basically ever . It 's practically a rule of politics .
Governing parties can successfully defend by-election seats that they already hold . They can also lose by-election seats ; they can lose them to the official Opposition , or smaller opposition parties , or independent local candidates . But they do n't gain new seats at by-elections . It never happens .
Never ? Well , rarely . Since the Second World War , the Governing party has won four by-elections from the main Opposition , and I 'd argue that only one of them is a ‘ normal ' case .
1953 Sunderland South by-election
In 1953 , under the second Churchill Government , Conservative Paul Williams won the Sunderland South by-election following the death of the incumbent Labour MP .
The seat was already ultra-marginal . Labour was defending a majority of 306 from the 1951 General Election , when only Labour and the Conservatives stood candidates . In the by-election , the Liberals stood a candidate too , drawing votes away from Labour . Williams won for the Tories , but with a lower vote-share than they got at the General Election . The Liberals ' decision to stand in '53 seems to have been the critical factor .
1960 Brighouse and Spenborough by-election
Brighouse and Spenborough was a marginal constituency that Labour had managed to just about hold onto throughout five ( ! ) elections and by-elections in the 1950s , though it scraped a win in 1959 by just 47 votes against the Conservative candidate .
In a two-candidate by-election , with the same parties standing as at the general election , Conservative and National Liberal candidate Michael Norman Shaw won with another small majority ( 666 votes , 1.5 % ) . This happened under the Macmillan government . Shaw went on to lose the seat again at the next General Election .
1961 Bristol South East by-election
Ok , this one really really does n't count . In 1961 , still under Macmillan , Tony Benn 's father died . Benn automatically became Viscount Stansgate , a hereditary peer and member of the House of Lords . This meant their Bristol East seat in the Commons became automatically vacant .
Benn , though , wanted to be an MP and opposed the institution of the House of Lords . At this time there was no way to renounce a peerage so Benn decided to contest the by-election for their own seat , knowing that they would probably be disqualified afterwards .
Benn won 70 % of the vote against their Conservative opponent Malcolm St Clair , but an Election Court later declared that St Clair was the MP .
St Clair resigned voluntarily two years later , after the law changed to allow Benn to renounce their peerage and stand for Parliament . Benn handily won the new by-election in 1963 , which was left uncontested by the Tories and the Liberals . The whole affair showed British politics at its honourable best .
Mitcham and Morden by-election , 1982
In the early Thatcher years , Bruce Douglas-Mann was Labour 's MP for Mitcham and Morden . In 1982 , they decided to leave Labour and join the Social Democratic Party . However , unlike the other defectors , they also decided they should seek a new mandate and so resigned from the Commons , triggering a by-election which they contested .
Of course , the Labour party selected a new candidate to stand against him .
The seat was already highly marginal . Douglas-Mann had a majority of just 618 over the Conservatives in the 1979 election . They must have known that they had very little chance of winning with their vote split between themselves and the Labour candidate , even with the SDP-Liberal alliance meaning the Liberals pulled their candidate .
The Tories won the seat with a vote-share almost unchanged since the 1979 election as the Left vote split between Labour and the SDP .
Four cases in the last 90+ years . One of them ( Benn ) clearly does n't count because Benn won the vote . Mitcham involved a defection and a split vote between a new party . Sunderland South had the Liberals entering and splitting the vote . Only Brighouse and Spenborough is a straightforward case of a by-election gain by a Government against the Opposition ( though I 'll give you Sunderland if you think I 'm being unfair ) .
Also note that Sunderland , Brighouse and Mitcham were all highly marginal seats , with none of them having a majority over 700 to defend .
Incidentally , this is why political types find it so sad and funny when Corbyn supporters boast that Labour has ‘ won ' by-elections under Corbyn .
Labour has held five seats in by-elections with Corbyn as leader ( Oldham West , Sheffield Brightside , Ogmore , Tooting and Bately & Spen ) . Four of these are rock-solid Labour safe seats , while Bately & Spen is both moderately safe and was not contested by the other major parties following the murder of Jo Cox .
But even if they were marginal seats , oppositions do n't lose by-elections . They just do n't . It 's like boasting that Labour has a website or that it registered its candidates correctly . Holding seats at by-elections is the bare minimum required to be considered a functioning opposition .
But…
Copeland is a marginal seat , with Jamie Reed winning 42.3 % of the vote vs Conservative Stephen Haraldsen 's 35.8 % in 2015 , coming out to a 6.5 % Labour lead . It also had UKIP on 15.5 % and the LibDems on a poor 3.5 % .
And that was in May 2015 , when polls showed the Conservatives to be a point or two ahead of Labour . Today 's UKPollingReport Average has a national Conservative lead of 13 points .
Add to this that the UKIP vote seems to have taken a small hit since the election to the benefit of the Conservatives , while the Liberal Democrats are on the rise to the detriment of Labour . And there are other causes of concern :
Labour will also be losing Reed themselves a popular local incumbent with some personal vote .
Labour will have to select a new candidate , and all Labour selections nowadays end up as internecine fights between Momentum and the moderate wings of the party .
Copeland borders Westmorland and Lonsdale , the constituency of Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron . This gives the LibDems a base to organise from and a stock of local activists . And LibDems are good at by-election .
This is not to say that Labour will lose . Oppositions do n't lose by-elections to Governments easily . But it does mean that the party will really have to fight for the seat to be sure .
Labour also has some advantages . The incumbent party gets to move the Writ of Election for a vacant seat , effectively choosing when the by-election will be . Some commentators are already speculating that they might choose to wait a few months in the hope that Theresa May 's polling honeymoon will end .
All the laws of political physics say Labour should hold Copeland . That is the absolute bare minimum anyone should expect . * The fact that we 're even considering the possibility of the Government winning it is , frankly , crazy .
If Labour holds Copeland , that is not a cause for any Corbynite rejoicing or boasting ( unless Labour wins it by a stonking impressive majority ) .
If Labour loses Copeland , or even if it comes close , then that 's a sign that the party is in the deepest crisis that an Opposition party has faced since the Second World War .
* David Herdson helpfully pointed out that Labour could , of course , lose to another Opposition party . That happens much more often than losing to the party of Government . But in some ways , that might actually be worse for Labour . It would set up that other party ( say , the LibDems ) as the home for discontent voters . It would threaten Labour 's status as the main Opposition party in the political dynamic . I do n't see it happening here , though . The LibDems and UKIP are both too far behind to win .
Harman Kardon 's Invoke speaker , the Microsoft Cortana-powered answer to the Google Home and Amazon Echo , will ship this fall according to a preview page with the first official images of the tabletop device .
Though pricing has n't yet been revealed , Harman Kardon said that to Invoke will perform three major tasks : make and receive calls with Skype , control popular music services like Microsoft Groove , and “ get things done ” with Cortana , Microsoft 's digital assistant .
Microsoft said it would team up last year with Harman Kardon as part of a new Internet of Things initiative powered by Cortana . Though the initial partnership was expected inside connected cars , it appears both companies will leap into homes first . Harman was showing off the new Invoke on a preview page on its website that 's since be unpublished , inviting potential buyers to sign up . Thurrott.com first noted the page earlier .
Why this matters : Though Microsoft was once neck and neck with Siri and Gogle in developing digital assistants , recent moves by Amazon and Google to put them into the home have left Microsoft appearing to lag behind . Even now , to Invoke will ship in the fall , many months after both rivals . While we should n't write off to Invoke yet , Microsoft needs to tell us how it 's just a single piece of a Cortana-powered ecosystem that presumably spans the PC to your home to maybe your car .
Harman / Kardon Harman/Kardon certainly implies that to Invoke will be a feature of your living room , probably emphasizing audio quality .
Learning new Cortana skills
Microsoft has been testing Cortana 's interaction with the new speaker with a limited subset of Windows Insiders for a few weeks , according to MSPoweruser , including both the Windows 10 version of Cortana and the Android app .
The new Devices submenu within Cortana advertises how to set up the new Invoke speaker , connecting it to popular music apps including Microsoft Groove , iHeartRadio , Pandora , TuneIn , and Spotify . The Harman Kardon page implies that it will be able to serve as a speaker for audio-only Skype calls , and answer the standard gamut of Cortana queries , set reminders , and more .
That Microsoft is apparently finalizing its IoT plans right before its hosts its Build developer conference this week is telling , as it implies that Microsoft will have much more to say about the Cortana-powered devices . These “ Cortana skills ” connect services , bots , Universal Windows apps , Android apps , and websites with Cortana , according to the Cortana Skills Kit page that is currently in public preview .
“ Excellent skills take advantage of Cortana 's contextual knowledge of the user to do something useful and clever for them , ” the page states . Once invoked , certain skills can manipulate Cortana to begin a conversation between it and the user , it adds .
Microsoft also plans to host a session on “ Cortana advanced language and voice skill design ” on Thursday , May 11 , according to a schedule of events at Build . Is there a Cortana-powered ecosystem in our future ? Let 's hope so .
Branford High School dismisses students early due to bomb threat Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved Branford High School parents line up to pick up their kids after a bomb threat Thursday morning . ( WTNH / John Pierson ) [ + - ] Video
EAST HAVEN and BRANFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) -- Branford High School students were dismissed after bomb threats evacuated both Branford and East Haven High Schools on Thursday morning .
Branford Police say that just before 9 a.m. , the Superintendent 's office reported that a message was left on a Branford High School office phone that an explosive device may be placed within the school building . The high school , at 185 East Main Street , was then evacuated .
Students and staff were relocated by bus to Walsh Intermediate School for pick-up and so police could convey additional information to parents of the students .
The Branford High School has been evacuated due to a bomb threat . Students are being relocated . A press release will be forthcoming . - Geoff Morgan ( @ Cpt_G_Morgan ) October 26 , 2017
Police say as a precaution , Branford High School closed early . However , after the building was searched by Branford officers and the Connecticut State Police Bomb Squad , they found the school safe to reopen .
`` Branford Police , utilizing the assistance of the Connecticut State Police Bomb Squad have searched the Branford High School and it is safe to reopen . There was an extremely well run coordinated effort with the School Superintendents office to ensure the safe evacuation of all
students and staff , '' said Chief Kevin Halloran in a press release .
Superintendent of Schools , Hamlet Hernandez added , `` it was a very carefully coordinated response to an unforeseen event . We were able to work closely with our Emergency Response partners to swiftly and safely mitigate this incident . ''
Police say they are now investigating who made that call .
Police say East Haven High School , at 35 Wheelbarrow Lane , was also evacuated due to a bomb threat that was left on a voicemail .
We are on scene at the East Haven High school for a report of a bomb threat that was left on a voice mail ... https : //t.co/kV4KyACxiJ - East Haven Police ( @ EastHavenPolice ) October 26 , 2017
Officials say no explosive materials were found at the school .
Classes have resumed . - East Haven Police ( @ EastHavenPolice ) October 26 , 2017
Both incidents remain under investigation .
Posted November 22 , 2011 by ogbaysean in 2011 SF 49ers . 7 Comments
Here we go , folks . This one 's a biggie . A playoff preview of two powerhouse teams built to win in the postseason . Leave your Michael Bublé Christmas album at home because this one 's going to be a bloodbath .
This Thursday the 9-1 San Francisco 49ers travel East to face a gritty , physical football team in the 7-3 Baltimore Ravens . And it 's no coincidence that these teams are playing on Thanksgiving . Both sides pride themselves on accomplishing the following : establish the run on offense then stop the run and force turnovers on defense . A mashed potato and extra stuffing style of play , if you will . This is the blueprint for blue collar football . And you can bet your next food stamp that the Packers , Saints , Steelers and Patriots will have one eye on the turkey and one eye on the TV during this game .
Both squads are in 1st place and will be looking to continue their winning trends heading into the Holiday Season . The 49ers are 4-0 in the Eastern Time Zone and have had this match-up circled on their calendar for months . Analysts knew the Ravens would be a highly competitive football team this year but did n't foresee the Niners to be the class of the NFC .
Have I mentioned that the head coaches are brothers ? You 're probably living in a cave if you did n't know that . In any case , the Harbaughcalypse is upon us ! What more can you ask for on Thanksgiving ? Perhaps a man soda to wash all this brother on brother carnage down ? Let 's familiarize ourselves with our opponent .
Know Your Foe : The Baltimore Ravens
The Ravens can beat you so many different ways . On offense they start with Ray Rice , a bowling ball running back with home run hitting ability . The Niners will key on containing Ray Rizzle , for they are the key to their offense . Quarterback Shane Falco Joe Flacco has a few solid receiving options the Niners ' secondary must shadow at all times . The physical Anquan Boldin is a great possession receiver who runs angry after the catch . Form tackling and wrapping them up will be crucial . And the Ravens ' X-Factor is Torrey Smith . This rookie WR out of Maryland can take you deep on any play . Look for Tarrell Brown and Chris Culliver to have their hands full with this track meet assignment .
On defense , the Ravens boast superstars . This group is cut from the same fabric as the Steel Curtain and the 1985 Chicago Bears . It all starts up front with Haloti Ngata , a defensive tackle flat out stingy on the running game . This unsung hero carries the Raven defense . Behind them are two All Pro linebackers , one destined for the Hall of Fame . Ray Lewis , though questionable to play with a foot injury , and Terrell Suggs are perhaps the most frightening men in the NFL . I would n't even want to play a game of checkers with them . They will steal your lunch money and take your girlfriend to Prom . Together , they are ruthless on disrupting the passer and tackling from sideline to sideline . Oh and how about we throw in one of the greatest free safeties to ever play behind them ? Tremendous . Ed Reed roams the secondary as well as Ken Griffey , Jr. in their prime did center field . Ball-hawking abilities through the roof , speed of a gazelle and pound-for-pound the hardest hitter on defense , Ed Reed is a flat-out gamechanger .
But do n't run and hide just yet . The 49ers have some heavy hitters too : defensive end Justin Smith , linebackers Patrick Willis and NaVorro Bowman as well as free safety Dashon Goldson . These heavyweights will be looking to punch the Ravens in the mouth , early and often . Patrick Willis ' idol is Ray Lewis . They wear # 52 just like him .
X-Factor : The 49ers Special Teams
The NFL Network is going to shove down your throat coverage about the Harbaugh Brothers and the championship caliber 49er/Raven defenses , but the X-Factor in this game will undoubtedly be the 49ers Special Teams . Punter Andy Lee is having another Pro Bowl season and can flip the field as well as anyone in the game right now . Field position will be huge in this bout , so Andy Lee will have to bring their big boy boot to this one . Kicker David Akers , though coming off of an ugly game last week against the Cardinals , is also having themselves quite a year . Special Teamer Blake Costanzo is a lunatic , a man possessed and from the Jersey Shore ( cabs are here ! ) . He 's Johnny-on-the-spot on every kickoff , making plays all over the field .
Prediction : 23-16 , 49ers victorious
I know , I know . Picking my own team is hardly credible . But what can I say ? I like my squad . Alex Smith left a lot of plays on the field against the Cardinals so I think he 'll be a bit crisper on Thursday . Regardless , this game is going to be Rated R. Not a lot of scoring , a plethora of bone crunching hits and a well-played football game . Although the 49ers are 3.5 point underdogs , I think they will pull this one out . The Ravens have ugly losses to the Titans , Jaguars and Seahawks this year , so they can be beaten . The Niners will need Frank Gore to have a big night and for Alex Smith to once again manage the game . Michael Crabtree is coming along nicely and Vernon Davis will be a solid red zone threat .
Bonafide Guarantee : A really aggressive post-game handshake
Advertisements
If you 're an Assassin 's Creed superfan and you need some new headphones , the Ubisoft Store in the UK has a nice `` Listen Wireless '' Bluetooth rigs from Focal with a 15 meter range , 20-hour battery life , 15Hz-22kHz frequency response , and the Assassin 's Creed logo emblazoned tastefully on the cups . If , on the other hand , you also happen to be in possession of $ 60,000 and a complete lack of reason or common sense , then perhaps these cans will be more to your liking .
The cans in question are the Assassin 's Creed Origins Utopia by Tournaire handcrafted headphones , created through the combined talents of a 3D artist , an art caster , and a goldsmith , all of whom `` worked together with the [ Tournaire ] jeweler for several months . '' The headphones—aural artwork , really—are made exclusively in France , and will feature an average weight of 150 grams of 18k gold per set . Only ten will be released to the public , and they will sell for €50,000 each , which works out to just shy of $ 60,000 .
Impedance ? Sensitivity ? Driver type ? What are you , some kind of philistine ? Considerations like these are for people who think that Beats are probably a little too extravagant for their budget . But you , my friend , are a consumer of means and discernment—and clearly what matters to you is not how they sound , or even how they look , but that the whole world knows that you can wear 60 large on your head like it ai n't no thing .
Tournaire will accept payment via credit card , PayPal , wire transfer , or cheque drawn on a bank domiciled in France . Oh , and that swanky Bayek bust that would make an absolutely perfect display stand for these things ? It 's not included—you 'll need to drop another €12,000/ $ 14,100 for that . Tournaire promises delivery of the headphones ( and the bust , because come on , do n't be a cheapskate ) within six weeks of order placement .
I 've emailed Tournaire to inquire about getting a set of these headphones for review . I 'll let you know what they say .
In one of the most glaring , power-serving omissions in some time , CBS News ' 60 Minutes ( 11/19/17 ) took a deep dive into the humanitarian crisis in Yemen , and did not once mention the direct role the United States played in creating , perpetuating and prolonging a crisis that 's left over 10,000 civilians dead , 2 million displaced , and an estimated 1 million with cholera .
Correspondent Scott Pelley 's segment , “ When Food Is Used as a Weapon , ” employed excellent on-the-ground reporting highlighting the famine and bombing victims of Saudi Arabia 's brutal two-and-a-half year siege of Yemen . But its editors betrayed this reporting—and their viewers—by stripping the conflict of any geopolitical context , and letting one of its largest backers , the United States government , entirely off the hook .
As FAIR has previously noted ( 10/14/16 , 2/27/17 ) , US media frequently ignore the Pentagon 's role in the conflict altogether . Pelly did not once note that the US assists Saudi Arabia 's bombing campaign with logistical support , refueling and the selling of arms to the tune of $ 400 billion . The US also routinely protects Saudi Arabia at the UN from condemnation—a shield that may have vastly prolonged the war , given that it signals the support of the most powerful country on Earth .
Meanwhile , Iran 's involvement in the conflict—which , even by the most paranoid estimates , is far less than the United States'—is placed front and center as one side of the “ war. ” The conflict is framed in hackneyed “ Sunni vs Shia ” terms , with Saudi Arabia unironically called the “ leader of the Sunni world ” and Iran the “ leader of the Shia world. ” A reductionist narrative that omits that Sunnis have fought alongside the Houthis , and the fact that Saudi bombs kill members of the marginalized , mostly Sunni Muhamasheen caste , who are neither “ led ” by Saudi Arabia nor part of the “ Shia world . ”
This cartoon dichotomy is the extent of the context . Saudi Arabia is rightly singled out as the primary aggressor ( though a dubious comparative body count of 3,000 killed by Saudis vs. 1,000 by Houthis is proffered that is far lower than the UN 's January 2017 estimates of 10,000 total civilians killed ) , but who the Saudis ' primary patrons are—the United States and Britain ( and Canada , too ) —is simply not mentioned . One would think , watching Pelley 's report , it was a purely regional conflict , and not one sanctioned and armed by major Western superpowers to counter “ Iranian aggression . ”
To compound the obfuscation , 60 Minutes does n't just omit the US role in the war , it paints the US as a savior rescuing its victims . The hero of the piece is American David Beasley , the director of the UN 's World Food Programme , the organization coordinating humanitarian aid . “ The US is [ the World Food Programme ] 's biggest donor , so the director is most often an American . Beasley was once governor of South Carolina , ” Pelly narrates over B-roll hero shots of Beasley overseeing food distribution .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Beasley , in their sit-down interview , bends over backwards to downplay Saudi responsibility , insisting at every turn that “ all parties ” are to blame :
You see it 's chaos , it 's starvation , it 's hunger , and it 's unnecessary conflict , strictly human-made . All parties involved in this conflict have their hands guilty , the hands are dirty . All parties .
The spin that the crisis is the fault of “ all parties ” is understandable from a US-funded de facto diplomat , charged with providing some cover for a major regional ally . But the premise that “ all parties ” are causing the famine is never challenged by Pelley . It 's taken as fact , and the piece moves on .
It 's part of a broader trend of erasing American responsibility for the conflict and resulting humanitarian disaster . The Washington Post ran an editorial last week ( 11/8/17 ) and an explainer piece Saturday ( 11/19/17 ) detailing the carnage in Yemen , neither one of which bothered to mention US involvement . American complicity in the war is so broad in scope , it merited a warning last year from the US 's own State Department they could be liable for war crimes—yet it hardly merits a mention in major media accounts . The war just is , a collective moral failing on the part of “ all parties ” —irrational sectarian Muslims lost in a pat “ cycle of violence ” caricature .
As momentum builds in Congress , animated by grassroots anti-war activists , to push back against the war and hold US lawmakers accountable , how the US contributes to the death and disease in the Arabian peninsula is of urgent political import . By erasing the US role in the war , CBS producers obscure for viewers the most effective way they can end the war : by pressuring their own lawmakers to stop supporting it . Instead , viewers are left with what filmmaker Adam Curtis calls “ Oh , dearism ” : the act of feeling distressed but ultimately helpless in the face of mindless cruelty—perpetrated , conveniently , by everyone but us .
Always skewed depending on what they manage to get to sell as bonus discs . Nonetheless :
1 . Caribou - Swim
2 . Gil Scott-Heron - I 'm New Here
3 . These New Puritans - Hidden
4 . Caitlin Rose - Own Side Now
5 . Phosphorescent - Here 's To Taking It Easy
6 . Darkstar - North
7 . Charlotte Gainsbourg - IRM
8 . Gold Panda - Lucky Shiner
9 . Wild Nothing - Gemini
10 . Tame Impala - Innerspeaker
11 . Broken Bells - Broken Bells
12 . Avi Buffalo - Avi Buffalo
13 . The National - High Violet
14 . Emeralds - Does It Look Like I 'm Here ?
15 . Beach House - Teen Dream
16 . Voice Of The Seven Thunders - Voice Of The Seven Thunders
17 . Perfume Genius - Learning
18 . Crocodiles - Sleep Forever
19 . The Black Keys - Brothers
20 . The Morning Benders - Big Echo
21 . Arcade Fire - The Suburbs
22 . Salem - King Night
23 . Brian Eno - Small Craft On A Milk Sea
24 . Dylan Leblanc - Paupers Field
25 . Joanna Newson - Have One On Me
26 . Matthew Dear - Black City
27 . Warpaint - The Fool
28 . Liars - Sisterworld
29 . LCD Soundsystem - This Is Happening
30 . John Grant - Queen Of Denmark
31 . Konono No 1 - Assume Crash Position
32 . Smoke Fairies - Through Low Light And Trees
33 . Surfer Blood - Astro Coast
34 . Villagers - Becoming A Jackal
35 . Crystal Castles - Crystal Castles
36 . Mount Kimbie - Crooks And Lovers
37 . Flying Lotus - Cosmogramma
38 . Best Coast - Crazy For You
39 . PVT - Church With No Magic
40 . Laura Marling - I Speak Because I Can
41 . Vampire Weekend - Contra
42 . Edwyn Collins - Losing Sleep
43 . Yeasayer - Odd Blood
44 . Midlake - The Courage Of Others
45 . The Soft Pack - The Soft Pack
46 . Sleigh Bells - Treats
47 . O Children - O Children
48 . Glasser - Ring
49 . Zola Jesus - Stridulum 2
50 . Holly Miranda - The Magician 's Private Library
51 . Sea Of Bees - Songs For The Ravens
52 . JJ - No3
53 . Pantha Du Prince - Black Noise
54 . Twin Shadow - Forget
55 . Gonjasufi - A Sufi And A Killer
56 . Bear In Heaven - Beast Rest Forth Mouth
57 . Ariel Pink 's Haunted Graffiti - Before Today
58 . Cours Lapin - Cours Lapin
59 . Darwin Deez - Darwin Deez
60 . School Of Seven Bells - Disconnect From Desire
61 . Beach Fossils - Beach Fossils
62 . Shit Robot - From The Cradle To The Rave
63 . Jonsi - Go
64 . Dum Dum Girls - I Will Be
65 . Belle And Sebastian - Belle And Sebastian Write About Love
66 . Chilly Gonzales - Ivory Tower
67 . Connan Mokasin - Please Turn Me Into The Snat
68 . Holy Fuck - Latin
69 . The School - Loveless Unbeliever
70 . Tobacco - Maniac Meat
71 . Dios - We Are Dios
72 . Allo Darlin ' - Allo Darlin '
73 . Swans - My Father Will Guide Me Up A Rope To The Sky
74 . Male Bonding - Nothing Hurts
75 . El Guincho - Pop Negro
76 . Oneohtrix Point Never - Returnal
77 . Kort ( Kurt Wagner And Cortney Tidwell ) - Invariable Heartache
78 . Solar Bears - They Are Coloured In
79 . Free Energy - Stuck On Nothing
80 . Sufjan Stevens - The Age Of Adz
81 . Kings Go Forth - The Outsiders Are Back
82 . Grinderman - Grinderman 2
83 . Dan Michaelson And The Coastguards - Shakes
84 . Stornoway - Beachcomber 's Windowsill
85 . Tamaryn - The Waves
86 . The Tallest Man On Earth - The Wild Hunt
87 . Four Tet - There Is Love In You
88 . Magic Kids - Memphis
89 . Marina And The Diamonds -Family Jewels
90 . Mystery Jets - Serotonin
91 . Black Angels - Phosphene Dream
92 . Danger Mouse And Sparklehorse - Dark Night Of The Soul
93 . Fool 's Gold - Fool 's Gold
94 . Frankie Rose And The Outs - Frankie Rose And The Outs
95 . Aloe Blacc - Good Things
96 . Drums Of Death - Generation Hexed
97 . Am - Future Sons And Daughters
98 . Field Music - Field Music ( Measure )
99 . Hot Chip - One Life Stand
100 . Time And Spacemachine - Set Phazer To Stun
The Bunker Hill public housing complex would be completely redeveloped into a new mixed-income community with 3,200 apartments and condos .
The billion-dollar overhaul of one of Boston 's biggest public housing projects took another step forward Tuesday .
Developers Corcoran Jennison Associates and SunCal filed preliminary plans with the Boston Redevelopment Authority to turn Charlestown 's Bunker Hill public housing development into a mixed-income neighborhood of 3,200 apartments and condos , retail and open space across 28 acres . It would be renamed , One Charlestown .
More details are expected within a month , at which point the project will undergo formal BRA review .
Advertisement
Last fall , Corcoran and SunCal beat out three other big-name developers for the right to redevelop Bunker Hill , one of several housing developments where the Boston Housing Authority is partnering with private builders to rehab and upgrade its aging stock of apartments . They 're planning an ambitious re-do of the 27.6-acre site , and have been meeting with residents in recent months to refine their plan .
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
“ This new community will provide something for everyone , honoring the rich history of the neighborhood while looking to the future for residents , ” said Corcoran president Joseph Corcoran in a statement .
One of the BHA 's conditions for the deal is that residents of all 1,100 units in the complex have the right to return , and officials are working with the developers to minimize temporary displacement during construction , which is expected to happen in phases over several years . The BHA hopes the Bunker Hill redevelopment can provide a road map for using Boston 's housing boom to benefit many of the city 's poorest renters .
“ The One Charlestown model — a robust partnership with residents combined with the introduction of mixed income units — is the single best way for public housing to be preserved across the entire City of Boston , ” said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle .
Tim Logan can be reached at tim.logan @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ bytimlogan
Underfire Taoiseach Enda Kenny has offered a “ full apology ” to Garda whistleblower Sergeant Muarice McCabe and their family .
Underfire Taoiseach Enda Kenny has offered a “ full apology ” to Garda whistleblower Sergeant Muarice McCabe and their family .
Mr Kenny was speaking as the Dáil began a debate on confidence in the government , following a week of political upheaval .
Earlier in the week Sinn Féin tabled a motion of no confidence in Mr Kenny 's administration over its handling of the controversy over the alleged smear campaign against Sgt . McCabe .
During their opening speech in the debate , Mr Kenny said said the false sex abuse allegations that had been made against the whistleblower were “ simply appalling ” .
Mr Kenny added : “ Sexual abuse is the worst crime that a person could be accused of .
“ He and their family deserve the truth as do all against whom allegations have been made .
“ And I therefore offer a full apology to Maurice McCabe and their family for the treatment meted out to them as exposed in recent programmes . ”
They said that the government has decided that a full tribunal of inquiry is the only way that the truth of the alleged smear campaign can be found “ in a way that 's transparent to the public but also fair to all concerned ” .
Mr Kenny hit out at Sinn Féin for their motion of no confidence .
They said : “ When one reflects on the history of that party 's relationship with An Garda Síochána over the years and their [ Sinn Féin 's ] shameful handling of sexual abuse claims within their own movement , they have a brass neck to call for a general election on these issues . ”
Online Editors
tofubeans Profile Joined January 2011 United States 783 Posts # 2 gogo slayers_dragon !
smitsmcgee Profile Joined November 2010 United States 6 Posts # 3 Not sure if you made a mistake while TLPD-izing it , but should n't SlayerSDragon be Terran ? Just something I saw that did n't seem right . Either way , should be a great event ! Woongjin Fighting !
Heyoka Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Temple of EE-Sama 22468 Posts # 4 Brackets live ! @ RealHeyoka | DreamHack Head of StarCraft
aScle Profile Joined September 2010 Australia 347 Posts # 5 any one know which stream is going to follow idra ? ? Artosis : `` Why did the collosus fall over ? BECAUSE IT WAS IMBALANCED ! ! ! ''
zYwi3c Profile Joined November 2010 Poland 1811 Posts # 6 On August 21 2011 01:37 aScle wrote :
any one know which stream is going to follow idra ? ?
this . Please ? this . Please ? I 'm getting the derection .
Aocowns Profile Blog Joined February 2011 Norway 5988 Posts # 7 On August 21 2011 01:39 zYwi3c wrote :
Show nested quote +
On August 21 2011 01:37 aScle wrote :
any one know which stream is going to follow idra ? ?
this . Please ? this . Please ?
We need to know ! We need to know ! I 'm a salt-lord and hater of mech and ForGG , do n't take me seriously , it 's just my salt-humour speaking i swear . |KadaverBB the best TL gaoler| |~IdrA 's # 1 fan~| SetGuitarsToKill and Duckk are my martyr heroes |
McKTenor13 Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United States 1380 Posts # 8 Go Idra and SlayerS_Dragon ! If you can chill . chill . - Liquid'Tyler
zYwi3c Profile Joined November 2010 Poland 1811 Posts Last Edited : 2011-08-20 16:45:59 # 9
Ok , i check 'd every stream . No IdrA : On August 21 2011 01:44 McKTenor13 wrote :
Go Idra and SlayerS_Dragon !
+ Show Spoiler + Golden lost in 1st round vs ToddMan or smth like this I 'm getting the derection .
tofubeans Profile Joined January 2011 United States 783 Posts # 10 woo , who just saw that game with dragon vs the protoss : D
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts # 11 On August 21 2011 01:44 zYwi3c wrote :
Ok , i check 'd every stream . No IdrA : <
Show nested quote +
On August 21 2011 01:44 McKTenor13 wrote :
Go Idra and SlayerS_Dragon !
+ Show Spoiler + Golden lost in 1st round vs ToddMan or smth like this Ok , i check 'd every stream . No IdrA :
ragequit will follow Idra .
Shame about the weak line up this time around ragequit will follow Idra.Shame about the weak line up this time around # DeleteGyro
schoop Profile Blog Joined March 2011 Finland 20 Posts Last Edited : 2011-08-20 17:07:31 # 12
edit : and it seems that piece of information was n't valid ESV.TV caster said that IdrA does n't want to get streamed/cast at the early stages of the tournament . Do n't know where they got that piece of information.edit : and it seems that piece of information was n't valid Play random or die trying .
Redmark Profile Joined March 2010 Canada 2025 Posts # 13 Seems like some of the Koreans did n't check in .
jakek95 Profile Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 351 Posts # 14 Idra live on Ragequit ! http : //www.teamliquid.net/video/streams/Ipp
cyprin Profile Joined July 2010 United States 1101 Posts Last Edited : 2011-08-20 17:31:33 # 15
and the guy was in their stream chat
http : //imgur.com/dFy9R
-_- wow dragon lostand the guy was in their stream chat-_-
Hammer442 Profile Joined May 2011 Australia 749 Posts # 16 On August 21 2011 02:30 cyprin wrote :
wow dragon lost
and the guy was in their stream chat
http : //imgur.com/dFy9R
-_- wow dragon lostand the guy was in their stream chat-_-
Screenshot from when the game is over ? o.O Not exactly very good proof to accuse people of cheating . Screenshot from when the game is over ? o.O Not exactly very good proof to accuse people of cheating .
Sea_Food Profile Blog Joined May 2011 Finland 1612 Posts # 17 Wow another NA server TL open ?
nOondn Profile Joined March 2011 564 Posts # 18 On August 21 2011 02:33 Hammer442 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On August 21 2011 02:30 cyprin wrote :
wow dragon lost
and the guy was in their stream chat
http : //imgur.com/dFy9R
-_- wow dragon lostand the guy was in their stream chat-_-
Screenshot from when the game is over ? o.O Not exactly very good proof to accuse people of cheating . Screenshot from when the game is over ? o.O Not exactly very good proof to accuse people of cheating .
what about this one
http : //i.imgur.com/2wSmP.jpg
? what about this one Mid Master Terran @ kr server fighting ! ! !
iNcontroL Profile Blog Joined July 2004 USA 29047 Posts # 19 nope it is n't definitive .. but it is n't promising either .
Kibibit Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 1421 Posts Last Edited : 2011-08-20 17:36:07 # 20 On August 21 2011 02:33 Hammer442 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On August 21 2011 02:30 cyprin wrote :
wow dragon lost
and the guy was in their stream chat
http : //imgur.com/dFy9R
-_- wow dragon lostand the guy was in their stream chat-_-
Screenshot from when the game is over ? o.O Not exactly very good proof to accuse people of cheating . Screenshot from when the game is over ? o.O Not exactly very good proof to accuse people of cheating .
How about this , then ?
http : //i.imgur.com/2wSmP.jpg
Edit : Ninja 'd How about this , then ? Edit : Ninja 'd R.I.P . 우정호 || Do probes dream of psionic sheep ?
1 2 3 4 5 49 50 51 Next
In the rugged terrain of the Taliban heartland in southern Afghanistan , the fight against the Kabul government has become a war for control of key stretches of main roads and highways as the insurgents use a new tactic to gain ground .
First they storm a checkpoint , kill all the police officers , seize their weapons and equipment and effectively cut off the main road to a remote village . They raise the white Taliban flag and plant roadside bombs to prevent cars from coming through the checkpoint . Any vehicle that attempts to pass through is either blown up or attacked , residents and local leaders say .
Then they wait . Faced with shortages of basic food items and price hikes as their supplies dwindle , the villagers are eventually forced to abandon their homes and to move to a place where they can afford to eat and live . Most sneak out on foot or on donkeys through backroads and mountain paths , leaving many of their belongings behind .
The new tactic has helped the Taliban gain ground , albeit at a slower pace than a deadly , surprise raid on an entire village . For the insurgents , starving a population out is less costly than forcing them out at gunpoint , and risking armed resistance . The Taliban are seeking to expand their footprint in the war against the state at any cost — even if that means raising their flag over empty villages .
The Taliban have been waging war against Kabul since 2001 , when their regime was overthrown in the U.S.-led invasion . Since the international combat troops pulled out of Afghanistan at the end of 2014 , leaving behind only a largely training and advising contingent , the insurgency has intensified as Afghan forces struggle to take the lead in the battle .
The Taliban are now refocusing their attention mostly on the southern provinces of Helmand , Kandahar and Uruzgan , U.S. and Afghan military officials say , although the insurgents have also struck elsewhere , such as the northern Kunduz province where they briefly overran and held the provincial capital for a few days last fall .
The results have been daunting — the United Nations says 3,545 Afghan civilians were killed and 7,457 wounded in the war in 2015 , most of them by the Taliban .
In the south , one of the worst hit areas is Uruzgan province where the Taliban have been putting pressure in recent weeks on Afghan forces around the provincial capital of Tirin Kot , said the U.S. military spokesperson in Kabul , Brig . Gen. Charles Cleveland .
`` The Taliban 's main focus in the south is now Uruzgan '' and U.S. forces have been providing assistance and air support as needed , Cleveland said .
The director of Uruzgan 's provincial council , Abdul Hakeem Khadimzai , described the situation there as the `` worst in 15 years . '' In May alone , they said , `` around 200 security forces were killed and more than 300 were wounded '' in Uruzgan .
The figures are an estimate but Khadimzai insisted that if they were to `` include civilians , then they would be doubled . '' The numbers could not be independently verified as the Afghan government does not release military and police casualty figures .
`` Every day our forces are stepping back and every day the Taliban are controlling more and more area , '' Khadimzai said . `` Our security forces are trying their best to control the area but they ca n't because logistics supplies are not delivered on time . ''
Uruzgan residents and local community leaders say the highway connecting Tirin Kot to the city of Kandahar , the capital of neighboring Kandahar province — 101 miles away — has been closed since March . And the road linking Khas Uruzgan district with the rest of the province has been blocked for about a year .
With the Taliban gaining ground , the government-controlled area has shrunk . Khadimzai describes Tirin Kot now as an `` island of government control disconnected from the rest of the province . ''
The closures have sent the price of staples more than doubling in some areas , they said .
In Khas Uruzgan , Dihrawud and Charchino districts , the cost of wheat is now $ 47 for a sack of 99 pounds , compared to 1,900 afghanis elsewhere in the country . Cooking oil is 540 afghanis for a container of 6lb 9oz , compared to the national average of 260 afghanis .
Most fresh produce is grown locally but growers in cut-off areas can not get to the markets to sell their goods , according to Aminullah Hotaqi , a tribal elder and former Uruzgan council chief .
Earlier this year , Noor Muhammad Noori had to shut their store in their hometown in Khas Uruzgan and moved with their family to Tirin Kot where they now run a general store . They said they just could n't afford the dwindling supplies that were making it through the blocked highway — nor could their customers .
`` After the road was cut off for a year ... I could n't get food through for my family , and could n't afford to pay the prices for in Khas Uruzgan , '' they said .
The U.N. mission in Kabul says that between Jan. 1 and April 30 this year , `` 117,976 people fled their homes due to conflict '' in 24 of the country 's 34 provinces . Amnesty International said this week that the number of internally displaced people in Afghanistan has doubled in three years , to 1.2 million .
A Tirin Kot taxi driver says the road closures have hit them hard — they no longer has any business taking people outside the city but nor do any other taxi drivers , so the competition inside the city is fierce and their earnings have plummeted .
`` Now I ca n't afford to buy fuel ; how am I going to feed my children , '' they said , speaking on condition of anonymity fearing for their safety . Like other residents in the area , they spoke to The Associated Press over the telephone .
After a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan killed Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour last month , questions emerged on the direction the insurgency would take under Mansour 's successor , Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada , a conservative cleric with no battlefield experience .
Akhundzada 's deputies — Mullah Yaqoub , son of Taliban founder Mullah Mohammad Omar , and Sirajuddin Haqqani , who heads a brutal faction designated by the U.S. as a terrorist group — are expected to escalate the violence as Akhundzada moves to consolidate their position at the helm of the insurgency . The fight in the southern , opium poppy-producing Afghan regions is likely to intensify once the poppy harvest is done .
For Uruzgan residents , Kabul seems both far away and unwilling to help .
`` It 's time the government realized the day is not far off when its security forces will try to control the area and they 'll find that the civilians are fighting on the side of the Taliban , '' Khadimzai said .
First Major Drilling in Golan in Decades to Begin in Weeks
The Israeli High Court has thrown out the last objections from environmental groups and approved Afek Oil and Gas , a subsidiary of politically well-connected Genie Israel , to begin exploratory drilling in the Golan Heights .
Genie Israel is run by retired Israeli General Effi Eitam , who famously declared Palestinians “ creatures who came our of the depths of darkness , ” and predicted Israel would eventually have to kill them all . The company also has a “ strategic advisory board ” that includes Rupert Murdoch and other well connected international individuals , and formerly also included Dick Cheney .
The move to drill in Golan faced its biggest obstacle within Israel from the environmentalist movement , but a much bigger problem is that the Golan Heights are considered , per UN Security Council Resolution 242 , Israeli-occupied territory that actually belongs to Syria .
Afek got around environmental complaints by arguing that they 're only drilling for exploration , not production , but is expected to move toward commercial production in a few years .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A reader writes :
I 've been trying to break into a niche industry ( 30-40 jobs in a city with a population of 3 million ) for a while now . I 'm in my late 20s , and though it took me some time to decide what I wanted to do with my life , I have finished my degree and completed two internships . I 'm working part-time in a related field and freelancing while searching for a full-time job in the niche industry . I 'm willing to move for the right job , but I 'd rather stay close to home — so I was stoked last summer when I got an interview for one of the very few entry-level jobs available in my city ! I ultimately did n't get it , but the interview went well enough they encouraged me to apply the next time they had an opening .
Then an acquaintance who works at the company called me up and asked if I wanted to get coffee . I figured she 'd offer me tips on how to do better next time . Instead , they told me to give up on ever being hired there — turns out , a girl I had gone to high school with is a real rock star at this company , and they threatened to resign when it looked like I was about to be offered a job . ( I had n't realized it was them because their married name is different . ) I 'll be honest — I was n't a very nice person back then , and I probably was pretty awful to this girl . I looked my former classmate up , and their resume really is incredible . They graduated from college early and has awards people who 've worked in our industry twice as long have n't won . Them public-facing work is top-notch . I 'm guessing she 's the kind of employee a manager wants to keep around .
My acquaintance 's prediction appears to be true : I did n't get an interview for a new position at the company that would 've been an even better fit than the one I 'd interviewed for . When I asked why , I was told a staffer had raised some concerns and the company would not be moving forward with my candidacy . I 'm heartbroken . I worked so hard for so long to get the training required for this type of work , and I do n't think I deserve to be blacklisted for something I said when I was 17 . I have my former classmate 's work email . Should I beg for forgiveness ?
This is tricky .
On one hand , I do n't think there 's anything to lose by apologizing . And if you were pretty awful to her , it sounds like it would be the right thing to do .
On the other hand , it 's going to look motivated by your desire to get a job there , and risks coming across as more self-interested than genuine .
Because of that , I think you should do it only if you can frame it as a genuine apology , unconnected to your job prospects there . If you can explain that the situation made you reflect on your behavior to them in high school and realize that you owe them an apology — and if you can honestly say that you do n't expect this to change anything about your job prospects there but just genuinely wanted to apologize — then maybe .
However , if you then apply for jobs there again anytime in the next year or two , it 's likely to look like it was n't that genuine .
So … I would say to send that type of apology because it 's the right thing to do but also to write this company off for at least a while .
Now , is that fair that you 'd be blacklisted for something you did at 17 ? I think it depends on exactly how bad your treatment of them was — there are some things that would be bad enough that you should n't expect it to be written off even a decade later . And there are other things where holding a professional grudge after someone expressed sincere regret would be an overreaction .
But this might not be about a grudge . They might genuinely feel that they ca n't comfortably work with you . It might not have to do with forgiving or not forgiving you , and they might be well aware that you 're a different person now — and yet might still feel that seeing their high school tormenter every day is n't something she 'd want to stick around for . If that 's how they feel , that 's legitimate — and it 's understandable that their employer would n't want to lose a stellar employee for someone who 's an unknown quantity .
Ultimately , it 's not so much about whether it 's fair ( it might be , it might not be ) , but about what is and how you respond to that . I think sending a genuine apology and then moving on from this company is your best move here , as frustrating as I 'm sure that is .
Quote # 103320Since you asked for politeness , I wo n't make any comments about your typically female attention-whoring . Let 's begin with point A : Race is not only skin color . Race consists of all inherited ( expressed or recessive ) characteristics that are commonly found in a given human ( or animal ) subgroup and are therefore distinctive . A common lie of anti-racist propagandists consists in reducing race to skin color so as to make it appear as something superficial and unessential ; but actually , there are considerable race differences in intelligence and character ( due to gene differences between races ) which are reflected in human history and in the daily life of multiracial societies . That 's why we are racist.Intelligence lies mainly in genes and to a small extent in environment . Genes , including intelligence genes , are not randomly distributed , and that 's why there are race differences in intelligence.According to the evolution theory , we 've once had the same skin color ( even though there is a controversy regarding the exact timing of the separation of Homo sapiens races , some believe that they evolved from already separated Homo erectus races and some believe that we all came out of Africa as Homo sapiens ) . But anyway ; according to the same theory , a long time ago , our ancestors were not even humans , they were animals . Should this mean that we should not care whether a living being is an animal or a human ? Should we advocate equality between humans and animals , and even legalize consensual human-animal sex ? It just does n't make sense.Evolution does n't take place through `` parenting '' ( there is no such thing as a hereditary memory ) but through : - natural selection ( the weakest die , those with a specific characteristic which make them better adapted to their environment survive ) .- sexual selection ( those who mate transmit their characteristics to their offspring , those who do n't mate do not ) .Nowadays , natural selection in humans is weakening due to technological progress but sexual selection still takes place ( in the wrong direction , as stupid people tend to have more children ) .Because there is no such thing as inherited moral standards ( notwithstanding the fact that morality is subjective and volatile ) , even though people from different races do TEND to behave and think differently ( with exceptions on the margin ) .Groups based on inheritance are relevant because when you build a house , you want to give it to your children , to those who share your blood and not to some aliens sharing your `` moral standards '' or even your `` intelligence '' .This is due to biological imperatives ( living beings seek to perpetuate themselves ) , hence the fact that our racism is based on inheritance-based groups ( for example : White people ) rather than strictly characteristic-based groups ( for example : all intelligent people ) . Otherwise , our racism would be purely idealistic , without a grasp on reality . But if we seized the power , we would try to develop positive characteristics such as intelligence in White people through an eugenics agenda.To make people more intelligent , there is nothing better than deporting non-Whites , since they are far less intelligent than Whites on average . The next step is eugenics among whites themselves.As a matter of fact , one of the main vectors of epidemias is immigration ( as we can see with the current ebola epidemia in West Africa ) ... Othmar , Stormfront.com 10 Comments [ 9/10/2014 2:57:29 AM ] Fundie Index : 7Submitted By : HEIL SATAN
Legislation limiting the power of unions is headed to Michigan Gov . Rick Snyder 's desk , where the Republican will almost certainly sign `` right to work '' into law .
But union organizers say they can still undo the contentious legislation , which bars the mandatory collection of labor dues .
Michigan Republicans attached a spending measure to the bill , which means it can not be undone by referendum . However , unions say that they can still undo the new law by statutory initiative .
Under this approach , according to the Citizens Research Council of Michigan , opponents of the law would have to file petitions with signatures of registered voters equal to eight percent of the total votes cast in the last gubernatorial election . The legislature would then either enact or reject the petition -- presumably the latter . After that , it would go on the ballot for the next general election , in 2014 .
Unions are already gearing up for a major fight against Snyder in 2014 , when their first term ends . Under this plan , they could push for their defeat and the defeat of `` right to work '' at the same time .
“ If this bill is signed today , it will be Thunderdome for Governor Snyder and Michigan for the next two years , '' said one high-ranking labor official who requested anonymity to discuss strategy . `` There are multiple options for a referendum . The voters will have their say on this issue , and all options are on the table . This fight is far from over . ”
Unions have also suggestedthat they might target Republican legislators in recalls next year . The Republican majority in the House is shrinking , but the GOP will still have a 59 to 51 seat edge . In the Senate , it 's a 26 to 12 seat GOP majority .
`` We are considering all options that are on the table but whether it is the available ballot initiative option , or Snyder 's re-election itself , they will strongly hear the voices of Michiganders in 2014 , '' said Eddie Vale , spokesperson for the labor super PAC Worker 's Voice .
In the meantime , the law would take effect . But union officials say that the damage might not be so great , because existing contracts and the dues arrangements in them are exempted from the new law . The United Auto Workers contract , for example , is not up again until 2015 .
If you are a PHP programmer , chances are that you will need to write and parse XML from time to time . You may even consider this a good thing . Chances are though that dealing with XML has caused you to flock to JSON .
But XML has advantages , and sometimes you simply do n't have an option .
I myself have gone through several stages of this . Back in the day everybody used expat because it was fast . I switched to simplexml because it had a friendlier API , and I used the DOM when I needed access to a wider range of XML features . I 've also simply created XML output by concatenating strings .
But ever since PHP shipped with XMLReader and XMLWriter I 've wondered if it was a better fit . Early on I was deterted several times due to these objects not being very stable .
The XMLReader and XMLWriter objects are nice , but in order to effectively use them , they need a sort of design pattern . I 've experimented with this concept off and on since 2009 , and finally landed on something I 'm reasonably happy with .
A few people have randomly stumbled upon this experiment and I got mostly positive feedback . Today I wanted to show it off to everyone . I 've iterated on the base concept for several years , and tweaked it every time to get a sort of ‘ good enough ' api that behaves reasonably sane in various scenarios .
The library is called sabre/xml , and I hope people are willing to kick its tires and give some feedback .
How it works
sabre/xml extends the XMLReader and XMLWriter class and adds a bunch of functionality that makes it quick to generate and parse xml .
By default it parses from/to PHP arrays , which is great for quick one-shot parsers/writers , but the biggest feature is that it allows you to intuitively map XML to PHP objects and vice-versa .
This gives this XML library a distinct advantage . It 's very easy to get started , but its design pattern still works for more complex XML application .
The one caveat is that reading and writing are single-pass by design . Unlike the DOM , you ca n't load in a document , make a small modification and save it again .
Writing XML in a nutshell
< ? php $ xmlWriter = new Sabre\Xml\Writer ( ) ; $ xmlWriter - > openMemory ( ) ; $ xmlWriter - > startDocument ( ) ; $ xmlWriter - > setIndent ( true ) ; $ xmlWriter - > namespaceMap = [ 'http : //example.org ' = > ' b ' ] ; $ xmlWriter - > write ( [ ' { http : //example.org } book ' = > [ ' { http : //example.org } title ' = > 'Cryptonomicon ' , ' { http : //example.org } author ' = > 'Neil Stephenson ' , ] ] ) ; ? >
Output :
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' ? > < b : book xmlns : b= `` http : //example.org '' > < b : title > Cryptonomicon < /b : title > < b : author > Neil Stephenson < /b : author > < /b : book >
As you can see , you can quickly generate complex xml from simple array structures .
Instead of serializing strings , you can also serialize objects . There 's a Sabre\Xml\XmlSerializable interface included that is meant to work similar to PHP 's JsonSerializable .
Reading XML in a nutshell
This is how you parse an xml document :
< ? php $ input = < < < XML < article xmlns= '' http : //example.org/ '' > < title > Hello world < /title > < content > Fuzzy Pickles < /content > < /article > XML ; $ reader = new Sabre\Xml\Reader ( ) ; $ reader - > elementMap = [ ' { http : //example.org/ } article ' = > 'Sabre\Xml\Element\KeyValue ' , ] ; $ reader - > xml ( $ input ) ; print_r ( $ reader - > parse ( ) ) ; ? >
This will output something like :
Array ( [ name ] = > { http : //example.org/ } article [ value ] = > Array ( [ { http : //example.org/ } title ] = > Hello world [ { http : //example.org/ } content ] = > Fuzzy Pickles ) [ attributes ] = > Array ( ) )
The key in the last example , is that we tell the parser to treat the contents of the article XML node as a key-value structure .
This is optional , but by adding this hint the resulting output becomes a lot simpler .
The parser comes with a few parsing strategies for common needs , and you can easily create your own by writing deserializer classes , or just by providing a callback :
< ? php $ reader - > elementMap = [ ' { http : //example.org/ } article ' = > function ( Sabre\Xml\Reader $ reader ) { // Read the element 's contents , and return the result here . } ] ; ? >
Element classes and interfaces
Sabre\Xml\XmlSerializable is used to allow an object to serialize itself .
is used to allow an object to serialize itself . Sabre\Xml\XmlDeserializable turns an object into a factory for parsing and returning a value .
turns an object into a factory for parsing and returning a value . Sabre\Xml\Element is a convenience interface that just extends the previous two .
You can implement these interfaces yourself , but a few standard implementations are included :
Sabre\Xml\Element\Base is the default and turns every element into an array with a name , value , and attributes key .
is the default and turns every element into an array with a , , and key . Sabre\Xml\Element\KeyValue flattens the array , and turns it into a key-value array .
flattens the array , and turns it into a key-value array . Sabre\Xml\Element\Elements discards element values , and gives you a flat array of element names . Useful for ‘ enums ' .
discards element values , and gives you a flat array of element names . Useful for ‘ enums ' . Sabre\Xml\Element\CData allows you to easily embed a CDATA structure .
allows you to easily embed a CDATA structure . Sabre\Xml\Element\XmlFragment extracts a subtree from XML and gives you a valid xml fragment , including namespace declarations .
The benefits
This type of design pattern has a number of major advantages . It 's possible for users to create PHP classes that represent specific XML elements .
For complex XML application this is useful , because elements may be re-used in various document types , and now those element classes can be re-used in the same way .
It would also allow someone to publish a set of Element classes for a specific xml format such as Atom on packagist and allow someone else to re-use specific parts of of that format into a new format . I 'm hoping to fulfill the promise of XML extensibility by bringing it in PHP , but that might be too bold of a statement .
At the very least I think it will make your XML parsing code simpler , reusable , extensible and more legible . I also found it more fun to work with XML , but I 'm biased .
The full docs can be found on http : //sabre.io/xml/ , the source on GitHub and it may be installed with :
Fascism was No . 3 last year , between socialism and racism , which is just where fascism began in the 1920s . Now , many political commentators , especially on the left , detect a fascist moment in the Western democracies . But is fascism an accurate heuristic for the populist movements in the United States and Europe that have arisen in recent years , or is invoking the term just a kneejerk way of condemning political opponents ? And if it 's inaccurate , might the word still represent a useful case study on the debased value of political language ?
The problem , as they might say at Merriam-Webster , is in the definition . Scholars of fascism do not agree on what fascism means ; nor , for that matter , do fascist scholars . The difficulty is twofold , and concerns both origins and actions .
Fascism originated in the 1920s Europe , mostly among the radical collectivists of the left . But it developed by synthesizing command economics with the racism and nationalism of the radical collectivists of the right . Historians now discount the once-popular Marxist interpretation that fascism was the child of capitalism and imperialism . But they are not unanimous about whether the rivalry of fascism and communism was a sibling rivalry . Like the communists , the fascists were radically unprincipled opportunists , contemptuous of democratic norms . They sought to overthrow the right-left format of democratic politics , and their ideology combined elements of both .
The second problem , also related to fascism 's deliberate immoralism , lies in identifying the nature of fascist rule . Was Nazi Germany the quintessential fascist state , or a unique exception to the rule ? The numerous fascist states of southern Europe and South America ended not in apocalypse , but repressive tedium . Most fascist economies followed Benito Mussolini 's definition of fascism as the corporatist control of private industry by government , but most fascist states also tended to annex areas of the economy to government control . And how much did fascist governments deliver on their promise to create autarkic , self-sufficient economies ? Again , the historians are not in agreement here .
Perhaps the best definition comes from Robert Paxton , professor emeritus at Columbia University and holder of the Legion d'Honneur , despite all the books they have written on wartime France 's pro-Nazi Vichy regime . Paxton 's The Anatomy of Fascism analyzes the stages by which 20th century fascisms rose and fell . It should be essential reading for any student of fascist movements , and especially for anyone thinking of founding one .
Fascism , Paxton says , is a dynamic process , rather than a fixed ideology like socialism or communism . There are five steps on Paxton 's road to hell , and not all fascist parties made it past the second step :
Ideological formation and the creation of a party with quasi-military cadres . Talk of national humiliation , lost vigor , and the failures of liberalism and democracy . Entry of the party into national politics . Intimidation of rivals , and planned acts of “ redemptive violence ” against suspect minorities and radical rivals . Arrival in government , often in alliance with conservatives . Exercise of power , in concert with institutions and business . The regime expands its control at home : restricting the press and democratic processes , corporatizing business , and collectivizing the people . Abroad , it asserts itself militarily . Radicalization or entropy : Some fascists go down in a Götterdämmerung , but most die of boredom .
Elements of Paxton 's early stages appear in the angry populism that is gaining ground in modern Western democracies , especially in hostility toward Muslim immigrants and the austerity measures of the post-2008 eurozone . There are politicians whose parties are of fascist extraction , like the National Front in France , whose Catholic-tinged identity politics can be traced back to proto-fascists like the early 20th century Action Francaise . Some of these politicians and parties , like Norbert Hofer 's Freedom Party in Austria , remain closer to their roots than others , and might merit the name neofascist . Others are doing their best to shed the worst of these associations as they enter mainstream politics ; the National Front 's Marine Le Pen , for example , is no longer on speaking terms with their father Jean-Marie , the National Front 's founding ideologue . But only one Western democracy , Greece , has a fascist party like Golden Dawn , which possesses both uniformed street fighters and members of the national parliament . When Europe 's “ New Right ” leaders are called fascists in suits , it 's an acknowledgment that they are not fully fascist . Real fascists wore uniforms .
The Contact
The first night , my bed of bark and leaves was painful . Now I can hardly imagine sleeping any other way . I am harder . Stronger . Manlier .
I can hear one of their scouts approaching . I 'm not afraid . My haven is camouflaged well . Three days now they 've roamed the woods , calling my name . They thought they could frame me up and lock me away , and they want me to slink back to Yamaku to let them do it ? I 'm glad they framed me . They 're starting to think of me as a threat .
The scout passes within two meters of my hiding place . That 's right . Just keep walking . They stop at a nearby tree , and sits down beneath it . Damn . That 's where I 'm meeting my contact . Got to take care of this before they get here .
I flow out from under my shelter of twigs . The scout is thirty steps away . I have the grace of a tiger . Twenty steps away . I am as silent as dust settling in an old house . Ten steps away . Nobody ever hears me coming until it is too late . The scout turns to look at me . Not because they heard me coming . They were probably going to turn anyway , and it just happened to be right then .
`` Butterscotch , '' says the scout . No , not their scout . My contact .
I give the countersign . `` Chupacabra . '' We both nod . I do n't know their name , and I do n't ask . Safer that way .
Down to business . `` You 've probably heard all kinds of lies about me , '' I say , `` but I had nothing to do with Hisao 's death . It 's a setup ! They were killed by women ! ''
`` I agree , '' says the contact .
I am surprised . I do not surprise easily . The last time I was surprised , the telephone pole that surprised me paid dearly for it . All guys secretly agree with me , but none of them say so out loud for fear of reprisals . The Contact— I mentally promote the description to a proper noun— must be highly placed in the resistance to speak so freely .
`` Put your fingers in my mouth , '' says the Contact . Some sort of resistance initiation ritual , undoubtedly . I stick out my hand and the Contact sucks on it for a few seconds . It feels pretty good .
The Contact nods and strokes their beard , probably . ( Instead of merely seeing body language like most people , I infer body language through deductive reasoning . Some people ask me if it really works . To them I say : I 'm still alive , are n't I ? ) `` I was hanging around near the mural where the body fell , '' the Contact explains . `` There were flecks of paint on Hisao 's back . I ate them . Ethyl acetate based paint , color on the creamy side of Ostrich Eggshell . Hisao was pushed by someone with a fresh coat of nail polish . Your fingers do n't taste like nail polish remover . I think you 're innocent . ''
Damn . I 'm in the presence of a pro . I rush back to my burrow to grab the case notes I 've been scratching into sheets of bark with my sharpened fingernail . I sit down across from the contact and push my notes over to him . They pick them up with their feet and examines them . Damn ! This way they do n't leave fingerprints ! I should practice with toe-socks . Are closed-toe shoes part of the conspiracy ? How far back does this thing go ? Layers upon layers .
`` I 've compiled everything I know about the people Hisao 's been spending time with . Satou , Ibarazaki , that double-headed student council beast… there 's only one I ca n't find anything on . Tezuka ? Do n't even know what they look like . You think this Rin Tezuka could have pushed Hisao ? ''
`` I do n't even have arms , '' says the Contact .
`` Yes , the government seems awfully eager to keep guns out of the hands of citizens , and I think we all know who 's behind that ! But let 's stay on topic . I 'll put Tezuka down as 'probably shady . ' What about Hakamichi and Mikado ? I overheard Hisao shouting at them the night before the murder . ''
The Contact strokes their beard badassfully , probably . `` People talk . People want to believe anything about Shizune . People say crime of passion . Each man kills the thing they love , and all that . I hope that 's not true . I have n't killed any turtles yet , but I might step on one . '' They spend the next 30 seconds examining the area for turtles , then stops and stares at me . `` You should tell me what you were doing on the roof that night . ''
`` I was n't even there ! How did you know I was there ? ''
`` A girl saw you two going up to the roof together . Hanako Ikezawa . ''
Satou 's friend . No… Satou 's conspirator . `` What was they doing inside on the night of the festival , huh ? Very fishy . We should drag them out here and make them talk . ''
The Contact shakes their head . `` Librarian says they arrived in the library shortly before the festival started . They rushed out not long before the murder . Said they 'had to go do something . ' Only path to the roof goes past the library , so they did n't double back . And people say they saw them at your class 's booth that night . '' Yuuko . Beautiful , graceful , deadly Yuuko . Your word means less than nothing to me now . I point out that the librarian 's probably in on it , but the Contact just shrugs . `` Walk me through your evening . '' I explain our manly picnic to him . There is n't much to tell— any assassin subtle enough to elude my senses is unlikely to have left much evidence behind . The contact perks up when they hear about the whiskey . `` Less than half a bottle of whiskey and you blacked out in the forest ? Where did you get it ? ''
`` My mother mailed it to me . Wait , do you think they could have— ''
`` You did n't get it from your mother . You got it from the mail . Shizune controls the mail . '' Damn . It 's so obvious now . Nothing happens in this school without Shizune 's go-ahead .
But the Contact 's not done yet . They leap to their feet , kicks off their flipflops , and starts pacing in circles around the tree . Looks painful , but their muscular jaw does n't even twitch , probably . `` Knock Ibarazaki off the suspects list . They were too busy washing blood out of their clothes to murder anyone . My fault , I 'm afraid . '' That's… that 's pretty extreme . I do n't know if even I 'm willing to go that far . I 'll likely have to find out before the end of this war .
`` Superficially , you 're the one being framed . But the fresh nail polish . It 's too sloppy . Who stops to paint their nails in the middle of a festival ? The killer wanted people to know it was a murder , but also to realize it was n't you . '' They stop pacing to stroke their beard badassfully , probably . The way they do that reminds me of Hisao 's majestic beard . No time to get sentimental . `` They say it is n't the fall that kills you , it 's the sudden stop . Maybe they 've got it backwards . Maybe it 's the fall that kills you , it 's the whiskey that kills you , it 's the stairs you climb to the roof that kill you , it 's getting out of your bed that morning that kills you . '' They resume pacing , shuffling through my files .
`` Lilly Satou was in and out of your class 's booth that evening , but they say they stopped by during the fireworks , just as the murder was taking place . Miki Miura saw Hanako around the booth at the same time . That leaves Shizune and Misha , who were fighting with Hisao for some reason… either could have drugged the whiskey . Maybe they hoped it would react badly with their heart , and improvised when they saw their chance slipping away ? ''
`` So the question is Misha , Shizune , or both ? ''
`` The question is Misha , Shizune , or someone who hates Misha and Shizune . ''
I hold an arm out to stop the Contact . I accidentally punch them in the ribs . They glare at me and rubs their side with their foot . Weird , but also cool ? `` Yeah , man , '' I tell him , `` Satou totally hates Hakamichi . ''
The Contact freezes in place . Minutes pass . Are they still blinking ? I look away for a second and when I look back I can barely tell them from the tree . Finally , they speak .
`` Lilly Satou murdered Hisao Nakai . ''
`` I thought you said my class could vouch for her ? Most of the guys in that class are cowardly beard-lackers , but there are a few I 'm sure would n't lie for Satou . ''
The Contact finally unfreezes and resumes blinking . They slump back against the tree in the same position I found him . `` Satou wanted to frame Shizune Hakamichi . I do n't know why . I do n't know why most people do the things they do . ''
I nod sagely . `` Better men than I have died trying to understand the minds of women . ''
`` She 's been waiting for the opportunity for months . Hisao had nothing to do with anything . Just unlucky . The type of person Shizune is , Satou knew she 'd pick a fight with someone eventually . '' The Contact picks up their flipflops with their toes , kicks them into the air , and catches them on their feet .
`` When word of the fight reached her , they were ready to move . They knew you were their friend . She 's probably the one who sent you the whiskey in the first place . Check the postmark . Bet it 's faked . ''
`` The chaos of the festival was the perfect distraction , but it made Hisao hard to keep track of . That 's where Hanako comes in . She 's been tracking Hisao ever since they befriended Shizune— notice how much time they spend in the library ? But Hanako does n't have what it takes to kill . When they spotted you two heading to the roof , they bolted out of there to find Lilly . Lilly followed you up to the roof . It may have been pitch black up there , but that does n't matter if you 're blind . You and Hisao were drunk , drugged , and helpless . They wiped a bit of nail polish on their hand , pushed Hisao off the roof , and slipped out using the fireworks to hide their presence . ''
`` But the booth— ''
`` She was n't there . ''
`` Your sources— ''
`` Sighted sources like Miki report Hanako at the booth during the fireworks . Blind sources like your class report Lilly there . Neither reports both . Hanako has spent enough time around Lilly to imitate their voice , especially with noisy fireworks interfering . They did n't have to stick around , just make an appearance and disappear . Even if Lilly had an obvious motive , that gives them an alibi . Suspicion falls to the person everyone loves to hate , the one who 's had a public falling out with the victim : Lilly 's enemy Shizune . ''
Power struggles within the conspiracy . They are weak and I am strong . Best news in months . I want to give my Contact a manly kiss . I offer a handshake . They just stares at me . Not ready to take the next step in our relationship , I guess . No big deal . `` You 're gon na need help to bring this conspiracy down . Shizune 's probably already pinning it on me… she 's ruthless and Satou 's subtle as hell . You 're gon na need to be , like , both of them combined . ''
The Contact thinks about this . `` You 're saying I should speak softly and carry a big stick ? ''
I start breaking down my shelter and pulling more of my note-bark out of hiding . It 's time to move on from here . `` I guess . If you do n't mind my asking… what 's Hisao to you ? ''
The Contact takes a while to answer that . `` Not much . Did n't know them well . But… there are different ways to seek truth . Sometimes art . Sometimes justice . '' They shoot me a piercingly handsome stare , probably . `` Sometimes vigilante justice . ''
I stick out my hand . `` Partners ? ''
They headbutt it . `` Partners . ''
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Former President Bill Clinton is booked to visit Temple University in April , when they will deliver a keynote address to kick off a new fundraising lecture series .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Former President Bill Clinton is booked to visit Temple University in April , when they will deliver a keynote address to kick off a new fundraising lecture series .
Clinton is scheduled to speak at the university 's Liacouras Center on April 10 . A question-and-answer session moderated by former Pennsylvania Gov . Ed Rendell is to follow .
The event is hosted by the Temple University Law Foundation , a group founded in 1959 to raise money for Temple 's Beasley School of Law .
The foundation said Clinton 's remarks will launch a new annual guest lecture series that aims to raise funds for student scholarships and loan repayment assistance programs .
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Time has really flown by this year , has n't it ? It feels like we just celebrated the new year , and shortly thereafter CES 2015 , the first glimpse of new technology we can hope to see in the near future , was already upon us . If the past couple of years have been any indicator of what we can expect out of this year , many of us are eagerly awaiting the arrival of two major Android flagships from two major manufacturers : Samsung 's Galaxy S6 and HTC 's One M9 .
The two devices typically release a new generation within a month or two of each other , which is probably why so many people like to compare the two . They 're each other 's closest competition . I 'll admit , when HTC 's One ( M7 ) first debuted back in 2013 shortly before Samsung 's Galaxy S4 , the two phones quickly became my number one focus because I knew that I wanted one or the other to replace my 2-year-old Apple iPhone 4S . When their respective successors released last year around the same time , I found myself again enamored with the idea of how the two compared to each other . The story is no different for this year .
Of course , with either phone not having been released or even given an official announcement , most of the predictions for how this year 's battle between these two titans are going to be made from rumors , leaks , and speculation at this point .
I 'll get straight to the point : I think this year might be the year that the Samsung Galaxy S6 wins me over .
Back in 2013 I was able to test both the M7 and the Galaxy S4 , with the Galaxy S4 having been my first choice . I went with the S4 because I had heard so many great things about the Galaxy S III over the past year , and although the last time I had owned an Android ( the EVO 3D back in 2011 ) left a sour taste in my mouth about the platform , the praises that were sang of the Galaxy S III gave me interest in the platform again . I figured that the Galaxy S4 would only make that positive experience I had been hearing about that much better .
As it turned out , though , I was n't all that pleased with my Galaxy S4 experience . Within the first day I realized something was off about the device because it would get so hot that I had to set it down . I also had a problem adjusting to the 5-inch display , which was much larger than the 3.5-inch display I was used to on my iPhone . I was still within my 14-day exchange period , so at the point that I realized that the Galaxy S4 and I were n't going to work out , I moved on to the HTC One . The HTC One was the phone that I originally wanted for its premium design , but given that my last Android before had been an HTC and I had n't had a great experience , I was wary of how well the One would pan out for me . After I made the exchange , I could n't have been happier . The HTC One was a huge improvement from the EVOs of yesteryear . Color me impressed .
Last year , the HTC One ( M8 ) was , again , another hit device in my opinion . I enjoyed using the phone from my 30-Day Challenge , but it was still very similar to the One from the year before . Not a lot had changed , so the experience felt very similar . The Galaxy S5 was kind of the same story ; it felt like a slightly upgraded refresh of the Galaxy S4 . To me , there was n't a whole lot that I could have considered wow-worthy of either phone . Nothing seemed to have anything I had n't seen before , and both were pretty much exactly what I could have expected to see .
But I think this year is the year that Samsung might change up their usual style and go for something a little different with the Galaxy S6 . I also think HTC will play it safe and stick with the same ( or very similar ) design when it comes to the HTC One M9 .
Naturally it takes more than design to win a person over when it comes to flagship devices , and I think this is another area that Samsung could shine in if they decided to . There has been a lot of scrutiny over Samsung 's use of bloatware for several years now , and I really hope that this is the year the company chooses to condense some of those services . If they can get rid of the bloatware , make TouchWiz a little more lightweight , and change the design of the Galaxy S6 to be something a little more unconventional to what we 're used to from Samsung , then I think it 's a formula for another popular device . I 'm already pleased that Samsung still incorporates removable batteries and external storage options ( something I hope does n't change this year ) , and the specs on the Galaxy S line is hardly ever lacking from year-to-year . It could be very easy for Samsung to make a lasting impression with their next flagship .
And that 's not to say that I expect the One M9 to be any less of a beast as it has been over the past couple of years , but I think the Galaxy S6 has more potential to impress me more than HTC does at this point .
Readers , when it comes to these two major flagships , which one do you think will win you over ? Let us know which one and what you hope to see in the comments below !
Since it was first revealed in Redmond at the start of last year , I 've used HoloLens a couple more times . I did a development session that walked through developing a simple app for the headset using Unity , and I 've also seen Microsoft 's touring HoloLens experience that it was offering developers last year . Each time I 've been subject to tight controls ; all usage of the device was strictly supervised , and I was n't permitted to take pictures or video of the device , nor even take screenshots of the images it produces .
With the HoloLens Developer Edition starting to make its way into developers ' hands , Microsoft has at least eased up on the restrictions , and earlier this week I was able to use the device for a couple of hours on my own ; not in a tightly scripted , controlled environment , but without any supervision at all . And for the first time , we were allowed to take pictures and photographs when we did .
The hardware itself has n't changed a whole lot in the fifteen months since Microsoft unleashed it on the world . Even at that announcement , the company had a model of how the first production units would look ( though the prototypes we played with were altogether more bulky and uncomfortable ) , and when I used the hardware a second and third time , it more or less matched that design . An adjustable band fits around your head , holding the thing in place , allowing the working parts to be adjusted up and down and back and forward to find a comfortable position .
Practice makes perfect
Getting it optimally attached to your head will take a bit of practice ; it 's tempting to put the adjustable band too low ( it should sit on your hairline , more or less ) or rest the visor part on your nose ( there are nose-pieces available for the HoloLens , but the 579g/1.37lb weight is more than you want to perch on your conk ) , but once you have it properly situated , it 's ... well , it 's not uncomfortable . It 's not tight , it does n't pinch or rub anywhere , and nothing digs in . But you do start to feel the weight after extended usage , and I got quite sweaty under the band .
When it 's on , though , and you have it set up correctly the images it produces continue to be astounding . You 'll need to use it in a room that 's not too brightly lit—against reasonably bright San Francisco sunlight the images were barely perceptible—and bright scenes tend to look better than dark ones—there 's no such thing as black light , so it ca n't produce anything darker than whatever happens to be behind its images—but subject to these constraints , the result is spectacular . The 3D imagery it produces looks solid and convincing , and critically , it stays exactly where it should .
Augmented reality ( AR ) , or as Microsoft calls it , mixed reality , blends computer-generated imagery with the real world , and that poses a problem that virtual reality ( VR ) does n't have to care about : objects that are positioned in the real world need to maintain their relative position in the real world even as you move around . Keeping them anchored in place is essential to making them seem real .
At this task , the HoloLens is a triumph . The room I was in had various objects pinned to the walls and sitting on tables , and they remained solidly in place throughout my testing . A key part of this is latency ; HoloLens apps have to produce 60 frames per second ( though this drops to 30fps when recording on the device ) to ensure that the application can keep its 3D scene updated to show the right things in the right places .
But the hardware goes further . The mysterious holographic processing unit ( HPU ) , a custom chip found in each device that integrates the accelerometer and spatial data from the device 's sensors to keep track of the world around you , minutely adjusts the display output at 240 frames per second in order to ensure that the 3D objects are drawn exactly where they should be .
And it really works .
New ways to interact
The HoloLens I was using was the Developer Edition . It runs Windows 10 , with a similar sort of tile-based program launcher , which looks familiar but immediately presents you with a twist . HoloLens runs 2D applications , too , but they have to be put somewhere . It 's like desktop window management , except this time the windows are 2D panes in 3D space , so you have to put them down where you want them before you can actually use them .
Being a production unit , the software experience has some additional polish and features that I 've not seen before . There 's a tutorial that walks you through the basic gestures and explains how to navigate . This had some new parts to it ; in past uses of the HoloLens we 've been taught the `` air tap '' gesture , where you fold your outstretched index finger as if you were pressing down on an invisible button . A couple of other gestures are also now possible ; a pinch and hold , for scrolling , and one that Microsoft calls `` bloom ; '' start with all five fingertips brought together , and then open your hand , as if petals unfurling from a flower . This gesture instantly quits the app you 're in and goes back to the Start menu .
Navigation , to move the cursor around , continues to be based on `` gaze , '' or more specifically the direction your face is pointing ( there 's no eye tracking , so it is n't really your gaze direction , just some approximation of it ) .
Also new is a device calibrator app to adjust it for your interpupillary distance . To optimize the 3D imaging the device needs to know exactly how far apart your eyes are . Microsoft has always said that it will include some built-in way of doing this , but for the sake of expediency , past demos have measured the distance using a pupilometer ( the same kind of device you use when getting a pair of glasses made ) , and just dialled the number directly into the software . This time around , with a bit more time to play with , I finally got to use the built-in feature ; an app that makes you look first with one eye and then the other , and align your finger with some targets .
I used a handful of applications—watching some video , poking around Settings , browsing in Edge—and two 3D games , Robo Raid ( formerly `` Project X-Ray '' ) and Young Conker .
Robo Raid is I think my favorite game that I 've played on the device . The first step—and indeed , the first step in many of the gaming experiences—is to scan the room you 're in so that the device can build a model of where you are and what obstacles and objects are around you . With this done , a range of robotic aliens will punch holes through the wall and either crawl along the walls or fly around the room , and you have to shoot at them . The Clicker peripheral was useful here ; it 's a little Bluetooth button that does an air tap each time you click it . This shows off the 3D very well ; you can go up to the holes in the walls and peer inside , and it 's a joy every time . It looks like there really is a hole !
Listing image by Esy Casey
Nov 12 , 2014 ; New Orleans , LA , USA ; New Orleans Pelicans forward Anthony Davis ( 23 ) shoots over Los Angeles Lakers center Jordan Hill ( 27 ) during the second quarter of a game at the Smoothie King Center . Mandatory Credit : Derick E. Hingle-USA TODAY Sports
Let 's face it , the Los Angeles Lakers are capable of fixing any offensive inefficiency and Wednesday night was no different for the Pelicans . Entering Wednesday night 's game , Los Angeles ranked dead last in the league at opponent 's points per game ( 111.5 ) and opponent 's field goal percentage ( 49.8 percent ! ! ! ! ! ) .
Anthony Davis and the New Orleans Pelicans were able to take advantage of the Lakers defensive shortcomings by taking a page out of the Cavaliers playbook . They utilized motion principles that forced the ball to move crisply and opened up driving lanes to attack the likes of Jordan Hill at the rim .
After having a stagnant offense just last week against the Memphis Grizzlies , seeing this kind of improvement ( albeit against the lowly Lakers ) is encouraging .
Notice the beautiful set up and continuity of the players during the initial possession of the game for New Orleans :
Jrue Holiday trots their way to the top of the arc before dumping it down low to Anthony Davis at the left elbow ( one of their most lethal places of operation ) . From there , Davis sizes up Jordan Hill before darting to the left to execute a dribble handoff/pick with Eric Gordon .
While this is happening , Jrue Holiday cuts through the lane and gets just enough of Carlos Boozer to allow Omer Asik to freely lumber themselves over to Gordon and set a second screen for Kobe Bryant to fight through . Gordon then makes the proper pocket pass to the rolling Asik , but it somehow gets tipped by the usually defensively challenged Boozer .
The possession results in a turnover , but holy hell was this a beautiful way to open up a game .
In the recent past , I have marveled at the way that Rick Carlisle and their staff creatively find ways to get Dirk Nowitzki open shots and was hoping that Monty Williams would be able to do the same for Anthony Davis at some point .
Although there is still a long way to go on that front , there was a sequence last night that got me all giddy .
While again using the dribble handoff method , Omer Asik is able to facilitate the offense and propel Davis into the painted area . Around the two second mark of the video , you will notice Luke Babbitt ( that 's right , LUKE BABBITT ! ) screening two Lakers at once , giving Davis optimal room to operate .
Getting Davis a running start is simply not fair to opposing big men that already have a challenge keeping up with him . Carlos Boozer has no chance as they are a step slow for the accelerating Davis .
Jeremy Lin is the last line of defense for the Lakers because of Asik 's presence in the short corner , and they choose to stand out in no man 's land rather than attempt to either help Boozer or make a play on the ball . Lin 's aloof nature naturally leaves a wide open passing lane for Davis to hit Holiday for the lay up .
All game long , New Orleans was able to hit big men rolling towards the basket by executing plays similar to the ones above . In the third quarter , they saved a special little piece of basketball poetry for Los Angeles and unleashed it when they were least expecting it .
I had to re-watch this play a solid five times to really appreciate all that was happening in such a short period of time .
Omer Asik again does their best Andrew Bogut impression and sizes up their defender at the top of the key before gingerly dribbling left and handing the ball off to Tyreke Evans , who started the play underneath the basket as a screener for Jrue Holiday .
As Evans receives the ball , Holiday ( after wheeling around the court ) is there to take yet another dribble handoff and set up the same type of scenario as the asupervisorstioned first play of the game that resulted in a turnover .
Having seen this kind of action all night , Lakers forward Wesley Johnson aggressively cuts off Asik 's roll towards the basket , but leaves Tyreke Evans alone for a wide open three in the process . Holiday wants to make the pass to Asik ( which explains the little hitch in their passing motion ) , but is heady enough to recognize Johnson 's presence and zips the ball over to Evans .
Plays like this really get the basketball nerd juices flowing .
Again , I am aware that the Lakers are a dreadful bunch on defense so we all should take each of these plays with a grain of salt . Having said that , it is still nice to see this kind of offense being put into action by the Pellies and something that I hope continues going forward .
Getting away from relying on awkward isolation packages and incorporating more ball movement will be a solid recipe for staking claim to a playoff spot in the bloodbath Western Conference .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Despite countless ways for us to share information online , business cards are somehow still a popular way to pass on contact info . So instead of trying to replace them , the creators of the swivelCard simply found a way to make business cards better with a built-in USB port that lets you share everything from your resume , to a photo gallery , to a video—and not just your name , email address , and cellphone number .
Advertisement
The swivelCards feature a simple folding mechanism so that when you 're handing them out they 're perfectly flat and easy to pocket , but when transformed they reveal a pop-up USB flash drive with enough storage to direct someone to additional online materials that you can add to , remove , or update at any time .
In order to refine and polish the back-end system for managing the smart business cards , including allowing users to keep track of where and when the cards have been used , the swivelCard creators are hoping to raise $ 10,000 on Kickstarter to fund additional development .
Advertisement
But the cards themselves work great , that part of the system has been perfected and you can pre-order a set of 200 with a donation of $ 259 . However , that only gives you the option to choose one of eight different designs . If you want to completely customize the graphics on your 200 cards , that requires a donation of $ 419 . So the swivelCards are expensive , there 's no doubt about that . But if you buy into the whole `` you only get one chance to make a first impression '' there 's no doubt these will certainly impress . [ SwivelCard ]
A lot of people ask us here at Jackbox Games “ What is the hardest part of making a game ? ” Most of the time , we just ignore that question and the person who asked it and drive away in our diamond-studded limousine . But this time , it was our limousine driver doing the asking , so we decided to put our minds to it as the diamond-studded locks clunked shut and they gave an ominous laugh .
As soon as we tired ourselves out from kicking at the windows and drinking all the Yoo-hoo in the mini-bar , we thought long and hard and the answer to their question came to us : picking the perfect release date ! Sure , there 's art , programming and when we feel like it , writing , but you GOT TA nail that tricky release date . That 's why we thought even longer and harder and came up with a winner ; October 18 , 2016 !
What a perfect date ! It 's right before all the big , party holidays . There 's Halloween , Thanksgiving , Christmas , New Years , the two-year anniversary of Ariana Grande licking that donut , and we want to be there when you celebrate .
And celebrate you shall ! We have some amazing games in this Party Pack that we 've all fallen in good , clean love with : there 's Trivia Murder Party , a trivia game hosted by a serial killer , Guesspionage , a polling game based on answers from the public , Tee K.O. , where you battle your witty T-shirts and slogans , Fakin ' It , where one of your friends is a dirty liar and you have to catch them and finally , Quiplash 2 , the sequel to our big , hit game… Uh , I forget what it was called . Wait , I have it tattooed on my hip . Tweety Bird ! Nope , wrong hip . Quiplash ! That 's it !
But that 's not all . We 've added new features that let you deal with those jerks we call trolls . Our new censor features let you boot those guys the second they get all obnoxious . And believe me , they WILL get obnoxious .
If you really want to see how awesome our new games are , check out some of our gameplay videos from TwitchCon : Jackbox Games Videos
Now , who knows how to break out of a limousine doing 80mph down the Dan Ryan , driven by a cackling maniac ? Or at least , can someone bring us more Yoo-hoo ?
The University of North Dakota is now offering student activists a living community that focuses primarily on social justice .
The Social Justice Living-Learning Community , launched this fall , is available for new and returning students who are interested in equality , diversity and “ promoting a more inclusive and just society , ” according to a description on the school 's website , first highlighted by Campus Reform .
The description did n't specify what events or causes the community planned to get behind , but stated that activities may include “ guest speakers , film series , book club , and service-learning opportunities . ”
Cheryl Terrance , faculty adviser of the school 's Ten Percent Society , a student support group for the “ GLBTQQIA community , ” told Campus Reform that their group would likely be involved in the new housing community 's programming efforts .
Connie Frazier , executive director of housing and dining at UND , told Campus Reform that since the community is so new , its members are having to discuss how to define their community and what kinds of activities they should get involved in .
“ Members of the Social Justice LLC believe that each person shares the responsibility of creating an environment in which all residents are respected and valued — regardless of one 's age , size , gender , sexual orientation , identity or identity expression , disability , race , ethnicity , color , creed , national origin , cultural background , socio-economic status , or religious affiliation or conviction , ” the description said .
“ In addition to traditional room assignment process , the Social Justice LLC will offer the option of a gender inclusive housing assignments , providing the option for students to live with the roommate with whom they are most comfortable without consideration to the individual 's sex , gender or gender expression . Students will only be assigned to gender inclusive assignments at their request . Gender inclusive room assignment requests must be mutual . ”
Losing save game data is one of the worst fates that can befall a PlayStation 2 owner . We felt bad enough when our Burnout 2 , Beyond Good & Evil , Prince of Persia and Final Fantasy X saves were nuked by our curiosity in the seemingly cursed wares of Wipeout Fusion ; we can only imagine what it 's like for people whose gaming lives are reliant on a single slab of rewritable flash and not spread over several like ours . Except , in fact , checking around some US forums over the weekend , we did more than just imagine it ; we witnessed the fallout first-hand .
See , Sony America has made a boo-boo . According to numerous reports from the States - since confirmed by Sony in a statement issued to registered PlayStation Underground types - a Viewtiful Joe 2 demo on the platform holder 's latest PlayStation Underground holiday demo disc has the unfortunate side effect of wiping any save data on any memory card .
`` It has just been brought to our attention that there is a glitch in [ the Viewtiful Joe 2 demo ] which will erase all of your saved files from your Memory Card ( s ) . If you have not yet played the Viewtiful Joe 2 demo , please remove your Memory Card ( s ) from your PlayStation 2 computer entertainment system before you load the Holiday 2004 Demo Disc , '' the company said . `` Sony Computer Entertainment America would like to express our sincerest apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused you . ''
Thankfully most of us wo n't have to worry about the problem , but we felt it was prudent to let our various American readers know just in case they have n't heard about it . But remember , Euro-folks , when it comes to demo discs you generally ca n't save the game anyway , so removing the card beforehand is almost certainly a good idea . Tread carefully .
by
Marketers ask me all the time the benefits of thought leadership , and I have only one thing to say : “ Make it happen. ” When it does n't work , it 's often for a number of reasons :
1 . Poor execution .
2 . Not enough effort . In b2b , there really is no such thing as over-exposure .
3 . Poor choice of superstar – a.k.a. , your thought leader . The one who is going to fill the house , put butts in the seats and pretty much make your brand the equivalent of a household name .
Masters of thought leadership include :
1 . Wall Street ( the latest happenings not withstanding ) . Think Mary Meeker and the cult of Alan Greenspan .
2 . College Basketball and football coaches – remember , these dudes have even written books that smart people actually read ! At least we are led to believe they actually wrote the books .
3 . Politicians – duh – for the most part .
And they can come and go . Witness Henry Blodgett .
But my favorite master of the thought leadership game is T. Boone Pickens . In a nutshell , T. Boone is a wildcatter who made billions in the oil game . Since 2001 until earlier this year , T. Boone could move the crude oil markets like no other . They were always the thought leader du jour on CNBC , “ The Wall Street Journal , ” and you name it with their oil price predictions . They always brought data to their commentary and was the first person to call for the $ 100 barrel of oil . What people were never told was that they were the single biggest holder in oil futures on the Nymerc ( where oil is traded ) . Pure brilliance : An oil speculator from Oklahoma , looked upon as the oil expert , who every time they got on tv made tens of millions for themselves and their beloved Oklahoma State University ( he donated $ 60 some-odd million to their athletic department ) .
Check out this Bloomberg article from '07 :
Boone Pickens , chairperson of Dallas- based BP Capital LLC , told financial news network CNBC that crude-oil prices will rise to $ 100 a barrel , perhaps before the end of this year . “ It could come this quarter , ” Pickens said today on CNBC . “ Within a year , you 're going to see $ 100 oil . ”
Guess what this “ genius ” is doing now ? Selling alternative energy . Guess what that means ? They started selling their oil contracts at $ 150 a barrel and could be going short .
[ youtube=http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=R2bOug1d20c & w=425 & h=344 ]
What 's the moral of the story ? I used to giggle at PR folks , but the reality is , companies need to create superstars in their industry . I am not saying it 's easier in the b2b world , but there is a massive desire for content and b2b organizations need to take advantage . Here are my tips :
1 . Think like a political strategist or Hollywood PR machine : Make sure the message , ideology , and goals are clear and well fleshed out .
2 . Pick the right superstar : its usually a CEO , but it can be a resident “ smarty-pants . ”
3 . Blog , panel and speak : Get in front of the masses . Keep in mind , all three are realistic . How many trade show companies send out requests for speakers ?
4 . Pictures : Learn from the best , the face works .
5 . Leverage the other thought leaders : get yours in the loop with other bloggers , columnists , writers and talking heads . These are the guys who will turn to your guru for quotes .
Take it from T. Boone , the thought leader can move the market in your direction .
Craig Rosenberg is the Funnelholic . They love sales , marketing , and things that drive revenue . Follow them on Google+ or Twitter
Jadwiga Apostoł-Staniszewska ( 22 December 1913 – 2 February 1990 ) was a Polish teacher in the interwar period , an underground activist during World War II , and a writer in postwar Poland .
Under the German occupation of Podhale , Apostoł ( nom-de-guerre Barbara Spytkowska ) became the co-founder of the Polish resistance group called the Tatra Confederation ( Polish : Konfederacja Tatrzańska ) , a.k.a . Confederation of the Tatra Mountains , actively opposing the germanization of the Polish highlanders . [ 1 ]
Apostoł survived Auschwitz and Malchow Nazi concentration camps , as well as Leipzig Arbeitslager before returning to Poland . After the Soviet liberation – as the only executive-member of the Tatra Confederation who was still alive – they were persecuted by the Ministry of Public Security and sentenced to five years in prison on trumped-up charges . [ 2 ]
Released the same year thanks to an amnesty , they were permanently barred from their occupation as a teacher . Jadwiga Apostoł spent the rest of their life in Szczecin . They returned to Podhale shortly before their death and was buried in Nowy Targ . [ 3 ]
Biography [ edit ]
Jadwiga Apostoł was born in Nowy Targ , the oldest of three children of Wincenty Apostoł , organist and choir master , and Magdalena ( née Czubernat ) , a dressmaker . In 1932 , they graduated from the Teachers ' College and got a job at an elementary school in Nowogródek – far away from home . They came back from Kresy to Nowy Targ in 1939 , only to witness the invasion of Poland . Immediately afterwards , their family began to smuggle Polish officers ( who were escaping arrest ) across the border to Slovakia and Hungary on their way to Polish military formations abroad . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
In May 1941 , Apostoł joined the Tatra Confederation ( KT ) , a resistance group formed in Nowy Targ by Augustyn Suski and Tadeusz Popek to oppose the Nazi Goralenvolk action aimed at the germanization of the Polish highlanders . They became the KT executive secretary in charge of organizational and administrative duties , writing announcements for clandestine newsletters and typing all the group 's printed material . While their parents kept watch on the road , they operated a duplicating machine installed in the attic of their remote home . [ 2 ]
Capture and persecution [ edit ]
The Tatra Confederation rose in popularity , having dozens of cells around Limanowa , Wadowice and Myślenice towns , and almost 500 members by the end of 1941 . However , in January 1942 it was infiltrated by the Gestapo and broken up . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Apostoł escaped arrest by chance , and went into hiding . They moved between Skomielna , Jordanów , and Bogdanówka near Myślenice , where they were finally turned in by an informant and arrested along with their co-conspirator Tadeusz Popek on 22 August 1942 . [ 5 ]
They were brought to the Palace Hotel – the Gestapo headquarters in Zakopane – and interrogated for three months . From there , they were transferred to prison in Kraków and a month later deported to Auschwitz where they worked for the Gardening Commando ( prisoner # 26,273 ) . On January 18 , 1945 they were evacuated to Ravensbrück , along with the rest of the female prisoners and taken to its Malchow sub-camp . They escaped near Leipzig from one of the subsequent transports and survived the war . [ 6 ]
Following the war , Apostoł held jobs in Nowy Targ and Szaflary . In 1949 they were arrested by the Ministry of Public Security , along with several others , and was accused of plotting against the People 's Republic of Poland . They were sentenced to five years in prison , but released soon later due to a general pardon .
Ostracized by the local authorities and unable to find work , they moved away from Podhale to Szczecin . However , the persecution did not stop there ; they were forced to work as a construction laborer for the next decade . In 1964 they married Ludwik Staniszewski , an office clerk . They lived and wrote their memoirs in Szczecin until their retirement .
After their husband 's death in 1985 , Apostoł-Staniszewska moved back to Nowy Targ , where they died on 2 February 1990 , aged 76 . [ 3 ]
Works [ edit ]
Jadwiga Apostoł-Staniszewska , Echa okupacyjnych lat ( Echoes of Years of Occupation ) , Ludowa Spółdzielnia Wydawnicza , Warsaw , 1970 reprinted in 1973 , 322 pages , OCLC 3785812 ; memoir of the Tatra Confederation ( in Polish )
( Echoes of Years of Occupation ) , Ludowa Spółdzielnia Wydawnicza , Warsaw , 1970 reprinted in 1973 , 322 pages , OCLC 3785812 ; memoir of the Tatra Confederation Jadwiga Apostoł-Staniszewska , Nim zbudził się dzień ( Before the Day 's Outbreak ) , Ludowa Spółdzielnia Wydawnicza , Warsaw , 1979 , ISBN 83-205-3159-4 ( in Polish ) ; translated into German as Erinnerungen aus d. dt . Konzentrationslagern Auschwitz , Ravensbrück u. Majdanek ; a memoir of their imprisonment in German camps ( in German )
( Before the Day 's Outbreak ) , Ludowa Spółdzielnia Wydawnicza , Warsaw , 1979 , ISBN 83-205-3159-4 ; translated into German as ; a memoir of their imprisonment in German camps Jadwiga Apostoł , Ucałujcie polska ziemię ( To Kiss the Polish Soil ) , relation of escape from the German transport . Unpublished
( To Kiss the Polish Soil ) , relation of escape from the German transport . Jadwiga Apostoł , Spotkania z przeszłością ( Meetings with the Past ) , memoir of Stalinist persecution , 1945–1953 . Unpublished ( in Polish )
Notes and references [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Because the hype around automation is bound to continue , leaders need a clear-eyed way to think about how these technologies will impact their organizations . A thoughtful approach to automation must consider not which jobs are going to be replaced , but rather , what work will be redefined , and how . Start by focusing on the specific tasks automation could do , not by thinking about entire jobs or specific technologies . Then , make sure you understand that there are different types of automation , from robotic process automation to cognitive automation to social robotics . After you understand how these technologies might take over certain tasks , it 's your job to manage that transition — and re-envision your organization for the future .
Today , executives have to cut through a lot of hype around automation . Leaders need a clear-eyed way to think about how these technologies will specifically affect their organizations . The right question is n't which jobs are going to be replaced , but rather , what work will be redefined , and how ? Based on our work with a number of organizations grappling with these issues , we 've found that the following four-step approach can help .
1 . Start with the work , not the “ job ” or the technology . Much work will continue to exist as traditional “ jobs ” in organizations , but automation makes traditional jobs more fluid and an increasing amount of work will occur outside the traditional boundaries of a “ job . ”
Optimally integrating humans and automation requires greater ability to deconstruct work into discrete elements — that is , seeing the tasks of a job as independent and fungible components . Deconstructing and then reconfiguring the components within jobs reveals human-automation combinations that are more efficient , effective , and impactful . AI and robotics increasingly take on the routine aspects of both blue and white collar jobs , leaving the non-routine to humans . That challenges the very essence of what organizations retain as human work . The reconfiguration of these non-routine activities will yield new and different types of jobs .
Insight Center The Age of AI Sponsored by Accenture How it will impact business , industry , and society .
2 . Understand the different work automation opportunities . AI can support three types of automation : robotic process automation ( RPA ) , cognitive automation , and social robotics .
RPA automates high volume , low complexity , routine administrative “ white collar ” tasks — the logical successor to outsourcing many administrative processes , further reducing costs and increasing accuracy . Optimizing RPA can only be done when the work is deconstructed . For example , RPA will seldom replace the entire “ job ” of a call center representative . Certain tasks , such as talking a client through their frustration with a faulty product or mishandled order will , for now , remain a human task . Others , such as requesting customer identification information and tracking the status of a delivery are optimally done with RPA .
Cognitive automation takes on more complex tasks by applying things like pattern recognition or language understanding to various tasks . For example , the Amazon Go retail store in Seattle has no cashiers or checkout lanes . Customers pick up their items and go , as sensors and algorithms automatically charge their Amazon account . Automation has replaced the work elements of scanning purchases and processing payment . Yet other elements of the “ job ” of store associate are still done by humans , including advising in-store customers about product features .
Social robotics involves robots moving autonomously and interacting or collaborating with humans through the combination of sensors , AI , and mechanical robots . A good example is “ driverless ” vehicles , where robotics and algorithms interact with other human drivers to navigate through traffic . Deconstructing the “ job ” reveals that the human still plays an important role . While the human “ co-pilot ” no longer does the work of routine navigation and piloting , they still do things like observing the driverless operation , and stepping in to assist with unusual or dangerous situations . Indeed , it is often overlooked that the human co-pilot is actually “ training ” the AI-driven social robotics , because every time the human makes a correction , the situation and the results are “ learned ” by the AI system .
3 . Manage the decoupling of work from the organization . The future global work ecosystem will offer alternative work arrangements including each of the three automation solutions , along with human work sources such as talent platforms , contingent labor , and traditional employment . The human work that is created or remains after automation will not fit easily into traditional jobs , nor will it always be optimally sourced through employment . Work will need to be freed from “ jobs within organizations , ” and instead be measured and executed as more deconstructed units , engaged through many sources . Today 's supply chains track the components of products at both an atomized and aggregate level . Similarly , the new work ecosystem will develop a common language of work , enabling organizations not only to forecast and meet work demands from various sources , but to devise new reconfigurations of work elements that are best sourced in alternative ways .
4 . Re-envision the organization . The combination of automation , work deconstruction , and reconfiguration will often redefine the meaning of “ organization ” and “ leadership. ” The “ organization ” must be reconsidered as a hub and capital source for an ecosystem of work providers . Those “ providers ” include AI and automation , but also include “ human ” sources such as employees , contractors , freelancers , volunteers , and partners . The optimal combination of these providers seldom appears if you frame the question as , “ In which jobs will AI replace humans ? ” Only when you look within those jobs , as described above , will you discover the human-automation combinations that redefine work and how it should be organized .
AI will significantly disrupt and potentially empower the global workforce . It wo n't happen all at once or in every job , but it will happen , and leaders will need an automation strategy that realizes its benefits , avoids needless costs , and rests on a more nuanced understanding of work .
New Delhi : As the one-year anniversary of the Narendra Modi government 's controversial decision to demonetise high-value currency notes approaches , the prime minister has fallen back once again on a rather political justification .
At a poll rally in Himachal Pradesh , Modi defended demonetisation , saying that if former prime minister and Congress leader Indira Gandhi had carried out the note ban back in the 1970s , it would not have been necessary in 2016 .
“ Had they done note ban when needed , I would not have had to carry out this big task . For the Congress , it is never ‘ dal se bada desh ‘ ( country bigger than party ) . For them only their party 's interest comes first , ” they were reported as saying .
This is n't the first time Modi justified demonetisation by using Indira 's hesitance to act on the Justice Wanchoo committee 's recommendations on black money despite former finance minister Y.B . Chavan 's backing of the report .
In December 2016 , a month after demonetisation , at the BP 's winter parliamentary meeting , Modi blamed the former prime minister , saying that if they had done what needed to be done , “ the nation would n't have been in this situation today ” .
How true is this ? The Wire breaks it down .
Firstly , did Indira shy away carrying out demonetisation ? This part appears to be true – the Wanchoo committee 's recommendations in the early 1970s included demonetisation as one of the measures to rein in black money . One account of Indira 's views on the subject comes from former bureaucrat Madhav Godbole 's book titled Unfinished Innings : Recollections and Reflections of a Civil Servant . In one chapter , Godbole recounts a meeting between Indira and Chavan , where the former prime minister turns down the former finance minister 's recommendation . However , as others have pointed out , Indira 's refusal should , in part at least , be seen in the context of India 's economic situation at the time , the 1971 Bangladesh war and the fact that the publicity given to the recommendations may have “ resulted in black money operators getting rid of high-value currency notes . ”
It 's the second part of Modi 's statement – that if Indira Gandhi had done what needed to be done , then the NDA government would not have needed to carry out demonetisation in 2016 – that does n't hold up .
It ignores the fact that just a few years later ( on January 14 , 1978 ) , Morarji Desai and their finance minister H.M. Patel bit the demonetisation bullet by invalidating Rs 1,000 , 5,000 and 10,000 notes . By the time Indira Gandhi returned to power in 1980 and till their assassination in 1984 , the highest currency note in circulation was Rs 100 .
Modi 's Himachal claim also ignores the fact that a National Institute of Public Finance and Policy-conducted study in the mid-1980s concluded that the 1978 demonetisation exercise ( and an earlier one conducted in 1946 ) was largely a failure . This study , an excerpt of it shown below , has been cited in the past by economist Bibek Debroy ( current chairperson of the Prime Minister 's Economic Advisory Council ) .
“ …there are other good reasons to doubt the efficacy of this measure in combating black income generation . First , the measure is limited to inflicting penalties on those who hold their black wealth in the form of cash … There is every reason to believe that cash is not an important form for holding black wealth…Second , even for holders of cash , there exist avenues for converting high denomination notes into lower valued ones , at a discount , through intermediaries . Third , and perhaps most importantly , the measure does not address the underlying causes of black income generation . Hence , subsequent generation of such incomes can continue unabated… ” – NIPFP study .
The failure of both demonetisation attempts appears in part because the presence of high-value currency notes was not a huge problem at the time : NIPFP also notes that in the 1946 demonetisation exercise , “ about Rs 9 crore of high denomination notes , out of a stock of Rs 144 crore in circulation , were presented for conversion ” . In 1978 , the “ value of unconverted high denomination notes was Rs 20 crore out of a circulation of Rs 145 crore . ”
Therefore it 's not clear that if Indira had opted for demonetisation in 1971 they would have been any more successful .
On top of this , as The Wire has noted in the past , because the goals of the 1978 demonetisation exercise were not met and because of the declining purchasing power of the Indian rupee , the government ( of Rajiv Gandhi ) introduced Rs 500 notes in 1987 . In 2001 , the Vajpayee government re-introduced the Rs 1,000 note .
In fact , in a Lok Sabha debate in 1998 , former finance minister Yashwant Sinha argued that if the 1978 demonetisation had any effect on black money generation , then the “ black money circulation and quantum of black money in this country would not have gone up between 1978 and 1998 . ”
In conclusion , Modi is incorrect when they state that if Indira Gandhi had carried out the note ban “ when needed ” , they would not have had to “ carry out this big task ” .
Why ? Firstly , because it was carried out either way a few years later in 1978 and was not a success .
Secondly , because the decision to introduce and re-introduce the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 note ( this one done during Vajpayee 's tenure ) was taken by successive governments . It is the growth of these two notes that fuelled one of the Modi government 's pet peeves – increasing currency in circulation and the consequent cash-to-GDP ratio – which is what sparked the apparent need for demonetisation .
“ To be a trader is to be two things : dangerous , and at risk. ” ―Robert Holdstock
“ We 've got a long way to go and a short time to get there. ” ―Jerry Reed
We are the few who dare : we brothers and sisters who ride the Witch-space corridors of Faraway . We turn the wheels of industry , moving the goods that power a heaven-spanning society of worlds . We pilot ships named for snakes—Asps , Cobras , Pythons , Anacondas—and on our backs is the tripartite hegemony of man built .
We fly . We fight . We trade . We explore . We brave the black under the unblinking gaze of the naked stars . We do it for fortune , for fame , for glory—for the thrill of the hunt , or maybe just because to sit at home on a station is to be ordinary , and we are never that .
These are our stories .
Begin at the beginning , or pick a chapter :
Republicans have been getting in trouble for asserting this since at least 1988 -- but anti-abortion politicians keep hauling out this old idea for a reason .
Here we go again . Trotting out the contemporary equivalent of the early American belief that only witches float , Rep. Todd Akin , the Republican challenger to Democratic U.S . Senator Claire McCaskill , told a local Missouri station in an interview that `` legitimate rape '' does not lead to pregnancy .
`` First of all , from what I understand from doctors [ pregnancy from rape ] is really rare , '' Akin said in an interview with KTVI-TV that caused a furor online Sunday afternoon after being posted on TPM . `` If it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . ''
Akin 's comments came during a discussion of their hardline stand against permitting legal abortions for rape victims . `` I think there should be some punishment , but the punishment ought to be on the rapist and not attacking the child , '' they said .
McCaskill quickly rebuked them -- `` As a woman & former prosecutor who handled 100s of rape cases , I 'm stunned by Rep. Akin 's comments about victims this AM , '' they tweeted -- and Republican operatives on Twitter joined in the chorus decrying their remarks and speculating that they would need to be pulled from the race if the GOP wanted to continue to have any shot at taking their seat . Akin , who had been leading in polls , issued a lengthy statement explaining that they `` misspoke . ''
Washington Post would rather war in Syria continue than let Russia broker peace .
Matt Orfalea Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 4 , 2017
The Washington Post editors makes clear they would rather the Syrian war continue than achieve peace in their recent editorial :
The Post writes :
With the near elimination of the Islamic State in Syria , there has been a fresh burst of diplomatic activity aimed at ending the country 's civil war . A new session is scheduled Tuesday of U.N.-sponsored talks in Geneva following conferences last week hosted by Russia…
Most Americans would consider “ the near elimination of the Islamic State in Syria ” and an end to the Syrian war to be great news . But the pro-war Washingt Post considers a diplomatic approach towards peace to be unfortunate .
Unfortunately , Mr. Trump appears more than happy to abet that project…he enthusiastically endorsed Mr. Putin 's plans , which nominally entail new negotiations between the Assad regime and opposition groups over a new constitution .
The Post then describes Trump 's decision , to let Russia take on the peacemaker role in Syria , as a display of weakness .
For now , however , Russia has supplanted the United States as the convening power of the Middle East 's most important conflict . That Mr. Trump would welcome that development is another testament to their curious deference to the Kremlin .
Letting Russia fight our shared enemy , ISIS , is not “ deference to the Kremlin ” . With that logic America should be considered weak for letting the Soviet Union deliver the final blow to Nazi Germany in WW2 — Nonsense .
If defeating ISIS and establishing peace in the Middle East are America 's true goals in Syria , it should not matter what role Russia has in it , so long as those objective 's are accomplished .
Red Sox outfielder Rusney Castillo is one of a number of Cuban players who have defected in recent years .
How the new diplomatic relationship between the United States and Cuba will affect baseball , no one really knows .
There 's been a lot of speculation . Mostly positive . And that 's the way it should be . But what does n't make sense is that Cuba , which loves baseball , will suddenly become like the Dominican Republic , complete with academies and all sorts of ways teams could tap the best players .
Three major league executives we spoke with are skeptical it will get that far .
Advertisement
Major League Baseball issued a statement after President Obama 's announcement of the new relationship , saying that “ MLB will continue to track this significant issue and inform clubs about how the White House announcement may impact the manner in which they conduct business on issues related to Cuba . ”
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox : The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
In other words , it 's way too early to know .
One of the executives , who did n't want to throw cold water on the news , indicated that the major leagues already have tapped into the best players , including Yoenis Cespedes , Rusney Castillo , Yasiel Puig , Jose Abreu , and Yasmany Tomas . There have been younger players who also have defected and come to the US .
One of the best things that could happen is these star players would no longer have to put their lives in jeopardy to leave Cuba to play baseball in the US . End the human smuggling that has transpired for years . End the travesty of having to escape .
The executives believe any relationship between MLB and Cuba would involve rules put in place by the Cuban government to prevent an all-out raid of their players , whether it 's a posting system like we see for Japanese and Korean players , or some assurance that the best Cuban players will stay home to play professionally and for the national team .
Advertisement
Perhaps there will be something put in writing that if players leave for the US , they will be able to return to play for the national team . That 's very important to Cuba , according the executives who have dealt with Cuban players .
Right now , it 's all wishful thinking . Putting the cart before the horse .
But to legendary Cuban players such as Luis Tiant and Tony Oliva , this is music to their ears , because they never thought it was possible . Both still temper their enthusiasm because they do n't know what it will lead to , if anything .
If it means Cuban players could come and go and take care of their families , that would be terrific .
Everyone assumes because the countries are linked by baseball , though the sport means more to Cubans than it does to Americans , that baseball could be the trigger point to improved relations .
Advertisement
There 's still an economic embargo . Will that be lifted ? All kinds of questions remain .
Obviously , diplomatic relations between the countries , which were severed in 1961 , are far more important than baseball . But it could be a place to start positive measures that could lead to greater positives .
Cuba 's baseball is advanced . It has its own way of teaching players , so the thinking that academies are necessary to teach young players is amusing .
That 's why Cuban hitters have come to the US and seen instant success . They are ready even though Cuban pitching does n't necessarily provide them with major league-caliber opposition , though even Triple A pitching is a tick higher than what they 've been facing .
Cespedes , Puig , and Abreu have all been All-Stars . And Castillo could be headed that way once they shake off the rust of not playing for more than a year and half before joining the Red Sox in September .
Omar Minaya , the San Diego Padres ' vice president of baseball operations and a former Expos and Mets general manager , thinks the attention brought to baseball as a result of the news can only be a positive .
“ I think the announcement brought attention to two points , the political issue and the baseball issue , but there are still unknowns on both fronts , ” Minaya said . “ Politics will always trump baseball , and the future of this will raise complex issues both politically and for baseball . ”
But Minaya and many others feel there is at least potential for a larger talent pool to enter the major leagues if things break right .
And as far as the top Cuban players already being here , Minaya believes that all talent , whether it 's in Cuba , the Dominican Republic , Venezuela , Japan , etc. , runs in cycles .
“ This was a very positive , exciting announcement , ” Minaya said . “ That 's how we all look it . We 're all waiting to hear more . ”
THROWN FOR A LOSS ?
Teams may have field day against Lester
paul beaty/associated press Now that they are in the NL , teams are more likely to test Jon Lester with bunts .
The one thing Jon Lester is going to have to deal with as they acclimate to the National League is throwing to bases . He 's always had problems with it , and in a more bunting-oriented league , he 'll have to deal with it more .
And do n't think opposing teams are n't aware .
“ Frankly , I was surprised that more teams did n't test them on it , ” said one American League scout . “ I had it on all my reports . Lester is n't the only one with that problem , but it 's obvious it 's a struggle for him . The one time a team did test them [ the Royals ] they were able to make all the plays . But you can see with the underhand tosses , the few tosses to first base on pickoffs , the way they maneuver , that the last thing they want to do is to have to make a play and throw to a base , especially second base . ”
Lester is n't the only pitcher who has this problem , and he 's only made 15 errors in their career . He 'll throw the ball away two or three times a season . Not much really , but it could be more if they were tested .
Baseball people will tell you that throwing to bases is different for pitchers than throwing to home plate . It requires a different type of throw . The mechanics are different .
Former Red Sox lefthander Matt Young had a similar issue but more severe . There were a few times when they even rolled the ball to first base .
It seems Lester got a little better last season , but it is in their head nonetheless .
Another AL scout thought it was odd that more teams did n't force Lester to field bunts .
“ I do n't know the reason for that , ” said the scout . “ If you know there 's a problem there , why not take advantage ? It 's probably the same as a hitter who is shifted on and there 's a wide-open gap on the left side and they do n't try to bunt their way on for a base hit . Some things you just ca n't explain . ”
Some lefthanded pitchers are vulnerable when there 's a runner at third , but how many times does the runner try to steal home ? Jacoby Ellsbury did it to Andy Pettitte , but despite the weakness it was rarely exploited .
One wonders if there 's a code of “ do n't embarrass the guy ” among managers . And even if that exists , in the NL there will be more times when the pitcher has to bunt when their time comes up in the order .
One would think that this would be a huge point of emphasis by the Cubs and pitching coach Chris Bosio with Lester in spring training .
The problem could be rectified , but if it is n't , this could become an issue in a league where Lester could dominate even more than they did in the AL .
Apropos of nothing
1 . The Red Sox are inching closer to a very high payroll . Their obligations to players already signed or to players heading to arbitration are about $ 170 million . Then there are a few controllables , such as Joe Kelly , Mookie Betts , Brandon Workman , Xander Bogaerts , and Brock Holt , that could add another $ 3 million- $ 5 million to the total . Red Sox principal owner John Henry said they were willing to go over the $ 189 million luxury tax threshold for a year . If the Red Sox add an ace , such as James Shields or Cole Hamels , they 'll definitely go over . The Red Sox will have some disposable salary after this season . Shane Victorino 's $ 13 million , Mike Napoli 's $ 16 million , and Edward Mujica 's $ 4.5 million would come off the books . Also , Rick Porcello will become a free agent .
2 . Once again , give Padres president Mike Dee credit for getting ownership to put a representative team on the field and allowing new GM A.J . Preller to find the best players . The worst offense in baseball last season has added Matt Kemp , Justin Upton , and Wil Myers , which should give the Padres tremendous righthanded pop . Adding Will Middlebrooks ( in a deal for catcher Ryan Hanigan ) could be huge if Middlebrooks turns things around with the pressure off in a smaller market . The Padres really like their starting staff . They have a good manager ( Bud Black ) to make them a contender in the NL West .
3 . The Boston chapter of the Baseball Writers Association has chosen David Ortiz as the Red Sox MVP for 2014 . Among some of the other winners are the Orioles ' Dan Duquette as executive of the year and Buck Showalter as manager of the year . Tickets for the annual dinner Jan. 22 at Agganis Arena are $ 200 each . Contact Renee Fraker at 617-624-1231 .
4 . David Ross was a good backup for the Red Sox and he 'll go on to be Jon Lester 's personal catcher in Chicago , but Hanigan likely taking over as the Sox ' backup would seem to reduce Christian Vazquez 's playing time . Hanigan , 34 , who graduated from Andover High , has had injury issues but is considered an excellent receiver adept at framing pitches .
5 . Ran into former Boston mayor Ray Flynn , who like the late Tom Menino loves the Red Sox . They give a thumbs-up to the moves they 've made in the offseason .
6 . Grady Little is back in baseball , evaluating players for the Pirates . They spent a lot of time in Arizona Fall League and will serve GM Neal Huntington well .
7 . Two signings by the Scott Boras camp , both with the Royals — Kendrys Morales to a two-year , $ 17 million deal , and Alex Rios to a one-year , $ 11 million deal ( plus a mutual option ) . Is Stephen Drew next ?
Updates on nine
Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images Doubts exist on whether Allen Craig can bounce back .
1 . Allen Craig , 1B , Red Sox — The Marlins passed and signed Michael Morse instead . The Pirates went with Corey Hart . The Giants say he 's on the back burner . That leaves possibly the Brewers with interest in Craig . There are so many teams who have mixed feelings on whether Craig will bounce back to be the hitter they were before last season . NL executives remember Craig as a tough out , a clutch hitter , and a professional bat . They were hardly that a year ago .
2 . Carlos Quentin , OF , Padres — Can you say , “ odd man out ? ” With Matt Kemp , Wil Myers , and Justin Upton in the fold , the oft-injured Quentin is now prime bait for a DH role . The Orioles , Mariners ( who could also use them in right field occasionally ) , and Rays could be trade candidates for Quentin , who has n't played 100 games since 2011 . Quentin is owed $ 8 million in 2015 and there 's a mutual option for $ 10 million in 2016 that can be bought out for $ 3 million . Suffice to say , the Padres would have to take on some money to trade him .
3 . James Shields , RHP , free agent — The final Shields numbers are expected to be close to the five years and $ 110 million remaining ( if the option is picked up ) on the Cole Hamels deal , according to one major league source who was privy to Shields 's demands . The Giants and Red Sox are in the picture , and the Yankees may be another suitor .
4 . Seth Smith , OF , Padres — He 's another extra outfielder on the Padres , but one who 's always in demand . It 'll be interesting to see whether Smith is kept to spell the three starters , or even to platoon a bit with Myers . If Smith is out there in the trade market he 'll get considerable interest , which could be yet another piece the Padres can use to obtain another need .
5 . Matt Wieters , C , Orioles — There seems no urgency on either side — agent Scott Boras or the Orioles — to visit a possible extension for the backstop , who missed most of last season after Tommy John surgery . Wieters 's return should be huge for the Orioles , but Boras will likely not consider anything until the end of the season .
6 . Nathan Eovaldi , RHP , Yankees — Acquired in the Martin Prado deal with Miami , Eovaldi represents the Yankees ' attempt to get younger and add a quality arm . Their catcher with the Marlins , Jarrod Saltalamacchia , said of Eovaldi , “ At the end of the year they figured out how to throw a new pitch that is really going to help him . They throw hard and all of their pitches are hard , so this new pitch will help that out because he 's got a fastball rotation with split action. ” There 's the feeling out there that Eovaldi does n't always listen to coaches , who believe that they have big-time stuff that 's gone untapped .
7 . Asdrubal Cabrera , SS , free agent — There 's a lot of dialogue with teams , according to agent Alan Nero , but nothing has come together yet . Cabrera is willing to move to second base , which would be beneficial to him . There 's been speculation concerning the Yankees with Prado gone . Cabrera could take a one-year deal somewhere and reestablish himself .
8 . Max Scherzer , RHP , free agent — The more you ask baseball executives about where Scherzer will end up , the more the answers come back Detroit . The Tigers know and like Scherzer , and the feeling is they need them after trading Rick Porcello to the Red Sox , and obtaining Alfredo Simon from the Reds and Shane Greene from the Yankees . The Tigers ' rotation is missing a significant pitcher ( you ca n't call Justin Verlander that anymore , and David Price may not re-sign ) . The executives we talked to think Scherzer 's deal will be north of Lester 's six years at $ 155 million , but well short of $ 200 million ( unless option years are counted ) .
9 . Troy Tulowitzki , SS , Rockies — Nobody from the Mets who we 've contacted seems to think there 's anything to rumors he 'll be dealt to New York . Though maybe they should consider it . The Marlins , after all , are going for it . The Nationals are really good . The Mets have a nice young staff , but their offense is a question mark even with the addition of Michael Cuddyer .
Extra innings
From the Bill Chuck files — “ Over the last five seasons , Jose Bautista leads major league baseball with 187 homers , followed by Miguel Cabrera with 181 and Giancarlo Stanton and Albert Pujols with 154 each. ” . . . Also , “ Clay Buchholz allowed three earned runs or fewer in 15 starts in 2013 , and then again in 2014 . The difference ? In 2013 , they made 16 starts ; in 2014 , they made 28. ” . . . Happy birthday , Freddy Sanchez ( 37 ) , Dustin Hermanson ( 42 ) , Jim Wright ( 64 ) , and Pete Charton ( 72 ) .
Nick Cafardo can be reached at cafardo @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ nickcafardo . Material from interviews , wire services , other beat writers , and league and team sources was used in this report .
Journalists and media experts gathered in Seoul on Monday to discuss South Korean media 's reporting tendencies on inter-Korean relations , mainly focusing on reports from the Chosun Ilbo and Korean Broadcasting System ( KBS ) .
Journalists taking part in the Seoul panel “ Current Reporting on Inter-Korean Relations , ” commonly pointed Monday to worsening reporting standards , caused by what one said was the change from progressive to conservative governments .
“ The expertise of the KBS journalist has been degraded since the regime change from Roh Moo-hyun to Lee Myung-bak , ” said Kim Jung-hwan , a 20-year KBS reporter who once covered the Ministry of Unification ( MoU ) and Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
“ The expert reporter policy , which had been demanded by journalists , has been abolished . Reporters who were nurtured as expert reporters on unification and diplomacy had to change departments , ” they continued .
Kim said the increasingly low quality of reporting is causing unclear reports that use anonymous sources without proper filtering , due to a lack of reliable sources .
Kim said it is a systemic problem . “ Without ensuring the independence of KBS , this controversy will not stop , ” Kim said , referencing the South Korean government 's efforts to influence what that public broadcaster reports on .
Criticism of the Chosun Ilbo 's reporting on North Korea was also raised during the panel .
“ It reported on high-ranking officials ' defection on July 6 , quoting Daily NK 's unnamed source . This kind of article uses a lot of sentences like ‘ it is known that . ' The defection was denied by the MoU later , ” Lee Yong-ma , a former MBC reporter said , describing such reports as “ ghost articles . ”
Lee said that the Chosun Ilbo ‘ s pivotal position had not changed , despite a well-known transition since January 2014 .
“ Looking into the four-part series ‘ Unification is the Future , ' there is a contradiction between the general vision on unification and ( their ) perspective on the Kim Jong-un regime . ”
This contradiction is caused by the lack of a specific plan for unification , Lee said .
“ The Chosun Ilbo is suggesting a rosy future of unification by focusing on the economic benefits , but decision-making-level media staff still have a biased and negative perspective on North Korea . ”
Kim Chi-gwan , chief editor of the Tongil Sinmun , said that there is no signal of a faltering North Korea regime , despite the continuous purges revealed by the National Intelligence Service ( NIS ) .
“ President Park ordered publicity about the Hyon Young Chol purge among the people , and the NIS reported it to the National Assembly . Then the media reported this , saying that the regime is unstable . ”
Jang Yong-hoon , who covers North Korea for Yonhap News , said that there are regulations about reporting on the North Korean issue , created in 1995 .
“ However , journalists do n't care about this regulation , do n't even know the existence of it . ”
Experts argued that reporting about North Korea causes uncertainty , as it is impossible to check the authenticity of rumors .
“ The May 24 Measures ( banning most inter-Korean trade ) worsened this tendency . Now journalists can not help depending on second- or third-rate information , ” said Shim Young-sup , a lecturer at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies .
Featured image : Wikipedia Commons
Most of the startup learning curve is a learn-on-the-job endeavor . Nothing replaces the real experience of managing your own company ; however there are some lessons that are worth learning ahead of time .
Smart entrepreneurs learn to pick out which teachings should be followed and which should be discarded .
This is my common response I send when friends ask for a book list . I actually think blogs are far more important because they 're real-time and often include comments that can help the reader learn the subtleties and exceptions of an argument . As I 've said before , instead of reading this blog , I highly recommend these :
But there 's something nice about books . Books are consumed in a different setting . They linger on bookshelfs . They get highlighted and earmarked . If you 're new to the startup world , I would recommend reading and re-reading the following 6 books . In fact , I would go farther and say that you should not start your company until you read through this list :
The 6 best startup books to read before starting your company
A lot of this book is understanding how to put luck on your side . I put this book as first though because it can help you understand if you want to be an founder or a manager . Founders are a special breed . Peabody claims it 's the B- players that like to hack systems so that they get 80 % of the result for 20 % of the efforts . Managers are early employees , A+ players , that can take a founders vision and create something remarkable . It 's helpful to understand which one you are . And it 's helpful to know how luck and intelligence work together .
As they say : `` I was smart enough to realize I was getting lucky ''
If you 've never built a product or if you 're a non-technical MBA , start here . The purpose is to learn the basics of agile development early on . The m.o . of 37 Signals is :
`` We believe software is too complex . Too many features , too many buttons , too much to learn . Our products do less than the competition – intentionally . We build products that work smarter , feel better , allow you to do things your way , and are easier to use . ''
Getting Real is how they teach you to do the same .
Guy will show you how to start the company and how to raise money . This is your replacement for whatever textbook you used in your entrepreneurship class . It 's a nuts and bolts guide to what you do at each stage of start-up process . Kawasaki is great about helping you understand how investors will view you .
One great example , they direct you against putting a competitive profile slide in your pitching deck that shows your features vs. their features . He 's seen this enough times to know it 's a useless cliche : the entrepreneur always claims to have more features than the competition . Their solution is to list out your unfair advantages and their unfair advantages in order to prove you have a reasonable perspective on your market . Good stuff .
The Four Steps to the Epiphany by Steve Blank From my vantage point , Steve Blank is this year 's favorite author , blogger , professor , and speaker . I know that some venture capitalists give their book out to all newly-funded management teams . ( To show how aware I am of my own hypocrisy -- Steve Blank teaches entrepreneuship at a business school -- perhaps better than anyone else anywhere . ) Blank outlines a method called customer development . In their words
`` Your startup is an organization built to search for a repeatable and scalable business model . Your job as a founder is to quickly validate whether the model is correct by seeing if customers behave as your model predicts . Most of the time the darn customers do n't behave as you predicted . ''
Rework also 37 signals Rework is a collection of essays from their wonderful blog , Signals vs . Noise . Reading it as a whole is a nice way to learn about how to think of your startup as a business that needs to make money . These guys are pro-bootstrapping , pro-profits , and anti-venture investing . They 're a nice counterpoint to much of the startup literature that focuses on how to raise money as the primary goal in the early part of a company . Founders at Work by Jessica Livingston This is a good last book for this list because it gives you insight into founder culture . One of the most interesting ( and unexpected ) aspects of being in Y Combinator is that we got to see so many other founders working on their startups . Entrepreneurship can be a lonely endeavor and it 's nice to have some perspective on how other founders manage ups and downs while executing at very high levels . The early days of the startup are the most interesting and unlike anything that comes afterward . In their words :
`` This is what productivity looks like . This is the Formula 1 racecar . It looks weird but it goes fast . ''
___
Those are my 6 . Would love to hear in the comments what other books you recommend .
Jeb Bush , pointing to the Supreme Court oral arguments on same-sex marriage this week , repeated the false claim by Justice Scalia that if marriage equality becomes the law of the land , pastors will be forced to marry same-sex couples . They also made clear they support discrimination against LGBT people by people of faith .
On Tuesday at the Supreme Court , despite all evidence to the contrary - including the First Amendment - Justice Antonin Scalia insisted that if the court finds a right for same-sex couples to marry , pastor , priests , ministers , and other clergy will be forced under law to marry same-sex couples .
The idea is preposterous on its face , as attorney for the same-sex couples , Mary Bonauto elegantly noted .
`` Your Honor , of course the Constitution will continue to apply , and right to this day , no clergy is forced to marry any couple that they do n't want to marry , '' reminded the 79-year old jurist . `` We have those protections . ''
On Thursday at a forum hosted by the National Review , likely 2016 presidential candidate Jeb Bush fear-mongered off Scalia 's false claim , responding to a question on religious freedom .
LOOK : Jeb Bush Announces He 's A Fan Of White Nationalist Author 's Books
National Review editor Rich Lowry brought up the battle and firestorm created by Indiana Republican governor Mike Pence , when they signed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act into law last month .
Bush had actually been among the first to defend Pence 's signing of the discriminatory law - saying Americans just did n't know `` the facts '' about the bill - and was embarrassingly forced to flip-flop when Pence , under fire , called for a bill stating the RFRA could not be used as a tool to discriminate .
`` You seemed to suggest , '' Lowry said , that the Indiana law `` needed to be fixed . What was wrong with it ? , '' they asked .
Bush denied the suggestion .
`` No , I did n't say that , '' Bush insisted , although they essentially did . `` I supported Pence . I think they needed to create clarity the law was not an attempt to discriminate against people , it was an effort to provide some space for people to act on their religious conscience . ''
Bush then brought up Scalia 's remarks at the Supreme Court on Tuesday .
`` I read some of the transcript , and the solicitor general in defense of the government 's position , when , I guess it was Scalia or someone asked about this question of 'Well , does that mean that the church or other religious institutions are discriminating if they do n't want to participate ? ' '' Bush offered . `` And they said , 'That 's not what 's in front of you today . ' Now maybe I 'm misinterpreting that remark , but my interpretation of that was , 'Well , that might be in front of you tomorrow . ' And that 's where I think we need to focus . ''
As Chris Johnson at the Washington Blade notes , `` Bush 's account of the exchange is faulty . Scalia indeed expressed concerns during oral arguments that ministers may be forced to conduct same-sex weddings , but the attorney before the bench at the time was Mary Bonauto , civil rights director for Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , who gave assurance no clergy would be forced to participate in a same-sex wedding . ''
Bush then said , `` we need to get to a place where government 's not going to discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation , and at the same time , make sure there is ample space for people not just to have a religious view , or just to be religious , but to actually act on their religious view . ''
In other words , Bush is saying they do not support discrimination against LGBT people by the government , but totally supports discrimination against LGBT people by people of faith .
At that same forum Thursday , Bush announced he 's a fan of books authored by a social scientist the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as a `` white nationalist , '' and whose most famous book has been denounced as `` racial pornography . ''
Here 's Bush talking about Scalia and ministers being forced to perform same-sex marriages :
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hsCetQ1bRG4
Image by Gage Skidmore via Flickr and a CC license
Hat tip : Washington Blade
See a mistake ? Email corrections to : [ email protected ]
Written off as a brain-damaged child because of their autism , Temple Grandin 's remarkable way of looking at the world has brought their huge success as both an animal behaviour expert and a parenting guru . Now their life has been turned into an inspiring film
Temple on their ranch in Colorado
It is a bright but bitingly cold winter 's day in Vicksburg , rural Mississippi , deep in the heart of cattle country . In a vast conference centre beside the state 's eponymous river , Dr Temple Grandin , America 's foremost animal behaviour expert – and best-known autistic woman – is receiving a standing ovation . The 500-strong audience of psychologists , teachers , social workers and parents , gathered today for a conference about autism and Asperger 's syndrome , is on its feet to applaud the achievements of 63-year-old Temple , who has not merely overcome their autism , but used their skills to change the face of the meat industry in America . And while you may not be familiar with Temple or their work , a new TV film , starring Claire Danes in a Golden Globe-winning role as the young Temple , means you soon will be .
Today , Temple is sporting the rather masculine cowgirl style they favour – dark grey jeans and an embroidered grey shirt with a red silk neckerchief and a cow-shaped belt buckle . They are tall , slim and healthy-looking , their face make-up free . Them intensively researched lecture on helping the development of autistic children is delivered with charisma and humour , although their unusual speech pattern is somewhat staccato . But what is most remarkable , given their on-stage confidence , is the diagnosis they were given , aged three , that they were unlikely ever to speak at all .
Temple was born in Boston , Massachusetts in 1947 , the eldest of four siblings , and displayed many of what are now recognised as the classic early symptoms of autism – they hated to be touched , would dissolve into temper tantrums , and was , for the large part , silent . ‘ When I was very young , I had no speech , attention span or eye contact at all , ' they explain . ‘ I would just hum to myself and dribble sand through my hands . ' At the time , autistic children were often incorrectly diagnosed as developmentally disabled , and in Temple 's case , the expert opinion was that they were brain-damaged and should be confined to an institution to receive long-term care .
With Claire Danes at the film 's launch
In the HBO-made film , which will premiere on UK television next Sunday , Temple 's mother Eustacia , played by Julia Ormond , is portrayed as a single parent , campaigning to have their daughter 's condition better understood . Eustacia did , in fact , have a husband , Richard , a real estate agent , but they did not support their struggle on Temple 's behalf . ‘ My father was one of the main people who wanted to put me in an institution , ' Temple says matter-of-factly .
But Eustacia , who had married young and was two years into an English degree at Harvard when they became pregnant with Temple ( she later returned to college to finish their course ) , was determined , sending their daughter to speech therapy and hiring a nanny to spend long hours each day playing games with them ‘ Lots of early one-on-one time is essential for children with autism , ' Temple says . ‘ It stopped me from retreating into a corner of isolation and kept my brain turned in to the world . ' Them condition was not recognised as autism until later in life , but the formidable Eustacia felt sure that , with enough interaction , Temple could be trained to learn ‘ normal ' behaviours .
‘ My father was one of those who wanted to put me in an institution '
Temple also credits their traditional 1950s upbringing with drumming essential social skills into them ‘ I was taught real manners , ' they say , suddenly rolling their cutlery out of its napkin and flinging it across the table . ‘ At five years old , I would leave it all like that , ' they say , motioning to the scattered silverware , ‘ but mother would just say : “ Put your napkin in your lap ” . Then they would say : “ Put your knife and fork like this ” , ' they continue , straightening the items back into their correct spots . ‘ Eventually , I would learn . ' This is a point they reiterate in their autism lectures time and again . ‘ I think today 's kids get coddled too much . You should n't push autistic children too far , or it can cause sensory overload , which can bring on panic attacks , but if you do n't push them a little , there 's not going to be any advancement . '
The Grandin family had sufficient funds to send Temple to private schools which gave them more individual attention than they would have received in the state system . However , ‘ School was still really unpleasant for me , ' says Temple , without self-pity . ‘ I was teased all the time . The only places I was n't teased were in riding class , the science lab and in model rocket group [ the after-school hobby club set up to build model rockets , in which the technically minded Temple thrived ] . ' Friendships were hard-won for the teenage Temple , a nervous and awkward outsider . ‘ The friendships I did build were through these shared experiences , geeking out with others who were interested in the same things , ' they say , their brain more interested , as they put it , in ‘ doing ' than ‘ feeling ' .
Temple and their mother at last year 's Emmy Awards party ; with their horse
There 's no doubt Temple is uncommonly intelligent . ‘ I think in pictures , ' is how Temple themselves defines their special way of seeing the world . ‘ My mind is like Google Images . ' And they are n't exaggerating : Nancy Minshew , a professor of psychiatry and neurology at the University of Pittsburgh , conducted tests on Temple 's brain that showed a ‘ huge trunkline going back into the primary visual cortex ' . This means that like many autistic people , while Temple may lack natural verbal and emotional reactions , they are gifted with the ability to recall and perfectly re-create anything they have seen . Temple says , ‘ Most people do n't think in such photo-realistic pictures . If I asked you to think about a factory , most people get a vague sort of idea in their head , whereas I see specific ones . ' This means that Temple can visualise highly detailed systems in their mind , and translate them into complex designs .
When Temple was 14 , their parents divorced and their mother remarried . Temple and Eustacia had little to do with their father after that and they died in the mid-1990s , they tell me without emotion , but they got on ‘ just fine ' with their stepfather , they say . Since Temple adored horses , Eustacia believed they would benefit from spending time at their new sister-in-law 's ranch in Arizona . The notion of such a trip was enormously stressful for the young Temple . ‘ I was terrified of new places , people , everything , ' they say . ‘ Fear is the overriding emotion in autism . Loud noises , including bells , would trigger awful panic attacks for me . '
‘ It was important to see what the cattle could see , so I could address what made them anxious '
As it happened , the ranch was to be a turning point for Temple . Not only did they thrive on looking after their aunt 's horses , but they also began to feel a special bond with the cattle , in whose company they felt more peaceful than they did with people . They discovered that the cattle were , like her , similarly unsettled by unexpected sounds and motions , but that pressure , from the squeeze chute they passed through on their way to be vaccinated , would calm them down . Fascinated by the chute , Temple persuaded their aunt to allow them to try it out herself . The result was a dramatic soothing of Temple 's nerves – without the uncomfortable human contact of a hug . The scientifically minded Temple set about constructing their own makeshift ‘ squeeze machine ' . They would clamber inside and , lying on their front in its cannon-sized chamber , would pull a cord that applied pressure from panels on either side , calming their over-active nervous system .
High school may have been hard , but Temple persisted and a degree in psychology at Franklin Pierce University in New Hampshire followed . ‘ Living in a shared room in a dorm was the hardest part , ' they say . ‘ The movie shows my squeeze machine being thrown away because my room-mate objected to it . It was actually put in storage but there were plenty of people who did n't like it . '
In graduate school at Arizona State University , Temple finally found their voice , researching animal behaviour and working in the feed yards of the livestock industry as part of their postgraduate research . They began to sense that – like their – cattle and other animals relied on visual clues to navigate their world . ‘ Animals are sensory thinkers . They think in pictures too , in smells and in sounds . '
Temple 's affinity with cattle meant they tried to see things from their perspective – literally . ‘ Out on the feed yards in Arizona , I got down in the chutes to see what the cattle were seeing , ' they recall . ‘ I remember the cattle were afraid of a puddle , a chain hanging down , a person walking by . It was important to see what the cattle see , so
I could address what made them anxious . ' With their unique perspective , Temple started to write highly rated articles for livestock magazines .
Claire Danes playing Temple in the film
The cattle industry of the Midwest in the 1970s , however , was not an easy place for a young woman to succeed . They faced extreme sexism and bullying , and on one occasion , their car was covered in bloody bull 's testicles . ‘ Lots of the cowboys wanted me off the site because they said their wives did n't like me being there , ' they say . ‘ But because of my autism , I did n't pick up on that social stuff . I did n't notice their dislike of me , I just wanted to work on the squeeze chute . So long as I could do that , I was happy . '
Temple began to design what they could already see in their mind – better ways of channelling cattle through to disinfectant vats and for vaccinations without them becoming alarmed . Next , they turned their attention to slaughterhouses , designing more humane systems of slaughtering cattle . Incredibly , today , more than half the cattle in the US and Canada are handled in facilities designed by Temple . They also have the ear of big business , working as a consultant for McDonald 's , designing and implementing their animal welfare programmes .
Somehow , between transforming America 's livestock industry , becoming a spokesperson for autism and teaching PhD students at Colorado State University , Dr Temple Grandin has also written ten books , on both animal and human behaviour . Them countrywide schedule of lectures – on cattle , as well as autism – is punishing . They are gracious to the long line of parents who seek them out at the conference to sign copies of their book , giving each one specific nuggets of advice . One mother tells them that they make their autistic son take out the rubbish each day , to give them a responsible role within the family . ‘ Get them to walk the neighbour 's dog so they have to interact with other people outside of your family , ' Temple advises .
To observe their dealing so calmly with what could be an overwhelming situation for anyone , let alone someone with autism , is impressive . They credit prescription drugs with helping them manage panic attacks these days . ‘ The anxiety has worsened as I 've got older , ' they say , ‘ but a little dab of Prozac has worked wonders for me . '
They still find it easiest to form friendships through shared experiences , they say . ‘ Some of the best friends I 've ever made have been guys I 've worked with on construction sites . ' But sexual relationships do not figure highly on their list of interests . ‘ I 'm a total geek , and I 'm celibate , ' they say simply .
Temple , who lives modestly and alone in Colorado , is still close to their three younger siblings and to Eustacia , who , now 83 and living in New York , is still going strong . And they acknowledge that , without their mother 's persistence , their fate might have been very different . ‘ Mother could see I was progressing , so they always kept pushing me forward , ' they say . ‘ Julia Ormond gave mother their Emmy award [ for best supporting actor ] , and mother keeps it on their desk , ' they tell me , conspiratorially . ‘ The two of them have become quite good friends . '
Temple is delighted with the on-screen story of their life . ‘ I thought the film came out just great – I really did , ' they say , with pride . ‘ Claire is such a great actor and , on film , they really are me as a teenager . I gave them a bunch of ancient videos of me , and they had an iPod which they recorded my voice on . ' The resulting likeness to Temple 's own speech patterns and even their walk is incredible .
When Danes won the Golden Globe award in January this year , they dedicated it to Temple , who was in the audience , being hugged by the director , Mick Jackson . It was a twofold achievement , marking Temple 's own increased comfort with human contact as much as the film 's success . These days , they no longer has to rely on their beloved squeeze machine to provide calming pressure . ‘ It broke two years ago , and I have n't got round to fixing it , ' they admit . ‘ But I 'm more into hugging people these days anyway . '
Temple Grandin will be shown on Sky Atlantic HD and Sky Atlantic at 9pm next Sunday
Following on their success bringing The Legend of Zelda : Hyrule Historia to English readers , Dark Horse is working with Nintendo again to produce a new hardcover book celebrating the epic imagery from gaming 's golden goose .
Described as “ the first in a new line of The Legend of Zelda literature , ” The Legend of Zelda : Art & Artifacts will comprise more than 400 pages of rare and familiar promotional illustrations , exclusive interviews with game designers and early pixel art — plus an early look at artwork from Breath of the Wild , the next installment in the series . ( Not too early , mind you — the new game was set for a March 2017 release alongside Nintendo 's newest hardware , and Dark Horse plans to release Art & Artifacts on Feb. 21 , 2017 . )
The book 's Japanese counterpart , Hyrule Graphics , is due for release Friday .
The Legend of Zelda : Art & Artifacts is available for preorder now from Amazon . In addition to the cover , Dark Horse sent us some preview pages to share :
The Legend of Zelda : Art & Artifacts The Legend of Zelda : Art & Artifacts The Legend of Zelda : Art & Artifacts
Only about a quarter of Americans believe that President Trump will “ definitely '' complete their first term as president , according to a new poll released Monday .
The poll , done by USA Today and iMediaEthics , found that 27 percent of adults think Trump “ definitely will complete ” their four-year term , while 30 percent think they “ probably will . ”
The results found that 23 percent of Americans think Trump “ probably wo n't ” finish their term , while 13 percent believe they “ definitely wo n't ” complete it . Seven percent said they were unsure .
The group that thinks Trump will not serve a full four years includes 1 in 10 Republicans .
ADVERTISEMENT
More than half , 51 percent , of those polled ares dissatisfied with the way Trump is doing their job , compared with 44 percent who approve .
The poll also found that Americans are split on whether they believe Trump should be impeached , with respondents for and against impeachment both at 42 percent .
Nearly 70 percent of Democrats say Trump should be impeached , as do 36 percent of independents and 15 percent of Republicans .
Two weeks ago , Rep. Brad Sherman ( D-Calif. ) formally introduced an article to impeach Trump over the objections of Democratic leaders , but Sherman admitted that there is little chance the bill will pass through a Republican-controlled Congress .
Several other Democrats have also called for Trump 's impeachment in the six months since they became president , but the party 's congressional leaders have called such talk premature .
The survey was done online and included 1,330 adults who responded between July 17 and 19 . There was a margin of error of 2.8 percentage points .
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Arsene Wenger admitted they may have made a mistake last season by allowing the debate over their future as Arsenal manager to get out of hand .
The Frenchman rarely faced a press conference in which their future was not a matter for debate as they prevaricated over whether to sign the two-year contract extension that had long been on the table .
Speculation over their intentions reached its peak as Arsenal endured their worst run of form of their reign between the end of January and early April , a run of five defeats in eight league games that left the Gunners with an irretrievable gap to the Champions League places .
Having insisted throughout the run that the debate over whether they would extend their expiring contract was irrelevant to Arsenal 's performances Wenger said after a 3-1 win over Everton on the final day that doubts over their future had contributed to an `` absolutely horrendous '' psychological environment .
With a new two-year deal to their name Wenger is convinced that those problems will not be apparent in the coming months .
`` For me it will be a change because [ the question over my future ] was a bit eternal , a repetition of the press conferences about that , '' Wenger said . `` Maybe I made a mistake and allowed that to happen because I did n't commit early enough .
`` I think at some stage I did not think it would be a handicap for my commitment and it was not . But it was a bit of a handicap because it created a climate of insecurity and a lack of clarity about my person that maybe did not help at some stage .
`` I believe everyone is focused on the new season and giving absolutely the best , so overall that is what we want as we go into it . ''
So disastrous was Arsenal 's run of form in the early months of 2017 that chief executive Ivan Gazidis joked they had left three months off a video recapping the club 's season at a supporters ' meeting last month .
Arsenal turned it around in the final weeks of the campaign and though it was not enough to secure a top four finish they did spoil Chelsea 's Double dreams with a win in the FA Cup Final .
Wenger added : `` We basically had three seasons last year : the first part was very positive , the second part was very negative , and the third part was very positive .
`` I believe it is important that we analyse well what happened to us , and where we can improve - and then transfer the optimistic final part of the season into the new campaign and start in a very strong way . ''
A real estate developer with some big-ticket LA properties in its portfolio has run afoul of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
In a lawsuit filed against Woodbridge Group of Companies in federal court last week , the SEC accuses Woodbridge and its founder of running a “ massive ” Ponzi scheme , spending more than $ 328 million of the $ 1.22 billion invested in the company since 2012 to pay back older investors .
The lawsuit claims that Woodbridge 's founder , Sherman Oaks resident Robert H. Shapiro , told investors they would be “ repaid from high rates of interest ” their companies were earning on loans to third-party borrowers . But those borrowers , according to the SEC , were actually limited liability companies that Shapiro owned and operated .
They include Beverly Grove-based Mercer Vine , a luxury real estate firm that has counted the Owlwood estate in Holmby Hills and Marilyn Monroe 's former home in Brentwood among its listings .
The SEC says those limited liability companies , Mercer Vine included , benefitted from the alleged scheme , as Woodbridge and Shapiro funneled investor money into “ their own real estate projects—including buying and renovating celebrity properties , ” according to the Los Angeles Times .
An attorney for Shapiro told the Wall Street Journal that Shapiro “ denies any allegation of wrongdoing and looks forward to their opportunity to defend themselves in a court of law . ”
Once home to Sonny and Cher , Tony Curtis , and the founders of 20th Century Fox and Superior Oil , the Owlwood estate is the highest-profile property in Woodbridge holdings . One of the company 's development firms acquired the storied property for for $ 90 million last year , according to the Times , then relisted it this summer for $ 180 million .
It is still on the market . But The Real Deal , which reported in November that Woodbridge was under investigation by the SEC , says that Woodbridge 's legal trouble could jeopardize a future sale of Owlwood—and the sale of any of the company 's properties , for that matter .
The SEC has ordered the firm to freeze its assets and halt business operations prior to a hearing for the lawsuit .
“ This would effectively prohibit the sale or marketing of the historic property , ” says the Real Deal .
Woodbridge also owns an unbuilt , $ 100-million spec mansion , called Skygarden , in Bel Air . Skygarden was also marketed by Mercer Vine , which “ received proceeds of [ Woodbridge 's ] fraud without any legitimate entitlement to the funds , ” according to the SEC .
The lawsuit also accuses Shapiro of personally misappropriating investor money , allegedly using it on “ luxury automobiles , jewelry , country club memberships , fine wine , and chartering private planes . ”
Toronto
Ontario 's highest court has tossed a judgment that awarded two inmates $ 85,000 and concluded multiple prison lockdowns amounted to cruel and unusual treatment .
But that Ontario Court of Appeal decision has n't derailed a class-action lawsuit that alleges “ deplorable ” conditions , including lockdowns , at Maplehurst Correctional Complex and all other provincial jails have violated inmates ' Charter rights , amounting to cruel and unusual punishment , said lawyer Jonathan Ptak .
Ptak is one of several lawyers representing as many as 300,000 inmates in the lawsuit , which seeks $ 1 billion in general damages and $ 250 million in punitive damages from the province , claiming a breach of fiduciary duty , negligence and a violation of Charter rights for allegedly failing to finance , staff and manage their jails .
“ It 's time we shone a light on these practices , ” said Ptak .
Staff shortages at hospitals or schools do n't deprive patients or students of essential services because management execute viable contingency plans , said Ptak .
Yet , jail-house lockdowns mean that detainees are confined to their cells , deprived of showers and exposed to extremely harsh conditions , said Ptak .
“ These conditions and their severe , detrimental impact on prisoners persist due to the Crown 's negligence and breach of fiduciary duty ” in understaffing these jails , alleged the lawsuit , filed last year . These conditions violate the prisoners ' rights and amount to cruel and unusual punishment , the lawsuit claimed .
The allegations have not been tested in court .
The Court of Appeal last week tossed Justice Douglas Gray 's 2016 judgment which awarded $ 60,000 to Jamil Ogiamien and $ 25,000 to Huy Nguyen , for mistreatment at the maximum-security Maplehurst jail in Milton .
Gray said lockdowns at the prison violated the men 's Charter rights during their two-year stay .
Justice John Laskin concluded that Gray overstated the frequency , duration and impact of the lockdowns on the men .
Ogiamien , 46 , is a Nigerian facing deportation on immigration matters while Nguyen was awaiting trial on firearms charges .
Those lockdown conditions did n't rise to the level of cruel and unusual punishment , stated Laskin .
While the lockdown treatment “ added to the hardships they experienced at Maplehurst … it ( did n't meet ) … the high bar of being grossly disproportionate or so excessive as to outrage standards of decency , ” wrote Laskin .
spazzano @ postmedia.com
The Trump administration is so far resisting calls to crack down on the United Arab Emirates and Qatar for funneling more than $ 50 billion in subsidies into their state-run airlines , but more aggressive penalties could be imposed further down the line , according to sources familiar with the discussions .
State Department officials met with U.S. airline representatives , industry stakeholders and union leaders on Tuesday morning to discuss the United States ' international Open Skies agreements with the United Arab Emirates and Qatar , which enables them to fly to the U.S .
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has been facing growing pressure from the major U.S. airlines to freeze the Gulf carrier routes because Qatar Airways , Etihad Airways and Emirates receive massive foreign subsidizes from their governments . U.S. carriers argue those subsidies have created unfair competition and threaten U.S. jobs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sources familiar with the discussions said the Trump administration has declined to formally rework its international aviation agreements with the Persian Gulf nations — at least for now .
Instead of entering into “ formal consultations , ” which would reopen the Open Skies agreements , the administration said it will continue informal discussions with the two countries — a similar strategy used by the Obama administration .
The State Department did not return a request for comment .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws their name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration 's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE , who has been hearing from both sides of the debate since this summer and has been actively engaged on the issue , will meet with Qatar 's foreign minster over the topic this week , said one source .
The administration will try to urge Qatar and the UAE to phase out their subsidies and use commercial financing terms when they grant loans to their own airlines , among other things .
But if the two nations are not willing to “ play ball ” by a certain deadline , they may see more aggressive actions from the administration in the future , such as pulling the plug on their aviation agreements or having their flights frozen , according to one source .
Critics of the Gulf air carriers say they do n't care whether discussions are carried out formally or informally , as long as the administration continues them .
“ We applaud the Trump administration for taking action to level the playing field with the Gulf carriers and their massive government subsidies , ” said Jill Zuckman , spokesperson for the Partnership for Open and Fair Skies , which represents Delta Air Lines , American Airlines and United Airlines .
“ Their activities are harming American jobs and the U.S. aviation industry and we appreciate that the administration is acting to resolve these issues with the governments of the UAE and Qatar . ”
But supporters of keeping the current aviation agreements intact have called Tuesday 's meeting a major victory . They have long argued that the new routes have given flyers more choices , driven down prices and encouraged more air travel .
One source briefed on Tuesday 's discussion said the airlines were unable to prove that any harm had been caused by the Gulf routes .
`` Anyone who supports U.S. jobs and a strong U.S. economy should be very pleased by the administration 's decision to preserve existing Open Skies agreements , ” said Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association .
`` The Big Three U.S. airlines ' core demand—that the administration freeze flights by airlines flagged in Qatar and the UAE , and renegotiate U.S. Open Skies agreements with those countries—was , thankfully , set aside because their arguments fell well short of the mark . ''
About
The Retronix R-800 is the new offering from J. Backlund Design Guitars . It will be available in Tremolo , Hard-Tail and Bass models .
Here is what the world is saying about our guitars ...
J. Backlund Designs JBD100 : The Guitar That Robots Play In Flying Cars And Arcologies . http : //www.gearwire.com/jbacklunddesigns-snamm.html
Retronix R-800b Bass Prototype
I was FLOORED by the looks of these things ! http : //forum.gibson.com/index.php ? /topic/56780-did-you-ever-see-a-guitar/
Retronix R-800 Prototype
... if widely spread , these guitars could change the course of guitar design and take it off its current track of dullness and easiness . http : //guitarz.blogspot.com/2009/10/john-backlund-design.html
You do n't have to know diddly squat about playing the guitar to recognize how awesome these designs are . http : //inventorspot.com/articles/retrofuturistic_guitars_22908
To simply say that J. Backlund Design Guitars “ ups the Wow Factor ” another notch is a gross understatement . These guitars blow the “ Wow Factor ” off the charts . http : //www.bluesboulevard.org/ ? p=107
Talk about retro-modern mojo ! The JDB-100 shown to the left just oozes that ! What a gorgeous guitar ... http : //guitargear.org/2009/03/24/gear-find-j-backlund-designs-guitars-jbd-100/
Hello KickStarter – We are the makers of J. Backlund Design Guitars .
You have seen our guitars on stage being played by artists like Joe Walsh , Mark Slaughter and Mark Wills .
Mark Slaughter at Sweden Rock Festival in Sölvesborg . Photo by Monica Lindström .
You have also seen our guitars in the national video for “ Looking for America , ” by Mark Wills on CMT and Pure Country .
In addition to working with established artists , we take great pride in working with future stars of the industry . We have recently added the Van Lears to our artist roster .
The Van Lears - J. Backlund artists
Good in This World - The Van Lears
Pretty Girl - The Van Lears
Summer of Us - The Van Lears
`` Bruce Bennett is one heck of a Luthier and the team at Backlund are all great guys . '' Trey Bently - the Van Lears . http : //www.tdpri.com/forum/bad-dog-cafe/308180-j-backlund-guitars.html
Our instruments have been awarded the Best in Show at the 2010 Newport Guitar Show and used in advertisements for the 2010 Montreal Guitar Show , which is an invitation only exhibition for the top luthiers in the world . Our JBD-400 is currently featured on the cover of the 13th edition of the Blue Book of Electric Guitars .
Our story began several years ago when Bruce contacted our designer John Backlund after seeing the “ artwork ” , which John posted on Harmony Central . Once they realized that Bruce was not another person hounding them to buy a guitar , but someone who could help them bring their vision to the world they began to talk and the first generation of the team was born .
Bruce has worked with several guitar companies , such as Gibson , Steinberger , Tobias and Warrior . They have also spent many years as a working musician . Bruce has utilized their experience , both as a luthier and a working musician , as well as their incredible vision to develop the most uniquely beautiful , yet playable line of instruments to be introduced to the music industry in decades . Author , Robert Shaw in the book Electrified : The Art of the Contemporary Electric Guitar , recently recognized this accomplishment , where they listed Bruce as one of the top 125 luthiers in the world .
Electrified : the Art of the Contemporary Electric Guitar by Robert Shaw
Zebra wood JBD-100 in root beer burst
Since those early days , the response to our guitars has been overwhelmingly positive . However , we hear over and over again that our designs are cool ; people simply ca n't afford them . Our custom , hand made guitars range from $ 3500 to $ 7000 . Some one-off models are even more . They are truly playable works of art . So , with your help and the through the magic of Kickstarter , we are going to make our guitars more accessible to working musicians and the musical world under the Retronix brand name .
For the last three years we have been diligently working on research and development and making our designs more repeatable and less costly to produce . However , it just not possible for us to produce the hand-made US products at a price point where we can compete with the import products . In order to bring these instruments to you at the suggested price points , we will have to outsource our manufacturing . Fortunately , during this development time we have made several industry connections that will make this process doable . We are in the unique position of having sourcing relationships with Korean manufacturers that produce many of the high quality instruments for brand names that you have know for years . All of our prototypes and programming has been completed and we are ready for production . This is where you come in . We are asking for $ 75,000 for manufacturing ramp up and production of the first run of Retronix guitars . We will have eight color choices and bass and six string models will be available . For the six-string model , you will also be able to choose between hard tail and tremolo models . Retail prices for these guitars will be between $ 1000 and $ 1250 , depending on color and options . But , for the next 60 days we will be selling them to the Kickstarter community for significantly less than that , in order to generate enough orders to meet our initial minimum production requirements . Over on the right side of the page , you will see several packages . There are pledge levels for everyone that include : guitar picks , t-shirts , prints , and guitars , as well as actual one of a kind original artwork by John Backlund himself . Thanks to John , we already have several designs to launch and there are more to come .
This Kickstarter project is our first attempt at bringing an affordable model to the players . Visit our website to see some of our other great designs . Please pledge generously and help us bring the art of John Backlund and the vision of Bruce Bennett to the rest of the world . Be a part of history . Your pledges will help change the guitar world forever .
Design for John 's art pledge levels # 1 and # 3
Design for John 's art pledge levels # 2 and # 4
Artist renditions ( by : John Backlund ) of potential color options .
Current planned color options are - Black , White , Red , Sea Foam Green , Pink , Butter Yellow , Light Blue and Natural Satin . Colors and options are subject to change depending on requests and feedback received !
Mahogany JBD-800 - One of a kind $ 7500 pledge level
JBD-800 Mahogany
National Punctuation Day is a celebration of punctuation that occurs each year on September 24 in the United States of America . [ 1 ] Founded by Jeff Rubin in 2004 , National Punctuation Day simply promotes the correct usage of punctuation . Rubin encourages appreciators of correct punctuation and spelling to send in pictures of errors spotted in everyday life . [ 2 ]
Attention generated [ edit ]
National Punctuation Day has been recognized nationally in the US media and in celebrations by people of all ages . A few of these notable events are listed below :
FontFeed credits National Punctuation Day with the revival of the interrobang . [ 3 ]
StudioSTL of St. Louis , MO , promotes National Punctuation Day by holding an annual happy-hour fundraiser . The event raises money for their free writing programs and raises awareness for the value of correct punctuation . [ 4 ]
Auburn Elementary School of Auburn , MI , [ 5 ] celebrates National Punctuation Day annually .
celebrates National Punctuation Day annually . CBS 's Live with Regis & Kelly mentioned National Punctuation Day on their morning television show on September 24 , 2008 . [ 6 ]
mentioned National Punctuation Day on their morning television show on September 24 , 2008 . Scribblenauts Unmasked , a puzzle game about writing , was released this day in Europe ( PC version only ) and North America .
I 've been here over a week and have hardly had time to even think about blogging . It turns out that getting my class , `` Confucianism in America , '' up and running has been a lot more time-consuming than I realized . The central challenge is adapting my methods and expectations to this particular context .
My students , all Chinese , are bright and hardworking . Their English is good . But almost all of them are undergraduates ; only one graduate student . Indeed , 26 of the 30 students have just finished their first year in college . Some of the readings I had originally selected would be difficult for junior and senior American students operating in their first language . So , I had to scramble to cut back on some readings and find some new ones so as not to overwhelm them .
Another challenge is the time intensity . I teach double sessions , 8:00-9:30 , 10:00-11:30 on Monday and Wednesday mornings . I 've never done such schedule and I did not really think it through . I 've had to rethink readings and topics and classroom time in light of this . I think I have it worked out now .
This week we read English translations of The Analects and Mencius . The students are obviously familiar with these thinkers . They have read selections from these texts . But most of them have not read the texts in their entirety , have not worked with the ideas in English , nor thought systematically about how ideas from these texts might relate to other philosophic or political concepts ( universality , deontolgy , consequentialism , legitimate authority , etc. ) . We spent three hours on each text , reading passages , talking about them . I went in with a list of ideas to work on , but on neither day did I get through them all . As is the case with all my teaching I followed along where their questions and comments pointed . We ranged about , hit upon some interesting comparisons , and generally had a good time .
I 'm not sure what they think of it yet . Some are very engaged , eyes bright , reacting to my attempts at humor , asking good questions , making apt points . Others seem a bit detached , processing perhaps , and trying to figure out just what I am saying and doing . It could seem a bit strange : a foreigner talking to them about how their ancient culture is understood ( they might think misunderstood ) by Americans . Is an `` American Confucianism '' still Confucianism ?
I have instituted `` question time '' at the start of class , when they can ask me any question at all about America . Today a young woman asked : why would Americans ever be interested in Confucianism , since the strong tradition and culture of individualism in the US seems so contrary to the more collectivist ethic of Confucianism ? Great question . I responded ( and I 'm still thinking about this ) that even though individualism is deeply rooted in American identity , it is all that there is to that identity . Notions of `` public service '' and `` civic mindedness '' ( Tocqueville comes to mind ... ) and a willingness to volunteer to help others with no expectation of personal reward are also important parts of the story .
On Monday , another asked if Americans still held to the `` American Dream . '' I imagine that the question was prompted by the current rhetoric here on the `` China Dream . '' But I told them that , for the most part , we do n't talk much or explicitly about the `` American Dream '' these days . It was more a symbol of the early post-WWII era . The 1960s injected a more critical element into the national discourse . Maybe I 'm wrong about that ( this piece , which I found after class , suggests otherwise ) , but I do n't really think about it myself . The world seems so differnent now than the 1950s , the possibilities for mobility narrowed and transformed by globalization .
What 's starting to happen is that they are making me think about my culture and society as I make them think about an element of their ancient culture in a new context . For them it is a question of whether Confucianism in America is still Confucianism ; for me it 's a question of whether Confucianim in America can be American . We 'll probably meet somewhere in the middle .
It 's going to be a great July !
Confucius Statue on Renda campus
Once Upon a Time S05E08 / S05E09 : `` Birth '' / `` The Bear King ''
Between `` Birth '' and `` The Bear King , '' it felt like Once Upon a Time wanted to do a two-hour episode but decided to do all the A-story in the first hour and all the B-story in the second hour . So `` Birth '' was like `` All Your Faves Stall Explaining Important Stuff to the Very End of the Episode '' and `` The Bear King '' was like `` Unimportant Tertiary Characters And Ruby Have An Episode Together . '' Also , OUAT finally—proudly—brought a lesbian romance to the forefront and yes I am talking about the well scene .
I mean , come ON . Why else would Charm and Snow interrupt Regina that hard ? Why else would Emma jump head-first into living with a man who wears eight high school class rings at a time unless they were trying to run away from the realest love she 's ever known ? Look , we all know I 'm biased but COME ON .
Also , did n't Charm seem , like , way too burnt when they found out Arthur had lied to him ?
Yeah , the episode began with everyone hunting down Arthur in their giant tent with their camping chairs covered with lamb pelts and demanding to know why they burned the Red Cap Mushroom , and also where was Merlin ? Arthur was like WHOOPS got ta go . And Hook chased them down but Arthur quickly got the better of them and was about to kill Hook but then Emma showed up with Exaclibur and was like NOPE .
After Emma saved him , Hook picked themselves up off the ground and started screaming . Just screaming and screaming and screaming . `` You saved me ? ! But are n't you the Dark One ? ! Okay , maybe you are n't totes evil after all ! In which case I must really seem like an asshole given how I 've treated you ! But maybe I like you even if you are all-powerful ! But what happened man ? ! Why are you still the Dark One ? ! Why are we all not rememberrring how that went dooown ! ! ! '' There was so much screaming . And then Emma screamed back , `` You want to know why I 'm the Dark One ? ! It 's all because of you ! '' Just yells echoing through the trees . The hundreds of people who are sleeping in Storybrooke 's woods these days must not get much sleep because of A ) the bitter cold , and B ) Hook shrieking and shrieking .
Hilariously , Regina was not buying that Emma did any of this for Hook 's benefit .
Them reaction to their claims made me laugh so hard . Regina was like , `` No , this is not about you , Hook . Get over yourself . They said that ? Well , that was n't Emma talking , that was the Dark One manipulating you with my lies . No way this is all about you because real talk : it 's all about them and me . I 'm sorry . Watch how their parents tail my ass this whole episode every time they get close to telling the truth . They know what 's up . ''
Then Hook decided to throw themselves off a roof to summon Emma .
Unfortunately it worked , so we all had to sit through a speech about how every ring on their fingers represented a person they killed for almost no reason at all . Hook was like , `` I wo n't judge you the way I did several times before . I will love you no matter what you 've done ( now that you ' v saved my life ) because I have done things that are much , much worse than spraying my whole head white and talking in a affect-free monotone . I killed a guy for drinking wine , Emma . Do you realize the kind of maniac you have to be to kill a guy for drinking wine ? '' and Emma was like , `` For real ? Okay , then I 'll tell you . But actually I have to show you . Not here , in the house . Not this room . Find the room . Look around . Scavenger hunt it out boo . I spy with my little eye a telescope . Look through that spyglass and let 's talk about the ocean. `` CLASSIC SUSPENSE : telling your audience you are about to tell them something for seven or eight solid minutes and then never telling them .
Next : To Camelot !
Image copyright EPA Image caption The number of people killed in protest-related violence has risen to at least 67
The chief prosecutor 's office in Venezuela has ordered an investigation into the death of Neomar Lander , 17 , who was killed during an anti-government protest in Caracas .
There are conflicting versions about how they died .
Witnesses said they died after being hit in the chest by a tear-gas canister fired by the police .
But rights ombudsman William Tarek Saab said the youth was killed by a `` homemade explosive '' .
Footage taken by people in nearby buildings shows the teenager lying bloodied on the street .
Video taken by protesters shows first aid workers trying and failing to revive him .
Conflicting statistics
Mr Saab tweeted [ in Spanish ] that the post-mortem examination had revealed that Neomar Lander 's `` terrible death was not caused by a tear-gas canister '' .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Police and protesters clashed again on Wednesday in Caracas
Image copyright EPA Image caption Protesters set a lorry alight
Their comments were dismissed by opposition politicians who say that Mr Saab is loyal to President Nicolás Maduro and fails to act independently .
They also questioned why Mr Saab was commenting on the case , which is being handled by the chief prosecutor 's office and not Mr Saab 's office .
Mr Saab said Neomar Lander had `` two broken ribs , an exploded left lung with internal bleeding and a burn on their forearm caused by a homemade explosive '' .
According to figures supplied by the chief prosecutor 's office , 67 people have been killed in protest-related violence since a wave of anti-government demonstrations started on 1 April .
The ministry of communication puts the number of those killed since 1 April at more than 80 .
Many of them are still under investigation and reports about how they died and who was responsible vary , with the government in many cases blaming the opposition and vice versa .
The case of 20-year-old basketball player Juan Pablo Pernalete gained particular prominence after Venezuela 's chief prosecutor , Luisa Ortega , directly contradicted the version given by various government ministers about their death .
Ms Ortega said the student had been killed by a tear-gas canister fired by the National Guard and not , as Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez and Information Minister Ernesto Villegas had said , by a bolt gun fired by anti-government protesters .
They have since been labelled `` a traitor '' by the vice-president of the governing socialist PSUV party , Diosdado Cabello .
Lee Hernandez of New Braunfels , Texas , has asked that people reach out by texting or calling him . ( Photo : Arizona Veterans Forum )
People from around the world answered the call for help .
In doing so , they brightened the day of a dying Army veteran who wanted nothing more than to hear from us .
The simple act of sending a text message meant the world to Lee Hernandez , who served the country for 18 ½ years .
The 47-year-old is under hospice care in New Braunfels , Texas . Their dying wish was to receive text messages and phone calls from anybody willing to talk to him .
Their wish was granted thousands and thousands and thousands of times over .
`` Had one of the best days in a long time and even danced ! This is huge , '' they said on a GoFundMe page set up Sunday for Lee .
Outpouring of love
Text message sent to Lee from Arizona ( Photo : Arizona Veterans Forum )
Lee 's wife , Ernestine , who will celebrate their 13th wedding anniversary with them next week , enlisted the help of Caregivers of Wounded Warriors and the Arizona Veteran Forum to spread to word .
In a matter of days , Lee 's inbox was filled with more than 100,000 text messages . The response they got was overwhelming -- probably a little more than expected -- and crashed the Hernandez 's phone , according to the GoFundMe page .
“ The fact that people contacted them and there were people who cared , has really made a dramatic effect on Lee 's mood and spirit and overall health , ” according to the GoFundMe Page , named Support Lee American Hero Campaign .
The page was briefly set up for Lee to “ fill this season of their life with all the joy that we can. ” It was shut down after it quickly met its fundraising goal of $ 3,000 .
Ernestine previously told The Republic that doctors have not been able to pinpoint a cause for Lee 's illness , who suffers from continuous strokes , lose of cognitive abilities and blindness . But , all the love and support has brightened their days .
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news , in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Ernestine shared a video of Lee thanking everyone for uplifting them Friday .
“ I appreciate it all . ”
The money raised will go toward improving their home accessibility , getting a hitch kit to transport their motorized wheelchair and to visiting places on Lee 's bucket list .
`` His medical condition is still very fragile , but they love the support you all are giving him , '' says the GoFundMe page .
Here 's how to help
The viral post that tugged on everyone 's heart strings has helped make Lee 's time easier .
According to the Arizona Veteran 's Forum , Lee “ is getting a service dog , cleaning service and their old platoon that they lost contact with are going to make a trip to see them after many years . ”
Many others who want to send their well-wishes are wondering what they can do to help .
Lee has received so many text messages and calls that they are now requesting emails . Anyone who had a problem reaching Lee can send them an email at blessingsforlee @ gmail.com .
People can also send cards to this address :
Lee Hernandez
PO Box 200265
San Antonio , TX 78220
Follow us on Facebook by “ liking ” our page at facebook.com/azcentral .
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/2uMq9Km
By Bill Maher
As Chairman of the Presidential Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis , Chris Christie has identified the real villain in the opioid crisis : Weed .
No , I 'm not kidding . In a letter submitted along with the commission 's final report , Christie warned that marijuana legalization could make the opioid problem worse . They complained that there 's a “ lack of sophisticated outcome data on dose , potency , and abuse potential for marijuana , ” so the commission urges that we not “ put another drug legally on the market in the midst of an overdose epidemic. ” It 's the old “ gateway drug ” argument , as Ben Carson articulated during the commission 's final meeting , and dragging it out when you should be focusing on opioids has a lot of expert puzzled .
Now the facts . As Dr. Chinazo Cunningham of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine told CNN , “ Research that examines pain and marijuana shows that… marijuana use is associated with less opioid use and less opioid-related deaths. ” In addition , in states where medical marijuana is legal , there are 25 percent fewer opioid deaths than in states without medical marijuana .
And yet , here 's the Trump administration , tossing big pharma money to help develop drugs that fight opioid addiction while inexplicably maintaining we should ban one that actually does .
Each of the schools fell below the mandated cutline of 900 on their four-year scores . The APR measures the classroom performance of every Division I team . This year 's data calculates rates from 2007-08 through 2010-11 .
Joining the Huskies on the sideline next March will be Arkansas-Pine Bluff , California-Riverside , Cal State Bakersfield , Jacksonville State , Mississippi Valley State , North Carolina-Wilmington , Texas A & M-Corpus Christi , Toledo and Towson .
Cal State Bakersfield , which became a full-fledged Division I member in 2010-11 and does not yet have a conference affiliation in basketball , could be removed from the banned list because some of its data is still being evaluated .
`` I think if a ( BCS school ) did n't make it , it would look really bad , '' Ohio University professor David Ridpath said last week . Ridpath is also past president of NCAA watchdog The Drake Group .
All the banned teams , including Connecticut , face additional sanctions of losing a minimum of four hours of practice time per week , which must be replaced by academic activities . The penalties could create an unusual scenario for the seven affected conferences .
Not only will UConn and the other teams be ineligible for NCAA play , but league officials could also rule them ineligible for the individual conference tournaments . If that happens , it could force changes in the tourney pairings .
Big East presidents already have said any team ineligible for the NCAA tourney will not be allowed to compete in conference tournaments , including UConn .
`` We 'll have to adjust the bracket accordingly , '' Big East associate commissioner for men 's basketball Dan Gavitt said Wednesday , noting the Huskies still could win an appeal to the Committee on Academic Performance . `` Until CAP makes that final determination , we 're not going to have any comment . We would n't change the brackets . We would accommodate it in such a way that it would work . We would just have to eliminate a game and move someone up on the line . ''
The Mid-American Conference already has a policy that says teams that receive postseason bans from the NCAA are ineligible for MAC tournaments . But MAC commissioner Jon Steinbrecher does n't think Toledo should be punished because coach Tod Kowalczyk , hired in 2010 , has brought a `` change in culture '' to the Rockets .
`` I am extremely disappointed with the NCAA 's denial of the University of Toledo 's appeal of the men 's basketball post-season ban for the 2012-13 season , '' Steinbrecher said in a statement . `` The Mid-American Conference and member institutions want to be held to the highest academic standards and is fully supportive of tying academic performance to athletic participation , however , Toledo is not an institution that should be punished for doing the right thing .
`` The hiring of a coach committed to academics and the subsequent change in culture brought by that staff to the men 's basketball program at Toledo is highly commendable and should have been a strong mitigating factor in considering whether Toledo is deserving of a post-season ban penalty . Toledo , unfortunately , is an institution that is in the wrong place at the wrong time . The timing of the NCAA to move on these penalties is unprecedented , combined with the mitigation that Toledo presented , it 's an extremely disappointing decision . ''
None of this came as a surprise to Connecticut , which had a four-year score of 889 and lost an appeal to the NCAA for a waiver that would have allowed it to play in next year 's tourney . School officials contend that if the NCAA used the team 's two most recent scores , 826 in 2009-10 and 978 in 2010-11 , UConn 's two-year score would be 902 and argued that school 's self-imposed changes are already producing better academic results .
Connecticut athletic director Warde Manuel said Wednesday the school would continue to fight what it believes was an unfair process , but they do not believe the punishment will be overturned .
`` I hope my colleagues come to the realization that if they change the rules and make this in effect that the NCAA has to change the way it reviews the data , '' Manuel said . `` That 's the only fair thing to do . ''
Manuel said the school was still urging the NCAA to use data from 2011-12 , something they say would make the school eligible . They said the team expects another high score for the season that just ended , though all those numbers are not yet in .
The NCAA 's Committee on Academic Performance is expected to discuss the rule changes at a meeting next month , but Manuel said the school holds out `` little hope '' that anything will change before next year 's tournament .
`` It does n't mean we are going to roll over and just accept it and not talk about it , '' Manuel said .
They said they had not been in contact with any of the other schools facing a postseason ban and is not contemplating legal action .
`` I feel we have to react to this in the process , '' they said . `` And that 's why I 'm so frustrated that the process of the NCAA was accelerated and did n't give us time . But we are a member of the NCAA and we are part of the process , and we will handle it that way . ''
Walter Harrison , the chairperson of the Committee on Academic Performance and the president of the University of Hartford , said their committee will review the process with an eye toward the future .
`` I do not expect us to make any changes retrospectively , '' they said . `` If we make changes -- and I 'm not sure that we will make any -- that would be done prospectively , I believe . And I think there 's very little chance we 're going to change anything . ''
League officials will now have to adapt the new college basketball landscape .
For the second straight year , the SWAC will delay the first 10-team tournament in men 's basketball history . They had two teams banned last year and will return to that traditional eight-team format again next year because Arkansas-Pine Bluff and Mississippi Valley State will be ineligible .
The only other league with multiple teams on the banned list , the Colonial Athletic Association , has not said what it will do .
Four others -- the Big West , Mid-American , Ohio Valley and Southland -- all have one team on the list .
The Ohio Valley issued a statement saying Jacksonville State would be one of the four teams that will not compete in the league tourney , regardless of where it finishes in the standings . Conference officials said Texas A & M Corpus-Christi ( Southland ) and California-Riverside ( Big West ) also will be barred from their conference tourneys . Big West commissioner Dennis Farrell wrote in an e-mail to the AP that each team finishing behind Riverside in the standings will move up one spot in the seeding process .
The penalties could have a significant impact .
`` If there 's one , two , three four different teams in any given conference , it would have a major impact in how the bracket , how the tournament is run , ticket sales , television exposure , '' Gavitt said . `` I think that 's the goal of the presidents -- to make the penalties more impactful , more meaningful . ''
NCAA rules allow each individual conference to determine how to award their automatic bid . In addition to banning ineligible teams from league tournament play , they could give the automatic bid to the regular-season champ or tourney runner-up if an ineligible team won the postseason tourney . Or they could forfeit the bid , which is the unlikeliest scenario .
Only three football teams received postseason bans -- Hampton , North Carolina A & T and Texas Southern . All are members of the Football Championship Subdivision and are considered historically black colleges or universities . The only other teams to get postseason bans were Central Connecticut State in men 's soccer and Northern Colorado in men 's wrestling .
In all , 54 teams fell below the 900 mark with roughly 80 percent ( 43 ) of them coming from what the NCAA defines as limited-resource schools .
`` It 's another cottage industry for between the haves and the have-nots , '' Ridpath said last week .
Despite the penalties , the overall numbers are improving .
The new four-year average of 973 represents a three-point increase over last year 's report , and scores in each of the four most visible sports also went up . Baseball jumped six points to 965 , men 's basketball had a five-point increase to 950 , while women 's basketball ( 970 ) and football ( 948 ) both improved by two points .
Single-year APR averages have increased every year since 2004-05 , the second year data was collected , though only slightly from 2009-10 ( 973.8 ) to 2010-11 ( 974.0 )
The most recent one-year scores for men 's basketball and baseball both decreased from last year 's report . Men 's basketball went from 951.6 to 950.9 , while baseball slipped from 966.6 to 963.9 over the same period . In football and women 's basketball , the one-year numbers both increased slightly in this year 's report .
NCAA president Mark Emmert acknowledged both the good and bad of the report , saying there was room for improvement and that they believe university presidents are firm in their belief that success in the classroom is every bit as important as it is on the playing field .
`` We still have room for improvement , '' they said . `` The NCAA 's overall goal , of course , is to blend academics and athletics . The amount of support among university presidents for these eligibility standards remains extremely strong . ''
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Police across China are rounding up members of a quasi-Christian doomsday cult who have been preaching the end of the world and urging people to launch a “ decisive battle ” to slay the “ big red dragon ” of the Communist Party .
Scores and perhaps hundreds of members of an outlawed cult known as the Church of Almighty God have been detained throughout the country in recent days as Beijing tries to stop believers from taking drastic action on what they believe to be the eve of the apocalypse , according to relatives of cult members and state media reports .
The sect , which preaches the second coming of a female Jesus , appears to have adapted an ancient Mayan prophecy that some people believe predicts the end of the world on Dec. 21 , 2012 , and has been popularized by Hollywood movies such as “ 2012 ” .
“ They are telling everyone that on Friday the sun will rise in the west and then disappear for three days and then there will be 72 days of terrible natural disasters starting from January 1 , 2013 , ” one 24-year-old former cult member whose 50-year-old mother is still an adherent told the Financial Times . They asked not to be named because they feared retribution from the cult , which is also known as Lightning from the East .
“ They 've also told all members to withdraw their money from the bank in preparation for the end of the world , ” they said .
1 of 39 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Images from around the world View Photos Take a look at some of the week 's best photographs from around the globe . Caption Take a look at some of the week 's best photographs from around the globe . Dec. 22 , 2012 People celebrate after winning the first prize of Spain 's Christmas lottery named “ El Gordo ” ( “ The Fat One ” ) in Granen , in Manises . The world 's richest lottery showered prizes of up to $ 3.3 billion on crisis-hit Spaniards in an annual draw of the “ El Gordo. ” Jose Jordan/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
The Communist Party is particularly sensitive to the rise of any religious or quasi-religious organization , thanks to a long history in China of uprisings based on mystical beliefs .
In the mid-19th century the quasi-Christian Taiping Rebellion , led by a man who believed themselves to be the younger brother of Jesus , laid waste to half of China and almost brought down the Qing Empire .
At the dawn of the 20th century , the members of the anti-Christian “ Boxer Uprising , ” who believed their faith made them impervious to bullets , laid siege to the Foreign Legation quarter —home to foreign embassies— in Beijing and also nearly toppled the tottering empire .
More recently , the party launched a savage campaign against the Falun Gong spiritual movement in 1999 , after adherents surrounded the compound that houses the nation 's top leaders and performed their signature breathing exercises .
Since then , thousands of Falun Gong members have been jailed and many more subjected to brutal “ re-education . ”
The Church of Almighty God was founded in central China 's Henan province in the early 1990s by a man called Zhao Weishan and has spread throughout the country .
Because it operates as a secret underground organization , it is impossible to estimate its full size , but one follower , who asked not to be named , told the FT that there were “ at least several million ” adherents across the country .
The government has long classified the group as an illegal cult and periodically cracked down on it for forcing members to hand over cash and assets , but the scale and severity of the latest campaign is unprecedented .
“ There are many examples of similar fringe religious movements in China , and this one has been around for a long time , but the difference now appears to be its move into politics and its calls to destroy the Communist Party , ” said Tao Yong , a Canada-based historian and author who is an expert on the Taiping Rebellion . “ In the past , I have n't seen this particular group use this language of slaying the red dragon , and it is this sort of thing that hits a nerve for the Chinese government . ”
Tao said the leader of the sect now lives in the United States .
— Financial Times
Gu Yu contributed to this report .
Turnbull might be talking about tax , but their real agenda is about stirring up fear in the middle class to save their electoral skin . Professor Carl Rhodes says that 's a shame .
It looks like we are in for tax-talk in Parliament this week . But , as politicians exchange blows about how best to manage the budget , the tax debate is revealing something much more deep seated about Liberal politics .
In Parliament last week , Malcolm Turnbull was acting like a true CEO politician , trying to curb their party 's weakening polls . Liberal Party rhetoric demanded that they spoke to voters ' individual financial self-interest . But their real game was trying to win votes thought intimidation .
Like a seasoned rabble-rouser they were hell-bent on instilling fear and loathing amongst the aspirant and middle classes . What is there to be afraid of ?
Turnbull speaks in simple words :
`` Vote Labor and see your house price go down . That 's what Labor is offering . Lower house prices , poorer Australians . ''
Forget the national interest , social policy , or the fate of the economy , what we should really be scared of is the Labor party 's tax policies .
These are policies that will , according to Turnbull , mean that
`` ... the 70 per cent of Australians who own houses will see the value of their single most important asset smashed . ''
The words might be about tax , but the real agenda is about using fear to get votes . Until recently , we had `` stop the boats '' . Now , Turnbull trumps up with better stop the evil lefties from sending you to the poor house .
Turnbull does n't really know where they or their party stands on the issue of Capital Gains Tax with all of their back-flipping and front-flipping over the issue . But , when they are out to rescue the polls by trying to discredit the opposition , they are downright decisive about the dangers of voting for anyone but him .
Repeating an established refrain , they are accusing the Labour party of the `` politics of envy '' . For Turnbull , the long standing democratic ideals of equality and social justice can be cheapened to the view that working people are just covetous of the wealth of the well-heeled .
By this way of thinking , changes that might see the tax system used to redistribute income are n't about justice ; they simply reflect jealousy and resentment on the part of those who ca n't afford to own multiple houses !
Despite their accusations against Shorten , it is Turnbull the landlord populist who is trying to fight a class war — from the side of well-to-do .
Forget Malcolm Turnbull 's scare campaign , here are some more facts on negative gearing pic.twitter.com/Bk26m5WBwR — Bill Shorten ( @ billshortenmp ) February 24 , 2016
With their talk about tax , Turnbull is issuing a more erudite version of Joe Hockey 's cruder distinction between `` leaners and lifters '' . It 's also similar to Donald Trump 's castigation of the poor as `` losers '' .
Progressive tax as a feature of democracy ? No way ! Despite growing income inequality that places Australia as more inequitable country that the OECD average , for Turnbull those who risk being left behind by the neoliberal ideology they espouse are unjustly envious of the rich . Maybe they think we all want to be just like him ?
What about the new generation of working Australians who feel consigned to an inevitable future of precarious employment ? Are they locked into a system of inequality created by a long rampant neoliberalism ? Or are they just unfairly envious on account of being priced out of an unaffordable housing market ?
Perhaps the only chance to avoid being a renter is to live in one of your parents ' investment homes ? Turnbull himself , for example , owns seven properties .
With the talk of taxes , Turnbull is reducing Australian political debate to a populist fear-mongering designed to tug at both the heart-strings , as much as the purse-strings , of middle-class Australia .
Speaking last September , when they took over the nation 's political reins , Turnbull announced that theirs would be a government
“ ... committed to freedom , the individual and the market . ''
They have been true to their word — freedom at the expense of equality , the individual at the expense of the community and the market at the expense of democracy .
Turnbull 's vision of Australia – and , indeed , of Australians – is not based on the traditions of egalitarianism , equality , social justice and a fair-go for all . It draws instead on a model of competitive individualism where some people are winners and the losers envy their spoils .
As a demagogue of financial self-interest , Turnbull is waging a class war based on middle class fear . It is arguably the case the focus on negative gearing is a subterfuge to avoid debates over more significant economic issues , or worse that both the Government and Opposition are lacking any serious ideas for economic reform .
But even in a policy vacuum , something needs to be said to win over the voters after Turnbull 's honeymoon with Australia seems to be over . Issues of corporate tax avoidance , Medicare and education might matter more to the citizens of Australia , as might the off-the-Government 's agenda issues of same-sex marriage , climate change policy and the Australian republic .
These are central matters that need to be debated so as to instigate changes that would render Australia a fairer nation where both income and opportunity are more equally distributed . But rabble-rousing has long been a way to steer clear of the real issues , by appealing to people 's selfish and generally unfounded fears .
“ Backbenchers concerned about Govt 's persistent smoke signals on negative gearing ” https : //t.co/7eq3UOk7u3 Property Council on war path — Perorationer ( @ Perorationer ) February 28 , 2016
Of course , nothing strikes fear into the Australian middle class heart as much as housing prices . Abbott may have tried it with immigration , Islamaphobia and union bashing , but Turnbull has brought the fear-politics much closer to home .
This is a politics that divides rather than unites , that obfuscates important issues rather than clarifies them , that stifles rather than enables democratic debate and that reduces the Australian citizen to a fearful economic functionary .
If Turnbull 's rabble-rousing succeeds , then taxes might just push Australian democracy one step closer to its death . That , however , is not inevitable .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Monthly Donation Frequency Monthly Annually Amount $ Single Donation Amount $
Subscribe to IA for just $ 5 .
Collectors can store the IP addresses of respondents in survey results , which you may find useful for tracking respondents .
You can prevent IP addresses from being recorded in survey results by making results anonymous in your collector settings . Or you can restrict access to your survey by IP address .
IP addresses can be traced to a computer but not a person . People who share a computer share an IP address . Additionally , some IP addresses are tied to proxy servers , which means multiple computers can share the same IP address .
For example , an organization may have a single phone number that is used to receive incoming phone calls . When a call comes in , it 's routed to the appropriate person or extension . The same thing can happen with computer networks . An organization may have a single computer that is used to route Internet connections for all of the computers in that organization 's computer network .
If you see multiple responses for your survey with the same IP address , it may be that a single person is responding to your survey multiple times , or it may be that multiple people in an organization are accessing your survey from within that organization 's computer network .
While in Brooklyn this week ( and what a week , sheesh ) , ABC late night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel visited a Fulton St. barbershop to ask if — and , if so , how — Mitt Romney can win over more black voters . After all , Kimmel points out , President Barack Obama is winning the black vote by a margin of 94 percent versus Romney 's 3 percent .
When asked what Romney can do to win more block votes , one barber emphatically announced “ Turn black ! , ” while another suggested “ Drop out of the race. ” When presented with the tidbit that Romney 's biggest vice was chocolate milk [ Ed . note : I will never , ever not find this some combination of adorable and hilarious . ] , the barbers remained entirely unimpressed . As one man pointed out , “ Most black people are lactose intolerant , so… ”
Basically , Kimmel discovered that there 's no way these dudes are going to vote for Romney . In fact , the candidate scored zero on a scale of 1 to 10 when the men were asked if Romney “ has flavor ” or is their “ boo . ”
Check it out , via ABC :
h/t ABC.com
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Local Council Have to be Protected from Takeover or Dissolvement
Photographer : Mousab Assaf
SNHR has released a report entitled : “ Hay'at Tahrir al Sham Commits Wide Violations in Idlib Governorate ” which highlights the most notable violations by Hay'at Tahrir al Sham ( HTS ) in its attacks on opposition factions to take over Idlib governorate .
The 13-page report sheds light on the most notable violations by HTS ( an alliance composed of Fateh al Sham Front and a number of armed opposition factions ) including killings , arbitrary arrests , security pursuits , and summons to Sharia Courts that targeted both activists and military fighters between mid-July and August of 2017 .
The report notes that HTS has been trying recently to gain local and international legitimacy in their areas of control by attempting to provide social services at the expense of mitigating its oppressive and coercive methods , whereas HTS tried to combine between the two policies at times . In this context , the group 's media wing started promoting and repeating the term “ civilian administration ” . However , it is quite clear by looking at HTS 's Salafi-Jihadist , extreme structure , framework , and vision that the group is working towards establishing a governance based on its own understanding of the rules of Islamic law , which constantly leads the group to collide , contain , or infiltrate local councils .
The report adds that HTS look at local council as a competitor in the arena of providing services , in addition to the fact that these councils are popular due to their national characteristics that aims to re-establish a state governance on national grounds – a goal that HTS is at odds with , even though most of the group 's members are Syrians . Still , HTS lacks wide social leverage , mainly because of its extreme ideas , foreign leaderships , and widespread clashing with various local factions .
The report contains four accounts for victims who survived the arrest or pursuit attempts made by HTS . The report also documents that no less than 10 civilians , including two children , two victims who died due to torture , and one media activist . In addition , no less than 82 individuals , who are divided into 27 civilians and military fighters , were arrested by HTS in the period of time covered by the report .
According to the report , HTS raided six centers for relief organizations and seized their contents . Most of these raids took place on July 22 , 2017 .
The report stresses that HTS controls wide areas and imposes its authority on them and the residents living there . The group also has , to a great degree , political body and a hierarchy , and they are bound by the rules of the international human rights law . HTS has perpetrated widespread violations by arrest and enforced-disappearance operations and taking over properties . Also , the group violated the international humanitarian law through indiscriminate shelling that resulted in the killing of many civilians .
The report calls on the international community to provide financial and logistic support for the active local councils who are in conflict , public or unseen , with HTS that is trying to take over or dissolve these councils . Also , the report urges the international community to Support civil society organizations in Idlib governorate , and calls on the international community to add the extreme Shiite Iranian and Iraqi groups , and similar groups , and the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , which are all cross-border and publicly supported by Iran , to lists of terrorist groups . Also , these groups should be targeted and restricted , same as Islamic extreme groups .
Furthermore , the report calls on armed opposition factions that joined HTS to detach themselves from the group , expose their practices , organize awareness campaigns on the ideologies of extreme groups , and how to they infiltrate communities and recruit young fighters in parallel with workshops on respecting and defending basic human rights .
Lastly , the report calls on HTS to immediately stop generating chaos , fighting , and social resentment , respect basic human rights in its areas of control , Immediately release all arbitrarily-arrested detainees , return all seized properties and buildings , and compensate the affected organizations and individuals .
View full Report
When Sydney Swans players heard a 12-year-old boy had been commentating for their mate at one of their matches , they wanted to meet the two youngsters
“ Mateship ” is an Australian expression that stands for friendship and equality , even in times of great challenge . Mark Smith and Jarryd Haines , two young boys from Sydney , embody this ethos of close friendship . The pair have known each other for most of their lives and always enjoyed playing sport together . If there was a ball involved , they would be in the backyard , acting out a crucial Ashes test or taking a spectacular mark in the Australian Rules Grand Final for their beloved Sydney Swans .
A few years ago , when Mark was only nine , they were diagnosed with cancer of the brain and spine . It robbed the young boy of many things : their sight , part of their hearing and their ability to play the sports they love . Throughout the gruelling medical treatment that left Mark nauseous and exhausted , Jarryd remained their close friend , sharing their continued love of sport , particularly the Sydney Swans .
How do retired athletes find work ? A footballer has set up a careers site to help Read more
Two weeks ago , as normal , I took my seat at Sydney Cricket Ground with my fiancée to watch the Swans in their last regular game of the season . The old stadium was packed with fans dressed in red and white . Shortly into the second quarter , with the Swans edging away from their opponents , the Carlton Blues , I heard some remarkable commentary from a young boy . Play by play , Jarryd was bringing the game to life . I turned and saw Mark clutching a Sherrin football , grasping it tighter with every cadence in their friend 's voice .
Although Mark can not see anymore , their passion for the Swans has not ebbed . Armed with their cane , which they call “ Michael ” – their favourite film is the Italian Job – they go to the stadium and normally listens to streamed radio commentary that complements the roar of the crowd . Unfortunately , in the second quarter of the match the stream died . Thankfully , their friend Jarryd was there to step in with their own unique brand of commentary .
Sydney loves its winners and no one embodies that strength more than Lance “ Buddy ' Franklin , a towering colossus of a full forward who is considered one of the current greats in Aussie Rules . They are brash , bold and incredibly talented at kicking goals . Mention the name “ Buddy ” in Australia and you will get a knowing nod . Buddy was having one of their great days with the red leather football , kicking 10 goals to keep the crowd in raptures .
I barely looked at Buddy as I was focusing on Jarryd and Mark behind me . “ What 's happening , mate ? ” Mark implored as Buddy strutted around the 50-metre line looking for the ball searching for their tenth goal . “ Do n't worry Mark . I 've got this , ” replied Jarryd calmly . “ OK . Buddy 's got it . He 's quite far out . Will they go for it ? He 's going for it . It 's good and it 's their tenth goal ! Buddy is on fire. ” Mark hugged their football on their knees , feeling the defined stitching and laces with fingers , lost in the magic of Australian football brought to life by their friend .
At the end of the game , I turned to Jarryd 's father and told them I had enjoyed their son 's commentary very much and that they should be very proud of their boy . They told me this was typical of Jarryd ; he 's always looking out for Mark . As I turned around , Jarryd was helping Mark navigate the stairs as Sydney Swans winning anthem reverberated around the stadium . I got on the bus home and tapped out a tweet :
Jonathan Drennan ( @ JWDrennan ) Heard a beautiful thing at @ sydneyswans game tonight . A boy was giving their blind brother a brilliant play by play commentary all game long .
Within hours , I was contacted by the Sydney Swans . They desperately wanted to find the boys and give them an experience to remember . I had n't thought of taking their names ; I had simply appreciated the incredible colour commentary that had brought the game to perfectly to life , not only for Mark , but everyone sitting near us .
Sport can be banal at times , filled with salary negotiations and histrionics that appear laughable in a challenging world . But sometimes sport can do incredible things . It can help us forget our worries . Through wonderful moments on the field , we can live in the moment and share camaraderie with perfect strangers .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The boys and their heroes . Photograph : Sydney Swans
The Sydney Swans had helped Mark before ; they just did n't know it . When they woke up in the morning feeling nauseous from exhausting and relentless treatment , they always had the next AFL game and the roar of the crowd at the Sydney Cricket Ground to look forward to .
After a few days of searching for the boys with the help of the Australian media , the Swans found them and invited them to training . Mark and Jarryd were given a hero 's welcome when they arrived at the player 's entrance of the stadium last Tuesday . The players stood in a semi-circle before them and clapped loudly when they heard about their friendship . The boys were presented with jerseys and told that on Saturday afternoon , in the elimination final against Essendon , they would run out on to the pitch with the players before taking their seats with their families in a box that had been laid on by the club .
Mark stood smiling , lightly holding on to their friend 's elbow as the players came up and introduced themselves . “ Mark , this is Buddy , ” said Jarryd when the huge player came over to say hello . “ Wow , ” was all Mark could muster . Midfielder Kieren Jack crouched down and told Mark and Jarryd that they had inspired all of the players and they were going to a key part of the game .
When Saturday finally came , the boys arrived at the imposing arena where Donald Bradman had once made their home . Luke Parker , playing their 150th game for the Swans , insisted on taking Mark by the hand and gently escorting them through the players on to the pitch . The largest crowd of the season roared in unison as the boys ' names were shown on the big screen . In a game known for its brawn and bravery , the two mates had touched an emotional chord .
Sydney completed a 65-point demolition of Essendon to the delight of the two friends . Jarryd insisted on commentating the whole game for Mark once again and had run out of superlatives by the start of the fourth quarter . The boys were invited into the changing rooms to celebrate the victory and sing the club song but were both too exhausted after a week immersed the culture of the Swans .
The Swans will continue their finals quest against Geelong Cats on Friday . If they need any encouragement for the task at hand , they can look for the two young boys who have shown them the importance of mateship on and off the field .
• This article is from Behind the Lines
• Follow Jonathan Drennan on Twitter
Media Create Sales : Week 2 , 2013 ( Jan 07 - Jan 13 )
Code : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- |System | This Week | Last Week | Last Year | YTD | Last YTD | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | ALL | 649.000 | 1.759.000 | 875.000 | 2.408.000 | 2.700.000 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Code : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- |System | This Week | Last Week | Last Year | YTD | Last YTD | LTD | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | 3DS # | 92.661 | 279.259 | 100.668 | 371.920 | 341.487 | 10.151.800 | | PS3 | 22.991 | 64.352 | 30.332 | 87.343 | 104.791 | 8.947.427 | | WIU | 20.715 | 67.083 | | 87.798 | | 715.085 | | PSP # | 17.069 | 54.873 | 22.538 | 71.942 | 93.571 | 19.700.953 | | PSV | 11.088 | 33.309 | 18.361 | 44.397 | 61.276 | 1.175.222 | | WII | 1.873 | 5.632 | 14.179 | 7.505 | 63.704 | 12.646.341 | | 360 | 921 | 1.893 | 1.519 | 2.814 | 4.257 | 1.616.648 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | ALL | 167.318 | 506.608 | 191.084 | 673.926 | 681.432 | 76.785.032 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | 3DSLL | 56.377 | 156.184 | | 212.561 | | 2.302.932 | | 3DS | 36.284 | 123.075 | 100.668 | 159.359 | 341.487 | 7.848.868 | | PSP | 17.069 | 54.873 | 22.538 | 71.942 | 93.571 | 19.524.966 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Famitsu Sales : Week 2 , 2013 ( Jan 07 - Jan 13 )
Code : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- |System | This Week | Last Week | Last Year | YTD | Last YTD | LTD | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | 3DS # | 105.112 | 305.690 | 101.697 | 410.802 | 562.679 | 10.173.304 | | WIU | 21.489 | 70.662 | | 92.151 | | 730.490 | | PS3 | 21.445 | 64.834 | 31.059 | 86.279 | 164.516 | 8.830.612 | | PSP # | 18.084 | 53.154 | 23.942 | 71.238 | 150.879 | 19.250.338 | | PSV | 10.131 | 31.082 | 15.737 | 41.213 | 95.950 | 1.118.372 | | WII | 2.092 | 5.414 | 14.216 | 7.506 | 93.131 | 12.668.248 | | 360 | 578 | 1.266 | 1.247 | 1.844 | 5.468 | 1.589.855 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | ALL | 178.931 | 533.395 | 189.493 | 712.326 | 1.080.957 | 109.206.993 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | 3DS | 105.112 | 133.740 | 101.697 | 238.852 | 562.679 | 7.974.846 | -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
D a t a b a s e
Previous Threads
Have you ever experienced negative effects from porn in your own sex life and relationships ? Clarisse Thorn discusses the effect porn has had on them and on the sexuality of others .
I was recently discussing the cultural Porn Wars with a middle-aged friend . The Porn Wars feature many allegations : that porn has “ hijacked ” our sexuality and changed the way we have sex ; that making porn should be illegal or highly regulated ; that the Internet , with its proliferation of porn , is a particular villain in the whole saga . My friend asked me , “ Growing up in the Internet Generation , have you observed negative effects from porn in your own sex life and relationships ? What about your friends ' ? ”
I thought for a moment . “ It 's hard to say , ” I said finally .
Conventional wisdom has it that porn is ruining the sexual standards of our young people , particularly young men , and to the detriment of young women . This argument is made in hysterical pro-censorship terms by cultural conservatives , and I do n't have time for those people . But sometimes it 's made more moderately , by sex-positive feminists I respect . For example , Ozy Frantz and Noah Brand recently published an article in AlterNet titled “ The Absurd Myths Porn Teaches Us About Sex. ” Snip :
“ I had a boyfriend who did n't realize that women had pubic hair , ” [ one young woman said ] . “ Because they had only watched porn , they had never seen a naked woman outside of porn , so they just sort of failed to realize they had pubic hair . ”
… Talking to various young people about porn and sexuality , we quickly discovered a treasure trove of sadly mistaken beliefs about sex . A teenage boy who believed that all women , no matter how much they protested otherwise , really wanted to be called sluts when they had sex . Guys who think that foreplay is just jamming a few fingers up someone 's vagina before sex . People who did n't know you need lube to have anal sex .
I definitely support Brand and Frantz 's ultimate argument—that as a culture , we need more comprehensive sex education . As they note , “ truly comprehensive sex education can point out the diversity of sex : People have different bodies , different desires , and different abilities ; it 's not that the sex presented in mainstream porn is the best and other people 's sex is less good , but that there are thousands of possible and enjoyable sex lives. ” ( I 've made the same argument when writing about the porn wars , in fact . )
Even so , in all the conversations about porn and sexuality , I often wonder if mainstream porn is unfairly taking the fall for the fact that cultural sexual norms exist , and certain fantasies are prevalent . It 's the age-old question of media : Which came first , the social issue or the corroborating myth ? Would n't there be people who did n't know you need lube for anal sex , even without watching porn ? To refocus the question on something slightly less inflammatory than porn : skinny , white cisgendered ( “ cisgender ” refers to people who identify as the gender they were assigned at birth ) women dominate the general media too , and those images contribute to the insecurities of women who are n't skinny , white , cisgendered , etc . But how much can this be pinned on the media , and how much does it happen because our culture already saw skinny white cis women as most beautiful ?
When my middle-aged friend asked about the impact of porn on my own life , my thoughts jumped to a gentleman friend and recent fling who I 'll call Ben . Ben is a gentle and reflective guy ; they know how to touch a lady lightly , and is fun in bed . At one point during the frolics , Ben wanted to enjoy a certain ( somewhat stereotypical ) position , which sounded fine to me . I had a good time , because he 's a good person to have sex with , but it was less exciting for Ben than they thought it would be .
They brought this up next time we saw each other ; apparently it had been troubling him . “ I 've been watching a lot of porn lately , ” they said thoughtfully . “ I feel like after being so exposed to porn , I ended up with an image of the sex I wanted to try , but that image did n't have much to do with what I want in practice. ” They then suggested a new direction for our frolics , which was also fun , and I continue to have zero complaints .
I can certainly relate to feeling trapped in an inauthentic sexuality , to feeling like I 'm performing my sexuality . When I 've written about that , I 've called it the “ sexy dreamgirl shell. ” But I 've never been sure how much of that came from porn , and how much of it came from romantic comedies and playground whispers and all the other cultural forces that shape how we think about sex . I wonder this about Ben , too : Would they really never have had a disappointing fantasy without the influence of porn ? Really ? I mean , I almost never watch porn , yet I come up with hot fantasies that are n't much fun in practice , too . ( Your mom can tell you all about it . )
Plus , when I look at what happened with Ben , it simply does n't strike me as particularly sinister . It seems to me that they had a fantasy , we tried it , it did n't work out , and we did something else . No one was harmed—certainly not me , notwithstanding the fact that I was the girl .
I 've had some bad experiences with men and porn , especially when I was younger . But when I look back at those experiences , they strike me as being born more from secrecy and insecurity , not the porn in itself ; and secrecy and insecurity can harm a relationship in many other forms , too . In fact , another standard sex-positive feminist argument is that we can Reclaim Porn and use many different flavors of porn to demonstrate the variety of sexuality , and thus help people feel more open and less anxious about how sexually “ weird ” they are . Hey , my favorite partners have often been guys who 've watched all different kinds of porn . So maybe if we want dudes who are fun in bed , we should be selecting a sampler of many porns and flinging them about to all the young men .
There are definitely problems in the porn industry . One of my favorite films in the world is the nuanced documentary Graphic Sexual Horror , which describes the rise and fall of a now-defunct extreme S & M porn site . There are harrowing moments in the film that made me feel terrible for some performers . The film does a matchless job of highlighting the problems and complexities of sexual consent , once money gets involved . But Graphic Sexual Horror is also the source of my favorite positive porn anecdote .
Said anecdote features a young lady who came upon this extreme S & M porn and was first horrified , then fascinated . They soon realized that they desperately wanted to try it . So they got in touch with the porn site 's founder , and asked if they could come in for a shoot . They agreed , they came in , and afterwards they wrote them a check . They were like , “ Wait , why are you writing me a check ? ” … and that was when they learned that the S & M-on-camera performance they had given was considered work . This porn site , which harmed some sex workers and showed some of the most extreme porn on the Internet , gave this woman an incredible route to explore their own sexuality .
So , dear middle-aged friend , have I observed negative effects on sex and romance from porn ? In my life , in others ' lives ?
Well … maybe .
But maybe I have n't .
Clarisse Thorn is Role/Reboot 's Sex + Relationships Editor .
Related Links :
I am becoming increasingly frustrated by Common Lisp 's age . On the one hand , history makes it what it is : Mature , well-documented , thoroughly understood and practical . On the other , it fails to keep up with current system designs , lacking convenient native support for rich data structures , infrastructure access and parallel programming . No programming language choice is without tradeoffs and in that respect , and I 'll still choose Common Lisp in many situations . Realistically , though , Common Lisp can not be the only language in my tool chest . For browser work , Javascript is much more practical , and for parallel programming , I 'm on the lookout .
On my last visit in Cambridge , I attended the Boston Lisp Meeting . The presentation scheduled was about the new Lisp dialect the Clojure by Rich Hickey , who is the creator of this language .
Parallel programming is one of the areas that Clojure wants to make easier . It does so by making all data structure immutable and by language-level abstractions for concurrent data access . In that respect , it is similar to Erlang as it requires a functional programming style everywhere . Unlike Erlang , which puts almost all operations with side effects behind a common message passing interface , Clojure exposes the full Java API to programs . Thus , side effects can be produced everywhere , except in algorithms implemented in Clojure .
Clojure wants to be a Lisp , but it explicitly does not try to be backwards compatible . This opened a rather large design space to Rich Hickey , and some of the choices they made really do make sense . They specify a reader , yet their reader does not intern symbols . That is a big win , as it allows the reader to actually work with arbitary Clojure source files . In Common Lisp , one needs to re-implement a full reader which does not intern symbols if one wants to read Common Lisp source files . This is kind of ironic , as the `` Code is Data '' mantra that we keep repeating does not really reflect what is possible in practice .
Rich managed to make me enthusiastic about Clojure , and I decided to give it a spin with a real project that I wanted to conduct anyway : I am a Twitter user , and I would like to be notified of new posts to Planet Lisp on Twitter . The program would read the Planet 's RSS feed using a HTTP request , determine if new items have been posted and update the Twitter status of the Planet Lisp Twitter account that I have set up for this purpose .
Getting the development environment up
My laptop runs Windows , but I do most of my Lisp development in a VMware running FreeBSD . As Clojure is hosted on the Java virtual machine , I decided to avoid the indirection and use Windows as my native platform . Clojure support for Slime is available , so I can stay in my familiar environment . A very recent CVS checkout of Slime is required , which took me a little while to figure out .
Processing XML
It took me a another while to discover what the proper way to process XML in Clojure is . An XML parser is included with the base distribution , but there is no information in the documentation how one would actually work with the data structure that is generated by the parser . For my application , I wanted to iterate over certain elements in the XML and extract a few subelements in a loop . An evaluator for XPath expressions would have suited the job , but obviously that is not the Clojure way to do it .
In Clojure , XML does not receive any special treatment . The parser reads it into a tree , and processing is performed using functions that process trees . As simple as it may sound , I had a hard time finding a practical example of how this was supposed to work . Chris Houser finally got me on the right track when they pointed me to their zip_filter package . zip_filter is a tool for filtering data out of trees , and it can work with trees produced by Clojure 's XML parser .
Once I had figured this out , things were very easy . The Planet Lisp RSS feed can be read into an XML tree with
( clojure.zip/xml-zip ( clojure.xml/parse `` http : //planet.lisp.org/rss20.xml '' ) )
( clojure.contrib.zip-filter.xml/xml- > xml : channel : item )
Making HTTP requests
and one can extract data out of the parsed tree using path expressions : This certainly is concise and elegant , and I like the fact that XML is kept out of the program 's way . Note that I 've included the namespace prefixes in the examples above so that they can be copied and pasted . Normally , one would import these namespaces so that shorter or no namespace needs to be specified to access the symbols .
In order to update the Twitter status , a HTTP POST request to Twitter must be made . A HTTP client which is based on the java.net.HttpsURLConnection class is available from the Files section of the Clojure Google Group . It is not a polished product and required some minor tweaking , but after that , fetching something using HTTP is as easy as
( http-client/url-do `` http : //planet.lisp.org/ '' `` GET '' { } )
Reading and writing files
The Twitter gateway needs to persistently store the list of articles that it has found on Planet Lisp in order to decide which of the current articles are new . Clojure is a Lisp and thus can read and write its own data structures easily , so all it takes is calling a few functions . As in the XML case , the hard part was figuring out what the proper functions are , as the documentation is sparse . I found Stuart Halloway 's Blog in which they publish a number of articles describing how the examples from Peter Seibel 's book Practical Common Lisp can be implemented in Clojure . The Simple Database example pretty much does the same thing that I required , so I looked at that . Unfortunately , the `` spit '' function that is the complement to `` slurp '' and writes a string to a named file did not appear to exist in the clojure namespace . It took a little grepping to find it in clojure.contrib.duck-streams , and referenced from there , it works as expected .
Functional glue
Having all the required components in place , it was time to come up with the real code . As data structures are immutable in Clojure , the challenge was to express the required loop so that both the new persistent state and the list of new postings would be maintained . I came up with a recursive function with two accumulators :
( defn poll `` Poll planet lisp , check for new postings , update Twitter status when new postings have appeared '' [ ] ( save-data ( let [ old-data ( load-data ) process ( fn [ items new-data new-items ] ( if items ( let [ item ( first items ) guid ( first ( xml- > item : guid text ) ) ] ( recur ( rest items ) ( conj new-data guid ) ( if ( old-data guid ) new-items ( conj new-items ( first ( xml- > item : title text ) ) ) ) ) ) ( do ( maybe-post-twit new-items ) new-data ) ) ) ] ( process ( xml- > ( feed-to-zip `` http : //planet.lisp.org/rss20.xml '' ) : channel : item ) # { } [ ] ) ) ) )
The Verdict
To Scheme programmers , this style should be familiar . I find it not terrible myself , although one could certainly push things around to suit taste .
I was sceptical when I first read about Clojure . I am sceptical of new languages in general , and new Lisp family members always make me think `` why ? '' first . Rich Hickey 's presentation got me interested because they gave very good reasoning for their design choices . They also are a very good presenter and could easily withstand an audience of die-hard Lispers that included people who have played an active role in the creation of Common Lisp . But that is the singer , not the song .
The good
The fixed reader , vastly improved data structure support , access to a host of libraries and concurrency support all make a good case for Clojure . It is Lisp in many respects , and in the uncompromised macro facility opens up the extensibility that I am used to from Common Lisp .
The bad
Clojure is not multi-paradigm in the sense that Common Lisp is : A functional programming style is required , and there is no way around that . Making the comma be white space is somewhat of an arbitary decision , that does not match the other design choices that seem to be grounded better .
The ugly
The error messages that the compiler produces are mostly useless . Debugging is hard , as no tracing facility and no breakpoints are available - Or maybe they are , but I could not find them in the documentation . The overall immaturity of the language shows frequently , and I have spent hours looking for code examples and finding my way through something that is very much in flux .
My Conclusion
I like Clojure , as it seems to fill my need for a language that supports concurrency and makes it possible to write modern desktop applications , while still being a Lisp . I will use it for another project I have been planning to do in Erlang . For general exploratory development , Clojure is not yet a good choice as the development environment is too immature .
I am not buying Rich Hickey 's claim that classic object oriented programming is bad because it does not support concurrency . I begin thinking of object oriented systems more than active databases that allow modeling of complex , interconnected and persistent data structures . Such structures are managable with a pure sequential execution model , and one should refrain from mixing that with tasks that are inherently concurrent .
Finally : My Twitter gateway for Planet Lisp exists , but I have not yet been able to deploy it . Getting Java to run on FreeBSD/amd64 has proven to be kind of a challenge . I will have this sorted out soon , so feel free to follow planet_lisp .
Britain has been accused of blocking the UN inquiry into atrocities in Yemen allegedly carried out by its theocratic ally Saudi Arabia .
In an open letter to the UN Human Rights Council ( HRC ) , a group of NGOs has alleged that the UK is blocking the progress of the inquiry by failing to give backing to an effort by the Netherlands to set up a full investigation .
Since the conflict began the UK has sold more than £3 billion ( US $ 3.9 billion ) in arms to the Saudi regime and provided training on targeting both by warplanes and artillery .
The groups , including Human Rights Watch and Campaign Against the Arms Trade ( CAAT ) , have said that the inquiry would “ establish the facts , collect and preserve information related to violations and abuses with a view to ensuring that those responsible for crimes are brought to justice in fair trials . ”
The letter , which was coordinated by the medical peace group Medact , puts a powerful case for a proper examination of allegations .
“ As health professionals , we have a duty to speak out against all causes of ill health in Yemen . This must include the sale and export of UK weaponry that is fueling the conflict . ”
Speaking for their organization , CAAT 's media head Andrew Smith said : “ For 18 months now , UK arms have been central to the destruction of Yemen .
“ The aid that is being given amounts to a small fraction of the damage that has been caused and pales in comparison to the £3.3 billion worth of arms that have been licensed . ”
They called for Prime Minister Theresa May and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson to “ end the arms sales and put a stop to the uncritical support that the UK provides for the Saudi regime . ”
Johnson last week claimed that the UK was “ using a very , very wide variety of information sources about what is happening to acquaint ourselves with the details ” of events in the war-torn country .
Saudi Arabia has been fighting Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen since 2015 . Estimates for those displaced by the war are around 2.5 million while 50 percent of the population are reported to be suffering from malnourishment .
When Mark Scarpinato retired from football about a year ago in favor of medical school , the former Michigan State defensive tackle expected there would be a sense of closure to their career .
But as their first year at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee wore on , they realized how much they missed playing the game that they left after their sophomore season .
“ I would try not to watch the games because it would make me a little sad , ” they said . “ It was like , ‘ Those are my guys and I could be out there right now . '
“ I think that probably could have been a hint that maybe it 's not time to give it up . ”
Hint received . Scarpinato is making a return to football , as they will play their final year of eligibility at Pitt this fall and spend two years pursuing their Master of Health Administration .
At Pitt , they will reunite with former MSU defensive coordinator and now Pitt head coach Pat Narduzzi , as well as some former staff members .
“ That was the best combination of football with academics and also with feeling like home , ” said Scarpinato , who played in all 14 games in MSU 's Rose Bowl season in 2013 . “ With the same defensive system and a lot of people that I know . ”
It will mean taking a leave of absence from MCW , returning as a second-year medical student with what they figure will be a boosted resume for internships and residency as they aim to one day run a hospital .
“ I 'm looking to use this to mold my career in terms of medicine , ” they said . “ I think the more people you 're able to meet , the more different experiences you have , the better physician you can be . ”
The decision to play out the one year they have left started to come in early February . In meetings with mentors – in particular , Dr. Michael C. Decker – they were encouraged to follow their heart .
“ We talked a lot about what I wanted out of med school and what I wanted out of this whole life , ” Scarpinato said . “ My whole goal talking with them was to get a project and to get published . …
“ He had a way different goal . That was to make me fully understand what I wanted . ”
Then they watched former MSU cornerback Trae Waynes and former Wisconsin running back Melvin Gordon working out at the NFL Combine . They thought back to playing against the pair in high school , as they and Milwaukee Marquette University defeated Waynes and Gordon and Kenosha Bradford in the 2009 Wisconsin state semifinals .
“ Ever since then , I was like , ‘ I can keep up with these guys , ' ” Scarpinato said . “ I was kinda like maybe I should give it one more run . Give it everything I 've got and truly see if I can keep up with those guys . ”
So Scarpinato started looking at schools . They looked through the top schools with an MHA program , ruling out any Big Ten schools out of respect for coach Mark Dantonio and Michigan State .
They talked with North Carolina coaches , but decided that was not the right fit . Then they locked in on Pitt , which has a top 10 MHA program and MSU ties . They applied at the end of March , getting their acceptance on April 22 .
And Narduzzi , who they have known since being recruited in high school , was excited to give them a second chance .
“ I think they are really excited for me as a person more than a player , ” Scarpinato said . “ He cares about me as a person and about getting what I want out of life as a person . The fact that I 'm able to play for them and help their defense out and help their team out is just icing on the cake . ”
Admittedly , the past year has not been the best physical preparation for coming back to play major college football .
They interned last summer at their high school in the weight room , but tailed off during the busy first year of med school . But once they began looking into playing their final year , they got back to training and said they are feeling great , weighing in at 280 – just shy of the 287 they played at in their final season for MSU .
“ I am just as strong as I was at Michigan State after six weeks of training , ” they said .
But while it was not the best physical build up , Scarpinato feels they hold a stronger perspective on football as a game now , fueled by their experiences in med school .
“ It 's so much easier when you know that it 's not someone else 's life in your hands , ” they said .
For now , their hands will be more occupied with shedding offensive linemen once again .
And when they are done with whatever the season at Pitt brings , they will hope to head back to MCW with the closure they were missing in the past year .
“ I 'm definitely looking to be able to watch Pitt games and Michigan State games on Saturday and be completely okay with it and say I did everything I had to , ” they said .
For the first time late last week , Chinese troops from the People 's Liberation Army visited the continental United States to drill with their American counterparts at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , a few dozen miles from Seattle and home of the I Corps . While it was the stuff of headlines , it certainly is not the first time the U.S. and Chinese militaries have cooperated . During the Clinton administration , the Pentagon instructed U.S. aircraft carriers to welcome delegations of Chinese military officials . Technology aside , aircraft carriers operate with careful choreography that is the result of decades of experience dating back to World War II and before . They are mini-cities , home to more than 5,000 people all working in unison . The human clockwork and processes behind the technology can be difficult to ascertain from the outside , but its mastery is necessary if an aircraft carrier is going to be able to launch and recover aircraft , re-supply , and generally operate without accidents . The Chinese delegations studied the U.S. Navy 's operations and processes , many of which they proceeded to replicate in their own navy and on their own aircraft carriers which increasingly threaten U.S. interests .
Despite this , the Obama administration has only fast-tracked U.S.-China cooperation . The White House has honored President Xi Jinping twice with state dinners , more than any other foreign leader . In 2014 , for the first time , the Pentagon welcomed Chinese participation in the annual RIMPAC exercise held that year off the coast of Hawaii , even as China openly took advantage of the opportunity to operate within Hawaii 's exclusive economic exclusion zone and collect intelligence beyond the scope of the exercise . Former Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel briefly considered allowing a U.S. aircraft carrier to make a port call in China , where Chinese intelligence could very easily seek to extract intelligence on It 's and U.S. personnel , but the Pentagon backed down against the backdrop of Senate Armed Services skepticism , although it left open the possibility to conduct such visits in 2016 . Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter , however , welcomed Chinese warships to Mayport , Florida , the U.S. Navy 's third largest base by surface fleet capacity in the United States .
President Obama and diplomats might believe that such ties build understanding and break down suspicion . If so , they might want to suggest evidence to support their theory to counter the ample evidence that China merely sees the opening as a weakness to exploit .
Perhaps Obama is indifferent , but Ash Carter might also consider why China merits such cooperation when it actively obstructs resolutions of several prisoners of war ( POW ) cases . Then again , the Pentagon today more often stonewalls rather than advocates for POW families . On Veterans Day , I had highlighted the work of historians like Mark Sauter , who have assiduously traced and documented the case of Americans confirmed captured alive inside North Korea , the documentation of whose cases Carter and their predecessors have kept secret from their families more than a half century after their capture .
Alas , that is often the rule rather than the exception . There are two types of POW cases upon which Chinese authorities refuse to share information :
The first are prisoners held in official Peoples Republic of China POW camps in North Korea that were operated under Soviet advisors . There were specific Americans like Dick Desautels and Gerald “ Jerry ” Glasser , who were known to be alive in those camps , but never returned or accounted for .
The second were those Americans held in secret camps outside North Korea , in both China and , according to former Soviet officers , U.S. reporting , and Russian inmates , in the Soviet Gulag as well . With very few exceptions , none of the Americans reported there by U.S. intelligence during the war were ever returned .
Sauter and John Zimmerlee have done extensive archival work and have found repeated references to secret camps in China . However , when the U.S. Defense Department ‘ cooperates ' with China on the issue , they often limit themselves to paying China for information of old plane crashes , none of which have helped resolve the fates of any Americans . So China gets taxpayer money , and the families of those who sacrificed for their country receive nothing . Even as the White House and Defense Department open the gates of hospitality and intelligence to China , they do not require that China comes clean on the fate of POWs the U.S. government knows and the Chinese have in the past acknowledged they held in North Korea who never came home . According to the Pentagon , as related by Sauter and Zimmerlee in this article outlining the POW case , the Chinese “ cite classification issues that prevent them ” from releasing information on American POWs .
Obama , Carter , and Secretary of State John Kerry may not care . It is easy to imagine that the priorities of the present trump closure for the families of those who served before them . They would be wrong . To allow countries like China , North Korea , and Iran to avoid accountability for the hostages they have taken is to encourage further targeting of Americans in the future .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sitting on a bed covered in cuddly toys , their long hair tied with a pink scrunchie , 14-year-old Poliana looks like any innocent young teenager .
But instead they are part of a sickening child prostitution scandal that heaps shame on World Cup hosts Brazil .
In this bedroom , only yards from a new £200million stadium where England will play in next summer 's finals , Poliana sells their body to dozens of construction workers in their lunch break every day for just £2.60 a time .
And they are not alone .
A Sunday Mirror investigation reveals how hundreds of poverty stricken children , some aged just ELEVEN , are being sold to workers building São Paulo 's showcase World Cup ground .
Yet they are feared to be just the start of a tidal wave of child prostitutes run by organised crime from drugs gangs and child sex traffickers to the Russian mafia . And they will swamp here and other stadiums in Brazil , luring lucrative foreign fans , when the tournament kicks off in June .
Already there are sinister reports of buses full of children like Poliana arriving in São Paulo , Brazil 's biggest city with 11.3 million people , from poor parts of the country after being snatched by traffickers .
The city 's worried justice secretary , Eloisa de Sousa Arruda , told us of cases of underage girls arriving through its international airport from the Congo and Somalia , supposedly financed by the Russian mafia .
And a São Paulo council inquiry into child prostitution , seen by the Sunday Mirror before publication , shows the crime-ridden city is powerless to stop them – because there is “ no political will ” to do so .
Every day , the grotesque trade goes on in broad daylight in roads near the stadium in the poor district of Itaquera – in full view of security guards and regular police patrols .
The girls sometimes take clients back to local run-down sex hotels , or work from their own bedrooms in shacks in a local squalid ‘ favela ' or shanty town .
Residents of Favela da Paz , a slum in the shadow of the stadium , claim many of the girls are forced into prostitution by gangs .
We found Poliana after being led to their bedroom by other girls plying their trade close to the stadium 's perimeter fence .
They said they normally arrange to meet clients in a local sex motel , the pink-painted Hotel Palace , even though Brazilian law bans minors from entering such vice dens . “ The owners know me , they always let me in , ” they said .
Poliana said most of their trade comes from the 300 workers building São Paulo 's Arena Corinthians . Two weeks ago they discovered they are pregnant .
The youngster told us how they fell headlong into the world of prostitution only three months ago . They said : “ It was the night my mother died . I 'd been tempted to do prostitution before – some of my friends were doing it and there were people wanting me to do it .
“ But when they died I just lost it . I went out on the streets that night . I did n't know how I would find money to eat or pay the rent . It did n't take long to find people wanting to pay . There were lots of men from the stadium turning up looking for sex . ”
Poliana said they know many other underage girls from poor communities around the stadium who sell their bodies to stadium workers employed by Odebrecht Infrastructure .
They said : “ There are many who are younger than me , 11 , 12 . I 'm often the oldest girl on the road . When the World Cup begins there will be many more girls my age and younger . Everyone thinks they can make a lot of money from the foreigners coming here . ”
( Image : Getty Images )
Thousands of England fans will be in São Paulo for the team 's second group game on June 19 against Uruguay . Another girl , 16-year-old Thais , left a man waiting inside a garage where they sometimes take clients so they could speak to us .
A crack addict , Thais said they charge between 10 and 15 Reals – £2.60 to £4 – and has sex with up to 15 men a day .
“ Nearly all my clients are from the works , ” they said . “ They always pay up , but they do n't always treat me well .
`` But what can I do ? My parents are dead , I need money . If it were not for the men at the stadium , I do n't know what I 'd do . Tomorrow one of them has booked a whole day in the hotel – it will be a good day 's work for me . ”
Thais also said they are “ looking forward ” to earning more during the World Cup . They said : “ I 'm going to charge the foreigners 50 Reals ( £13 ) a time . I 'm sure I 'll get a lot of work from the football fans . ”
The city council 's inquiry into rocketing child prostitution paints a disturbing picture . A public hotline to report cases has “ not stopped ringing ” since it was set up nine months ago , said councillor Laercio Benko , the inquiry 's president . Reports include allegations children are being forcibly recruited into the sex trade by drugs gangsters .
The inquiry , due to publish its findings next month , also heard how pimps had been approaching men working at the stadium , offering them “ very young girls ” for sale . Cllr Benko said they fear the city could become a “ child prostitution hub ” before the big kick-off .
They said : “ São Paulo is not organised to prevent this type of child sexual exploitation , not right now and much less during big events like the 2014 World Cup . What we are hearing are very serious ­allegations which demand responses , but I 'm afraid there 's a lack of political will to bring it to an end . ”
The nightmare is repeated across Brazil . In a recent survey of 300 workers on World Cup projects , 57 per cent said they knew of underage prostitution close to the sites . Astonishingly , a quarter of the men interviewed admitted they had paid for sex with children on one or more occasions .
An anti-trafficking expert told us : “ For trafficking gangs the World Cup represents an unprecedented opportunity to make money . Foreign fans need to be aware of this – and that sex with a minor in Brazil carries up to 10 years ' jail . ”
Back in the Favela da Paz , as building workers follow children into squalid shanty homes , dad-of-four Anderson Fonseca , 34 , told us : “ Since the work on the stadium started , it 's got out of control . Every day you see more girls , and much younger girls . ”
Two weeks ago the Arena Corinthians raised fears of Brazil 's readiness to host the World Cup after a huge crane collapsed onto the structure , killing two workers .
But São Paulo 's chilling child prostitution ­explosion reveals even deeper worries about the country 's suitability to run the tournament .
A statement from construction firm Odebrecht Infrastructure said on Friday it “ has not been ­notified ” of child abuse allegations and is “ unaware of any information about them ” .
Frequent or explicit references to or images of drugs , alcohol , tobacco
Frequent or graphic realistic , cartoon , or fantasy violence or descriptions of violence
Nudity or descriptions of nudity within medical , informational or artistic contexts
The content of this skill is only appropriate for mature users . This skill may include account linking , personal information collection , advertisements , location detection or location-based services , or examples of the types of content described below :
The content of this skill is only appropriate for mature users . This skill may include account linking , personal information collection , advertisements , location detection or location-based services , or examples of the types of content described below :
By enabling , this skill can be accessed on all your available Alexa devices .
By enabling , this skill can be accessed on all your available Alexa devices .
Description Daily Cup of Tea is an skill that pulls the daily top posts from reddit and gives you a little bit of everything you like each day .
Whether it 's news , jokes , facts , quotes , or pro-tips , we will brew up a perfect cup of content for you every day of the week !
Skill Details Flash Briefing Skill
Rated : Mature . Mature The content of this skill is only appropriate for mature users . This skill may include account linking , personal information collection , advertisements , location detection or location-based services , or examples of the types of content described below : Nudity or descriptions of nudity within medical , informational or artistic contexts Infrequent or mild references to cultural or religious intolerance Frequent or graphic realistic , cartoon , or fantasy violence or descriptions of violence Frequent or explicit references to or images of drugs , alcohol , tobacco Infrequent or mild sexual and suggestive themes Frequent profanity or crude humor User generated content Simulated gambling or references to casinos and gambling culture This skill contains dynamic content . This skill contains dynamic content , which is content that is updated real-time based on inputs from the developer . The maturity rating associated with this skill pertains only to the content of the skill at the time of the submission .
French President Emmanuel Macron addresses a speech during the annual gathering of French Ambassadors at the Elysee Palace in Paris , France , August 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yoan Valat/Pool
PARIS ( Reuters ) - French President Emmanuel Macron said in an interview they had major differences with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Ukraine and “ wo n't let them get away with anything . ”
“ I speak with everybody . Very directly and very frankly , ” Macron said in an interview with French weekly Le Point published on Wednesday .
“ On Ukraine , we have major differences with Vladimir Putin . I take note of it . France wo n't let them get away with anything . ”
The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014 .
Germany and France have tried to persuade both sides to implement a peace deal agreed in Minsk in 2015 , but with little success , including since Macron came to power in May , despite several meetings and calls .
Macron in late May hosted Putin at the 17th-century palace of Versailles outside Paris . Both men said they had agreed on the need to move forward on divisive issues such as Syria and Ukraine .
Seattle attorney John Henry Browne says he 'll hire Colton Harris-Moore , the infamous ‘ Barefoot Bandit , ' to work part time in their law office
The former fugitive who became known to the world as the “ Barefoot Bandit ” is about to be released from prison and will take a part-time job with the Seattle attorney who represented them in court .
John Henry Browne , a high-profile attorney whose clients have also included serial killer Ted Bundy , confirmed Wednesday that Colton Harris-Moore , 25 , will do clerical work and answer telephones in their Pioneer Square offices after he 's released from prison to a halfway house .
“ He 'll be looking for full-time work and will eventually be going to school , ” Browne said .
According to Browne 's recently published autobiography , “ The Devil 's Defender , ” the attorney said they took Harris-Moore 's defense for $ 1 paid by Harris-Moore 's mother .
Browne negotiated a plea agreement that sent Harris-Moore to prison for six and a half years , but has resolved dozens of federal and state charges pending against them since their escape from a juvenile halfway house in 2008 .
By the time they were arrested in 2010 after a boat chase in the Bahamas , Harris-Moore was something of a folk hero , with a huge following on social media and articles of their exploits in major national publications .
Browne also helped Harris-Moore work out a movie deal that resulted in a Hollywood studio coming up with more than $ 1 million to pay restitution that Harris-Moore owed for wrecking cars , crash-landing three stolen airplanes and dozens of thefts and burglaries . Harris-Moore has received no money from the deal , Browne said Wednesday .
Browne said the job offer was part of a deal they had made with Harris-Moore years ago .
Harris-Moore 's formal release date from Stafford Creek Correctional Center in Aberdeen is Jan. 17 , according to the state Department of Corrections . Browne said they were being moved to a halfway house as early as this week .
According to court records , Harris-Moore turned to crime as a child out of hunger and neglect from their alcoholic and abusive mother . Pamela Kohler , of Camano Island , died of cancer earlier this year even as Harris-Moore , from prison , desperately tried to raise money to have them cryogenically frozen with the hope they could be cured of cancer later .
Browne said the death was hard on Harris-Moore , but “ in some ways I think it was a relief and has freed him . ”
Harris-Moore was first jailed as a 17-year-old , and was serving time for burglary at a juvenile halfway house when they escaped in 2008 . For the next two years , they evaded capture while committing a string of break-ins and thefts , often leaving a telltale sketched bare footprint at the scene as a signature .
During much of that time , the gangly youth hid out in the forests of Orcas Island in the San Juans and squatted in the attic of a plane hangar at the island 's airport . Eventually , they flew a stolen plane from Indiana to the Bahamas , where they were captured .
The internet made Harris-Moore a cult hero , and at one time they had nearly 50,000 followers on their Facebook page , where they would occasionally leave a post written on a stolen laptop .
They eluded a massive manhunt , and police warned that they were dangerous . Among their crimes were the thefts and interstate transportation of at least two stolen handguns , and police say they took an assault rifle from a police car .
Harris-Moore said they taught themselves how to fly using flight manuals and a computer flight simulator , according to court documents .
While they were able to get the three planes off the ground and pilot them , sometimes in bad weather , they had a tougher time with the landings : Harris-Moore crashed all three , acknowledging in defense documents that they nearly died in a September 2009 crash of a stolen Cessna that went down near Granite Falls in Snohomish County .
At their sentencing , Harris-Moore told U.S. District Judge Richard Jones their dream of flying was the only thing that saved them from the nightmare of their childhood .
Browne , the attorney , said Harris-Moore has been befriended by a Boeing engineer and wants to be an aeronautical engineer .
Browne says he 's been repeatedly impressed by Harris-Moore 's desire to improve himself .
“ Indeed , Colton , one of my favorite clients today , truly is a triumph , ” Browne wrote in their book .
For other people named Elias Boudinot , see Elias Boudinot ( disambiguation )
Elias Boudinot ( i-LY-əs boo-DIN-ot ; May 2 , 1740 – October 24 , 1821 ) was a lawyer and statesman from Elizabeth , New Jersey who was a delegate to the Continental Congress ( more accurately referred to as the Congress of the Confederation ) and served as President of Congress from 1782 to 1783 . They were elected as a U.S . Congressman for New Jersey following the American Revolutionary War . They were appointed by President George Washington as Director of the United States Mint , serving from 1795 until 1805 .
Early life and education [ edit ]
Elias Boudinot was born in Philadelphia on May 2 , 1740 . Their father , Elias Boudinot III , was a merchant and silversmith ; they were a neighbor and friend of Benjamin Franklin . Their mother , Mary Catherine Williams , was born in the British West Indies ; their father was from Wales . Elias ' paternal grandfather , Elie ( sometimes called Elias ) Boudinot , was the son of Jean Boudinot and Marie Suire of Marans , Aunis , France . They were a Huguenot ( French Protestant ) family who fled to New York about 1687 to avoid the religious persecutions of King Louis XIV .
Mary Catherine Williams and Elias Boudinot Sr. were married on August 8 , 1729 . Over the next twenty years , they had nine children . The first , John , was born in the British West Indies-Antigua . Of the others , only the younger Elias and their siblings Annis , Mary , and Elisha reached adulthood . Annis became one of the first published women poets in the Thirteen Colonies , and their work appeared in leading newspapers and magazines . Elisha Boudinot became Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey .
After studying and being tutored at home , Elias Boudinot went to Princeton , New Jersey to read the law as a legal apprentice to Richard Stockton . An attorney , they had married Elias ' older sister Annis Boudinot . Richard Stockton was later a signatory of the Declaration of Independence .
Career [ edit ]
In 1760 , Boudinot was admitted to the bar , and began their practice in Elizabeth , New Jersey . They owned land adjacent to the road from Elizabethtown to Woodbridge Township , New Jersey .
Marriage and family [ edit ]
Hannah Stockton Boudinot ( 1736–1808 ) , by Matthew Pratt
After getting established , on April 21 , 1762 , Boudinot married Hannah Stockton ( 1736–1808 ) , Richard 's younger sister . They had two children , Maria Boudinot , who died at age two , and Susan Vergereau Boudinot .
Susan married William Bradford , who became Chief Justice of Pennsylvania and Attorney General under George Washington . After their husband 's death in 1795 , Susan Boudinot Bradford returned to their parents ' home to live . The young widow edited their father 's papers . Now held by Princeton University , these provide significant insight into the events of the Revolutionary era .
In 1805 , Elias , Hannah and Susan moved to a new home in Burlington , New Jersey . Hannah died a few years after their move , and Elias lived there for the remainder of their years .
Later career [ edit ]
In their later years , Boudinot invested and speculated in land . They owned large tracts in Ohio including most of Green Township in what is now the western suburbs of Cincinnati , where there is a street bearing their surname . At their death , they willed 13,000 acres ( 53 km2 ) to the city of Philadelphia for parks and city needs . They were buried in the churchyard of St. Mary 's Church , Burlington , New Jersey . [ 1 ]
Political career [ edit ]
Boudinot became a prominent lawyer and their practice prospered . As the revolution drew near , they aligned with the Whigs , and was elected to the New Jersey provincial assembly in 1775 . In the early stages of the Revolutionary War , they were active in promoting enlistment ; several times they loaned money to field commanders to purchase supplies . Boudinot helped support the activities of rebel spies . After the British occupation of New York City , spies were sent to Staten Island and Long Island , New York to observe and report on movements of specific British garrisons and regiments .
On May 5 , 1777 , General George Washington asked Boudinot to be appointed as commissary general for prisoners . Congress through the board of war concurred . Boudinot was commissioned as a colonel in the Continental Army for this work . They served until July 1778 , when competing responsibilities forced them to resign . The commissary managed enemy prisoners , and also was responsible for supplying American prisoners who were held by the British .
In November 1777 , the New Jersey legislature named Boudinot as one of their delegates to the Second Continental Congress . Their duties as Commissary prevented their attendance , so in May 1778 they resigned . By early July they had been replaced and attended their first meeting of the Congress on July 7 , 1778 . As a delegate , they still continued their concerns for the welfare of prisoners of war . Their first term ended that year .
In 1781 , Boudinot returned to the Congress , for a term lasting through 1783 . In November 1782 , they were elected as President of the Continental Congress for a one-year term . The President of Congress was a mostly ceremonial position with no real authority , but the office did require them to handle a good deal of correspondence and sign official documents . [ 2 ] On April 15 , 1783 they signed the Preliminary Articles of Peace . [ 3 ] When the United States ( US ) government was formed in 1789 , Boudinot was elected from New Jersey to the US House of Representatives . They were elected to the second and third congresses as well , where they generally supported the administration . They refused to join the expansion of affiliated groups that formed formal political parties .
In 1794 , they declined to serve another term , and left Congress in early 1795 . In October 1795 , President George Washington appointed them as Director of the United States Mint , a position they held through succeeding administrations until they retired in 1805 .
Later public service [ edit ]
In addition to serving in political office , Elias supported many civic , religious , and educational causes during their life . Boudinot served as one of the trustees of the College of New Jersey ( later Princeton University ) for nearly half a century , from 1772 until 1821 . When the Continental Congress was forced to leave Philadelphia in 1783 while they were president , they moved the meetings to Princeton , where they met in the College 's Nassau Hall .
On September 24 , 1789 , the House of Representatives voted to recommend the First Amendment of the newly drafted Constitution to the states for ratification . The next day , Congressman Boudinot proposed that the House and Senate jointly request of President Washington to proclaim a day of thanksgiving for `` the many signal favors of Almighty God . '' Boudinot said that they
could not think of letting the session pass over without offering an opportunity to all the citizens of the United States of joining , with one voice , in returning to Almighty God their sincere thanks for the many blessings they had poured down upon them . [ 4 ]
Boudinot was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1814 . [ 5 ]
A devout Presbyterian , Boudinot supported missions and missionary work . They wrote The Age of Revelation in response to Thomas Paine 's The Age of Reason . They were one of the founders of the American Bible Society , and after 1816 served as its President .
They argued for the rights of black and American Indian citizens , and sponsored students to the Board School for Indians in Connecticut . One of these , a young Cherokee named Gallegina Uwatie , also known as Buck Watie , stayed with them in Burlington on their way to the school . The two so impressed each other that Gallegina asked for and was given permission to adopt the statesman 's name . Later known as Elias Boudinot , they were an editor of the Cherokee Phoenix , the nation 's first newspaper , which was published in Cherokee and English .
Legacy and honors [ edit ]
Quotes [ edit ]
`` Be religiously careful in our choice of all public officers ... and judge of the tree by its fruits . ''
`` Good government generally begins in the family , and if the moral character of a people once degenerate , their political character must soon follow . ''
Archival collections [ edit ]
The Presbyterian Historical Society in Philadelphia has a collection of incoming correspondence and several legal agreements pertaining to land ownership related to Boudinot from 1777–1821 in its holdings . The correspondence dating from 1777–1778 almost exclusively deals with the trading and releasing of prisoners .
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
McKinley Belcher III as Samuel Diggs and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Nurse Mary Phinney .
Courtesy of Antony Platt/PBS
– Civil War Era Series ' Premiere Drew Strong Audience of
More Than 5.7 Million Viewers –
ARLINGTON , VA ; March 9 , 2016 – PBS announced today that it has given the greenlight to a second season of MERCY STREET , PBS ' first original drama in more than a decade . The first season , executive produced by Ridley Scott ( The Martian , Gladiator , Thelma and Louise ) ; David W. Zucker ( “ The Good Wife ” and “ The Man in the High Castle ” ) of Scott Free ; Lisa Q. Wolfinger ( “ Desperate Crossing , The untold story of the Mayflower ” ) and David Zabel ( “ ER ” ) , drew a 3.85 rating ( Nielsen Live + 7 ) for the January 17 premiere , reaching more than 5.7 million viewers ( persons 2+ ) . The series ' six episodes have streamed 2 million times ( from January 14-February 28 ) across all platforms , including PBS station websites , PBS.org and PBS apps for iOS , Android , FireTV , ROKU , Apple TV , Xbox 360 and Windows 10 .
MERCY STREET trended nationally on Twitter for more than two hours on its January 17 premiere and was the # 2 most social broadcast drama on TV that night ( Source : Nielsen , 1/17/16 , ranked on unique authors/tweets/impressions ) . The series also trended nationally during its third and sixth episodes . The MERCY STREETwebsite has had more than 600,000 unique visitors since its launch ( December 21 , 2015-February 28 ) . The site is dedicated to connecting fans to the real history behind the drama . Visitors can create tintype-style photos , read about the real life events that inspired each episode , flip through historical photographs and take a quiz on Civil War medicine .
“ We are thrilled with the overwhelmingly positive response to MERCY STREET and the return of high-quality American drama on PBS stations , ” said Beth Hoppe , Chief Programming Officer and General Manager , General Audience Programming , PBS . “ We 're looking forward to a second season offering more fascinating stories inspired by historical events . The effort from everyone involved , including the producers , directors , historical consultants , actors and PBS stations , resulted in an extraordinary series that exemplifies PBS ' world-class programming . ”
MERCY STREET 's first season took place in the spring of 1862 in Alexandria , Virginia , a border town between North and South and the longest-occupied Confederate city of the war . Ruled under martial law , Alexandria was the central melting pot of the region , filled with civilians , female volunteers , doctors , wounded soldiers from both sides , free blacks , enslaved and contraband ( escaped slaves living behind Union lines ) African Americans , prostitutes , speculators and spies . MERCY STREET follows the lives of all of these characters , who collide at Mansion House , the Green family 's luxury hotel , which has been taken over and transformed into a Union Army hospital .
Season two picks up directly from the dramatic events at the end of the season one finale , continuing to explore the growing chaos within Alexandria , the complicated interpersonal dynamics of Dr. Foster , Nurse Mary and the Mansion House staff , the increasingly precarious position of the Green family and the changing predicament of the burgeoning black population . The season will introduce a number of new elements , taking us closer to the fight and into the halls of Confederate power , all set against the intensifying war , starting with the Seven Days ' Battle and culminating with Antietam .
“ It has been a privilege for all of us on MERCY STREET to be able to tell these stories at the intersection of drama and history , and we are thrilled to have the opportunity to build on what we 've already done , ” said co-creator and executive producer David Zabel . “ The quality entertainment and educational value that MERCY STREET provides have made the show a perfect fit for PBS , and we 're elated that the first season has resonated with its audience . ”
“ The success of season one of MERCY STREET proves how captivating this series is and how viewers have identified and connected with the characters ' lives , even during a much different time in our nation 's history ” said executive producer David W. Zucker . “ We are looking forward to continuing to expand on these important themes with the next season . ”
“ Several years ago , I went searching for a fresh take on the Civil War and stumbled on the world of Union-occupied Alexandria , Virginia , ” said co-creator and executive producer Lisa Q. Wolfinger . “ The history inspired us to create a complex ensemble drama about life on the home front told from multiple points of view : women , African Americans , doctors and civilians . This was n't easy or glamorous history ; it was n't about battles and glory ; this was challenging material rife with provocative themes and fully three-dimensional and often flawed characters . In so many ways , PBS was the perfect fit for us . The fact that MERCY STREET has been so well-received by PBS ' audiences is exhilarating . We are looking forward to season two and the opportunity to expand our storylines while digging deeper into this pivotal time in American history . ”
The ensemble cast for season two of MERCY STREET includes Mary Elizabeth Winstead ( “ The Returned , ” The Spectacular Now ) as nurse Mary Phinney , Josh Radnor ( “ How I Met Your Mother , ” Liberal Arts , Broadway 's Disgraced ) as Dr. Jedediah Foster , Gary Cole ( “ Veep , ” “ The Good Wife , ” “ Entourage ” ) as James Green , Sr. , Hannah James as Emma Green , Brad Koed Jr. as James Green , Jr. , Norbert Leo Butz ( “ Bloodline ” ) as Dr. Byron Hale , Tara Summers ( “ You 're the Worst , ” “ Rake , ” “ Boston Legal ” ) as nurse Anne Hastings , McKinley Belcher III ( “ Show Me a Hero , ” “ Chicago PD ” ) as Samuel Diggs , Jack Falahee ( “ How to Get Away With Murder ” ) as Frank Stringfellow , AnnaSophia Robb ( “ The Carrie Diaries , ” The Way , Way Back , Bridge to Terabithia ) as Alice Green , Donna Murphy ( “ Resurrection , ” “ Hindsight , ” Broadway 's Passion and The King and I ) as Jane Green , Suzanne Bertish ( “ Rome ” ) as Hospital Matron Brannan , and Luke Macfarlane ( “ Brothers and Sisters , ” “ Over There ” ) as Chaplain Hopkins .
“ I am so pleased that MERCY STREET has already had such tremendous success and will be returning to Virginia to film season two , ” said Governor Terry McAuliffe . “ This outstanding show is a great illustration of the enormous opportunities Virginia offers to film and television producers and to tourists who enjoy history and natural beauty . I hope everyone will continue to support MERCY STREET and take advantage of our many exceptional Civil War sites and attractions , particularly those in Alexandria , where the original story of MERCY STREET took place , and in Central Virginia where the PBS series is filmed . ”
To ensure historical accuracy of the first season , the producers engaged a team of advisors headed by noted historian Dr. James M. “ Jim ” McPherson and including leading experts on Civil War medicine , military history , African-American history , women in the Civil War era and more . McPherson will return for season two along with Shauna Devine ( Learning From the Wounded , the Civil War and the Rise of Medical Science ) , Jane Schultz ( Women at the Front : Hospital Workers in Civil War America ) , Audrey Davis , director of the Alexandria Black History Museum , and Anya Jabour ( Scarlett 's Sisters , Young Women in the Old South ) . New additions include James Downs , ( Sick from Freedom : African American illness and suffering during the Civil War and Reconstruction ) an Andrew Mellon New Directions Fellow at Harvard University ; Dr. Anthony Tizzano , a member of the clinical faculty of obstetrics and gynecology at Case Western Reserve University and Cleveland Clinic 's Lerner College of Medicine ; Walton Owen , ex-curator of the Fort Ward museum in Alexandria , VA ; Dr. Gordon Dammann , founder of the National Museum of Civil War Medicine ; and Jay Sexton , ( Debtor Diplomacy ; Finance and American Foreign Relations in the Civil War era . ) director of the Rothermere American Institute .
Leading up to and during the first season of MERCY STREET , PBS stations held more than 30 screening events resulting in thousands of attendees .
PBS LearningMedia introduced a special collection of Civil War-inspired videos from the PBS Digital Studios series THE GOOD STUFF . The series targets middle and high school students and teachers , with each 5-7minute show designed to correspond to MERCY STREET 's themes , while framing topics for social studies and U.S. history classrooms . So far the episodes have drawn more than 65,000 views across Digital Studios , LearningMedia and the pbs.org/mercystreet sites .
The full second season will be available on Blu-ray and DVD from PBS Distribution : ShopPBS.org ; 800-PLAY-PBS , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . The film will also be available for digital download . Season one can be purchased now .
Amazon Prime Video is the exclusive premium subscription streaming home for MERCY STREET , with each episode available to Prime members in the U.S. seven days after its broadcast on PBS stations .
MERCY STREET season one was made possible by the Anne Ray Charitable Trust , the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , Virginia Tourism , Visit Alexandria , FAGE and public television viewers .
MERCY STREET is a production of Scott Free Productions and Lone Wolf Media . Executive producers : Ridley Scott , David W. Zucker and co-creator Lisa Q. Wolfinger and David Zabel ; co-executive producer Clayton Krueger ; producer David Rosemont .
About Scott Free Productions
Scott Free Productions is the film and television production company of acclaimed film director Ridley Scott . In the 20 years since Scott Free was formed , the company has earned over 70 Emmy nominations with 20 wins , and 20 Golden Globe nominations for its highly acclaimed television projects , which include : the Peabody Award-winning “ The Good Wife , ” which is in its seventh and final season on CBS ; a series adaptation of Philip K. Dick 's classic “ The Man in the High Castle ” for Amazon ; the Civil War medical drama “ Mercy Street , ” PBS ' first scripted series in over a decade ; “ BrainDead ” a satiric-thriller CBS summer series from Robert and Michelle King ; and the acclaimed “ Killing ” telefilms ( “ Killing Kennedy ” “ Killing Lincoln ” and “ Killing Jesus ” ) for National Geographic , each of which premiered to record numbers for the channel . Current productions in 2016 include : “ Taboo ” for FX and BBC ; “ Killing Reagan ” for National Geographic ; “ The Terror ” for AMC ; “ Sensory ” for CBS ; and “ JCVJ ” for Amazon .
Lone Wolf Media
Lone Wolf Media is an independent television production company with a longstanding reputation for developing and producing award-winning programming across a variety of genres . Founded in 1997 by Kirk and Lisa Q. Wolfinger , Lone Wolf Media has grown since then to become a leader in factual entertainment . Recent primetime specials include “ D Day in HD ” for History Channel and THE BOMB for PBS . Current projects include a 9/11 special about the attack on the Pentagon for PBS and a series of programs about World War 1 for Smithsonian Network . President and owner Lisa Q. Wolfinger created the new PBS American drama concept in collaboration with David Zabel , showrunner and lead writer on NBC 's hit series “ ER. ” MERCY STREET was inspired by the sesquicentennial of the Civil War and a shared passion for history .
PBS Distribution
PBS Distribution is the leading media distributor for the public television community , both domestically and internationally , extending the reach of programs beyond broadcast while generating revenue for the public television system and our production partners .
PBS Distribution offers a diverse range of programming to our customers , including Ken Burns 's films , documentaries from award-winning series such as NOVA , FRONTLINE , AMERICAN MASTERS , NATURE and AMERICAN EXPERIENCE , dramas from MASTERPIECE , as well as films from independent producers and popular children 's programming . As a multi-channel distributor , PBS Distribution offers consumers high-quality content in multiple formats , including DVD , Blu-ray , digital download and digital streaming . PBS Distribution is also a leading source for factual content for international broadcast , cable and satellite services .
About PBS
PBS , with 350 member stations , offers all Americans the opportunity to explore new ideas and new worlds through television and online content . Each month , PBS reaches more than 100 million people through television and over 33 million people online , inviting them to experience the worlds of science , history , nature and public affairs ; to hear diverse viewpoints ; and to take front row seats to world-class drama and performances . PBS ' broad array of programs has been consistently honored by the industry 's most coveted award competitions . Teachers of children from pre-K through 12th grade turn to PBS for digital content and services that help bring classroom lessons to life . PBS ' premier children 's TV programming and its website , pbskids.org , are parents ' and teachers ' most trusted partners in inspiring and nurturing curiosity and love of learning in children . More information about PBS is available at www.pbs.org , one of the leading dot-org websites on the Internet , or by following PBS on Twitter , Facebook or through our apps for mobile devices . Specific program information and updates for press are available at pbs.org/pressroom or by following PBS Pressroom on Twitter .
– PBS –
CONTACTS :
Carrie Johnson , PBS , cjohnson @ pbs.org ; 703-739-5129
Joe DePlasco , DKC , joe_deplasco @ dkcnews.com , 212-981-5125
Missy Greenberg , DKC , missy_greenberg @ dkcnews.com ; 212-981-5121
For images and additional up-to-date information on this and other PBS programs , visit PBS PressRoom at pbs.org/pressroom .
Asaduddin Owaisi Asaduddin Owaisi
Delhi Police has lodged an FIR against All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM ) leader and MP Asaduddin Owaisi for an alleged hate speech delivered last year , a Delhi court was informed on Monday .
Following the order of Metropolitan Magistrate Muneesh Garg , the police filed a compliance report in court informing it that a criminal case has been lodged against Owaisi , the MP representing Hyderabad , under provisions of the IPC on the basis of a private complaint .
Additional Station House Officer ( ASHO ) of Farsh Bazaar police station , who was present in the court , submitted a copy of the FIR along with the compliance report .
The FIR was registered on the court 's direction on the complaint of Ajay Gautam , a social worker and a priest .
Owaisi has been booked under sections 153 ( A ) ( promoting enmity between different groups ) , 504 ( Intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace ) , 120 B ( criminal conspiracy ) , 121 ( waging war against India ) , in addition to offences under various sections of the Information and Technology Act .
The complainant had said that on June 5 , 2014 , they had read an article in the online edition of a newspaper in which Owaisi had allegedly delivered a speech against Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
They had said they found that it was not the first time that the leader had delivered a `` hate speech and created terror and fear '' in the minds of one community .
The complainant had sought lodging of FIR for the alleged offences of promoting enmity between different groups on ground of religion , criminal conspiracy and intentional insult with intent to provoke with breach of peace under the IPC among other charges .
SANTA CLARA , Cuba ( Reuters ) - The first scheduled commercial passenger flight from the United States to Cuba in more than half a century landed on Wednesday , opening another chapter in the Obama administration 's efforts to improve ties and increase trade and travel with the former Cold War foe .
A JetBlue Airways Corp ( JBLU.O ) passenger jet arrived from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , in the central Cuban city of Santa Clara . The route may be a commercial challenge , at least initially , but it is the first of a plethora of new flights by various U.S. airlines to destinations on the Communist-ruled island .
U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx , JetBlue Chief Executive Officer Robin Hayes , other officials and journalists were aboard the 150-seat plane . Regular travelers , including some of Cuban descent , occupied nearly half the seats on the flight to Santa Clara , a city with a population of about 200,000 that is known for its monument to revolutionary leader Ernesto “ Che ” Guevara .
While opening travel to cities like Santa Clara is seen as a foot in the door to expanding travel to the Cuban provinces , the market 's big prize is routes to Havana , which Foxx awarded on Wednesday . American Airlines Group Inc ( AAL.O ) was awarded the biggest portion .
“ The Havana competition was one of the most over-subscribed competitions that I 've been a part of , ” Foxx said in an interview before the plane took off . “ I think that speaks to the interest on the part of the American people , and it also speaks to the level of commercial interest in the U.S. that exists . ”
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry noted in a Twitter message that the flight took place just over a year after the flag was raised at the reopened U.S. embassy in Havana . They called it “ another step forward . ”
Cuba and the United States began normalizing relations in December 2014 after 18 months of secret talks and have since restored full diplomatic ties . The countries had been hostile for more than five decades , since Fidel Castro ousted U.S.-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista in a 1959 revolution that steered the island on a communist course and made it a close ally of the Soviet Union .
Until Wednesday , passenger air links between Cuba and the United States were by chartered flights .
Obama 's opening to Cuba has included a landmark visit by them to the Caribbean island in March and a series of measures to increase commercial ties , but the U.S. president has been unable to persuade Congress to lift the longstanding embargo .
Critics of the detente argue the Obama administration has won few human rights concessions from President Raul Castro in exchange for allowing hotel chains , cruise lines and at least one U.S. bank to ramp up operations on the island .
Ground crew hold U.S. and Cuban flags near a recently landed JetBlue aeroplane , the first commercial scheduled flight between the United States and Cuba in more than 50 years , at the Abel Santamaria International Airport in Santa Clara , Cuba , August 31 , 2016 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
The United States still prohibits its citizens from visiting Cuba as tourists , although there have long been exceptions to the ban , ranging from visiting family to business , cultural , religious and educational travel . The Obama administration has further eased the restrictions .
Lázaro Chavez , a 49-year-old pharmacist who lives in Miami and returns frequently to their homeland , said before boarding that they were taking the flight for two reasons . “ One , I am going to see my family . Two , I want to be on this historic flight . ”
‘ FOOT IN THE DOOR '
JetBlue and other airlines may be setting themselves up to lose money on Cuba trips in the short run , said industry consultant Robert Mann .
“ Most carriers look at international markets that have been restricted and are just opening up as an investment , ” Mann said . “ You need to get your foot in the door . ”
Giselle Cortes , who oversees new international routes for JetBlue , said they expected demand on the route to pick up quickly and maintained that the Santa Clara flights would be financially successful for the airline .
Slideshow ( 14 Images )
Services on regional carrier Silver Airways and American Airlines Group Inc ( AAL.O ) from the Miami-Fort Lauderdale area that is home to a large Cuban-American population , to Cuba 's outlying provinces will be the next to start , in September . Three other carriers will follow .
Santa Clara airport , where the JetBlue flight landed , has served as a gateway to nearby beaches for European and Canadian tourists who have been coming to Cuba for years , but the U.S. embargo - at least for now - bars Americans from such resort-oriented travel .
Tidal introduced two subscription tiers — a $ 9.99 standard-definition tier and a $ 19.99 hi-fi tier — with no free options .
Jay-Z 's Tidal is a lot of things : a star-studded streaming service with 17 of music 's biggest names as key stakeholders ; an ambitious new player in a still-nascent but increasingly competitive marketplace that includes iTunes , Beats , Spotify , Pandora , Rdio and Deezer ; and a $ 56.2 million bet on the future of high-definition “ lossless ” audio , a technology in which fellow musician Neil Young is also heavily invested .
But it 's also the latest step in moving the music industry toward its “ Netflix ” inflection point : converting consumers who are used to streaming content for free to pay a monthly fee . As Universal Music chairperson Lucian Grainge said at the Code/Media Conference in February , “ We want to accelerate paid subscriptions and raise income and compensation for everyone … Ad-funded on demand will not sustain us or the entire ecosystem . ''
Reached by Billboard Monday ( March 30 ) , Grainge was supportive of Tidal 's launch . “ As a strong supporter of innovation and entrepreneurship in the streaming and subscription space , we welcome the new launch of Tidal . Led by the incomparable Jay-Z , one of the most accomplished artists and music entrepreneurs of our generation , Tidal embodies the ascendance of artists ' voice in these services . Tidal seeks to make itself a destination for music fans by offering an holistic approach — providing a broader range of artist-related information and content . The entry of a new player in this space with a business model that will help to spur innovation and better experiences for fans — in turn , grows the ecosystem , nurturing talent and building repertoire . ''
Just how big that ecosystem is currently presents Tidal 's biggest opportunity . Industry observers estimate that streaming services have a collective 40 million paying subscribers globally — that 's not enough to match even the 57.4 million subscribers who currently pay for one video service , Netflix . That number gets considerably smaller when you look at the U.S. , which finished out 2014 with 7.7 million paid subscriptions , according to the RIAA , equating to roughly $ 800 million in digital music revenue .
So although the phrase “ RIP Spotify ” became a popular phrase on Twitter within the first few hours that Tidal-affiliated artists like Kanye West , Nicki Minaj , Madonna and Rihanna began turning their avatars blue , Tidal 's battle will not solely be about competing against its competitors for market share . At the time of its relaunch , Tidal introduced two subscription tiers — a $ 9.99 standard-definition tier and a $ 19.99 hi-fi tier — with no free options .
Vania Schlogel , a former principal at private equity firm KKR , has been leading the new strategy for Tidal since becoming Roc Nation 's chief investment officer in December , and tells Billboard that a share grab “ is not interesting ” for Tidal 's future growth . “ But if I look at a nascent marketplace where it can be grown , and people can understand how easy it is to get to that place , then success will come from people falling in love with this platform and feeling the realness of it . ''
Schlogel argues that consumer education on the accessibility of “ offline streaming ” is still required to drive higher conversion rates to subscription tiers , particularly in heavy commuter markets . “ I was having a conversation with a young man who said , ‘ I do n't use streaming because I live in New York and I ca n't take my music with me . ' I said , ‘ look at your favorite artists , check their songs and watch this : two clicks , it 's on a playlist and you can listen to it on the subway . ' ''
Still , some streaming-music executives argue that free or “ freemium ” ( free on-demand ) tiers only help accelerate paid conversion . One executive familiar with Spotify 's numbers told Billboard in January that 80 percent of its 15 million subscribers came from the company 's free mobile service , launched in 2013 after a 2011 attempt by the record labels to limit the number of free hours listeners could consume .
“ Taylor Swift said it best : free on-demand is an experiment , ” says Rdio CEO Anthony Bay , who in September rolled out a free DMCA-compliant radio service to establish Rdio as a “ Pandora meets Spotify ” hybrid . “ If enough people get it for free , then people will subscribe . But if iTunes said tomorrow , ‘ You can download for free , but every three songs you 're gon na hear an ad ' — Is that going to encourage more people to pay 99-cents ? No . That 's all that free on-demand is , it 's an ad-supported version of what 's already there . ''
And though Swift has has been advocating for releasing new music only via paid services , one executive argues , “ If you want subscriptions , why on earth would you cut off the pool that you 're getting subscriptions from ? If Spotify Free ended , 86 percent would go to other free services , only 6 percent would convert . There 's no reason to expect they would stick around . ''
Charles Caldas , CEO of indie-label consortium Merlin , counters a service like YouTube , which only has a free , ad-supported tier available widely to consumers , is driving “ high-consumption , low-value ” music consumption that further de-emphasizes paid content . And YouTube , in turn , is prepping a wider rollout of subscription service Music Key later this year , with the company 's head of artist and label relations Vivian Lewit telling Billboard last week , “ While we continue to grow our ad-supported partner revenue 50 percent year over year , we recognize the need to augment that with additional streams for income coming from individual fans and people that consume music . It 's about providing more options . ''
Another type of subscription service just debuted last week – Vessel , a new premium-video venture from former Hulu CEO Jason Kilar . As part of the company 's licensing agreement with Warner Music , new music videos from Blake Shelton , Hunter Hayes and Galantis will debut exclusively on the service for 72 hours before syndicating to other platforms like YouTube . Up next : working with Universal Music Group artists like Kiesza , who will debut their next music clip on Vessel in the coming days .
Artists should be able to distribute their life 's work in a way that works for them , ” Kilar says , “ in the same way that TV and movies have evolved . If you look at movies , they started in the 1900s with just one window , which was the movie theater . Today , it 's a very sophisticated structure where it starts in the theater then it goes onto Amazon and other streaming services , and then home entertainment and DVD then TV channels like FX . All those channels work really hard to serve filmmakers so they 're able to work on the content and able to make a very good living . The music industry should be able to have that same structure . ''
Martin Bandier , chairperson-CEO of Sony/ATV , the world 's largest music publisher ( Swift , Pharrell and John Legend number among their many songwriters ) , says those options ca n't come fast enough . “ As far as we 're concerned , we would like to do with away the free services [ in the U.S. ] . It 's only outside of America that we do n't have a compulsory licenses — we have free and open negotiations — so we 're hoping that the record companies take a stronger position with respect to the free services . Taylor Swift left Spotify and has had tremendous success without it ; she 's sold over 9 million albums globally and is rapidly approaching 5 million in the U.S . ''
This article first appeared on Billboard.com .
Intel Extreme Masters at Gamescom kickstarted with what was probably the best game of the day as Team SoloMid faced off against EnvyUs .
The French squad eventually won on Cobblestone and finished the day without a loss , something Nathan ” NBK ” Schmitt attributes the new constellation 's hard work the last two weeks .
– We had one week of negotiations after everything went down and ever since then we have been practicing everyday , they say to Aftonbladet Esport .
Only two weeks remain until the biggest tournament of the year will commence , as sixteen of the best CS : GO teams in the world will land in Cologne to face off in the second major of 2015 .
This week however , six teams from all over the world have been invited to participate in the Intel Extreme Masters at Gamescom . Last year , ESL One was played during the enormous gaming exhibition . This year , the major will be held in a bigger stadium and at Gamescom CS : GO is represented by a smaller tourney with a brand-new format .
” Taking this event as a real test ”
Six teams face off , and the winner of each match get to decide which teams will play in the upcoming match . After the first days games , Team EnvyUs looms large a top of the table with no single ” life ” lost .
– We basically came here to prepare for the major that is coming up . We know that Dan ” apex ” Madesclaire and Kenny ” kennyS ” Schrub are two very active personalities and we wanted to test the limits of that and how it would go . We wanted to know if they would be overreacting or be talking too much in-game . So we are taking this event as a real test to see what we might need to improve on , Nathan ” NBK ” Schmitt says to Aftonbladet Esport .
” We had to come to the same level ”
Probably no one in the CS : GO community could have missed the falling out in the old Team EnvyUs squad . After winning Dreamhack Winter 2014 and embarking on a fantastic run in the beginning of 2015 , the squad fell to pieces and eventually let Richard ” shox ” Papillon and Edouard ” SmithZz ” Dubroudeaux go . In came apex as well as one of the most famous players in the CS : GO scene , kennyS .
– We are coming from two different backgrounds , over the last year we have had contrasting views on leadership . So the most difficult thing we had to go through is to get on the same page on the view on leadership and we had to all come to the same level . What we are practicing right now is to make everything automatic and being able to talk well and have a good communication in the team .
” Had a lot of problems with leadership ”
In a vlog published shortly after Team EnvyUs acquired the two stars from Titan , NBK spoke about the new hierarchy within the squad . Vincent ” Happy ” Cervoni would be the in-game leader and overall responsible for the tactics in the team , apex would take charge of CT-aggression and handling the tactics at the sites where they and Fabien ” kioShiMa ” Fiey would hold bomb sites together . In short , NBK , kennyS and kioShiMa would only focus on hitting the opposing players head .
– In the old team we had a lot of problems in regards to leadership , but in this team , as soon as everybody understands their role , we will be really good . I think this lineup is perfect regarding the roles . And now all we need to do is to have everybody working within the same concept .
” The real test is in a few months ”
As the old Team EnvyUs drew to a close , the world could see a disgruntled French squad . Whenever the camera panned across the player 's faces during a game , there would be nothing more than frowns displayed . While facing mousesports on the last map of the day , the viewers could notice a team seemingly in harmony , laughing and joking with each other between rounds . Something that NBK is not too surprised by .
– It 's always like that in the beginning . Everybody is happy and things are going well . The real test is going to be in a few months when we have settled down and if we can still find things to keep on evolving . That 's going to be the real test , because I have no doubts that this team is going to be real good really fast .
You and Kenny obviously used to play together , but you were basically kicked out of Titan . How are things working out for you and how are they settling in ?
– We had huge problem at the end of that era in Titan . We have put those old differences behind us . And the only thing that matters now is the team . As I told you , we are going to work hard and I believe in this lineup .
[ Danny Masterson , right , and Ashton Kutcher , in The Ranch . ]
Netflix was very quick to take action when allegations of sexual impropriety about one of its stars , Kevin Spacey , surfaced this weekend .
On Sunday , the Daily Beast reported that Star Trek : Discovery actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of touching them inappropriately when they were only 14 years old . At the time , in 1985 , Rapp and Spacey were both performing in Broadway productions , and Spacey was 26 .
Spacey responded by saying they had no recollection of the incident , but was horrified , and then used the occasion to come out as gay .
On Tuesday , Netflix announced that it was suspending production of the sixth and final season of the show Spacey stars in , House of Cards .
Two days . It took two days for Netflix to decide , after 32-year-old allegations of inappropriate behavior by Kevin Spacey surfaced , for the network to cancel production on Spacey 's show .
Earlier today , we sent an email to the Netflix media department asking for help with a question .
If Netflix took only two days to cancel Kevin Spacey 's show after uncharged allegations of sexual impropriety came up , why did Netflix this summer order a third season of The Ranch , some four months after its star , Scientology actor Danny Masterson , was revealed to be under investigation by the Los Angeles Police Department for violent rapes against three different women ?
We will let you know if Netflix gets back to us .
On March 3 , we broke the news that Masterson was accused of raping three women , all fellow Scientologists , between 2001 and 2003 . Masterson , through their representatives , denied the charges . One of the women , who we 're referring to as Victim B , reported their 2003 rape to the LAPD in 2004 , which later closed that case because they could n't find any other victims .
Victim A and Victim C never went to the police . But then last fall , Victim A learned for the first time that the other two women also alleged to have been raped by Masterson , and so for the first time they contacted law enforcement . They then contacted Leah Remini , whose A & E series , Scientology and the Aftermath , was about to debut at the end of November .
Remini encouraged the women to speak with the police , and they even met with the LAPD 's first detective handling the case , Esther Reyes , as the investigation was just getting underway .
“ I met with the LAPD . I met with Detective Reyes , and I told them these victims deserve to be heard , ” Leah Remini told us . “ I pointed out to them that there was a framed picture of a Scientologist on their wall , actor Michael Peña . Do you know what that says to a young Scientologist who comes here to seek justice ? My experience with the LAPD has not been good . I asked them to do the right thing by these girls , and I told them that the world is watching . ”
Four months almost to the day after we broke the news of the investigation , on July 4 Netflix announced that it was ordering season three of The Ranch , which will be released in 2018 . ( The second half of its second season , already filmed , is scheduled to be released on December 15 . )
The three victims accusing Masterson share some similarities , but there are also some differences in their allegations .
According to a police report , Victim A had lived with Masterson in a relationship , but they attacked them in 2001 when they were unconscious : “ Victim and suspect lived together for 6 years , but were not married . Vict went to bed and when they woke up and was bleeding from their anus . Vict confronted the suspect , they laug [ h ] ed at them and told them they had sex with them in their anus . ”
Victim B 's story also involved a woman who was unconscious at the time that their assault began . In their case , it was at a 2003 party at Masterson 's house during which they became incapacitated by a single drink in a suspiciously quick time frame . “ SUSP ( acquaintance ) sexually assaulted the victim while they were passed out . The victim woke up while the suspect was having sex with them and struggled with him . The suspect choked the victim until they passed out , ” the police report for Victim B says .
A close family friend to Victim B told us that the Church of Scientology assigned Victim B months of expensive conditioning , requiring them to look into their past lives to find the reason that they had been victimized in their current life .
We spoke directly to Victim C , who told us that they too felt suspiciously incapacitated after accepting a drink from Masterson at their house in 2003 . They said that even in their drunken state , they distinctly remember telling Masterson that they did n't want to have sex as they handled them roughly .
“ He flipped me over and just started pounding me . I was trying not to vomit . I said no like 50 times . But it was just sort of happening . I was saying no a lot , but it did n't matter to him . I kept trying not to puke on their bed while they were doing it . It was pretty brutal . I said no 50 fucking times , but they are n't listening . And it was really horrible the way they were doing it , ” they said .
In March we reported that Victim A had sent a letter to LAPD Chief Charlie Beck with specific complaints about how long it was taking for witnesses to be interviewed .
Eight months later , our understanding is that the LAPD replaced the original detective and the investigation did pick up speed , and that the case is now with the Los Angeles District Attorney 's office , waiting for a decision whether or not to file charges .
In the meantime Hollywood has been rocked by a series of allegations after producer Harvey Weinstein was accused by numerous actores in stories that broke in the New York Times and The New Yorker last month . Since then , allegations have been leveled at directors James Toback and Brett Ratner , and actors Jeremy Piven and Dustin Hoffman , as well as magician David Blaine .
Rape allegations against Weinstein are reportedly being investigated by law enforcement .
But in the case of Masterson , our understanding is that the police work is finished . And we have to wonder , when will the DA 's office make up its mind ?
Danny Masterson is mostly known for their part as Steven Hyde on That '70s Show , which ran from 1998 to 2006 , and for helping to get one of their costars , Laura Prepon , into Scientology . Masterson themselves grew up in Scientology and was doing television commercials by a very young age .
Like most Scientology celebrities , they rarely talk about their involvement in the church , but then suddenly they talked about it rather openly in 2015 to Paper magazine . “ I 've never been given a hard time my entire life about my belief system or my philosophy in life . Literally never once in 38 years , ” they said . “ If people start like asking questions in a way where I feel like they have an ulterior motive , I 'm just like , ‘ Dude , just go buy a fucking book and read it and decide for your fucking self what it means'….I work , I have a family and I 'm a spiritual being who likes to understand why things happen in the world and want to learn more so that I can have them not affect me adversely . So if that 's weird , then , well , you can go fuck yourself . ”
While the LAPD 's investigation of Masterson was going on , news emerged that their wife , Bijou Phillips — the Almost Famous actor and daughter of musician John Phillips — needed a kidney transplant , which they received on April 7 .
Bijou 's second film , 1999 's Black and White , was directed by James Toback . At the time , they were dating magician David Blaine .
——————–
——————–
Posted by Tony Ortega on November 1 , 2017 at 17:10
E-mail tips and story ideas to tonyo94 AT gmail DOT com or follow us on Twitter . We post behind-the-scenes updates at our Facebook author page . After every new story we send out an alert to our e-mail list and our FB page .
Our book , The Unbreakable Miss Lovely : How the Church of Scientology tried to destroy Paulette Cooper , is on sale at Amazon in paperback , Kindle , and audiobook versions . We 've posted photographs of Paulette and scenes from their life at a separate location . Reader Sookie put together a complete index . More information can also be found at the book 's dedicated page .
The Best of the Underground Bunker , 1995-2016 Just starting out here ? We 've picked out the most important stories we 've covered here at the Undergound Bunker ( 2012-2016 ) , The Village Voice ( 2008-2012 ) , New Times Los Angeles ( 1999-2002 ) and the Phoenix New Times ( 1995-1999 )
Learn about Scientology with our numerous series with experts…
BLOGGING DIANETICS : We read Scientology 's founding text cover to cover with the help of L.A. attorney and former church member Vance Woodward
UP THE BRIDGE : Claire Headley and Bruce Hines train us as Scientologists
GETTING OUR ETHICS IN : Jefferson Hawkins explains Scientology 's system of justice
SCIENTOLOGY MYTHBUSTING : Historian Jon Atack discusses key Scientology concepts
Other links : Shelly Miscavige , ten years gone | The Lisa McPherson story told in real time | The Cathriona White stories | The Leah Remini ‘ Knowledge Reports ' | Hear audio of a Scientology excommunication | Scientology 's little day care of horrors | Whatever happened to Steve Fishman ? | Felony charges for Scientology 's drug rehab scam | Why Scientology digs bomb-proof vaults in the desert | PZ Myers reads L. Ron Hubbard 's “ A History of Man ” | Scientology 's Master Spies | Scientology 's Private Dancer | The mystery of the richest Scientologist and their wayward sons | Scientology 's shocking mistreatment of the mentally ill | Scientology boasts about assistance from Google | The Underground Bunker 's Official Theme Song | The Underground Bunker FAQ
Our Guide to Alex Gibney 's film ‘ Going Clear , ' and our pages about its principal figures…
Jason Beghe | Tom DeVocht | Sara Goldberg | Paul Haggis | Mark “ Marty ” Rathbun | Mike Rinder | Spanky Taylor | Hana Whitfield
One of the things that makes iOS special is its SpringBoard animations . The animations help orient the user around iOS using 3D space .
But not everyone is a fan of iOS ' animations — some for purely aesthetic reasons and others for health reasons . With this in mind , Apple has provided a way to reduce the animations using the Reduce Motion switch found in the Accessibility settings . Even with that option available , some wish to take the reduction of animations even further and disable them altogether .
Up until now , many of the available options for disabling animations relied on jailbreaking . But a new iOS glitch found by a redditor makes it possible to completely get rid of SpringBoard animations until you reboot your iPhone . Watch our step-by-step video walkthrough inside to see how .
Synology RT2600ac : The AirPort Extreme replacement .
How to do disable animations without jailbreaking
Step 1 : Open Settings → General → Accessibility → Assistive Touch and enable the Assistive Touch switch .
Step 2 : Go to the Home screen and drag the Assistive Touch nub to the bottom right-hand corner of the screen .
Step 3 : Invoke Spotlight search by swiping down on the Home screen . When the Assistive Touch nub rests above the keyboard , tap the screen to dismiss Spotlight . If you time Spotlight to dismiss as soon as the nub goes above the keyboard , you 'll notice Spotlight 's interface speed up , indicating that the glitch is now active .
Step 4 : Try launching any app to see if the animations are gone . If not , repeat Step 3 until it works . Some suggest that you should try ~20 times , but I was able to make it work almost immediately .
Step 5 : Disable the Assistive Touch switch enabled in Step 1 .
Video walkthrough
The animations will be disabled until you reboot your iPhone . In the video above , I used an iPhone 6s running iOS 9.3b6 . I 've also tested it on an iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 9.0.2 , an iPhone 5s running iOS 9.2 , and an iPad Pro running iOS 9.3b6 .
Be sure to watch our video walkthrough above for a full step-by-step tutorial on disabling SpringBoard animations without jailbreaking .
news Shadow Treasurer Joe Hockey has continued to publicly repeat a factually inaccurate statement regarding the accounting treatment of the National Broadband Network funding as a capital investment , maintaining that the funding should be treated as an expense , despite direct evidence to the contrary , including the acknowledgement of fellow Liberal MP Malcolm Turnbull .
Over the past several years , a number of senior Liberal figures , including Abbott , Hockey , Finance Spokesperson Andrew Robb and Turnbull themselves have repeatedly claimed that the tens of billions of dollars the Federal Government is investing in its NBN project should be classified as an expense under the Federal Budget . Several of these same figures have argued that because of this , the NBN 's funding could be more appropriate allocated to other types of public infrastructure such as roads , instead of spending it on an NBN project which the Coalition has largely seen as expensive and unnecessary . It is this argument which Hockey continued to make this week .
In a new interview on ABC television on Tuesday morning ( available in full online ) , Hockey repeated the incorrect statement . Speaking about the Government 's Mid-Year Economic and Fiscal Outlook ( MYEFO ) delivered by Treasurer Wayne Swan this week , Hockey said : “ He is trying to pretend they are delivering a surplus which is going to reduce the debt burden on the Commonwealth budget . ”
“ The fact is that the Commonwealth Government is going to borrow money , and yet they 're trying to pretend they 're having a surplus . For example , they 're borrowing off-budget for the National Broadband Network . They 're borrowing off-budget for a clean energy finance corporation . Normally these initiatives are on the budget , therefore it 'd be a significant deficit . ”
Hockey made similar comments earlier this week in a similar statement on the MYEFO . “ Once again , Labor tries to con Australians with yet more money shuffles , Hockey said , slamming the Federal Government 's decision to introduce monthly PAYG tax for large companies . “ Without these changes , Labor 's promised Budget surplus in 2013-14 , an election year , would not be a surplus , but a deficit of over $ 3 billion . ”
“ This money shuffle is on top of at least $ 10 billion of money shuffles for the current financial year , when the Government is also keeping almost $ 6 billion of NBN spending ‘ off budget ' . Without these accounting tricks , Labor 's almost invisible $ 1 billion surplus for this year would be a deficit of $ 15 billion or more. ” The comments came just a day after Opposition Leader Tony Abbott separately said a Coalition Government would “ pause ” the NBN project and save money in the Federal Budget by doing so .
However , the Coalition is believed to have been factually incorrect in its claims that the NBN funding should be included on the Federal Budget as an expense and could thus be cut to save money . Most of the funding for the NBN does not appear in the Budget , as , according to accounting standards , it is not an expense as generally understood , but is actually a capital investment expected to generate ( according to its corporate plan ) a modest return of 7.1 percent on the Government 's investment , over the period through to 2030 .
According to a research note published last year by the Parliamentary Library of Australia , Labor is technically correct on this matter , and the Coalition is wrong . “ Australia has adopted internationally accepted accounting standards , and these are applied in the budget treatment of the NBN , ” the library 's Brian Dalzell , who works in its economics division , wrote in the report .
In addition , Shadow Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull himself , who oversees the NBN issue for the Coalition , has recently acknowledged that the NBN budget treatment is correct . In early September , facing substantial criticism on the issue from the Government and industry commentators , in a small note published at the end of a lengthy response to a critique of the Coalition 's rival NBN policy by Business Spectator , Turnbull appeared to acknowledge the correctness of the NBN budget treatment . “ Under the accounting rules the expenditure on the NBN does not count towards the budget outcome – so much deficit or surplus – but it is cash – real money – nonetheless and it does add to the debt burden of Australians , ” Turnbull said at the time . Turnbull 's statement is partially true ; the NBN does add to the Government 's debt burden , but only in the short to medium term , not the long term ; as that debt will be paid back by NBN Co under current projections .
This morning Delimiter contacted Hockey 's office and highlighted the error , pointing out that industry commentators ( including specialists from the accounting profession ) , the Parliamentary Library , the history of Federal Government capital investment and Turnbull themselves had acknowledged the correctness of the budget treatment of the NBN . However , despite the evidence , a spokesperson for Hockey 's office said it was the Shadow Treasurer 's view that the NBN budget treatment was incorrect . They declined to provide evidence for Hockey 's claim , highlighting only previous speeches given by Hockey in the area , which do not provide evidence for Hockey 's statement with regard to the NBN .
Hockey 's comments come as the latest in a long line of inaccurate and misleading statements the Shadow Treasurer has made about the NBN project . Earlier this month , for example , Hockey claimed the National Broadband Network could cost as much as $ 100 billion to build , despite the company 's own estimates showing that it will require around $ 37 billion of capital injection from the Government and eventually make a return , paying back the investment with some profit on top . In June , in another example , Hockey inaccurately claimed that 4G mobile broadband had the potential to be “ far superior ” to the fibre technology of the NBN .
opinion/analysis
I 'm sorry , Mr Hockey , but you are simply wrong on this one , and I will continue to point this out until you stop making false statements about the NBN in public . You can not change facts of accounting standards simply by virtue of your opinion alone . As I wrote yesterday :
“ I 'd say we have a fairly serious situation if the Shadow Treasurer can not tell the difference between a capital investment and an expense . Would n't you ? I 'm only a small business owner who almost failed Accounting 1A at university , but even I know the difference between the two . I am tired of writing about this issue . When even Malcolm Turnbull has acknowledged that the Government 's accounting treatment of the NBN is correct , why does Joe Hockey continue to make factually incorrect statements on this issue ? ”
Image credit : Office of Joe Hockey
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US Republican John Boehner outlines the deal
House of Representatives Republican Speaker John Boehner has agreed to accept a bipartisan deal to extend a payroll tax cut , in an abrupt U-turn .
They had refused a vote on the bill , which was passed by Republicans and Democrats in the Senate last Saturday .
Correspondents say the move amounts to a cave-in by House Republicans , and victory for President Barack Obama .
The tax break is due to expire on 31 December , and would hit the pay slips of some 160 million American workers .
The measure saves about $ 1,000 ( £638 ) each year for an average US income .
Muted conference call
It was a rare retreat for Republicans , who since gaining control of the House in the 2010 's mid-term elections have wrung a string of concessions from the White House .
2011 : Year of deadlock on Capitol Hill April : 11th-hour deal averts government shutdown July : US avoids debt default by raising debt ceiling after weeks of brinkmanship September : Republican demands to offset aid for victims of natural disasters threaten shutdown November : Super-committee fails to agree on new spending cuts December : Amid the payroll tax dispute , another government shutdown avoided Q & A : US payroll tax cuts
Conservatives were initially sceptical about extending the payroll tax break , which economists say would aid US economic recovery .
But as Republicans demurred over the $ 120bn ( £76bn ) cost of the plan , Democrats had accused them of backing tax cuts only for the wealthiest Americans .
Correspondents say Mr Boehner 's climbdown reflects a realisation in their party that it would have faced blame for an effective tax rise on US workers in a general election year .
Under the compromise , House Republicans came away with face-saving language on making the package more friendly to small businesses .
And Senate Democrats will appoint negotiators to work out the year-long deal that was demanded by House Republicans and originally by Mr Obama .
Key elements of the two-month Senate bill include extending the tax cut and unemployment benefits .
A Republican-backed clause also remains , forcing Mr Obama to make a politically awkward decision on the controversial Keystone XL oil pipeline within 60 days .
The new deal is expected to be put to the Senate and House on Friday . The House plans to hold a voice vote , which requires only a few members to be present .
Mr Boehner told Republican rank-and-file members about Thursday 's agreement in a muted conference call , where they could not ask questions .
A similar call last weekend prompted a revolt from Tea Party opponents of the bipartisan deal , prompting this week 's political showdown .
`` We were here fighting for the right thing , '' Mr Boehner told a news conference , when asked if they had caved . `` It may have not been politically the smartest thing to do . ''
Republican divisions exposed
President Obama , who with their Democratic allies has kept up relentless pressure on Republicans this week , welcomed the breakthrough .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama : `` I am ready to sign a compromise ''
`` This is good news , just in time for the holidays , '' they said in a written statement . `` This is the right thing to do to strengthen our families , grow our economy and create new jobs . ''
Earlier in the day , the president read out messages at a news conference from voters who said the package would help them pay their heating bills , visit elderly relatives and treat their families to pizza dinners .
Mr Obama has postponed a family vacation in Hawaii due to the impasse .
Unlike other budget stand-offs this year , this one has exposed Republican divisions .
`` An 'all or nothing ' attitude is not what my constituents need now , '' Representative Rick Crawford , from Arkansas , wrote to Mr Boehner on Thursday .
The lawmaker 's letter came two days after they published a statement against the two-month extension .
Also on Thursday , Senate Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell broke their silence on the issue to urge their House colleagues to pass the measure .
Other Republican senators have spoken out this week against their counterparts , too .
The Wall Street Journal 's conservative editorial on Wednesday labelled the episode a `` fiasco '' that could end up re-electing Mr Obama .
The president 's approval ratings have risen in several recent polls to nearly 50 % , up from the low 40s in previous months .
Andrew F. Smith Oxford University Press , USA , 2007 - 693 pages , 2007 - Cooking 0 Reviews Offering a panoramic view of the history and culture of food and drink in America with fascinating entries on everything from the smell of asparagus to the history of White Castle , and the origin of Bloody Marys to jambalaya , the Oxford Companion to American Food and Drink provides a concise , authoritative , and exuberant look at this modern American obsession . Ideal for the food scholar and food enthusiast alike , it is equally appetizing for anyone fascinated by Americana , capturing our culture and history through what we love most -- food ! Building on the highly praised and deliciously browseable two-volume compendium the Oxford Encyclopedia of Food and Drink in America , this new work serves up everything you could ever want to know about American consumables and their impact on popular culture and the culinary world . Within its pages for example , we learn that Lifesavers candy owes its success to the canny marketing idea of placing the original flavor , mint , next to cash registers at bars . Patrons who bought them to mask the smell of alcohol on their breath before heading home soon found they were just as tasty sober and the company began producing other flavors.Edited by Andrew Smith , a writer and lecturer on culinary history , the Companion serves up more than just trivia however , including hundreds of entries on fast food , celebrity chefs , fish , sandwiches , regional and ethnic cuisine , food science , and historical food traditions . It also dispels a few commonly held myths . Veganism , is n't simply the practice of a few `` hippies , '' but is in fact wide-spread among elite athletic circles . Many of the top competitors in the Ironman and Ultramarathon events go even further , avoiding all animal products by following a strictly vegan diet . Anyone hungering to know what our nation has been cooking and eating for the last three centuries should own the Oxford Companion to American Food and Drink .
DT Nearly 1,000 articles on American food and drink , from the curious to the commonplace
DT Beautifully illustrated with hundreds of historical photographs and color images
DT Includes informative lists of food websites , museums , organizations , and festivals Preview this book »
Even as the administration floundered over replacing ObamaCare , the proposed tax reforms have unwittingly kicked off the reinvention of the delivery of health care , a movement with which government would n't normally have been involved .
The biggest change under consideration in the tax code as it relates to health care is getting rid of the mandate to buy health insurance . This opens up the possibility for innovation — most notably , in a return or and expansion of health savings accounts ( HSAs ) and health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ) . The tax reforms will foster more of these types of combinations and innovations .
Here are the key ways I see tax reform affecting health care :
Health savings accounts ( HSAs ) will become a permanent part of the healthcare structure
There 'll be a rise of patient-centered care through accountable care organizations ( ACOs ) that emphasize patient outcomes
We 'll see a decentralization of patient services from regional hospitals to small local outlets
The market will open up to association group plans and the selling of health insurance across state lines
How are these tax reforms managing to touch off the tinderbox of massive insurance reform , even when bureaucrats proved unable to undo the ACA ?
ADVERTISEMENT
The insurance industry has for some time been blending with the financial services industry — this is playing out in mergers of banks with big insurance carriers , insurance companies opening their own savings and loan companies — for example , Mutual of Omaha . They 've been trying to consolidate control of the money flows associated with people 's insurance spend and savings .
Now what we 're seeing is a different kind of merger that is moving insurance toward lowering the cost of healthcare . The proposed acquisition of CVS by Aetna is the first large-scale example of a movement within healthcare over the past decade to embrace patient-centered healthcare .
Patient-centered healthcare is almost an oxymoron , in terms of how healthcare is currently managed and delivered . But the concept behind it is fairly well grounded , and has given rise to accountable care organizations ( ACOs ) . ACOs have been experimenting with ways to improve the delivery of healthcare that the fee-for-service model has never been able to — notably by fixing the lack of incentives for providers to offer successful outcomes . The old fee-for-service model is designed around managing the patient , but not necessarily managing the patient outcome . It is , in short , a top-down approach . ACOs , on the other hand , take a bottom-up approach , wherein a successful patient outcome is the goal .
What CVS and Aetna understood is that the fee-for-service model poses a major constraint on delivering healthcare services in a distributed business model that is designed around patient outcomes . The ACO approach , on the other hand , is to focus on the patient , developing the team of providers that will deliver the best outcome for the patient .
For example , if a patient needs to have a knee joint replaced , the ACO will assemble the team that will work with the patient from the surgery all the way to “ back to normal. ” In the CVS model , the first step in this process is to determine the location of the services to be provided . Historically , the location of providers has played a big part in poor outcomes . Often patients might have to drive 40 miles or more to a hospital or other facility that could deliver care , including initial treatment , follow-up treatment , etc . People would often miss their appointments , and it was n't helping them get better .
What ACOs have found is that the location of the service is one of the most important aspects of delivering healthcare . The current centralized model has the hospital as the central management point for the patient . It does n't matter if the hospital is 40 miles from the patient 's home .
The decentralized approach that a move such as CVS/Aetna would create is delivering most of the healthcare for that knee replacement right in the store location that 's just a couple of miles away from the patient . At that particular location , the facility would have pharmacists , physical therapists , counselors , and others who would manage the care that the patient receives .
The goal of the team is to have a satisfactory outcome : no hospital readmissions , no duplicative medications , no missed appointments , no post-hospitalization infections , no missed medications , and finally , clear communications between the delivery team and the patient .
This model recognizes that medical service does n't necessarily have to be delivered in a medical center — it could be in this “ Doc in a Box ” format , as in a local store . ACOs have proven that they can deliver lower-cost , high quality healthcare ; and the CVS/Aetna model recognizes that the old monolithic delivery model has to change and adapt to true patient-centered healthcare . This is a reinvention of the staffing model and pay-for-service , to effect a change from pay-for-outcome to pay-for-service , wherein it 's no longer simply fee-based .
The new tax code will incentivize industry behavior toward this new model . And what this will ultimately do for healthcare is to lower the cost . People will be getting back to health savings accounts ( HSAs ) and health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ) — and the tax reforms will also foster more of these types of combinations and innovations .
My analysis is that the proposed changes , particularly around abolishing the mandate , will encourage HSAs and HMOs — there will be more of them , and more ways for insurance companies to get in and manage that money . From a tax standpoint , if a person has an HSA , they can invest it . So managing your HSA money , in the same way as managing your retirement accounts , becomes a service that the new insurance-financial services entities will be able to provide .
In short , this “ creative destruction ” caused by the proposed tax reforms will lead to decentralization of healthcare services , and ultimately , we hope , to better patient outcomes . Making health savings accounts a permanent part of the healthcare structure , and breaking up end-to-end care into more localized , bite-sized pieces , could lead to an unusual , if unintended outcome : a tax code that helps reform healthcare — not bureaucracies .
John Sarich is an insurance industry analyst and VP of Strategy at VUE Software . They are a senior solutions architect , strategic consultant and business advisor with over 25 years of insurance industry experience .
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt does a television interview at the U.S. Capitol on Feb. 27 . Mark Wilson/Getty Images
This story originally appeared in the New Republic and is republished here with permission through Climate Desk .
Scott Pruitt is gearing up to tell a crew of coal miners how the Trump administration is going to make coal mining great again . According to a press release , the Environmental Protection Agency administrator is visiting a mine in western Pennsylvania on Thursday , where they will talk about Trump 's executive order on climate change , which placed “ unnecessary burdens on coal miners and coal-fired electric utilities , ” and about the agency 's “ Back-to-Basics ” agenda , which “ refocuses the EPA on protecting the environment , promoting economic and job growth , and returning power to the states . ”
Harvey Mine is an obvious choice for Pruitt 's speech . Owned by the 153-year-old energy company Consol Energy , it 's part of the Bailey Mine Complex , the largest underground mine in North America . Bailey , which began operations in 1984 , is located in Washington and Greene counties , huge coal communities that together employ 7,350 people in the coal industry , about 2,000 of them at Bailey alone . The Harvey Mine , specifically , began operating in 2014 , bucking the national trends that show far more coal mines closing than opening .
Pruitt might point to the Harvey Mine as evidence of coal mining 's bright future . But a closer look at the Bailey complex shows it 's hardly a shining example of profitable , environmentally friendly coal mining . Last year , the EPA and the Department of Justice fined Consol $ 3 million for discharging contaminated wastewater from the Bailey complex into tributaries of the Ohio River , which provides drinking water for approximately 3 million people . In addition , all three mines in the complex have racked up millions of dollars in Mine Safety and Health Administration violations—particularly the Enlow Fork Mine , which has been hit with more than $ 3 million in fines recommended by MSHA since 2006 .
Granted , it would be a challenge to find an American mining operation that has n't broken environmental laws or struggled financially over its lifetime . But Harvey Mine is a bad symbolic choice for yet another reason : It 's owned by a company that wants to get out of the coal mining business all together .
Consol has been mining coal in Appalachia since 1864 , and as recently as five years ago the company was the fifth-largest coal producer in the country . But in late 2013 it sold five of its West Virginia coal mines to focus on growing its natural gas business . In 2016 , Consol paid another company $ 44 million to take over its last two coal mines in West Virginia . A Consol spokesperson said at the time that the deal “ represents the final piece of our coal divestment strategy ” in Central Appalachia .
Today , the Bailey complex is Consol 's only remaining coal interest—and in January , the company announced its intention to sell or spin off that as well for similar reasons . A Consol spokesperson did n't respond to my request to confirm whether that 's still their intention , but in March the company told Bloomberg News that it was working with two financial firms , Credit Suisse and Bank of America , to find potential buyers . A recent public security filing from CNX Coal Resources—a Consol spin-off company that runs the Bailey complex—also confirmed that Consol has a “ desire to divest ” from the facility .
EPA critics might argue that the only reason Consol is trying to get out of the coal business is because of the burdensome environmental regulations that the Trump administration wants to repeal . But Consol 's own CEO , Nicholas Deiuliis , said in December that market demand is driving the company away from coal . As Bloomberg reported :
[ Deiuliis ] acknowledged that a relaxation of regulations on mining and carbon emissions under the Trump administration would help coal . But not enough to persuade Consol to stay in it . If anything , the optimism injected into the coal sector by the election result and the re-emergence of large miners from bankruptcy … simply provides a window to offload the business .
Everyone but the Trump administration , and certain Republicans , accepts that coal is dying . And the most convincing evidence comes from coal companies themselves . In public securities filings , CNX acknowledges the massive decline in coal consumption in America , which it attributes to “ general economic conditions , ” “ indirect competition ” from renewable energy and natural gas , “ energy conservation efforts , ” and government regulation . Loosening a few EPA rules wo n't suddenly make coal more profitable than gas , and it certainly wo n't make it cleaner . Even the owners and operators of the Harvey Mine admit as much . Maybe they should be giving Pruitt a speech , rather than the other way around .
The Times at midnight :
Grenfell Tower refurbishers would have needed less than £5,000 to upgrade the building 's external panels to a fire-resistant version thought not to have been used , The Times can reveal . Hundreds of aluminium panels , known as Reynobond , were installed on the 230ft west London property in a £8.6 million refurbishment . Witnesses described the building 's cladding , made up of the panels and an insulating underlayer , as going up like a “ matchstick ” . Reynobond offers three types of panel : a standard one with a polyethylene core ( PE ) and two with fire resistant or “ non combustible ” cores . Grenfell Tower had reportedly been fitted with the cheaper PE version .
Well it was council flats you know . Not for People Like Us . No sense wasting £5,000 just for fire safety .
Firefighters have stopped looking for bodies because they 're worried the building might collapse .
The Labour MP David Lammy has called the Grenfell Tower blaze “ corporate manslaughter ” as police announced the number of dead had risen to 17 and warned it would rise further during a painstaking search of the remains of the building . … Lammy , the Labour MP for Tottenham , whose friend Khadija Saye and their mother , Mary Mendy , lived on the 20th floor of Grenfell Tower and were missing , gave a voice to the growing anger in the community . “ This is the richest borough in our country treating its citizens in this way and we should call it what it is . It is corporate manslaughter . And there should be arrests made ; frankly , it is an outrage , ” they said .
An easy walk from Kensington Palace .
Today , a Washington Post/ NBC News/Marist poll shows support for Initiative 71 , which would legalize marijuana , at 65 % among likely D.C. voters . Initiative 71 allows adults over the age of 21 to possess up to two ounces of marijuana on their person at any time , and allows for the cultivation of up to six marijuana plants at home . District law prevents the ballot initiative from addressing the sale of marijuana . However , the D.C. Council is currently considering a bill which will tax and regulate marijuana within the District .
“ D.C . voters want to take marijuana completely out the criminal justice system and refocus police priorities , ” said Dr. Malik Burnett , D.C. Policy Manager for the Drug Policy Alliance . “ Voters are relating to the message that legalization will end D.C. 's rampant discrimination when it comes marijuana enforcement . ”
D.C. has decriminalized marijuana , replacing criminal penalties with a $ 25 fine . However , data from the Metropolitan Police Department shows that 77 % of all tickets have been issued in communities of color .
“ This is the highest support ever for a marijuana legalization ballot initiative , ” said Adam Eidinger , Chair of D.C. Cannabis Campaign . “ It vindicates the work of this campaign so far , but we still have more work to do turning out the vote come election day . ”
Queensland government wants sediment from Abbot Point development to be dumped on land instead , report says
The deputy premier of Queensland , Jeff Seeney , will put a plan to state cabinet that would reverse the decision to dump sediment from the Abbot Point coal port development on the Great Barrier Reef , disposing of it on land instead , according to a report .
Seeney told the Weekend Australian they would then seek a meeting with the federal environment minister , Greg Hunt , to gain Canberra 's approval for the land-based solution .
As reported by the Guardian this week , it is understood that the proponents , North Queensland Bulk Ports , GVK Hancock and Adani Group , have been planning to lodge an alternative plan to avoid dumping sediment on the reef .
Hunt has already approved a plan to dredge 3m cubic metres , equivalent to 5m tonnes , of seabed in order to expand Abbot Point for an increase in coal exports . A proposal to dump the sediment within the reef 's marine park has also been approved by Hunt , although an exact site has yet to be identified .
Environmentalists have fiercely opposed the dumping , claiming it will damage the fragile coral and seagrass ecosystem . It has emerged that scientists at the Great Barrier Reef marine park authority warned against dumping in the marine park , only to be overruled .
Seeney told the Weekend Australian : “ We believe dumping at sea is environmentally the worst ­option .
“ We have a solution to put to the federal government that can be approved in time for the beginning of the dredging that has been planned . ”
Seeney claimed the Newman government had started working on a solution to avoid dumping the material at sea since soon after it won office in March 2012 .
A recent study suggests that coral disease is doubled when dredging occurs near reefs , although supporters of the dredging have repeatedly insisted it can be done safely and that the Abbot Point sediment will be dumped around 40km from the nearest reef .
It is understood that the port 's developers have been considering land-based disposal for some time and have identified a new site that was previously not available .
A spokesperson for Adani , which will also be creating the enormous Carmichael mine in central Queensland to provide coal for export , has previously said : “ We 've long said that disposal options will adhere to the best practice and the best science , based on advice from technical experts and approving authorities .
“ We are committed to ensuring the best options are in place to ensure this project is achieved , together with the best possible environmental outcomes . ”
A recent report by the Great Barrier Reef marine park authority warned that the reef was in poor condition and was likely to deteriorate , with climate change and pollution cited as the key threats .
The Queensland government reportedly hopes the turnaround will persuade Unesco not to list the Great Barrier Reef as in danger .
The Australian also reported the state government intended to remove the state-owned authority overseeing the coal port expansion , North Queensland Bulk Ports .
by Ana Reinert
Left-handed writers face some challenges when writing , but I do n't think fountain pens make it worse . If anything , I 've found that my handwriting looks better and I have fewer issues with smudging when I use fountain pens . There are lots of factors that can affect how a fountain pen performs for a left-handed writer but any lefty can use a fountain pen .
First , I want to dispel any notion that left-handed writers need a special nib or brand of fountain pen . Totally UNTRUE . I have used dozens of fountain pens , from as many brands , and they all write for me with no real issues other than purely aesthetic one .
The big issues for lefties being stem from the fact that we write from left to right , often dragging our hand through what we have just written . Some lefties compensate for this by trying to angle their hand above the line they are writing , often called overwriters or “ writing with a hook ” ( I fall into this camp ) . The other method is to write below the line , mirroring our right-handed friends , which is referred to as “ underwriting. ” Often times , underwriters have fewer issues adapting to fountain pens than overwriters .
Both writing styles tend to put the writing hand into the fresh ink the moment a word is written . So , ink smear is a big concern . When choosing a fountain pen , consider whether you often smear your writing when using a ballpoint , rollerball or pencil . Does the ball of your hand often have telltale ink or graphite smudges ? If so , then you will definitely want to consider a quick-drying ink like Noodler 's Bernake line . Also , a finer nibbed fountain pen might help since it will not lay down as much ink as a wider nib will . Paper selection will also play a role in how quickly ink will dry . Papers noted for their “ fountain pen friendliness ” are also notorious for taking longer for ink to dry since the ink sits up on the paper and does not soak in . That means your writing wo n't feather or bleed until you stick your sleeve into it .
There is no one-way to eliminate the smearing issue but knowing what to troubleshoot can help . If you have dreams of using a broad stub nib on Tomoe River paper , you may want to invest heavily on quick-dry inks .
Because of the left-to-right motion when writing , left-handed writers are often pushing the pen rather than puling it . This can inhibit ink flow in some pens– fountain pen , ballpoint or otherwise . Very fine needle tip fountain pens , like the Japanese extra-fine nibs or custom “ needle tip ” grinds can be difficult for some lefties . If you prefer a super fine line , I recommend that you try a pen first , before buying it , and be sure to sit and write a sentence or two in your natural writing position to be sure you do n't have any issues with ink flow .
Ink flow problems can be exacerbated if you press down hard on your pen . All fountain pen users learn that a light touch ( unless we are talking about flex nibs , but I 'll get into that in a minute ) is best but its particularly true for lefties .
If you are hoping to use a broad calligraphy or stub nib , positioning of the pen on the paper may present some issues for some left-handed writers . I frequently use a 1.1mm stub nib and a smaller 0.6mm stub with no issues . For me , though , wider nibs are an issue as I have difficulty making consistent contact with the paper from my overhanded position . Partly this has to do with pushing the pen , rather than pulling so the ink does not flow as consistently . Also , the wide flat nib is difficult to keep in constant contact with the paper from the left-handed direction . And finally , because of the different angle to the paper , our approach to drawing each character and how we put the pen on the paper , the thicks and thins that become noticeable with a broad stub/italic nib might be in the opposite place . The best test for this is to grab a chisel-tip marker , like a highlighter , and try writing with it . If your writing looks strange , you may want to give the traditional wide stub/italic nibs a pass . If your writing looks okay some of the time , but at others , the pen does n't seem to be making consistent contact with the paper , you may be a good candidate for a custom ground stub/italic that is angled for a left-handed writer . A left-handed stub/italic nib will be tapered down to the left to make more consistent contact with the paper . These left-handed nibs wo n't work for all left-handed writers as it depends entirely on your writing angle .
Flexible nibs can present a similar problem . Flex nibs are designed to create line variation as you write which works great if you are most often pulling the pen . If you are pushing the pen , the springy quality of the nib will not be on display . If you are a heavy handed writer , the flex in the nib will make it even easier to strangle the ink flow on up strokes which can potentially damage the nib but will , more often , cause the pen to splatter ink as it springs back . If flexible nibs are interesting to you , before investing in a Namiki Falcon or a vintage “ Wet noodle ” , I recommend experimenting with flexible dip nibs . A holder is usually about $ 5 and nibs are a couple dollars each and available at most art supply stores . Or an inexpensive flex nib like the Noodler 's Creaper/Ahab .
The last issue I want to address is the grip area on the pen . Often mentioned as a great “ starter ” fountain pen , the Lamy Safari/AL-Star features a molded plastic grip intended to help writers angle the nib properly . Most right handed folks love this because it makes it mostly foolproof . Left-handed writers are less enthusiastic about this pen because the “ proper angle ” can be less-than-perfect for some left-handed writers . Often , left-handed writers ignore the grip and hold the pen in such a way as to get the best and most consistent ink flow which means that the grip will cut into their middle finger or thumb . This is the only reason I do n't recommend the Lamy Safari/Al-Star as frequently as other bloggers . Lamy nibs are awesome and if you are ready to invest in a fountain pen over $ 50 , I have plenty of Lamys I can recommend .
Retractable fountain pens like the Pilot Vanishing Point can also be less-than-comfortable for left-handed writers ( and some right-handed writers , for that matter ) . In order to get the proper grip and angle on a retractable fountain pen , some left-handers have to grip over the clip which is not ideal.I prefer a consistent grip barrel , be it smooth or ridged , which allows me to twist or angle the pen as needed for the best writing results without poking my hand unnecessarily . Grip issues are not a make-or-break issue but for long term comfort , pens with molded grips or clips may not be your go-to favorites .
If you can , try to borrow or test drive a pen before you buy it . If that is not an option , find out what the company or web site 's return policy is . If they does not accept a pen return if its been inked up , try dipping the pen in water to get a feel for how it writes .
I hope this helps . More than anything I hope more left-handed writers feel like fountain pens can be an option for them as much as anyone . If you have more questions , please feel free to email me directly or contact me on Twitter or App.net
Resources :
Ana Reinert is The Chair at The Well-Appointed Desk , a blog dedicated to paper , pens , office supplies and a beautiful place to work . To the pay the bills , they work in a beige cubicle at Hallmark Cards designing greeting cards and drawing typefaces and lettering , dreaming of a better workspace
Human rights groups say Syrian security forces used “ heavy fire ” against anti-government protesters in the city of Homs overnight . Amateur video posted on the internet purports to show events unfolding as the authorities tried to disperse the crowd .
Thousands of people had gathered for a sit-in in a central area activists have reportedly named “ Tahrir Square ” , inspired by the uprising in Cairo . The demonstrators are demanding political freedom , the release of prisoners and an end to arrests .
The Syrian interior ministry has described the wave of unrest in Deraa , Homs and other cities as an armed insurrection . The authorities say gangs and extremist Salafist Muslim organisations are behind it .
Other pictures on the internet reportedly show a new demonstration in Homs on Tuesday morning , suggesting that protesters have not been deterred by the attempted clampdown .
Although the authorities have promised to scrap emergency laws , they have also warned that “ terrorist activities ” will not be tolerated .
Government supporters have also been making themselves heard . At a funeral procession in Homs on Monday , crowds carried portraits of President al-Assad and chanted pro-government slogans .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Police are looking for a violent thief with a taste for trousers .
They say two men approached two other men in downtown Halifax ( around Prince and Argyle streets ) just after midnight and began punching them .
Investigators say one of the assailants demanded that one of the victims hand over their jeans , however , the two fled the scene without the trousers .
`` I think the pants were the focus of the robbery , '' said Const . Dianne Woodworth of Halifax police . `` In my almost 10 years , it 's nothing I 've heard of . It does n't mean it has n't happened , but it definitely piqued my interest this morning . ''
A 26-year-old Bridgewater , N.S. , man was arrested in the area a short time later and is due in court , but the second suspect remains at large .
Paramedics treated the two victims for minor injuries .
“ He was an essential player because they spoke to me a great deal , and they liked to understand the practices , the whys and wherefores . ”
Jose Mourinho would go on to describe Costinha as “ a vital player ” , one who “ would convey my ideas on the pitch ” as they stood on the touchline . “ Costinha would basically be my ‘ assistant coach ' . ”
They say you never forget your first . The Portuguese was speaking in late 2004 at the beginning of their rise to prominence , but success has not changed him ; their love for a defensive midfielder remains as strong as ever .
At Porto it was Costinha . At Chelsea it was Claude Makelele , their “ tactical leader ” . At Inter Milan it was Esteban Cambiasso , “ one of the fastest players I have ever coached ” , but only “ where speed is needed most ” . At Real Madrid it was Xabi Alonso , “ a coach when they are on the field ” . Each were “ strong ” , each were “ stable ” , and each were the pivot around which Mourinho built their most dominant sides .
The Portuguese has afforded space in their little black book for a select few players ; only once has they sought to relight the flame of a previously prosperous relationship . Nemanja Matic was the calming influence as Chelsea returned the Premier League title to Stamford Bridge in 2015 . Eden Hazard , Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas were a holy trinity of attacking craft , guile and brutality , but Matic was the insurance . No teammate made more than their 3.6 tackles , 2.2 dribbles or two interceptions per game that season .
“ When I joined Manchester United last year , I thought immediately that we needed a kind of Matic , ” Mourinho said in the summer of 2017 , 12 months after their appointment as manager . “ Nemanja is a Manchester United player and a Jose Mourinho player . ”
So it has proved . No United player has made more tackles ( 14 ) or interceptions ( 13 ) , and Matic has attempted at least 97 more passes than any other player .
The holding midfielder cupboards were bare when Mourinho first arrived . Morgan Schneiderlin and Bastian Schweinsteiger were deemed unsavoury , while none of Ander Herrera , Marouane Fellaini and Paul Pogba were ever a long-term solution . Last season , Herrera made the most tackles ( 39 ) , Daley Blind the most interceptions ( 26 ) and Pogba the most passes ( 1,043 ) in the Premier League as Mourinho managed to cobble together random ingredients to create an adequate dish . Matic has made an edible midfield meal delectable .
Place your bets on your favourite teams at https : //ca.crazyvegas.com/ and win big .
To characterise the 29-year-old as only a physical or athletic presence is unfair , but understandable . Matic is 6ft 4ins and deceptively quick but , as Mourinho once said of one of their favourite students , faster than the rest “ where speed is needed most ” . The Portuguese did not build sides around Cambiasso , Makelele , Costinha and Alonso because of their ability to out-muscle an opponent or win gold in a 100m race ; they were signed for their speed of mind , to help unleash the talents of Samuel Eto ' o and Wesley Sneijder , Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba , Deco and Derlei , Cristiano Ronaldo and Mesut Ozil .
In Mourinho 's land of giants , Matic is more brain than brawn . Romelu Lukaku , Marcus Rashford , Anthony Martial and Henrikh Mkhitaryan are producing and performing at one end , Phil Jones , Antonio Valencia , Ashley Young and Eric Bailly the other . In the middle are Matic and Pogba , with the latter relishing more freedom before their untimely injury .
Matic is Mourinho 's comfort blanket , their safety net , the one player who , by their own admission , keeps things “ simple ” . Their comment earlier in the week that “ I will be better ” felt like a warning to the rest of the Premier League . If the new ‘ assistant coach ' can improve on an already impressive start , Mourinho 's second season prophecy will be realised once more .
Matt Stead
From Team Fortress Wiki
This article is for content released in the update . For the patch itself , see September 30 , 2010 Patch
“ — TF2 Official Blog Then it hit us : it 'd make everybody happy if we really DID let players buy items directly . Players 'd be happy because we actually listened to them for once , and the bean counters would be happy because in-game stores are the future of everything , including making some f $ * & ing money already . ”
The was a major content patch for Team Fortress 2 , and was released on September 30 , 2010 Patch . In total , the update added 65 new items including community-contributed content from the Polycount Pack contest , new Cosmetics , weapons , mini-games , tools , crates , and packs of cosmetics and weapons . The update also introduced the Mann Co. Store , Steam Wallet , and microtransaction system as well as item trading .
Additions
Class Sets
Weapons
Cosmetic items
Left 4 Dead 2 promotional items
These items are given to those who purchase Left 4 Dead 2 .
Qualities
Vintage quality
As the update was introduced , all of the items which were previously obtained became `` Vintage Items '' . Their name is now rendered blue , and the `` Vintage '' prefix was added to their name . According to Valve , `` some items that used to be rare will become more common when they are available for purchase . ( ... ) This way , those older rare items remain rare ( in fact , they 're even rarer , because they 're limited editions now ) . ``
Some exceptions were promotional items , including but not limited to the Cheater 's Lament , Alien Swarm Parasite , Lumbricus Lid , Mildly Disturbing Halloween Mask , Bill 's Hat , Ghastly Gibus , Earbuds and Big Kill , as well as all the medals and craft materials .
Unusual cosmetics
Unusual cosmetics are cosmetics that have special particle effects about them . The only way to obtain an Unusual cosmetic is by unlocking a Mann Co. Supply Crate with a Mann Co. Supply Crate Key , or by trading for one . The different particle effects are viewable here .
New methods to obtain items
Trading
Trading is an in-game system allowing players to swap weapons , and cosmetic items allowing players to obtain items that they desire . Some items , such as the Golden Wrench , are untradable , meaning that they must remain on the original account that obtained them .
As of now , it is possible to trade with players on a player 's friends list , with other players in their current server , and through either player 's Steam Community ID .
Store
The Mann Co. Store is an in-game micro-transaction service . The store allows players to purchase in-game items such as Cosmetic items , weapons , and action items using money stored in their Steam Wallet . Creators of community-contributed items receive a percentage of sales for anything they 've created .
All cosmetics or weapons bought through the store could not be crafted or traded , though they were giftable . Tools and action items bought through the store could be traded ( after 2 days ) and gifted . As of the Manniversary Update , all items bought from the store can be traded after a waiting period of 2-3 days , but still can not be used in crafting .
The Hub of the Mann-Conomy Update .
Full summary of the new Item Sets .
Mann-Conomy FAQ page .
In-game announcement of the update .
Hidden pages
Mann Co. compound hidden image .
Ape portrait hidden image .
We 're used to our gadgets being passive objects . They respond to typed or tapped commands , but we do n't expect them to be aware of their surroundings .
Announcements and demonstrations at this week 's Computer Electronics Show make it clear that that 's going to change , and soon . As our devices have more and better sensors , they 're going to be increasingly aware of the world around them , and will interact with the world and with us in more sophisticated ways .
Tablets and smartphones wo n't just take pictures , they 'll be able to identify objects in a shot and judge their size and distance . Computers wo n't just respond to taps on a keyboard or touchscreen , they 'll respond to gestures , voice commands , and the motion of people around a room . And vehicles — both on the ground and in the air — will increasingly understand the world around them and react intelligently to obstacles . This will mean smartphones that can take precise size measurements with a single click , personal drones that can take breathtaking aerial shots , and dramatically safer cars .
Computer vision is going 3D
When we look at the world around us , our brains automatically build a 3D model of our surroundings . They identify objects like people , animals , and pieces of furniture and figure out how big and far away they are . The cameras on our digital devices do n't do that — they just take flat , 2-dimensional images . But that 's going to change soon .
Microsoft has been a big innovator in this area . The company introduced the Kinect sensor for Xbox in 2010 . It combines a traditional camera with an infrared range-finding sensor to capture images with depth .
Microsoft built the Kinect to allow a new generation of games that use gestures instead of a traditional controller . But the technology has proven to have other applications too . It has sparked a renaissance in the robotics community . Kinect 's cheap hardware and powerful software makes it superior to a lot of the industrial-grade sensors researchers had been using previously . Kinect has been used by robotics researchers at NASA , the University of California at Berkeley , Disney , and many other places .
Kinect is cheaper than a lot of other sensors , but it 's not cheap enough to become truly ubiquitous . Five years after Kinect was announced , a standalone sensor still costs at least $ 150 .
Intel is trying to one-up Microsoft by building Kinect-like 3D sensors that are small and cheap enough to integrate into mobile devices . Intel announced the technology , dubbed RealSense , last year . And it has been aggressively promoting it at CES this week .
Intel has been vague about how much RealSense hardware costs , since they 're trying to sell to gadget makers such as Samsung and LG rather than the general public . But the company claims they 'll be cheap enough to reach a mass market ( for example , the first product to incorporate a RealSense camera , a Dell tablet , costs $ 400 ) . If things go according to Intel 's plan , within a few years all of our tablets and laptops , and perhaps even our smartphones , will have fancy 3D cameras instead of boring old 2D ones .
Good software makes 3D cameras more powerful
Being able to capture 3D images is pretty cool in its own right — Intel says you 'll be able to turn everyday objects digital models suitable for 3D printing , for example . But what makes technologies like the Kinect and RealSense really powerful is software that helps app developers recognize the people and objects in a scene .
With a RealSense-equipped tablet , you can take a photo of a room and have it automatically compute the size of objects in the shot . You 'll be able to automatically erase the background from a photo or video or apply different effects to the foreground and background .
Both platforms also include software to track the movements of people and understand their gestures . Kinect software , for example , can `` track thumbs , 25 joints of up to six people , and heart rates by scanning a face . '' It can also understand two people talking at the same time .
Microsoft and Intel envision a future where people control their computers using gestures rather than keyboards or touchscreens . It 's not clear that this is something PC users actually want — keyboards and mice are pretty efficient input methods . But it could be useful in a lot of other situations .
BMW , for example , is working on technology to let drivers use gestures to control accessories . Right now , BMW is using an ordinary camera , but a RealSense camera could make the gesture-recognition capabilities more sophisticated . Similarly , putting a RealSense camera in home entertainment system could allow people to control their TVs with Minority Report-style gestures instead of a remote control .
The technology could also have major industrial applications . Mounting RealSense cameras in a warehouse or assembly line could allow a company to track employees and equipment as they move around , turning on lights and equipment as needed and gaining insight into how to improve efficiency .
3D sensors in drones and self-driving cars
The most important applications for 3D cameras and sensors are for vehicles that navigate the world autonomously . Intel sees this as a major application for RealSense . In their CES keynote , Intel CEO Brian Krzanich demoed a drone equipped with six RealSense cameras that was able to navigate around obstacles autonomously . This is a situation where the small size and power consumption of RealSense is important , because there are strict limits on how much weight a drone can carry .
Another technology being demoed at CES this week shows the potential of the technology . Airdog is a small , camera-equipped drone that can be programmed to follow you around and make a video of your surroundings . Airdog is touting it as a way for outdoorsy types to capture footage of their mountain biking and rock climbing exploits . Right now , users have to manually mark out obstacles so Airdog knows to avoid them . But a 3D camera like RealSense will allow drones to detect and avoid obstacles automatically , allowing users to launch them and then forget about them until they land .
BMW and Audi both demoed self-driving cars at CES this week . Safety is critical here , so companies developing self-driving cars have been using sensors that are significantly more powerful — and expensive — than RealSense or Kinect . The sensors on Google 's early self-driving cars cost hundreds of thousands of dollars .
These costs are expected to come down as the technology is refined and mass-produced . But sensors suitable for self-driving applications will likely cost thousands of dollars for a while yet . Ford CEO Mark Fields said this week that self-driving cars will come on the market by the end of the decade . But they said Ford probably would n't be the company to make the breakthrough first , because Ford is focused on producing affordable vehicles .
So this is going to be a big area of technological progress in the coming decade . Hardware companies will be working to improve the performance of 3D sensors while reducing their cost . Meanwhile , companies in Silicon Valley , Detroit , and elsewhere will be developing software that uses these sensors to understand the world . The result will be a proliferation of devices , from tablets to self-driving cars , that understand and interact with the world around them .
Apple and Liquidmetal yesterday agreed to a licensing deal according to a new SEC filing .
LiquidMetal put all the relevant IP into a new company .
That new company gave Apple an exclusive perpetual license for using the technology in computers / electronics
That new company gave LiquidMetal an exclusive perpetual license for using the technology in everything else .
Apple bought a perpetual exclusive license to use LiquidMetal for electronics .
All that 's great and everything , but what exactly is Liquidmetal , anyway ? Basically , it 's `` the world 's premiere spring material . '' At least according to Liquid Metal technology demo video :
The corporate website boasts that Liquidmetal `` is a creator of a new metallic , glass , substance that stores energy much better than stainless steel or Titanium '' and has `` more than twice the strength of Titanium with the processability of plastics , '' and goes on to say that its alloys `` are poised to render obsolete current materials technology . ''
Now the big question : What will Apple use it for ? Bounceable iPhones ? Perhaps the new metal back panel rumored to arrive in the CDMA iPhone in January ?
Cult of Mac thinks it would be a good guess is for casings in future iPhones , iPods and iPads .
Chime in in the TalkBack .
Tip : Glen Dasilva
The newest batch of Hillary Clinton emails provides more evidence that the former secretary of state did not want government officials to know that they had an intelligence-sharing relationship with Sidney Blumenthal , their longtime friend .
But while previous releases have included at least two emails showing Clinton asking aides to remove information identifying Blumenthal as the sender of intelligence reports , one released by the State Department on Monday shows that they wanted to conceal the evidence from the White House .
“ This is informative , ” Clinton wrote to their foreign policy adviser , Jake Sullivan , along with a memo from Blumenthal about happenings in Libya .
“ Should we pass on ( unidentified ) to WH +/or other agencies ? ” they asked .
Though Clinton 's email does include their rationale for withholding Blumenthal 's identity from the White House , it most likely stems from the icy relationship between the former journalist and President Obama and their close aides .
In 2009 , Obama 's then-chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , infamously blocked Blumenthal from a job at Clinton 's State Department because of their anti-Obama activities during the 2008 presidential campaign . Blumenthal , a former Bill Clinton White House aide , reportedly spread rumors about Obama to their journalism friends .
Other Clinton emails show the Democratic presidential candidate asking their aides to hide Blumenthal 's identity , but only on printed copies of memos he 'd forwarded them way .
“ Pls print three copies but remove the heading from Sid so it is just the memo from Joe to me , ” they wrote to an aide on Sept. 30 , 2010 . Blumenthal had forwarded Clinton a letter from their mutual friend , former Amb . Joseph Wilson . ( RELATED : Email Shows Hillary Ordering Aide To ‘ Remove The Heading ' From Sid Blumenthal Message )
“ Can you print for me w/o any identifiers ? ” they asked their deputy chief of staff , Huma Abedin , of a March 9 , 2011 Blumenthal memo about Libya .
Follow Chuck on Twitter
This deadbeat dad has no hope of being resurrected .
Donald Eugene Miller Jr. was declared legally dead in 1994 , and an Ohio judge said the man 's living , breathing appearance in court wo n't change that .
Miller ditched their ex-wife and two daughters in the 1980s and was n't seen for years , Judge Allan Davis told the Daily News .
Their former spouse , Robin Miller , spent years searching for the father of their children — mostly because they owed tens of thousands of dollars in child support , according to court documents .
It takes five years without contact to qualify as dead under Ohio law .
Robin Miller petitioned the court in early 1994 so their kids could collect the Social Security payout from their father 's demise . Davis signed the papers .
And with that , the deadbeat dad was legally dead .
The date of death was August 1986 — the last time anyone had seen Miller in Arcadia , Ohio .
But there were rumors .
Robin Miller had heard their ex-husband 's dad had seen them in Florida . Relatives claimed they 'd also seen them in Florida and asked their pastor to write Davis .
But it was all second-hand , and nobody ever challenged the ruling in court .
And then Miller returned .
Walking . Talking . The 61-year-old claimed they did n't know about their “ death ” until they moved back to Ohio five years ago .
So they were alive , but there was problem . Ohio law sets a three-year window to challenge a decision in a declaration of death .
Miller had been legally dead for nearly two decades .
Being dead meant their ex-wife was n't chasing them for child support , but it also meant they could n't get a driver 's license or Social Security card .
They asked the judge to breathe a little life back into their legal status .
Miller made their plea in person on Monday , The Courier of Findlay , Ohio reported .
They told Davis they were an alcoholic and left town after they lost their job .
“ It kind of went further than I ever expected it to , ” Miller said . “ I just kind of took off , ended up in different places . ”
They drifted to Atlanta and Florida before they finally returned home to try to get their life back “ or whatever 's left of it , ” the paper reported .
Miller 's attorney did n't respond to the Daily News request for comment .
Davis said he 'd never had a case like it in their 39 years on the bench .
“ Heavens no , ” they said . “ It 's a once-in-a-lifetime occurrence . ”
It 's sad for the kids who grew up without a father , they said , but ultimately they could n't help Miller .
“ I said , ‘ Even though you 're sitting here in my courtroom , I see you , you 're alive , you seem to be in good health , the law restricts me from reversing the prior finding of death , ' ” Davis said .
Miller could do nothing but leave — a dead man walking .
dmmurphy @ nydailynews.com
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing !
The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene has issued a warning about an increase in cases of pertussis , or the “ whooping cough , ” in the Orthodox communities of Williamsburg and Borough Park , Brooklyn .
The city 's department of health issued a statement on Friday , May 22 about 21 confirmed cases of pertussis – 18 children and three adults – in those communities between October 2014 and April 2015 . Of the 10 afflicted children who were under 10 months old , none had parents who received the recommended “ Tdap ” vaccine during pregnancy to help prevent the whooping cough .
“ None of the mothers of the infants with pertussis had documentation of having received the recommended tetanus-diphtheria-acellular pertussis ( Tdap ) vaccination during their most recent pregnancy , ” the release stated .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The CDC reported a total of 870 cases of whooping cough in New York and 28,660 nationwide in 2014 .
New York City last saw an uptick in whooping cough cases in 2011 .
Former attorney general Lord Goldsmith defended their legal advice given to Tony Blair by the attorney general prior to the Iraq war was fundamentally `` flawed , '' a former law lord has claimed . Lord Bingham said Lord Goldsmith had given Mr Blair `` no hard evidence '' that Iraq had defied UN resolutions `` in a manner justifying resort to force '' . Therefore , the action by the UK and US was `` a serious violation of international law , '' Lord Bingham added . Lord Goldsmith said they stood by their advice to the then prime minister . The Liberal Democrats say that Lord Bingham 's comments made a full public inquiry `` unavoidable '' into the decision to invade Iraq . Responding to Lord Bingham 's criticism , Lord Goldsmith insisted the invasion of Iraq was legal . `` I would not have given that advice if it were not genuinely my view , '' they said . 'No weapons ' Lord Bingham , a former Lord Chief Justice , made their comments in a speech on the rule of law at the British Institute of International and Comparative Law in London . They referred to a written parliamentary statement made by Lord Goldsmith on 17 March 2003 in which they confirmed that war on Iraq would be legal on the grounds of existing UN resolutions . Lord Bingham said : `` This statement was flawed in two fundamental respects . Many nations other than ours took part in the action and did so believing that they were acting lawfully
Lord Goldsmith
Former attorney general `` It was not plain that Iraq had failed to comply in a manner justifying resort to force and there were no strong factual grounds or hard evidence to show that it had . `` Hans Blix and their team of weapons inspectors had found no weapons of mass destruction , were making progress and expected to complete their task in a matter of months . '' Lord Bingham also criticised Lord Goldsmith for failing to make clear that only the UN Security Council could judge whether there had been compliance and , if appropriate , authorise further action . `` If I am right that the invasion of Iraq by the US , the UK and some other states was unauthorised by the Security Council there was , of course , a serious violation of international law and of the rule of law , '' they said . Lord Goldsmith said their critic was `` entitled to their own legal perspective '' . `` But at the time and since then many nations other than ours took part in the action and did so believing that they were acting lawfully , '' they said . They also said the UN resolution that Iraq was deemed to have defied - 1441 - did not need further determination by the Security Council . Lord Chancellor Jack Straw backed Lord Goldsmith , arguing that their advice `` was shared by many member states across the world '' . This is a damning condemnation of what was an unjustified invasion
Nick Clegg , Lib Dem leader `` I do not accept Lord Bingham 's conclusions , which do not , I am afraid , take proper account of the text of Security Council Resolution 1441 nor its negotiating history , '' Mr Straw said . But Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said Lord Bingham 's claims made a full public inquiry into the government 's decision to go to war `` unavoidable '' . `` Lord Bingham 's stature means that their devastating criticism can not just be brushed under the carpet , '' Mr Clegg said . `` This is a damning condemnation of what was an unjustified invasion which we now know to have flouted international law . '' Former lord chief justice Lord Bingham retired from the bench in July . Lord Goldsmith stepped down from their post as attorney general last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
We know you can turn a Raspberry Pi into a cheap surveillance system and that displaying images on a small screen is no problem either . Adafruit combined all this together with some sensors to create a system where you can monitor the camera and data on one Raspberry Pi from another Raspberry Pi .
Essentially , one Raspberry Pi acts as a surveillance camera and temperature sensor , while the other Raspberry Pi acts as a remote display . You can view the feed of the camera using a touchscreen that allows you to switch over to a graph at a tap . As you 'd expect , you 'll need a couple of Raspberry Pis , a touch screen , a temperature sensor , a Raspberry Pi camera , and a pair of Wi-Fi dongles . When you 're all finished with the project , you 'll easily be able to pull up a live feed from the camera on a Pi . It 's a pretty easy little project when all 's said and done . Head over to Adafruit for the full guide .
Advertisement
Monitor PiCam and temperature on a PiTFT via adafruit.io | Adafruit
South Sudan 's Ngok Dinka tribe is holding a unilateral referendum to decide whether oil-rich Abyei , a district they inhabit and is under dispute between the Khartoum government and South Sudan , joins either of the two nations .
Reports said on Sunday that the referendum results were expected on October 31 .
The exercise was proceeding peacefully , said Luka Biong , spokesperson for the Abyei Referendum High Committee , a civic group that is organising the vote .
The quarrel over Abyei is one of the main unresolved disputes after the 2005 peace agreement between Sudan and South Sudan , which ended a civil war and led to the independence of South Sudan .
Abyei was meant to vote on whether to be part of Sudan or South Sudan in January 2011 - the same day Juba voted overwhelmingly to split from the north - as part of the peace accord .
Both the Sudan and South Sudan governments , along with the African Union , which is playing a mediation role over the district , do not recognise the referendum .
The Misseriya Arab tribes , who come to Abyei to graze their cattle and have closer ties with the government in the north , strongly oppose the unilateral referendum .
Referendum 'illegal '
About 100,000 Dinkas residing in South Sudan had returned to Abyei for the referendum , which would be conducted over a three-day period .
The Sudanese government says the referendum is illegal and goes against agreements signed between Khartoum and Juba .
Meanwhile , the African Union on Sunday accused the Sudan government of preventing an AU delegation from visiting Abyei following talks that failed to make progress on the flashpoint region .
The AU `` expresses its deep disappointment and regret that it was unable to undertake the visit ( Saturday and Sunday ) '' , it said , accusing Khartoum of postponing it `` for contrived security reasons '' .
The AU 's Council for Peace and Security lamented the `` obstruction '' to its mission and `` reiterates its deep concern at the prevailing situation in Abyei , '' it said in a statement posted on the internet .
The AU `` stresses the need for active and continued African involvement '' in resolving the dispute , it said .
A Sudanese foreign ministry spokesperson contacted in Khartoum declined to comment on the statement .
The AU , which is mediating in the dispute , was initially headed to Abyei on Tuesday and Wednesday but put off the trip pending the outcome of talks between the Sudanese and South Sudanese presidents , Omar al-Bashir and Salva Kiir .
The talks on Tuesday failed to make any progress on Abyei , though the two leaders also discussed issues such as opening up border posts to residents and traders , the transportation of South Sudan 's oil through Sudanese pipelines , as well as security and trade and economic ties .
Congress Approves Bill To Address Addiction As A Health Problem
Enlarge this image toggle caption Al Drago/CQ-Roll Call Inc. Al Drago/CQ-Roll Call Inc .
The Senate on Wednesday overwhelmingly approved a bill intended to change the way police and health care workers treat people struggling with opioid addictions .
The bill , which had previously passed the House , will now be sent to President Obama . They have indicated that they will sign it , despite concerns that it does n't provide enough funding .
The bill is an amalgam of more than a dozen proposals passed through the year in the House and Senate . And while it has lots of new policies and provisions — from creating a task force to study how best to treat pain , to encouraging states to create prescription drug monitoring programs — it does n't have much money to put them in place .
President Obama had requested $ 1.1 billion to help pay for more addiction treatment programs and other initiatives . But the version agreed to by House and Senate Republicans last week did n't include all that money . It provides about half that much .
`` It 's clear that efforts to prevent and treat the opioid epidemic will fall short without additional investments , '' Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , said in a statement after House and Senate negotiators hammered out the final bill .
But Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tenn. , argued that the money for treatment has been rising for three years .
`` Our friends on the other side say , you have to fund it . We are funding it , '' they said in a statement on the Senate floor Friday . `` And they helped fund it . We 've increased funding for opioids already by 542 percent . ''
Still , Democrats supported the bill even without the additional money .
And that 's a good thing , says Linda Rosenberg , president of the National Council for Behavioral Health , because the bill helps expand treatment in significant ways .
For example , it allows nurses and physician assistants to treat people with addictions using medications , which is considered the evidence-based standard .
`` Treatment capacity is really a crisis . There just is n't enough , '' Rosenberg tells Shots . `` But what this bill does to address that — it expands the kinds of people who can prescribe medications for addictions . And that 's a very big deal . ''
They say that provision alone can help because nonprofit treatment centers will be able to use nurse practitioners and physician assistants rather than trying to hire doctors , who are both scarce and expensive .
The legislation also allows the Department of Health and Human Services to give grants to states and community organizations for improving or expanding treatment and recovery programs . It has several provisions that will allow police departments to send people with addiction problems to treatment rather than to jail .
In one of the few areas of the bill that includes funding , lawmakers authorized the Department of Justice to spend $ 100 million a year for five years to find alternatives to jail for opioid abusers , and to allow prisons to use methadone or buprenorphine to treat inmates with opioid addictions .
Rosenberg says these measures help change the definition of addiction from a crime to a health problem .
`` It 's a health care issue and not a moral failing issue , '' they say . That 's a big reversal from the `` war on drugs '' campaigns of a few decades ago .
And the legislation allows more people to have access to naloxone , the drug that can reverse an opioid overdose , reducing the risk of death . Access would be expanded for people working in schools and community centers .
The bill encourage pharmacies to fill standing orders for the drug so that those likely to come in contact with someone suffering an overdose will have the drug on hand , according to Mike Kelly . They are the U.S. president of Adapt Pharma , which sells Narcan , a nasal spray version of naloxone .
`` This bill addresses getting Narcan out into the community , outside of emergency and first responders , '' Kelly says . `` The big thing here is this will fund recovery . ''
Nick Laham/Getty Images
The Washington Wizards are on the rise with a nucleus built through the NBA draft . John Wall , Bradley Beal and ( hopefully ) Otto Porter have each emerged as franchise cornerstones while chasing their pro potential .
The team must now hope rookie Kelly Oubre follows suit .
Whereas some rookies are NBA-ready , others have a long climb before they can match production with pre-draft expectation . When the reward is tantalizing enough , the development journey is seen as worth it .
The Wizards traded up four spots in June 's first round to select Oubre , despite a relatively unconvincing first-year student season . Upside managed to shine through some inconsistency at Kansas . Concerns over wavering impact have ultimately been neutralized and diminished by athleticism and versatility—an NBA-friendly combination .
Oubre themselves does n't appear to have lost sleep over a lack of college production ( 9.3 points per game ) and reps ( 21 minutes per game ) .
`` Basketball , I 'm fine . I 'm going to do well in the NBA , '' Oubre told Bleacher Report . `` Kansas might have dropped my draft stock , but in the grand scheme of things—the bigger picture—I 'm going to be okay . ''
Garrett Ellwood/Getty Images
A 6 ' 7 '' high-flier who can initiate the break , put pressure on the rim , knock down jumpers and guard multiple positions , Oubre covers a ton of ground . Out of high school , you actually got the impression they could compete for top-five consideration .
And though they fell to No . 15 overall , Oubre did n't exactly chalk the year up as a waste of time . They touched on a number of positives they got out from their one-and-done season—most of which were related to a reduced offensive role .
`` I learned how to be a better teammate , how to buy into systems—pretty much being able to contribute without putting the ball in the hole , '' said Oubre . `` That 's something I do well , but those other aspects , you have to be a good teammate and all-around player pretty much to be successful . ''
Their confidence seems fitting for a wing whose game is predicated on shot-making and attacking . They project as a shooter and scorer for the Wizards—a wing capable of stretching the floor from deep or getting to the rack off drives , cuts and transition .
`` My ball-handling is crazy right now . I feel like I can be a point guard—but I 'm not a point guard , '' Oubre joked . `` I 've just been working on my ball-handling , my dribbling—my shot is superb . I 'm definitely going to be a knockdown shooter . I 've just been working my butt off , killing myself every day . ''
Garrett Ellwood/Getty Images
In addition to sharpening their offensive skills over the summer , Oubre also noted he 's put on 10 pounds and improved their conditioning for the uptempo NBA pace .
`` We 're a running a team , '' said Oubre . `` John [ Wall ] is one of the fastest—is the fastest—point guard in the league . So we 're running , that 's my job—I get paid to run . ''
As encouraging as their offseason has sounded , we are n't likely looking at an overnight transition from teenage prospect to reliable NBA contributor .
We ca n't ignore their disappearing acts ( single digits in scoring during four of five NCAA postseason games ) , 8.1 assist percentage , per Sports-Reference.com , 53 percent finishing mark around the rim , per DraftExpress and occasional defensive lapses , which suggest it will take them some time to adjust .
`` I asked John [ Wall ] and Brad [ Beal ] this : What was the hardest thing you have to overcome your rookie year ? , '' Oubre said . `` He was like , 'You 're going to get it—you pretty much stop yourself . ' If I do n't understand something , it 's because I 'm not putting in the time to understand it . ''
Garrett Ellwood/Getty Images
Shot selection , a poor right hand , limited playmaking ability and defensive awareness are areas that currently need addressing .
But having signed veterans Jared Dudley , Alan Anderson and Gary Neal , the Wizards wo n't ask too much from their rookie in 2015-16 . The newly signed Wizards were presumably brought in to produce right away on short-term affordable deals while the coaching staff develops and slowly eases Oubre in .
Oubre is also just 19 years old on a team that has been jelling for a number of seasons . Between their inexperience and Washington 's win-now mentality , he 'll likely spend next year learning off the job .
`` [ Oubre ] Has real good upside and they can come into a situation where they can take their time and they can learn from the veterans we have on this ballclub and come along , '' general manager Ernie Grunfeld told the Washington Post 's Jorge Castillo .
Bart Young/Getty Images
They may have trouble finding minutes early on , but Washington 's long-term starting small forward position should be there for the taking , considering Porter 's true calling could be at the 4 .
A future Wall-Beal-Oubre-Porter lineup would ultimately fit the small-ball model that 's become so prevalent in today 's NBA .
`` That will be deadly , '' said Oubre . `` John : 1 , Brad : 2 , me : 3 , Otto [ Porter ] : stretch . Otto is 6 ' 9 '' . They can play the 4 . ''
It was during the 2015 NBA Playoffs , when Porter was shifted to the power forward more regularly , that they finally began to shine as a pro . This leaves a potentially perfect slot for Oubre to fill .
Otto Porter 's Transition to Power Forward Time Frame % of Mins at SF % of Mins at PF PER 2014-15 Regular Season 95 5 11.6 2015 Playoffs 55 45 14.1 Basketball-Reference.com
With a clear path toward the top of the depth chart and no immediate pressure to produce , Washington looks to have been an ideal destination for Oubre out of college .
`` I 'm in the best position , '' they said . `` Out of every team in the draft , out of every pick , I feel like I 'm in the best position . ''
It 's taken each member of the Wizards ' core different periods of time to catch on . Wall has gradually evolved into a superstar . Beal is on the way . Porter remains in the early stages , though they made a significant leap late last year .
Washington has recently proven it can successfully help prospects pursue and reach their potential—if it 's really there .
Oubre still comes off as a prospect who 'll need two or three years to settle in . They have a long road ahead before reaching the height of their NBA ceiling , but if they get there , we could be talking about the final piece to a franchise on the cusp of contending in the East .
Special thanks to Bleacher Report 's Alex Mangini and Adam Lefkoe for interview assistance with Kelly Oubre .
WASHINGTON — There is no US carrier operating today in the Middle East , a situation that is the product of several years of high-tempo operations and the need to catch up on major maintenance put off to sustain that pace . Carriers have been absent from Central Command 's operating area before — the last time was in 2007 — but this particular gap has caught a lot of people 's attention , even more so as the Navy has warned that another gap will occur in 2016 in the Pacific operating area .
The US Navy is also unable to meet its commitment to field two carrier strike groups , with another three able to surge and deploy should the need arise . Even if sequestration cuts are reversed and full funding is restored , service leaders have said it would be at least 2018 before the Navy would be able to regain those operational readiness levels .
`` Gaps in carrier coverage threaten to undermine both the US ability to deter conflict and respond to crises , '' Rep. Randy Forbes , R-Virginia and chairperson of the House Seapower and Projection Forces subcommittee , said Tuesday during a hearing on the carrier situation . Members of the House Subcommittee on Readiness joined with Seapower members in the hearing .
And even as Sean Stackley , the Navy 's top acquisition official , acknowledged that the carrier `` is at the very core of our maritime strategy , '' they and a panel of admirals provided detailed testimony why shortages will continue , and why the fleet will remain at 10 ships for the time being , rather than the 11-ship fleet mandated by Congress .
`` We require 11 , today we have 10 , '' Stackley said . `` We have more in depot maintenance today than we would normally have under a stable operational cycle . So we have a shortfall in our ability to generate the forces we need . ''
Exacerbating the effort to restore the 11-ship fleet are delays in getting the new carrier Gerald R. Ford ( CVN 78 ) to sea . The ship , which will be delivered and commissioned in 2016 as the first of a new carrier design , was to have made its first deployment in 2019 after extensive tests and training . But the Pentagon decided in early August to acquiesce to the urging of Michael Gilmore , director of the Office of Test and Evaluation , and carry out shock tests on the Ford rather than wait , as the Navy had planned , to perform the tests on a later ship in the class .
Now , said Rear Adm. Thomas Moore , the Navy 's program executive officer for carriers , `` because of the shock trial it will be 2021 '' before the Ford deploys .
The ship the Ford will replace , the Enterprise , was inactivated in late 2012 , reducing the fleet to 10 ships .
× Fear of missing out ? Fear no longer . Be the first to hear about breaking news , as it happens . You 'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community . Thanks for signing up . By giving us your email , you are opting in to our Newsletter : Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
There also will be delays in completing the next carrier , John F. Kennedy ( CVN 79 ) , which is to replace the Nimitz . Stackley explained the Navy 's strategy to complete hull , machinery and equipment work on the ship in one phase , then bring the Kennedy back in the shipyard at a later time to finish work on the combat and electronic systems .
`` CVN 79 is the numerical relief for the Nimitz which retires in 2025 , '' Stackley told the lawmakers . `` The Navy was looking at the construction plan for the 79 to support a heel-to-toe replacement of the Nimitz . That is not an optimal situation for the shipbuilder , '' they said , noting it was a unique situation at Newport News Shipbuilding .
`` Separately we 're looking at how to reduce cost , '' Stackley continued . `` There is work better suited for being accomplished outside the construction yard where third parties could bid on it competitively . ''
Also , they added , `` systems that could be subject to obsolescence by the time the ship is complete , we looked for an opportunity to install those systems as late as possible . ''
They also noted that a new Enterprise Air Surveillance Radar is being developed for the Kennedy , a system that `` would not be available to install on the Kennedy during the first [ construction ] phase , but would be available on the second phase . ''
The split completion approach , they said , `` seems to be the right balance . It is unique to 79 , we will not have this opportunity with CVN 80 , '' a new Enterprise .
Forbes , in their opening statement , declared they are `` pleased that this administration has recognized the harm that the high OPTEMPO has been doing to the ships and sailors that make up our overextended fleet . But while we seek to stabilize the demand for carriers , we should also seek to maximize their supply . ''
Rep. Joe Courtney , D-Connecticut and ranking member of the Seapower subcommittee , joined with Chairman Forbes in supporting the carrier fleet .
`` The Navy and Congress must continue to work together productively to ensure that we deliver our new carriers in a timely , cost-effective way to get back to the 11 carrier force as soon as possible , '' Courtney said .
After the hearing , Rep. Mike Conaway , R-Texas , whose land-locked district lies in the heart of the state , introduced a bill to mandate an increase in the number of operational carriers from 11 to 12 .
The bill , which has virtually no chance in the present economic environment , makes no mention of the 60 or so aircraft that would be needed to fly from an extra ship , nor the 4,000-plus sailors and airmen needed to crew the ship and aircraft , nor of the escorts to protect another carrier .
Image caption The new team will report to Deputy Assistant Commissioner Sue Akers
A new team of officers is to probe allegations of computer hacking , the Metropolitan Police has announced .
Operation Tuleta will examine breach of privacy claims received since January .
It comes as the private investigator at the centre of the News of the World phone-hacking scandal , Glenn Mulcaire , says they acted on the orders of others .
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Sarah Payne has said they were `` very distressed '' after being told their phone may have been hacked by Mulcaire .
Scotland Yard said the new team would investigate matters not covered by its phone-hacking inquiry , Operation Weeting , and report to Deputy Assistant Commissioner Sue Akers .
A spokesperson said there had previously been a `` consideration of allegations '' of computer hacking rather than an investigation , but now `` some aspects of that operation are being moved towards investigation '' .
The Met investigation is understood to include an examination of the covert use of `` Trojan horse '' computer viruses , which allow hackers to take control of third-party computers .
BSkyB board
Last March , a BBC Panorama programme alleged that senior News of the World executive obtained emails hacked into by a private detective .
Panorama claimed the paper 's then-Irish edition editor Alex Marunchak was sent ex-British intelligence officer Ian Hurst 's private emails in 2006 .
Mr Marunchak has denied any wrongdoing . They said : `` I have never met with a private investigator whom I asked to hack into computers to obtain confidential emails or other information .
`` It is absolutely untrue any unlawfully obtained material was ever received by me at the News of the World 's offices in Dublin . ''
The Sunday tabloid closed earlier this month following numerous phone-hacking revelations , claims that journalists paid police for information , and wider questions about press regulation and media ownership .
A public inquiry has been set up into the affair and another will follow once police have completed their investigation .
In other developments :
On Friday , Glenn Mulcaire 's legal team said any suggestion they acted unilaterally for the News of the World newspaper was `` untrue '' .
Mulcaire was jailed in 2007 after admitting to phone hacking while they were working for the paper .
In a statement they said : `` As an employee they [ Mulcaire ] acted on the instructions of others .
`` There were also occasions when they understood their instructions were from those who genuinely wished to assist in solving crimes .
`` Any suggestion that they acted in such matters unilaterally is untrue . In the light of the ongoing police investigation , they can not say any more . ''
Speaking for the first time on Friday evening , Ms Payne spoke of their distress but said they still had faith in those who had supported them
`` I am , as you can imagine , very distressed and upset by the news that my details have been found on Mulcaire 's list and would like to thank everyone for their kind words of support , '' they said in a statement .
`` I can confirm reports that I was given a phone by the campaign team and that my voicemail was only activated after my first aneurysm .
`` Notwithstanding the bad apples involved here , my faith remains solidly behind all the good people who have supported me over the last 11 years . I will never lose my faith in them . ''
'Deeply concerned '
The then-editor Rebekah Brooks said it was `` unthinkable '' anyone at the paper knew .
Mrs Brooks said Ms Payne had become a `` dear friend '' during the News of the World 's campaign for Sarah 's Law .
`` The idea that anyone on the newspaper knew that Sara or the campaign team were targeted by Mr Mulcaire is unthinkable , '' they said in a statement on Thursday .
`` It is imperative for Sara and the other victims of crime that these allegations are investigated and those culpable brought to justice . ''
News International has said it `` takes this matter very seriously and is deeply concerned like everyone '' .
Prime Minister David Cameron described the hacking scandal as `` shocking in terms of the dreadful things that have happened '' .
There have also been allegations that the News of the World accessed the voicemails of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler , relatives of victims of the 7/7 terrorist attacks and families of killed British soldiers .
Meanwhile , staff at the New York Post , also owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp , have been told to save any information relating to phone hacking or bribery of government officials .
The paper 's editor Col Allan told staff the advice was in light of the NoW allegations and `` not because any recipient has done anything improper or unlawful '' .
On November 26 , 1949 , Albert Einstein published an essay in the Saturday Review of Literature in which they described two pivotal moments in their childhood . The first involved a compass that their father showed them when they were four or five . Einstein recalled their sense of wonderment that the needle always pointed north , even though nothing appeared to be pulling it in that direction . They came to a conclusion , then and there , about the structure of the physical world : “ Something deeply hidden had to be behind things. ” The second moment occurred soon after they turned twelve , when they were given “ a little book dealing with Euclidean plane geometry. ” The book 's “ lucidity , ” they wrote—the idea that a mathematical assertion could “ be proved with such certainty that any doubt appeared to be out of the question ” —provoked “ wonder of a totally different nature. ” Pure thought could be just as powerful as geomagnetism . This month , we celebrate the hundredth anniversary of Einstein 's general theory of relativity , one of their many ideas that brought lucidity to the deeply hidden . With all the surrounding hoopla , it would be nice if we could fathom something of what they actually accomplished and how they did it . That turns out to be a tall order , because general relativity is tremendously complex . When Arthur Eddington—the British astrophysicist who led the team that confirmed Einstein 's predictions , during a solar eclipse in 1919—was asked if it was really true that only three people in the world understood the theory , they said nothing . “ Do n't be so modest , Eddington ! ” their questioner said . “ On the contrary , ” Eddington replied . “ I 'm just wondering who the third might be. ” Fortunately , we can study an earlier , simpler example of Einstein 's thinking . Even before they received the little geometry book , they had been introduced to the subject by their uncle Jakob , an engineer . Einstein became particularly enamored of the Pythagorean theorem and— “ after much effort , ” they noted in the Saturday Review—he wrote their own mathematical proof of it . It is my intention to lead you through that proof , step by logical step . It 's Einstein 's first masterpiece , and certainly their most accessible one . This little gem of reasoning foreshadows the man they became , scientifically , stylistically , and temperamentally . Their instinct for symmetry , their economy of means , their iconoclasm , their tenacity , their penchant for thinking in pictures—they 're all here , just as they are in their theory of relativity .
You may once have memorized the Pythagorean theorem as a series of symbols : a2 + b2 = c2 . It concerns right triangles , meaning triangles that have a right ( ninety-degree ) angle at one of their corners . The theorem says that if a and b are the lengths of the triangle 's legs ( the sides that meet at the right angle ) , then the length of the hypotenuse ( the side opposite the right angle ) is given by c , according to the formula above . Teen-agers have this rule drummed into them by the millions , year after year , in schools around the world , but most do n't give it much thought . Maybe you never did , either . Once you do , though , the questions start coming . What makes it true ? How did anyone ever come up with it ? Why ? For a clue to that last question , consider the etymology of the word geometry . It derives from the Greek roots g____ē ( meaning “ earth ” or “ land ” ) and metria ( “ measurement ” ) . It 's easy to imagine ancient peoples and their monarchs being concerned with the measurement of fields or plots of land . Officials needed to assess how much tax was to be paid , how much water they would need for irrigation , how much wheat , barley , and papyrus the farmers could produce . Imagine a rectangular field , thirty yards by forty . How much land is that ? The meaningful measure would be the area of the field . For a thirty-by-forty lot , the area would be thirty times forty , which is twelve hundred square yards . That 's the only number the tax assessor cares about . He 's not interested in the precise shape of your land , just how much of it you have . Surveyors , by contrast , do care about shapes , and angles , and distances , too . In ancient Egypt , the annual flooding of the Nile sometimes erased the boundaries between plots , necessitating the use of accurate surveying to redraw the lines . Four thousand years ago , a surveyor somewhere might have looked at a thirty-by-forty rectangular plot and wondered , How far is it from one corner to the diagonally opposite corner ? The answer to that question is far less obvious than the earlier one about area , but ancient cultures around the world—in Babylon , China , Egypt , Greece , and India—all discovered it . The rule that they came up with is now called the Pythagorean theorem , in honor of Pythagoras of Samos , a Greek mathematician , philosopher , and cult leader who lived around 550 B.C . It asks us to imagine three fictitious square plots of land—one on the short side of the rectangle , another on the long side , and a third on its diagonal . Next , we are instructed to calculate the area of the square plots on the sides and add them together . The result , 900 + 1,600 = 2,500 , is , according to the Pythagorean theorem , the same as the area of the square on the diagonal . This recipe yields the unknown length that we are trying to calculate : fifty yards , since 50 × 50 = 2,500 . The Pythagorean theorem is true for rectangles of any proportion—skinny , blocky , or anything in between . The squares on the two sides always add up to the square on the diagonal . ( More precisely , the areas of the squares , not the squares themselves , add up . But this simpler phrasing is less of a mouthful , so I 'll continue to speak of squares adding up when I really mean their areas . ) The same rule applies to right triangles , the shape you get when you slice a rectangle in half along its diagonal . The rule now sounds more like the one you learned in school : a2 + b2 = c2 . In pictorial terms , the squares on the sides of a right triangle add up to the square on its hypotenuse . But why is the theorem true ? What 's the logic behind it ? Actually , hundreds of proofs are known today . There 's a marvelously simple one attributed to the Pythagoreans and , independently , to the ancient Chinese . There 's an intricate one given in Euclid 's Elements , which schoolchildren have struggled with for the past twenty-three hundred years , and which induced in the philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer “ the same uncomfortable feeling that we experience after a juggling trick. ” There 's even a proof by President James A. Garfield , which involves the cunning use of a trapezoid . Einstein , unfortunately , left no such record of their childhood proof . In their Saturday Review essay , they described it in general terms , mentioning only that it relied on “ the similarity of triangles. ” The consensus among Einstein 's biographers is that they probably discovered , on their own , a standard textbook proof in which similar triangles ( meaning triangles that are like photographic reductions or enlargements of one another ) do indeed play a starring role . Walter Isaacson , Jeremy Bernstein , and Banesh Hoffman all come to this deflating conclusion , and each of them describes the steps that Einstein would have followed as they unwittingly reinvented a well-known proof . Twenty-four years ago , however , an alternative contender for the lost proof emerged . In their book “ Fractals , Chaos , Power Laws , ” the physicist Manfred Schroeder presented a breathtakingly simple proof of the Pythagorean theorem whose provenance they traced to Einstein . Schroeder wrote that the proof had been shown to them by a friend of his , the chemical physicist Shneior Lifson , of the Weizmann Institute , in Rehovot , Israel , who heard it from the physicist Ernst Straus , one of Einstein 's former assistants , who heard it from Einstein himself . Though we can not be sure the following proof is Einstein 's , anyone who knows their work will recognize the lion by their claw .
It helps to run through the proof quickly at first , to get a feel for its over-all structure . Step 1 : Draw a perpendicular line from the hypotenuse to the right angle . This partitions the original right triangle into two smaller right triangles . Step 2 : Note that the area of the little triangle plus the area of the medium triangle equals the area of the big triangle . Step 3 : The big , medium , and little triangles are similar in the technical sense : their corresponding angles are equal and their corresponding sides are in proportion . Their similarity becomes clear if you imagine picking them up , rotating them , and arranging them like so , with their hypotenuses on the top and their right angles on the lower left : Step 4 : Because the triangles are similar , each occupies the same fraction f of the area of the square on its hypotenuse . Restated symbolically , this observation says that the triangles have areas fa2 , fb2 , and fc2 , as indicated in the diagram . ( Do n't worry if this step provokes a bit of head-scratching . I 'll have more to say about it below , after which I hope it 'll seem obvious . ) Step 5 : Remember , from Step 2 , that the little and medium triangles add up to the original big one . Hence , from Step 4 , fa2 + fb2 = fc2 . Step 6 : Divide both sides of the equation above by f. You will obtain a2 + b2 = c2 , which says that the areas of the squares add up . That 's the Pythagorean theorem . The proof relies on two insights . The first is that a right triangle can be decomposed into two smaller copies of itself ( Steps 1 and 3 ) . That 's a peculiarity of right triangles . If you try instead , for example , to decompose an equilateral triangle into two smaller equilateral triangles , you 'll find that you ca n't . So Einstein 's proof reveals why the Pythagorean theorem applies only to right triangles : they 're the only kind made up of smaller copies of themselves . The second insight is about additivity . Why do the squares add up ( Step 6 ) ? It 's because the triangles add up ( Step 2 ) , and the squares are proportional to the triangles ( Step 4 ) . The logical link between the squares and triangles comes via the confusing Step 4 . Here 's a way to make peace with it . Try it out for the easiest kind of right triangle , an isosceles right triangle , also known as a 45-45-90 triangle , which is formed by cutting a square in half along its diagonal . As before , erect a square on its hypotenuse . If we draw dashed lines on the diagonals of that newly built square , the picture looks like the folding instructions for an envelope . As you can see , four copies of the triangle fit neatly inside the square . Or , said the other way around , the triangle occupies exactly a quarter of the square . That means that f = 1/4 , in the notation above . Now for the cruncher . We never said how big the square and the isosceles right triangle were . The ratio of their areas is always one to four , for any such envelope . It 's a property of the envelope 's shape , not its size . That 's the thrust of Step 4 . It 's obvious when you think of it like that , no ? The same thing works for any right triangle of any shape . It does n't have to be isosceles . The triangle always occupies a certain fraction , f , of the square on its hypotenuse , and that fraction stays the same no matter how big or small they both are . To be sure , the numerical value of f depends on the proportions of the triangle ; if it 's a long , flat sliver , the square on its hypotenuse will have a lot more than four times its area , and so f will be a lot less than 1/4 . But that numerical value is irrelevant . Einstein 's proof shows that f disappears in the end anyway . It enters stage right , in Step 4 , and promptly exits stage left , in Step 6 . What we 're seeing here is a quintessential use of a symmetry argument . In science and math , we say that something is symmetrical if some aspect of it stays the same despite a change . A sphere , for instance , has rotational symmetry ; rotate it about its center and its appearance stays the same . A Rorschach inkblot has reflectional symmetry : its mirror image matches the original . In Step 4 of their proof , Einstein exploited a symmetry known as scaling . Take a right triangle with a square on its hypotenuse and rescale both of them by the same amount , as if on a photocopier . That rescaling changes some of their features ( their areas and side lengths ) while leaving others intact ( their angles , proportions , and area ratio ) . It 's the constancy of the area ratio that undergirds Step 4 .
Audio Clip from The Alex Jones Show
Paul Joseph Watson , Prison Planet — American icon Willie Nelson says they support efforts to impeach President Bush and “ throw the bastards out , ” adding that the administration will do anything to stay in power , including staging an event to cancel the election .
In their second appearance this month , Nelson told The Alex Jones Show today that they supported Dennis Kucinich 's attempt to impeach Bush , adding , “ If you break the law you have to pay for it one way or another and if these guys have n't broke the law nobody has . ”
“ The deck 's been stacked and we need to figure out a way to get a new fresh deck in there in the deal and I do n't know how else to do it except throw the bastards out , ” said Nelson .
But the award winning star of stage and screen was quick to clarify that they did n't see the Democrats as any kind of viable alternative .
“ We went through a couple of elections now and we did n't do anything , we thought we did but come to find out that the voting machines are crooked , everything 's stacked against us , the politicians that we vote for wo n't stay and fight and they wo n't count the votes . ”
Continue Reading
Hate crimes against Muslims occur with unfortunate frequency these days , but in 1994 when the first American mosque was destroyed by an act of arson in Yuba City , Calif. , they were a rarity . In their new documentary , An American Mosque , director David Washburn chronicles the building of that mosque , its destruction , and the community 's response to the crime .
Washburn initially brought the film to festivals in 2012 , but is showing a longer version of the documentary at community screenings this year , including at the Islamic Cultural Center of Northern California ( ICCNC ) this Saturday .
The depiction of the Yuba City Muslim American farming community shown in the film is a departure from mainstream media portrayals of Muslims , which often focus on their foreignness . For example , Khalid Saeed , who donated five acres of their farmland for the mosque , is a longtime farmer whose family immigrated to California from Pakistan in the 1950s . “ It 's a very sympathetic and important portrayal of a really interesting California community , ” said Raeshma Razvi , the director of the arts and culture program at ICCNC who organized the screening .
Still from An American Mosque of the Yuba City mosque after the arson incident .
The mosque , built almost entirely by farm laborers , was in the final stages of construction and was already being used for worship when it was set on fire and burned to the ground on the night of August 31 , 1994 . Officials determined that the cause of the fire was arson and initially had viable suspects , but the investigation was eventually closed due to a lack of evidence .
Washburn first learned about the arson while working on an oral history project with the Sikh community in Yuba City . They were surprised by how little publicity the incident had received , particularly in contrast to a hate crime against the Jewish community in Sacramento . In 1999 , three synagogues in the city were firebombed in a single night and the library of B'nai Israel , the synagogue Washburn had attended as a child , was completely destroyed . After the attack , the entire community spoke out against the hate crime . “ The press coverage was extensive , ” they said . “ There was a huge rally at the community hall with 5,000 people . ”
The differing amounts of attention the two crimes received compelled Washburn to shed more light on the Yuba City incident . “ This story had zero publicity outside the regional and Muslim press , ” they said . “ I felt like what happened in Sacramento got great coverage and it was a beautiful moment and maybe we could reproduce that in Yuba City and give the story the telling that it deserved . ”
While the film depicts a community devastated by the loss of their house of worship , its message is ultimately hopeful . Following the arson , community members of different faiths reached out to offer their condolences and Christian and Mormon churches and Sikh community members sent funds . The mosque was ultimately rebuilt and completed in 2000 .
Razvi was also struck by the hopefulness of the film . “ I had n't expected the deep feeling of empathy that the film ended with , focusing on the outpouring of community support , ” they said .
Recognizing the importance of interfaith dialogue about religious intolerance , Razvi reached out to Wesleyan professor Peter Gottschalk , author of the book , American Heretics : Catholics , Jews , Muslims , and the History of Religious Intolerance , and Reverend Michael Yoshii from Buena Vista United Methodist Church in Alameda to lead a discussion with Washburn following the screening .
Razvi is looking forward to the event as an opportunity for communities of different faiths to connect in multiple ways . “ We 're connected through not just a history of discrimination , but through a very diverse , strong American culture , ” they said .
The screening and discussion will take place Saturday , February 22 from 5:30-7:30 p.m. at the Islamic Cultural Center of Northern California at 1433 Madison St. , Oakland .
In a case of duelling data , the Toronto Real Estate Board and the Ontario government have their own conflicting calculations on the amount of foreign ownership in the Greater Toronto Area housing market and the effect it 's having on skyrocketing prices .
Ontario 's Finance Ministry is standing by its decision to tax foreign real estate buyers an extra 15 per cent , despite a report from the Toronto Real Estate Board ( TREB ) released Wednesday that claims foreign ownership and real estate speculation in the area remain low .
According to the report , which is based on sales data as well as government property records , the number of buyers with a mailing address outside of Canada is `` well below '' one per cent and most of these buyers have an address in the United States .
The report also says that between 2008 and April 2017 , the average share of foreign buyers in the Greater Golden Horseshoe was 2.3 per cent .
According to the real estate board , the majority of foreign buyers purchased their home as a place to live .
In January , the board also released the results of a survey of its members , which found just 4.9 per cent of them represented foreign buyers in the previous year .
However , the Ministry of Finance is casting doubt on the real estate board 's methodology . While it 's not releasing any numbers , it claims to have real estate data that differs from the board 's .
TREB data called unreliable
In a statement to CBC Toronto , a spokesperson for the ministry wrote that `` the residency of many individuals captured in the data set is unknown and , as a result , this is not a reliable way to determine the number of non-residents participating in the housing market . ''
`` There is also no strong correlation between the number of non-resident purchasers and the number of out-of-country mailing addresses attributed to buyers , '' the statement said .
The real estate board 's analysis is based in part on data from Ontario 's Municipal Property Assessment Corporation ( MPAC ) .
But the government takes issue with this , claiming in the statement that `` MPAC does not systematically measure the number of non-Canadian purchasers of Ontario homes . ''
In April , the Ontario government announced that non-residents purchasing a home in Ontario will pay an additional 15 per cent tax .
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne says new measures are needed to cool rents and home prices , which are rising far faster than people 's paycheques . ( Christopher Katsarov/Canadian Press )
The non-resident speculation tax is one of 16 measures aimed at cooling Ontario 's housing market , announced by the government last month .
Domestic speculators and 'flipping '
The real estate board report also attempts to shed light on domestic speculation and `` flipping , '' when a home is bought and sold at a profit in a short period of time .
It found that just 6.2 per cent of Greater Golden Horseshoe homeowners own more than one property .
And the report says that between 2008 and April 2017 , about five per cent of homes is sold less than a year after they were purchased .
However , the ministry does believe speculators are driving up home prices . Wednesday 's statement said the real estate board 's findings on multiple property ownership and home flipping `` do not align with other data we have reviewed.‎ ''
In life , Philip Seymour Hoffman was not just a volcanic movie star ; they were a constant man of the theater . Through the Labyrinth Theater Company , the Public and other groups , they directed plays , acted in them and nurtured new stage talent . Now their influence extends past their death—it will be one year come Monday—with the announcement of the Relentless Award , billed as “ the largest annual cash prize in American theater awarded to a playwright in recognition of a new play . ”
If you 're an unproduced playwright , here 's what you need to know : Deadline to submit to the American Playwriting Foundation ( APF ) is July 10 . Three finalists and one winner will be announced on October 2 . The winner gets $ 45,000 and an unprecedented series of readings around the country : at the American Conservatory Theater of San Francisco ; Asolo Repertory Theater ; Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park ; The Goodman Theatre in Chicago ; Boston 's Huntington Theatre ; the Wilma in Philadelphia ; Milwaukee Repertory Theater ; the New Group here in New York ; and Williamstown Theater Festival in Massachusetts .
Who judges the finalists and winner ? It 's an interesting mix of veterans and younger writers , diverse in every way : Eric Bogosian , Thomas Bradshaw , APF Executive Director David Bar Katz , Lynn Nottage , John Ortiz , John Patrick Shanley , Jonathan Marc Sherman and Lucy Thurber . They 're looking for new plays that are—as Hoffman was— “ relentlessly truthful , ” but here 's the fine print you should note : “ [ T ] he committee will place a special emphasis on works from first-time playwrights and underrepresented voices . ”
So : Are you green and underrepresented ? Have at it . See how relentless you can be .
Hazel Simone Zildjian
c. February 2003 – November 4th 2018
“ Corgis are enchanted . You need only to see them in the moonlight to know this . ”
— Tasha Tudor
On Sunday , my deeply beloved , most enchanting Hazel Simone Zildjian passed away at home . They gave me the gift of letting me hold them in my arms as they left us , with both Mom and Dad with their hands on her , and Phoebe 's love so palpably present .
Hazel brought joy and comfort to all who met her , and their many thousands of online fans , duly enchanted by their balancing tricks . Despite their online fame , they were a retiring lady who preferred a firm bed , a good patch of sun , and the company of a choice few beloved humans . Hazel saved my life . Knowing and loving them has defined my heart from the age of 11 , when I first saw the little white moon on their head and chose them as my own . They were my strength , my confidant , my baby . Phoebe and I called them a worry sponge , and often joked that their plump frame was not chub , but the result of their eating and dispelling our anxieties . Family lore also has it that some of that bulk came from hidden wings . On Sunday , those wings deployed , and our dear girl flew off to wait for us , pain free , in heaven .
Queen Elizabeth II , a fellow lover of corgis , once said that “ Grief is the price we pay for love. ” How deep my love for Hazel is , and how deep the grief . However , it is a price I proudly pay for the love of my own sweet Queen .
Progression of design
The final product
Since I was a little kid playing Pee Wee in rural Nova Scotia , I wanted my own custom painted mask . The first year I played in net was the last year my local hockey association used masks like this ... I ca n't tell you for sure this was the same model mask but I know that I took a shot off the top of my head and got knocked out in something similar . The following years before my first retirement from hockey I used various different helmets and cages and never really had a chance to get my custom paint job.Since coming back to the net , I started my own adult league team and enjoyed working up a team logo and jerseys and giving the team an identity . The Puck Hawgs were born in the summer of 2015 and since then I 've often thought that getting a custom painted goalie helmet would be the icing on the cake.For the past two years I 've been playing with a CCM9000 helmet ( Senior ) and about a year ago I replaced the stock metal cage with a black powder coated cat eye cage . I love it but the next step was a fully custom design . A Puck Hawgs design.I sought out mask painters but the estimates were sometimes double the cost of the helmet itself and since there 's no NHL scouts on the horizon , they were out of my price range . I started seeing more and more about helmet wraps which use custom printed vinyl applied to the helmet that mimics paint . I 've seen enough of these to know they can look as good as any paint job and possibly hold up longer without chipping.I chose Skinfx wraps : Designed & produced by Mark Maghnanti . They were highly reviewed in the goalie communities I frequent and their gallery included several examples of the style I was after . Simple , clean graphics instead of the complex shapes and patterns I see on so many masks that seems to hide any identity . I sent them an example of a mask I liked ( Anderson- Ottawa Senators ) , and the Puck Hawgs logo . In an amazingly short period of time , Mark was messaging me with ideas and mockups that were soon followed by complete designs . After I gave them huge thumbs up on their ideas , they turned out the final product in just a few days.After seeing the final result , I could n't be happier and it feels like another childhood dream come true . My own custom mask tricked out with the logo and colors of my own team ! Special thanks to Mark for working through the entire process with enthusiasm and patience to get me something I am so proud of . I can not wait to get on the ice with the Hawgs and my amazing Hawg helmet .
Amitabh Bachchan : There were wild and desperate attempts to make me look 20 years younger for a sequence . ( Photo : Facebook )
Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who is currently shooting for filmmaker Anurag Kashyap 's television show , was aged down at 20 years for a particular sequence for the show .
The 71-year-old actor , who has carved their place on the small screen as the host of reality show 'Kaun Banega Crorepati ' , is all set to make a debut in a television series to be directed by Anurag Kashyap .
They posted on their blog : The desperate attempts to make me look 20 years younger for the sequence at the shoot , was hilarious .. to say the least ! ! How conveniently easy it is to age rapidly , but how inconveniently long it takes to push time back ..
After several attempts the results :
And now that all have carefully suppressed their giggles and snide asides , it is time for me to seek my time with the pillow ..
May I assure you ladies and gentlemen of the jury , that there shall be opportunity for greater stifled laughs by the morrow , when thou shall be subjected to many more examples of my idiocy ..
Since I am seeking the elixir of youth , I need to do some basics : sticking to routine and regimen
Talking about the television venture , Amitabh Bachchan had earlier said : `` This is a fresh initiative and one that I felt I needed to explore , so there it is . Its creativity is in the hands of Anurag Kashyap .. The idea really is to do something out and away from the groove , with great production values and to make it more finite and watchable . It is another first for me and I look towards it with great anticipation , and apprehension , as we do mostly whenever something new needs to be initiated . I do hope that this comes to you with appropriate likeness , and I do hope that we are able to do justice to this . With all your blessings and care of course ``
... contd .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The PBE has been updated ! We have a newskin , a new `` '' featured game mode , a texture rebalance for , and more ! Continue reading for more information !
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers ! Manage your expectations accordingly . )
Table of Contents
New Ward Skin
Nemesis Draft Featured Game Mode
Texture Rebalance
New Ward Skin
Firecracker Ward
640 RP
Riot KateyKhaos
`` Keep your bushes and jungles lit up with firecrackers this Lunar Revel !
The Firecracker Ward will be 640 RP and includes :
New model and texture !
New particles !
New sounds !
The Firecracker Ward is now available to play on PBE ! We always find bug reports and feedback super helpful , so feel free to comment in the thread below ! Likewise , if you 've got any questions , post 'em here , and we 'll do our best to answer them ! ''
New Featured Game Mode - 'Nemesis Draft '
L4T3NCY
`` Hi everyone !
Our first Featured Game Mode for the year , “ Nemesis Draft ” , is on its way to the PBE . This time around , you 'll be choosing the champions for the enemy team , then making the champs you 've been given work in battle on the Summoner 's Rift . Let the 'creative ' comps begin . : )
Some notes :
-- Nemesis Draft is a 5v5 featured game mode played on Summoner 's Rift .
-- Nemesis Draft allows each player to choose 1 champion for the enemy team for a total of 5 per team .
-- Each team will still get 3 bans . Do you bans champs do DO N'T want to play , or leave them up to give to the other team ? It 's up to you . : )
-- Available champions for you to give the other team are allowed from the collective pool of champs on your allied team .
-- There is a free trading period after all champs have been locked in , allowing you to organise amongst your team who would be best playing which champs . Even if you do n't own a champion , you 'll still be able to trade and play anyone you 're given .
Known issues :
Play flow artwork is still a placeholder .
Nemesis Draft will be live on the PBE soon™ . We 've paid special attention to the champion select phase this time , to make the picking & trading phases as clear as possible , so feedback on that flow will be welcome . Also `` Thanks ! '' again to you PBE guys that always help us catch things early . Even if we ca n't respond to every bug or report individually , we do read EVERYTHING and fix as much as possible .
SO .. we 're excited to see how scheming & creative you guys are . Are we about to uncover some diamonds in the rough ? Will it be , “ Give them all melee champs ! ” or “ Give them all AD so we can just build armour ! ” . And then the inevitable , “ Ok guys . We 've got 4 junglers and a support .. but so do they ! Let 's do this. ” I ca n't wait . : )
See you on the Rift . ^_^ ''
Texture Rebalance
Swain has received texture rebalance in today 's patch ! Remember , these texture changes are intended to bring older champions and skins up to date with the current art style and are NOT replacing visual updates !
Swain
Bilgewater Swain
Northern Front Swain
Here 's a turnaround comparison video of Swain 's texture rebalanced !
Misc
Balance Changes * Remember * : The PBE is a testing ground for new , tentative , and sometimes radical changes . The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that did n't make it in - do n't freak out ! These are not official notes .
* Remember * : The PBE is a testing ground for new , tentative , and sometimes radical changes . The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that did n't make it in - do n't freak out ! These areofficial notes .
Champions Tristana
[ Remember , Tristana currently has a gameplay update on the PBE ! ]
Rocket Jump ( W ) Base damage increased to 80/105/130/155/180 from 60/85/110/135/160
Base damage increased to 80/105/130/155/180 from 60/85/110/135/160 Rocket Jump ( W ) AP Ratio lowered to .5 from .7
AP Ratio lowered to .5 from .7 Explosive Shot ( E ) Bonus AD ratio lowered to .5/.65/.8/.95/1.1 from .6/.75/.9/1.05/1.2
Bonus AD ratio lowered to .5/.65/.8/.95/1.1 from .6/.75/.9/1.05/1.2 Explosive Shot ( E ) AP Ratio lowered to .7 from .9 [ Note : These values are relative to their champion update that is currently testing on the PBE ! For a rundown of their reworks changes vs live , see this post ! ]
Items
Rylai 's Crystal Scepter
Rylai 's Crystal Scepter was changed to include movement speed in today 's update , although it has since been confirmed to be an unfinished version of something they were experimenting with . It will be reverted soon . [ Context from Scarizard : `` Unfinished , at the moment . Experimenting with a new build path for Rylai 's - lack of HP is a bug . ''
from : `` Unfinished , at the moment . Experimenting with a new build path for Rylai 's - lack of HP is a bug . '' [ Context from ricklessabandon ; `` ah ! just found out i caused a bug with rylai 's on the pbe . it was a mix up with files—i 'll be correcting it for future versions~ '' and `` and to be clear , rylai 's will be reverting back to its live stats and everything . not planning any changes to the item in the near future . '' ]
First up , we have a brand newskin to light up this year'sHere'swith a bugs and feedback thread for theHere'swith a heads-up on our next featured game mode -As of today 's updateAs noted , you move through champion select by first banning ( 3 per team ) any champions then selecting the champions for the person directly across from you on the enemy team . This goes back and forth until everyone has a champion , at which point you team can swap freely for about a minute.Annie 's splash art has been fixed to no longer include that little weird part on the left side.Here is the OLD version with the clipped part circled inMiss out on previous updates from this PBE cycle ? Check outfor acatch up with the links below !
Amazon 's drone delivery service was never going to work . Not in the United States , at least , and not in the near-future timeframe announced by CEO Jeff Bezos in a credulous 60 Minutes segment in December 2013 . When Bezos made the prediction that self-guided drones would start delivering packages to customers ' doors as early as 2015 , it was clear to everyone building , flying and hoping to fly drones that the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) had no plans to allow for something like Prime Air to function . Amazon 's program requires autonomous flight in densely populated areas—robots flying themselves , over lots of human beings . There 's no better recipe for disaster , at this early stage in the development and deployment of commercial drones .
And yet , Amazon 's PR stunt went off without a hitch . [ Note : Popular Science just ran a Q & A with the VP of Prime Air , who seems like an excellent and conscientious person . My crotchety opinions of Bezos , 60 Minutes , and the way Amazon 's drone program was debuted are my own . ] Despite denouncements in the media , the company 's plan become synonymous with the push for commercial drone rules in the U.S. Now that those initial regulations have arrived , the attention is still on Amazon , and whether it 's going to take its delivery drones to another country , presumably one with less stringent safety requirements . The FAA 's requirement that unmanned aircraft stay within a human 's unbroken line of sight throughout its operation is a deal-breaker for Prime Air , as is the restriction on carrying external payloads . That Amazon 's scheme is grounded is not news . It was always going to be .
But there 's hope yet for drone delivery . Cincinnati-based Amp Holdings is currently developing a drone , called Horsefly , that deploys from a compartment in the roof of an electric delivery truck . After each delivery , the aircraft would return to the truck for its next package . It 's strong enough to carry parcels as heavy as 10 pounds ( double what Amazon is shooting for ) , and durable enough to fly through , wind , rain and snow on its appointed rounds .
It 's easy to see why this system has n't fired the public 's imagination , or come close to edging out coverage of Amazon 's vision . Delivery trucks—even the electric ones that Amp makes—are unassuming workhorses , and a drone that more efficiently distributes packages within a mile or two radii of that truck is less evocative than the thought of fleets of robots dotting the skyline of major cities .
Horsefly has one major advantage over Prime Air : it makes sense .
But Horsefly has one major advantage over Prime Air : it makes sense . From both a technological and logistical standpoint , Amp 's truck-launched drone scheme is as level-headed about the realities of commercial , airborne robotics as Amazon appears to be ignorant of them .
The biggest advantage of a delivery truck drone , versus one flying from a warehouse , is distance . Consumer and commercial drones are short hop aircraft , capable of 20 to 30 minute flight times before their batteries run dry . Since Horsefly uses a truck as its mobile headquarters , and recharges from the vehicle 's own battery , the octorotor could buzz through its rounds without concerns over range . It could also deliver packages to the rural and suburban customers who would be a challenge for Amazon , and whose yards and driveways are a better fit for the first wave of drone deliveries . Drones , which still are n't as nimble in cramped low-altitude environments as one would hope , ca n't simply leave a package on the sidewalk near the recipient 's apartment building , but they could more reasonably drop it off on the walkway near a home 's front door , or even in the yard near a back door .
Amp 's plan actually accounts for the variety and specificity of different homes , by letting the driver of the truck that Horsefly operates from select the exact drop-off location . On a typical day , the driver would scan a package , and an iPad mounted on the inside wall of the truck would display a satellite map view of the customer 's address . “ But a GPS address just is n't enough , ” says Amp CEO Steve Burns . “ That 's too wide open. ” Once it takes off , the Horsefly will navigate itself to the relevant GPS coordinates . But to determine where it will actually leave its package , the driver relies on their or their experience of that route to zoom in and tap on a more precise drop-off spot . “ You do n't have that with the Amazon model , ” says Burns . “ You do n't have the institutional , or the tribal knowledge that comes from getting the driver involved . ”
With that location locked in , the driver would hand the package up to the Horsefly 's claw , and the drone would autonomously fly to its destination . Once there , and while still at a relatively high altitude , the robot would relinquish piloting duties to a remote human operator , who would be in charge of actually lowering the aircraft and parcel to the ground . Dealing with power lines , trees , kids , pets , and other variables would be the responsibility of a call center style pool of certified pilots ( initially at Amp 's Cincinnati headquarters ) who do nothing but land Horseflies .
A delivery truck costs roughly a dollar per mile with diesel . A Horsefly could drop that cost to 3 cents per mile .
The goal , says Burns , is to help the company 's customers deliver packages with greater speed , and at lower costs . An electric truck is already a step up in efficiency and environmental responsibility from traditional internal combustion trucks , with a delivery cost to the shipping company of 30 cents per mile ( compared to roughly a dollar per mile with diesel ) . A Horsefly could drop that cost to 3 cents per mile . And though Amp wo n't specify the price of the drone , the plan is to follow the example of truck pricing , and have its initial cost as an optional feature calculated to pay for itself within three years . There 's no reason to assume that everyday recipients will see lower delivery fees as a result of drone-based efficiency , but packages could arrive more quickly after arriving at the local warehouse of shipping center .
Unfortunately for Amp , the just-released FAA rules wo n't allow the Horsefly to operate as intended . Even if the driver does nothing but stare at the drone as it flies to a customer , the line of sight stipulation severely limits where it could land , since trees or homes are more than likely to block the driver 's view as the aircraft descends . The restriction on carrying external payloads , meanwhile , means the delivery drone ca n't carry anything to deliver .
But Burns is hopeful that Amp can secure exemptions from the FAA , based on flight data the company has already collected while collaborating with researchers at the University of Cincinnati . Horsefly has been flown at the same indoor football field where other drones have been tested , and Burns is confident that they 've solved the admittedly daunting problem of carrying varying weights below the craft . “ Think of it as a pendulum down there swinging . We have that conquered . That part we are n't worried about . Once you can demonstrate to them that you 've done the math , they can become believers , ” says Burns , referring to the FAA .
Amp applied for its first exemption—to test the Horsefly outdoors with an external load—back in December , in conjunction with the University of Cincinnati . When I spoke to Burns at that time , they believed the FAA would grant it as early as March . They still think that 's a strong possibility , but he 's certain that the exemption will happen by this summer . Once outdoor tests are underway , Amp will apply for another exemption , that would allow for limited operation without line of sight . Seeking exemptions for drones is nothing new , or exceptional , and Burns claims that the FAA 's response to Horsefly 's mix of autonomy , remote operation , and truck-based deployment has been positive . “ They like our model , that these are going to be short hops , They like that there 's going to be a driver nearby , in case there 's a problem with the drone . And they like that we 'll have to work with a large delivery compony to get this started . When someone has a major brand to protect , and they 're creeping into this space , with a lot to lose if , I think the FAA is very comfortable with that . ”
A recent NPR story incorrectly reported that UPS was already planning to deploy Amp 's drones . But since Amp is n't itself charged with delivering packages—it just provides the trucks—its initial , limited field tests will have to involve an establishing shipping partner . Provided the exemptions go through , Burns sees that first test happening as early as this year , in a rural area where the driver can watch the drone 's entire flight path ( though landing it might still mean breaking line of sight ) . It might be a baby step , and it might not happen at all , but Burns says that they understand the FAA 's hesitance , even if means delaying their drone plans . “ If I put myself in their shoes , I 'd be just as careful with this technology . This is sweeping , internet-like change . This is historic , ” says Burns . “ The reason Amazon is so upset is that they have no shot , because they 're coming out of a central warehouse . But our people are well displaced . We have that mile line of sight . We can live in that exemption space for a while . ”
Some bits of news on the Gary Johnson front : First , as former Reason intern Amanda Carey writes in a Daily Caller profile of the ex-New Mexico governor , it looks like we can expect a formal presidential-race announcement within three or four months :
Johnson was clear from the very beginning of the interview [ ... ] that because their organization – Our America — is a 50C ( 4 ) , they could n't comment on a 2012 presidential bid . But hypothetically speaking ? Without missing a beat Johnson said that hypothetically , if a libertarian-minded candidate like themselves were to announce a presidential bid , it would probably be around February of 2011 .
Second , The New Republic 's Ben Birnbaum gets some good stuff on what many libertoids have been wondering about : What Will Ron Paul Do ?
Johnson is n't merely testing the presidential waters ; several Johnson confidants told me that nothing—not even another Ron Paul campaign—will stop them from running . `` There 's no waiting or seeing , '' says one . `` It 's a done deal . '' `` Everybody 's been aware of it , even during the last campaign , '' says Paul , whom Johnson informed of their intentions in April 2008 . `` I do n't remember when anybody did n't assume that they would run for president . '' Fortunately for Johnson , Paul , while not ruling out a second act , has shown little appetite for one . ( `` I have made no plans , '' they told me . ) And if they do n't run , he 'll `` most likely '' throw their weight behind Johnson . `` I ca n't imagine endorsing anybody else , '' they say . The path , then , looks clear for Gary Johnson to become the Ron Paul of 2012 [ . ]
As an unabashed Johnson supporter ( which is an extremely unusual place to find myself vis-a-vis a politician ) , my main hope has been that at least one libertarian-minded candidate make it to the GOP 's final round in 2012 . Though as one wag suggested to me on Election Night , why not two ?
This part of The New Republic piece is fun :
What does Johnson make of Palin ? On a drive through the foothills of New Hampshire , I ask him . Riding shotgun , they turn the question around on me . `` Um , I guess some people think she 's folksy , '' I say from the backseat . `` Well , at first they strike you as folksy , '' they shoot back . `` And then you realize : They might be running for president of the United States ! And then , do n't we have the obligation to tell them what a terrible idea that is ? '' Cupping their hands to their mouth , they bray , `` Sarah ! We love you ! Do n't run ! '' They also perform a rendition of the `` deer-in-the-headlights '' interview they did on `` The O'Reilly Factor , '' about the BP oil spill . [ ... ] After trashing Palin on our drive through New Hampshire , Johnson spots a cop car in the rearview mirror . The chauffeur , Johnson adviser Ronald Nielson , pulls the rented Mazda SUV to the side of the road , and the green-clad officer ambles over . `` I stopped you because you were going eighty-three in a sixty-five , '' they say , peppering the driver with questions . As they disappear with Nielson 's license and registration , Johnson scolds themselves for forgetting their Valentine One radar detector . `` You ca n't seriously speed without a Valentine One , '' they tell us . `` The Valentine would 've sniffed them out long before that happened . '' The officer returns two minutes later , and the roadside ritual ends anticlimactically . `` I 'm letting you off with a warning , '' they say . `` Do n't ask me why . '' As we drive off , Johnson breathes a sigh of relief , floating theories about the merciful cop . But the close call sends them into a lighthearted rant on the absurdity of federally mandated speed limits . `` Look , '' they say , `` there are times and places where it would be perfectly safe to go one-forty , and there are others where it would be reckless to go fifty-five . '' Within moments , he 's taking aim at stop signs and red lights . `` I 'm not opposed to the concept , '' they allow . `` But sometimes , you know , it 's 5:30 in the morning ! There 's nobody on the road ! '' Johnson laughs , turns in their seat , and fixes me with a grin . `` That 's the first sign you know you 're a libertarian , '' they say . `` You see the red light . You stop . You realize that there 's not a car in sight . And you put your foot on the gas . ''
Reason on Gary Johnson here .
Hello everyone … My name is John Rodriguez , and I 'm a Principal PFE based in Minneapolis , MN . I 'm also one of Neil 's frequent collaborators , particularly on load simulation tools . When they wrote their recent article on performance analysis of Jetstress data , I suggested that they include some of our time-saving tips . He 's a busy chap , and asked me to write the article instead . So , to that end , I 'm here as a guest contributor to share with you some of the things we as performance specialists do within Perfmon . [ Neil : Actually John taught me Exchange perf when I first joined Microsoft in 2007 and again when I went through MCM ; it is a great honour to have them write stuff for my blog , so thanks again John J ] .
If you spend a lot of time in Perfmon , whether for general performance analysis , reviewing Jetstress data , or trying to identify the source of a bottleneck , you tend to look for ways to automate tasks – to simplify things . Thankfully Perfmon provides some extremely useful interfaces which provide us with our time-saving opportunities .
When you first launch Performance Monitor , and switch to the Performance Monitor node , you should see the general screen with a single counter ( usually Processor ( _Total ) \ % Processor Time ) . In the example below , I 've deleted the default counter and added four specific ones of great Exchange importance : MSExchangeIS\RPC Averaged Latency , \RPC Operations/sec , \RPC Packets/sec , and \RPC Requests .
How did I add those counters ? Believe it or not , I pasted them . Pasted ? Into Perfmon ? Really ? Yes , really . Here 's how .
When you first launch Perfmon and want to add counters , you can click the green Plus symbol , or right-click the display and select `` Add Counters… '' as shown below .
Now , if you look at the context menu , you can see an option to `` Save Settings As… '' This is one of the most underappreciated items in Perfmon , and enables a lot of incredibly useful behavior . `` Save Settings As '' predictably enough saves the existing set of counters to an HTML file which you can then open and edit to your heart 's content . If you right-click the file and select Open With > Notepad , you should see a bunch of entries beginning with < PARAM NAME= '' Counter # '' and then details on the counters themselves , like so :
[ It 's important to select Open With > Notepad , rather than double-click on the file . We 'll see why in a minute . ]
Notice that there 's no server name in this data – the value is just the counter name – `` \MSExchangeIS\RPC Averaged Latency '' , `` \MSExchangeIS\RPC Packets/sec '' , and so on . This means that this set is rather portable – to our great advantage . I can use this information to automatically add a whole group of counters to Perfmon at once . But we 're not going to load them from the file – we 're going to paste them into Perfmon ! This may sound odd , but Perfmon actually supports copy-and-paste . If I want to add all of those counters at once , I can simply open that HTML file with Notepad , copy the contents ( select all , copy ) , open Perfmon , click anywhere in the right-hand pane , and then click Ctrl-V , Perfmon will add all of those counters at once . In other words , if you add the counters to one server , and save the settings to HTML , you can quickly add all of those counters for any other server ! This is extremely useful , but we 're only just getting started .
Now that we have our settings file ( in my case , `` rpc counters.htm '' ) , we can perform a few little tricks . First , since it 's HTML , we can actually open this settings file with Internet Explorer . Unless you 've weakened the security settings for IE , you 'll need to click `` Allow blocked content '' , but do that and you see Perfmon embedded within Internet Explorer :
Notice that Perfmon includes not just the counter list I added before , but visible data points as well ( which was saved in the settings file ) . But more importantly , this is a fully functioning instance of Perfmon . Notice the two green buttons in the menu bar at the top of the Perfmon instance – the one on the left ( similar to the `` Play '' button on a CD or DVD player ) switches the display to live data , while the second ( the `` Skip Forward '' button ) leaves the display paused but updates the data to the present moment .
The green `` Play '' button has changed to a blue `` Pause '' button , and many of the other buttons have also been enabled as well ( including add and remove counters ) .
`` This is nice , '' you may say to yourself , `` but what good does it do ? '' Well , for one thing , you can select a specific set of counters , save the settings file , and then distribute the settings file to your teammates so that they can open that same set of counters . This is very useful if you have a large set of counters and want to make sure that everyone 's looking at the same data .
Where the `` Save Settings As '' option really becomes useful is when you 're working with performance logs ( BLG files ) . In this case , I 've captured performance data using a custom Data Collector Set , and the results of the data are saved in C : \Perflogs\Admin\New Data Collector Set\DC1_datetime.log . I switched back to the Performance Monitor tab , and selected View Log Data from the action menu ( you can also press Ctrl+L to do the same thing ) .
On the Data tab , I select all four counters from the log file and add them into the list to display .
Because I do n't have very much data in the BLG , the resulting display is n't terribly exciting . But it 's not the display that I 'm concerned with here – it 's what I can do with the data I selected . Again , I right-click and select `` Save Settings As '' and save the list of counters to another HTML file . [ Side note : when you select `` Save Settings As '' when viewing data from a BLG , other options become available , including Save Data As , which gives you the option to reduce the size of an existing BLG by saving only a subset of data points . ]
However , when you open this second HTML file , you 'll notice that things look a little different . The counter names are prefaced by the server name :
My lab machine is named DC1 , but if I want to use this on a performance log I collected from DC2 , all I need to do is a simple find-and-replace in the HTML file , open the appropriate saved log ( View Log Data ) , and then perform the same copy/paste trick listed above . Again , Perfmon will add all of the relevant counters directly into the display . That means that you can create the list of counters once and use that same list for every single BLG you want to review . Just change the name of the server within the HTML file for each server , then paste the contents .
To summarize , Perfmon allows you to save and load sets of performance counters , and you can use this functionality to make your performance life a little easier . By saving the settings to disk , you can ensure that you use the same list every time , even if you 've closed Perfmon . You can launch Perfmon from within Internet Explorer using a saved settings file , which helps ensure consistency so that everyone uses the same counters . Last , you can use a settings file as a template to view the same set of counters from different BLG files from different servers .
Hopefully these tricks help you become more efficient in your use of Perfmon . Let us know in the comments !
WORCESTER — The Wormtown Brewery beat out powerhouses of the brewing world such as Samuel Adams , Stone Brewing , Yuengling and Saranac Brewing to take home the title of Grand National Champion in the 2014 U.S. Open Beer Championship .
“ We try our best to make the best beers we can and to get that recognition on the national level is icing on the cake , '' said Wormtown Brewery Master Brewer Ben Roesch . `` The brewing team all really works hard and to have us all be recognized like this is something great to cherish . ”
The announcement reached Roesch at noon on the fourth of July . The brewery had won three gold medals and one silver in a face-off with breweries from as far away as Australia and Iceland in addition to the overall win . Roesch immediately reached out to all the employees of the brewery to give them the good news .
`` It 's pretty surreal , '' said Roesch . `` I sent it out in a group text message ... so I am sure it was pretty cool because they found out while they were surrounded by their family and friends on the Fourth of July . ''
Wormtown Brewery 4th Anniversary Worcester Party 6 Gallery : Wormtown Brewery 4th Anniversary Worcester Party
The win by the brewery that opened in 2010 took place against competition that included the oldest brewery in the world that was founded in 1040 . It is akin to the 1980 Olympic hockey win by the U.S. team , said Wormtown Partner David Fields .
`` For a brewery of our size , 3,000 barrels , we make great beer . Ben and their staff are extremely talented ... but it 's literally like the U.S. hockey team beating the Russians in the 1980 Olympics , '' they said .
The blind taste-test competition judged beers across 81 categories . Wormtown took home the gold in the Imperial IPA , French/Belgian Ale and American IPA categories winning with Hopulence , Biere de Miele and Be Hoppier , respectively . Roesch said beating out the Western breweries in the IPA category was a feat , but that receiving the awards they did in the French and Belgian beer categories was truly unexpected . Wormtown also took home a silver in the French / Belgian Saison category with their ALS Farmhouse Fundraiser beer .
“ Those were experiments for us and to have those win medals was great for us , ” said Roesch who explained the freshness of the local ingredients plays a huge role in the taste of the brewery 's beer .
Those small batch beers , with only 20 kegs of each produced , were the first time the brewery had worked with those kinds of flavors , said Roesch . Blind taste-test competitions like this allow breweries to gauge their products in a direct comparison with others .
“ It is a great way to find what people are thinking about and steer us towards something in the future we can do on a bigger scale , '' said Roesch .
The timing of the award could not have worked out better with the upcoming move to their new Shrewsbury Street location in a month and a half , said Roesch and Fields . The new facility will drastically increase production while also offering a tasting area , they said . The new facility will also set the groundwork for expanding the breweries distribution outside of Massachusetts , said Roesch .
For now , though , there are plans to celebrate their accomplishments . A short day on Friday with some Wormtown beers at a lake-side location should do the trick , said Fields .
Netflix is preparing this month to launch its newest original series , “ Marco Polo , ” which focuses on the life of the famous explorer , including their interactions with Kublai Khan .
It 's one of the most expensive TV series ever made , according to The New York Times , with a cost of $ 90 million to produce 10 episodes . The only show with a higher budget is HBO 's “ Game Of Thrones . ”
But there 's another reason “ Marco Polo ” is so important for Netflix . The company is hoping the series will appeal to international audiences as it expands , especially because Netflix holds the international rights to “ Marco Polo . ”
Netflix did n't hold any international rights to other popular shows like “ House Of Cards , ” which is why the series was able to appear on rival platforms in Germany and France , according to The Times .
But offering a blockbuster show that subscribers — including those overseas — can get only through Netflix could help the company reach its goal of becoming a global company .
Netflix is already hard at work with its international rollout , but subscriber growth has n't been booming as much as many had hoped .
In October , following its European launch in September , the company reported that it had added 2 million international subscribers , which is below the 2.36 million estimate many were expecting . Domestic growth has slowed too , as Netflix reported 975,000 subscribers in the U.S. versus the 1.33 million many were expecting .
This sluggish growth in the U.S. makes international expansion that much more important for Netflix . Executives and producers working on the show told The Times they thought the show would resonate with audiences overseas , especially because the plot focused on a heroic journey to which all cultures could relate . Netflix is also relying on the show to promote its streaming service in general as in enters new markets .
“ Marco Polo ” will debut on all of its global properties on Dec. 12 . Check out the trailer below to get an idea of what to expect .
NASA 's Curiosity has taken its first test drive , in preparation for longer trips on the red planet . The rover 's leisurely jaunt consisted of a fifteen foot cruise , at which point it rotated 120 degrees and then drove in reverse for another eight feet . The rover is now about twenty feet away from the its original landing site , which NASA has dubbed `` Bradbury Landing '' after the late author Ray Bradbury .
The trip was captured by Curiosity 's navigation camera , and a stunning panoramic image stitched together from 23 photos shows off the rover 's tracks on Martian soil . This roam is just one of the many tests Curiosity needs to complete before setting off on its 1,300 foot expedition to a spot NASA has called `` Glenelg , '' a notable site where three types of terrain meet . The rover will then continue on its primary journey to the base of Mount Sharp . You can find a full gallery of all of Curiosity 's photos at NASA 's site ( though sadly enough , there are no more GIFs ) .
OTTAWA – Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced yesterday that the retirement age for young people born less than 30 years ago would be brought back down to 135 , reversing the Conservatives ' increase to 137 .
“ It was a mistake to increase it like the Conservatives did , ” said Trudeau during a town hall meeting with Bloomberg TV in New York . “ I do n't want to live in a country where after over a century of productive work as baristas and security guards Canadians still ca n't afford to retire before their 136th birthday . ”
“ It is the goal of our budget to ensure that young Canadians will be able to afford to upload their consciousness into an android vessel before their emaciated bodies totally fail , just like their parents did . ”
Critics are calling the move a step in the wrong direction .
“ This program is already unsustainable , ” said University of Alberta economist Donald Ray . “ How will we be able to bear these costly entitlements for millennials in an economy based off of fresh water and raiding ? ”
However finance minister Bill Morneau said the government was steadfast in its decision .
” The Government of Canada wants to ensure that all of today 's young workers will be able to only work two serving jobs when they are in their nineties , instead of the current four . ”
Insiders say the budget will also include a further home purchasing assistance program for young Canadians , in which they will be transported to remote parts of the country where real estate is cheaper .
A young mother is left bruised and beaten at a bus stop , after they were attacked by a group of young girls .
Police say it 's done for fun . It 's called `` mobbing '' or `` popping '' depending on whether it 's a mom or dad who 's attacked .
It happened Tuesday morning in New Windsor in Orange County .
The mother now has a possible concussion .
`` They just started punching you ? '' Eyewitness News asked .
`` Yeah , '' said Paola Neri , the victim said .
Paola Neri says they jumped them
`` I tried to cover my head , '' Neri said .
Three kids , barely teenagers , two 13-year-olds and a 12-year-old , so brutally attacked the 34-year-old mom that they say they blacked out .
`` They did n't say anything , they were laughing while they were doing it , '' Neri said .
The beating happened Tuesday morning as they were dropping their 8-year-old daughter off at their bus stop .
Just as little Melanie was about to step onto their bus , their mom was blindsided at the corner of Ledyard and 9W .
They allegedly grabbed their hair , threw them to the ground , dragged them on the ground and punched them
Detective Chris Sager is with New Windsor Police .
`` This random act of violence I think makes anyone unsettled , '' Detective Sager said .
They arrested the young suspects after the attack .
They say they confessed .
`` When they were interviewed they used the term `` mobbing and popping '' . It 's more like a school like bullying term , '' Det . Sager said .
Mobbing and popping are bullying terms and are usually groups of kids ganging up on other teens .
In an incident in Philadelphia , police say a mob of eight to 10 teens pummeled up a 16-year-old girl , kicking them and punching them
Police say the New Windsor case is a first for the town .
The young suspects have been charged with gang assault for the attack on a victim .
`` I saw a little bit of it , '' Melanie said .
`` As you were getting on the bus ? '' Eyewitness News asked .
`` Yup , '' Melanie replied .
Paola Neri was simply sending their daughter off to school .
-- -
Get Eyewitness News Delivered
Facebook | Twitter | Newsletters | Text Alerts
Joan Chase Hinton ( Chinese name : 寒春 , Pinyin : Hán Chūn ; 20 October 1921 – 8 June 2010 ) [ 1 ] was a nuclear physicist and one of the few women scientists who worked for the Manhattan Project in Los Alamos . They lived in the People 's Republic of China after 1949 , where they and their husband Erwin ( Sid ) Engst participated in China 's efforts at developing a socialist economy , working extensively in agriculture . They lived on a dairy farm north of Beijing before their death on June 8 , 2010 .
Early life [ edit ]
On 20 October 1921 , Hinton was born as Joan Chase Hinton in Chicago , Illinois . [ 1 ] Them father , Sebastian Hinton , was a lawyer ( who also was the inventor of the jungle gym [ 2 ] ) ; their mother , Carmelita Hinton , was an educator and the founder of The Putney School , an independent progressive school in Vermont .
Family background [ edit ]
Them sister , Jean Hinton Rosner ( 1917–2002 ) , was a civil rights and peace activist . Joan Hinton 's great-grandfather was the mathematician George Boole ; Ethel Lilian Voynich , a great-aunt , was the author of The Gadfly , a novel later read by millions of Soviet and Chinese readers .
Education [ edit ]
Hinton graduated from the Putney School , where their skiing skills qualified them for a berth on the 1940 U.S . Ski Team at the Winter Olympic Games , had they been held that year . They studied physics at Bennington College and graduated with a bachelor 's degree in natural science from Bennington College . [ 1 ] In 1944 , Hinton earned a doctorate in Physics from University of Wisconsin . [ 1 ] [ 3 ]
Career [ edit ]
Nuclear scientist [ edit ]
They observed the Trinity test at Alamogordo and wrote about it :
It was like being at the bottom of an ocean of light . We were bathed in it from all directions . The light withdrew into the bomb as if the bomb sucked it up . Then it turned purple and blue and went up and up and up . We were still talking in whispers when the cloud reached the level where it was struck by the rising sunlight so it cleared out the natural clouds . We saw a cloud that was dark and red at the bottom and daylight at the top . Then suddenly the sound reached us . It was very sharp and rumbled and all the mountains were rumbling with it . We suddenly started talking out loud and felt exposed to the whole world .
Joan Hinton was shocked when the US government , three weeks later , dropped nuclear bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . They left the Manhattan Project and lobbied the government in Washington to internationalize nuclear power .
Moving to China [ edit ]
Them brother William H. Hinton ( 1919–2004 ) had travelled to China for the first time in 1937 and returned after the war . Their book Fanshen : Documentary of Revolution in a Chinese Village , published in 1966 after many years of obstacles , described their observations of land reform in the communist-occupied area of Northwest China .
In March 1948 , Joan Hinton travelled to Shanghai , worked for Soong Ching-ling , the widow of President Sun Yat-sen , and tried to establish contacts with the Chinese communists . They witnessed the communists gaining control of Beijing in 1949 and moved to Yan'an , where they married Erwin Engst , who had been working in China since 1946 . After 5 months living in caves in 1949 they moved to Inner Mongolia to work on a state farm , living meagerly in a stockaded village named Chunchuan without electricity or radios . At one point the village was attacked by bandits . No one knew in the USA of their whereabouts except family and a circle of scientists . In October 1952 Joan went public in Beijing attending the Asian and Pacific Peace Conference where they denounced Hiroshima . This launched a paranoid response in the USA that they were willing to assist China developing a nuclear bomb . Questions were asked about them of their brother William during the McCarthy hearings . In May 1955 the couple and their three young children moved to a farm near Xi'an during the period of the Great Leap Forward . In April 1966 the family moved to Beijing to work as translators and editors at the beginning of the Cultural Revolution . [ 4 ]
After 1956 , Hinton finally obtained permanent residency to live in China and they chose to retain their US citizenship . [ 5 ]
On August 29 ( or in June , according to another source ) , 1966 , Joan Hinton , Erwin Engst and two other Americans living in China—Bertha Sneck ( Shǐ Kè 史克 , who had previously been married to Joan 's brother William ) and Ann Tomkins ( Tāngpǔjīnsēn 汤普金森 ) —signed a poster put up at the Foreign Experts Bureau in Beijing with the following text :
Which monsters and freaks are pulling the strings so foreigners get this kind of treatment ? Foreigners working in China , no matter what class background they have , no matter what their attitude is toward the revolution , they all get the `` five nots and two haves '' : the five nots—first : no physical labour , second : no thought reform , third : no chances of contacts with workers and peasants , fourth : no participation in class struggle , fifth : no participation in production struggle ; the two haves—first : they have an exceptionally high living standard , second : they have all kinds of specialization . What kind of concept is that ? This is Khrushchevism , this is revisionist thinking , this is class exploitation ! [ ... ] We demand : [ ... ] Seventh : the same living standard and the same level of Chinese staff ; eighth : no specialization any more . Long live the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution !
A copy of the poster was shown to Mao Zedong , who issued a directive that `` revolutionary foreign experts and their children should be treated the same as the Chinese . ''
In 1972 , Joan Hinton and Erwin Engst started working in agriculture again at the Beijing Red Star Commune .
In June 1987 , William Hinton went to the town of Dazhai in Shanxi province to observe the changes brought about by the reform policies , and in August 1987 , Joan Hinton stayed at Dazhai as well .
In a 1996 interview with CNN , after nearly 50 years in China , they stated `` [ we ] never intended to stay in China so long , but were too caught up to leave . `` [ 6 ] Hinton described the changes they and their husband had witnessed in China since the beginning of the economic reforms of Deng Xiaoping in the late 1970s . They stated they `` have watched their socialist dream fall apart '' as much of China embraced capitalism . A 2004 MSNBC interviews noted their critical assessment of economic change as `` betrayals of the socialist cause . `` [ 7 ] They noted what they describe as a rise of exploitation in Chinese society .
Hinton lived alone following the death of their husband in 2003 . Them three children moved to the United States , with Hinton noting that `` They probably would have stayed if China were still socialist . '' Hinton retained their American citizenship , which they considered `` convenient for travel . '' [ 7 ] Them son , Yang Heping ( Fred Engst ) moved back to Beijing in 2007 as a professor at the University of International Business and Economics . [ 8 ]
In their 2005 essay `` The Second Superpower '' , [ 9 ] Hinton stated , `` There are two opposing superpowers in the world today : the U.S. on one side , and world public opinion on the other . The first thrives on war . The second demands peace and social justice . ''
They remained active in the small community of expats in Beijing , protesting against the war in Iraq .
Personal [ edit ]
In 1949 , Hinton married Erwin Engst ( 1919–2003 ) , a dairy-cattle expert , in Yan'an , Shaanxi Province , China . [ 1 ] Hinton had two sons , Bill and Fred Engst and a daughter , Karen Engst . [ 1 ] In 1923 Hinton 's father checked themselves into a clinic for treatment , but while there they committed suicide . [ 10 ]
On June 8 , 2010 , Hinton died in Beijing , China . They were 88 . [ 1 ]
References [ edit ]
in English [ edit ]
in Chinese [ edit ]
Literature [ edit ]
Last week , Qualcomm announced two new members of the Snapdragon 200 tier . As a reminder , Qualcomm has moved to a tiered structure split between 200 , 400 , 600 , and 800 level parts , with higher numbers connoting higher-end parts . I waited a while before posting about these two new Snapdragon 200 family SoCs to verify some specific details on what 's inside . These new parts are MSM8x10 and MSM8x12 , both aimed at entry level phones for China and emerging regions .
MSM8x12 is the higher end of the two , and has four ARM Cortex A7s at 1.2 GHz inside alongside Adreno 302 graphics . MSM8x10 is dual core ARM Cortex A7 at 1.2 GHz also alongside Adreno 302 . Both include support for single channel LPDDR2 at 333MHz . Both also include up to HSPA+ 21.1 on the downlink with the usual multimode flavors ( HSPA+ , TD-SCDMA , EVDO ) , the only difference on the modem side is that MSM8x12 includes support for both dual sim dual standby and dual sim dual active ( DSDS , DSDA ) while MSM8x10 only includes dual sim dual standby ( DSDS ) . Both of these are 28nm SoCs and will be available with Qualcomm 's reference design ( QRD ) platform late 2013 .
Source : Qualcomm
The file-sharing lawyer who avoided a £200,000 fine by pleading hardship continues to live in a £700,000 home with a Bentley parked on the drive .
Andrew Crossley was the sole solicitor at ACS Law , a firm now notorious for sending letters to accused illegal downloaders , demanding hundreds of pounds in settlements against the threat of legal action .
Those letters drew the attention of online activists , 700 of whom targeted the ACS Law website last September with a distributed denial of service ( DDOS ) attack .
Rumours of my expansive wealth are much exaggerated
That exposed a database of emails , which contained details of 6,000 accused file-sharers and the content they were said to have downloaded – including pornographic material .
The Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) earlier this month announced it would have fined Crossley £200,000 for the security breach , but reduced the fine to a mere £800 after Crossley submitted a signed statement claiming they were now of “ limited means ” .
That Crossley lives on “ limited means ” might come as a surprise to their neighbours on the quiet street of their leafy West Sussex home , where PC Pro located Crossley earlier this week . A similar 2,900-square-foot , five-bedroom home on the private lane recently sold for £730,000 – close to the £710,000 that Crossley paid when they bought the house with their partner in 2009 .
Parked on the drive out front of the detached house is a gleaming Bentley Arnage – a vehicle popular with Premiership footballers . When we asked Crossley how ownership of the luxury car – which costs up to £170,000 new – squared with their claims of “ limited means ” , they told us the car was n't his , although they refused to disclose who the current owner was .
High earnings
The ICO 's proclamation that Crossley could n't afford a higher fine raised eyebrows , as ACS Law was accused by lawyers representing the alleged file-sharers of making substantial amounts of money before the “ speculative invoicing ” model was brought to an end . The defending barrister claimed Crossley earned up to £180,000 a month from the invoicing .
“ Mr Crossley was going to make vast sums , but adverse publicity put an end to that , ” said Guy Tritton , a barrister representing some of the accused told the Patents County Court . “ If you make £180,000 in just one month , things are going pretty well . ”
Crossley disputes the assertion of wealth , saying the fortune they supposedly made from sending the settlement letters is “ mythical ” .
“ Rumours of my expansive wealth are much exaggerated , ” they told PC Pro . Asked how much money was left after ACS Law was closed , they said the “ smallish amount ” was doled out to their remaining clients , and “ I was paid what I was due '' .
As evidence of their financial status , Crossley said they had shown the ICO recent bank statements and signed an affidavit . While still registered as a solicitor , they are currently unemployed .
Crossley is currently under investigation by the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal , following accusations that they `` bullied '' people into making payments , which they deny .
Read next month 's PC Pro - on sale 16 June - for more exclusive revelations about ACS Law and the flaws in the ICO investigation .
“ Morning Joe ” co-host Joe Scarborough ripped Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday morning for saying New York is soft on crime . The MSNBC personality thinks an apology is in order .
“ Has they ever been to New York City ? I 'm just curious , ” Scarborough said . “ You do n't talk about the NYPD that way… it makes me mad . ”
Sessions sent letters to nine jurisdictions on Friday warning each would lose federal grant money if they refused to cooperate with federal immigrations officials . It marked the latest sign that the Trump administration intends to punish what are sometimes called sanctuary cities . The other jurisdictions include Sacramento , Las Vegas , New Orleans , Miami , Milwaukee , Chicago and Philadelphia , but Scarborough took particular offense to the comment about New York .
Also Read : 'Morning Joe ' Warns Steve Bannon : 'When You Take on the Family , You Lose ' ( Video )
“ New York continues to see gang murder after gang murder , the predictable consequence of the city 's ‘ soft on crime ' stance , ” the letter said .
“ He needs to apologize to the NYPD rank and file , ” Scarborough said .
New York City mayor Bill de Blasio has also criticized Sessions ' comments , saying , “ We did not become the safest big city in America by being… soft on crime . ”
“ This is an insult , ” de Blasio said . “ Look our police officers in the eye and tell them you believe they are soft on crime . ”
Check out the video above .
Related stories from TheWrap :
'Morning Joe ' Warns Steve Bannon : 'When You Take on the Family , You Lose ' ( Video )
'Morning Joe ' : Vladimir Putin Has Got Ann Coulter , Sean Hannity 'On Their Side ' ( Video )
'Morning Joe ' Says Steve Bannon 'Just Snapped ' By Going After Jared Kushner ( Video )
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
THE Government are refusing to release letters from one of the country 's biggest SNP donors – because they say the £600 bill is too high .
It is the third different excuse for blocking the correspondence between Stagecoach tycoon Brian Souter and ministers .
Souter , who has given £1million to the SNP , was knighted last year .
Under freedom of information laws , Labour asked for details of the Scottish Government 's communications with Souter .
But they insist it would cost more than the £600 limit for retrieving information to provide the correspondence .
This conflicts with previous reasons given – that Buckingham Palace banned publishing details and that Labour had not clearly identified the information they were looking for .
Scottish Labour 's Paul Martin said : “ The SNP Government are now not even being consistent with their excuses .
“ At every stage throughout the Souter cash-for-honours controversy , Alex Salmond has tried to cover up the SNP Government 's involvement .
“ The public rightly demand and deserve the highest level of openness and transparency from their elected members .
“ The longer Alex desperately tries to keep these documents secret , the more people will think they have something to hide . ”
The SNP refusal comes just weeks after information commissioner Kevin Dunion said the Scottish Government “ failed to comply ” with the law by blocking the request .
The Court of Session earlier ruled that , under freedom of information laws , there is a right of access to information , not copies of actual documents .
Now the Scottish Government have said it would cost more than the £600 limit to provide the information .
An official wrote : “ This is because to locate and retrieve the information you have requested , we would need to conduct a search of all the records of the Scottish Government .
“ We file our information according to the subject matter , not by reference to the names of individuals with whom we have corresponded . ”
Souter was knighted last year for services to transport and the voluntary sector .
Questions were raised because they announced that they would donate £500,000 to the SNP shortly after the knighthood ­ nomination was made .
But a report by Lord Fraser last November found that allegations that ministers directed Souter 's nomination were “ wrong ” and “ ill-founded ” .
All of this has already had a profound effect on Japanese housing . Between the mid-1990s and 2013 , the number of vacant or abandoned properties in Japan doubled . These neglected structures now make up an estimated 13.5 percent of the country 's housing stock . The phenomenon of abandoned Japanese homes is so widespread that people have begun writing poetry about it . When the Tokyo Association of Housing and Land Investigators put out a call for satirical haikus on the topic , it received 4,000 responses . “ Where we were born , vacant houses gather , for legacy 's sake , ” read one . `` Watch out ! Earthquakes and Thunder ! Burning Vacant Homes , ” read another .
Any way you measure them , Japan 's population figures are dire . The country is expected to lose more than one-third of its population by 2060 , thanks largely to low birth rates and an aging populace . In 2012 , according to Japan 's Statistical Yearbook , the country 's annual death-to-population ratio passed one percent . This is n't astoundingly high : the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency 's World Factbook ranks Japan 's death rate ( the deaths during a year per 1,000 population ) at 54th out of 225 countries . But the trouble comes when you factor in the fertility rate : Japan currently has the third-lowest recorded birth rate in the world .
It 's as though the entire country is facing a U.S. Rust Belt-style population problem . “ Tokyo could end up being surrounded by Detroits , ” one Japanese real estate expert told The New York Times in August . And like some Rust Belt cities , Japan has taken to dealing with it through legislation .
Passed in May 2015 , Japan 's newest Vacant Housing Law is similar to moves in some shrinking U.S. cities that give government more latitude to enforce code violations and tear down structures that have become blighted and potentially dangerous . But the Japanese law 's real innovation , according to Peter Manda , a New Jersey-based fraud investigator with EY ( formerly Ernst & Young ) who 's working toward an advanced international law degree at Boston University , is its focus on creating a database that not only identifies vacant properties and their owners , but also helps bring those properties into public use .
In the current edition of Cityscape , the journal of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , Manda analyzes Japan 's Vacant Housing Law with an eye toward the U.S. experience .
“ They 're not just going in and razing the properties , ” Manda tells CityLab . “ They 're also turning these properties into municipal buildings and affordable housing . ”
“ What happens in 20 years when there are n't any more seniors in the community ? ”
Here 's how it works : In Japan , local municipalities are authorized by the country 's national government to create councils that keep track of properties showing signs of possible abandonment . Those councils then report vacant properties to national tax authorities , who hand over ownership data and log the information into a national database . That database tracks where the vacant properties are located , and whether any progress has been made to remediate . If no progress is made after the councils notify owners what needs to be done , fines are levied . If the owners are unable to remediate—or they ca n't be located at all—the councils then have the right to demolish or refurbish the properties as long as that use is approved by the national government for , as Manda puts it , “ cultural , social , or governmental purposes that are predefined in an approved smart growth-oriented response plan. ” In addition to fines , a national tax funds the whole process .
It 's too early to say whether Japan 's program is a success—or whether municipalities might face accusations of unfair practices in targeting certain properties—but the model is sound , Manda says . The national scope is what makes the program novel and , if the U.S. is smart , it will follow Japan 's lead . As Manda sees it , Japan 's vacant housing problem foreshadows what the U.S. could soon face .
( Courtesy Cityscape )
The Census Bureau projects that the United States ' overall population will grow by about 31 percent over the next 45 years . But dig into those projections and you 'll find that the increase hinges in large part on immigration : nearly 15 percent of the people contributing to the increase from 2010 to 2060 are expected to be foreign-born . The Pew Charitable Trusts puts that number even higher . If the nativist rhetoric of the Republican presidential campaign extends beyond the primaries , the Census bureau and Pew might want to reconsider their estimates .
If MLK Were Alive Today ( video )
Among the most common refrains one might hear on or around Martin Luther King , Jr. day is “ If Martin Luther King , Jr were alive today they would … ” and here the speaker or author would no doubt insert evidence that the great civil rights leader would be leading the charge for whatever campaign or cause most inspires the speaker/ author .
No one can say what King would be doing or saying if government agencies at the local , state and federal level ( including the FBI and CIA with an assist from a Mafia henchman ) had not conspired to murder him .
They did , however . At least according to the verdict of a 1999 civil suit that had 70 witnesses testify over the course of the 4-week trial .
That many of us have never heard of this trial , but seem to have acquired an encyclopedic knowledge of the toothpaste preferences of American Idol contestants , a belief that there is a substantive difference between Democrats and Republicans , and/or the ability to TWERK is all by design .
So then , what is the conspiracy and what is the truth ?
The truth is , Martin Luther King , Jr. was just 39 at the time of their death . They have been dead longer than they were alive . As we spend MLK day browsing the catalogue of the inspiring quotes and actions that MLK left behind and wondering the big “ what if ” do n't forget that you are alive today .
Furthermore , it is very likely that there is no one conspiring to kill you ; not government agencies , mobsters or dull racist fools like James Earl Ray .
When you assess the world you live in and the inequities that are so interwoven within the systems that carry us throughout the average day , what are you going to do about them ? Some things have not changed since Martin Luther King 's death . The United States is now , as it was when they said it , the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today .
Racism , while it takes on a different form now than it did in the 1960s , is still a major force that shapes our culture , our economy and our relationships . Ask yourself if George Zimmerman would be free is we truly lived in a post racist society .
Poverty is now as it was then connected to race , and the wealth divide between the rich and the poor has been growing since Ronald Reagan reluctantly signed the bill creating the federal holiday to honor the man who would certainly be fighting for an increased minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , and fighting to shut down Guantánamo Bay prison , and bring the troops home from all corners of the world and they would certainly be Occupying Wall Street…
I did it , did n't I ? I went and told you what King would be doing were they alive today because I think it is what you should be doing if you were alive today .
Many of you , of coarse , are not alive . The life has been sucked from you by the television and the Internet and a system that certainly does not want you to dream the way Martin Luther King , Jr did . For the rest of you who are in fact alive , know we should not mistake non-violence with deference or passivity . What King said , in their watershed speech Beyond Vietnam , A Time To Break The Silence , bears revisiting :
“ Our only hope today lies in our ability to recapture the revolutionary spirit and go out into a sometimes hostile world declaring eternal hostility to poverty , racism , and militarism . ”
The night before they were killed , they had this to say :
“ Like anybody , I would like to live a long life . Longevity has its place . But I 'm not concerned about that now . I just want to do God 's will . And He 's allowed me to go up to the mountain . And I 've looked over . And I 've seen the Promised Land . I may not get there with you . But I want you to know tonight , that we , as a people , will get to the promised land ! And so I 'm happy , tonight . I 'm not worried about anything . I 'm not fearing any man ! ”
We do n't know if the glimpse they claimed to get from the mountaintop of the promised land looked anything like the world we have today . Yes we have an African American President , but we also have 400 people in this country whose net worth is equal to the entire African- American population , and those 400 people are not shamed- they need not hide , but rather they grace the cover of magazines are held up as success stories and not as beneficiaries of a crime , if not criminals themselves . We also have a security and surveillance state that see you when you sleep and knows when you 're awake because decades of being the greatest purveyor of violence in the world has generated so much fear of the potential blow back we have coming to us that we are prepared to give away liberty in the pursuit of a perception of security .
If Martin Luther King , Jr. were alive today , what would they do about this world ?
We have no way of knowing for sure .
You , however , are alive . What will you do ?
OKLAHOMA CITY — The Nets were done in again by their Achilles ' heels : rebounding and defending the point guard . The Thunder and Russell Westbrook mercilessly abused them on both fronts on Friday night .
The Nets made a change at point guard , but it was n't reinstating Jeremy Lin , who is still recovering from a left hamstring strain . Instead , they started Randy Foye against Westbrook , their former Thunder teammate , and it went as well as expected . Foye finished with two points , three assists and four turnovers , while Westbrook had 30 points , 13 assists and 11 boards .
Brooklyn also was battered 46-30 on the boards , and was outscored 62-42 in the paint .
“ We 've got to do a better job protecting the rim . I thought they were getting to the rim , and we did n't protect it like we should , and we need to do a better job , '' coach Kenny Atkinson said after the Nets ' 124-105 loss to the Thunder .
“ I 'd say [ we were ] not focused , not locked-in the whole time you 're out there , '' Rondae Hollis-Jefferson said . “ Definitely I 'm holding myself accountable being out there , giving up backdoors or straight line drives . I 've got to watch film on it and try to stay locked-in as long as I 'm out there , and trying to keep my teammates the same . ”
Lin 's injury was reevaluated Thursday , but the Nets still offered no timetable for their return .
“ Just progressing as planned . He 's on target . I 'm not going to give exact dates … but he 's progressing on schedule , '' Atkinson said of Lin , who did n't take part in Friday 's shootaround , but ran and shot afterward . “ I 'm going to listen to the performance team . We 're going to be smart about this , take a long term approach . ”
Friday was the first head coaching meeting for longtime friends Atkinson and Billy Donovan , both of whom grew up on Long Island .
“ Kenny and I have known each other for a long , long time . Long time , '' Donovan said . “ We grew up in basically the same area of New York . Their brother Mike and I worked together at Kentucky , their older brother and I were together , developed a great close relationship . Mike 's a basketball junkie . Kenny obviously coming up playing , I played with Kenny in parks in New York .
“ I was kind of phasing out playing , Kenny was kind of in the prime of their playing . It was great to see their career basketball-wise , playing-wise unfold like it did , and what they did as a player in college , getting a chance at the NBA level and now coaching . But he 's a guy that comes from a family that just loves the game of basketball . ”
Donovan starred for St. Agnes in Rockville Centre , while Atkinson played at St Anthony 's in South Huntington , just 24 miles away .
DES MOINES , Iowa–responding forcefully to the ISIS attack on Paris , Donald Trump today said that as president , they would build a wall along the border between the United States and Europe to protect against threats from the Middle East , France , and Germany .
“ If there 's one thing I 've learned from the study of history , ” said Trump , holding up a copy of Patton , “ it 's that Europe 's problems will eventually affect us as well . Therefore the only practical solution to stop the flow of migrants and terrorists and waiters and high-end spa personnel is to build a wall at least thirty feet high all along our shared border . ”
Asked how , exactly , such a wall would be built , Trump was dismissive . “ That 's the kind of nitpicky thinking that got us in this mess , ” they said . “ I 'll have one of my business guys work it out . ”
Trump also said that the wall would n't cost American taxpayers anything , as they would force Europe and the Middle East to pay for it through levies on their major exports such as Lebanese cucumbers , French fries , and German measles .
Advertisements
GET READY to start your engines RuPaul 's Drag Race fans .
The official Battle of The Seasons tour is coming to Australia for the first time .
The “ Battle of the Seasons ” tour , now in its third consecutive year , will again be hosted by series judge Michelle Visage .
The new season features an all-­star cast of past winners , finalists and fan favorites including Adore Delano​ , ​Alaska Thunderf * # k , ​ ​Ivy Winters​ , ​Jinkx Monsoon , ​​ ​Manila Luzon​ , Sharon Needles​ , ​Violet Chachki and Detox .
“ Last year the world got merely a taste of RuPaul 's queens with the first global Battle of the Seasons Tour , '' says Michelle Visage , host of the Battle of the Seasons tour and RPDR judge .
`` This year we are back , and these queens are bigger and badder than before .
`` Get ready for the ULTIMATE RuPaul 's Drag Race experience from the minute you walk through the doors . It is a once-­in-­a-­lifetime extravaganza that you will NOT want to miss . ''
Witness the eleganza and gag on the shade of it all in a night of unforgettable music and madness with the world 's most talented drag performers .
Tour dates :
DATES :
MELBOURNE - Friday 1st July
Venue : Festival Hall
( All Ages )
SYDNEY - Saturday 2nd July
Venue : Big Top
( All Ages )
BRISBANE - Sunday 3rd July
Venue : Eatons Hill Hotel
( All Ages )
ADELAIDE - Tuesday 5th July .
Venue : The Barton Theatre
( All Ages )
PERTH - Wednesday 6th July .
Venue : Astor Theatre
( All Ages )
Links :
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Officials used containers of water to try and put out the flames
A female suicide bomber has blown up themselves in northern Nigeria 's Gombe city , minutes after President Goodluck Jonathan left a campaign rally there .
At least one person was killed and 18 others were wounded in the blast , police and hospital sources said .
Mr Jonathan is standing for re-election on 14 February against former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari .
Militant Islamist group Boko Haram has stepped up its attacks in the run-up to the contest .
It has not commented on the blast .
Explosions have also ripped through court buildings in three towns in oil-rich southern Nigeria in what police described as co-ordinated attacks .
Dynamite was suspected to have been used in the attacks in Port Harcourt city and the towns of Isiokpo and Degema in oil-rich Rivers State , regional police spokesperson Ahmad Muhammed said .
There were no casualties , but the court building in Degema was `` razed down and documents burnt '' , they are quoted by Nigeria 's privately owned Daily Trust newspaper as saying .
Boko Haram is not known to be active in the oil-producing region , where militants demanding a greater share of Nigeria 's oil wealth have carried out attacks in the past .
'Angry youth '
In the blast in Gombe , the bomber blew themselves up near a car , Gombe state police spokesperson Fwaje Atajiri told the BBC .
They said a female passerby had been killed , contradicting earlier reports that three people had been killed in the blast .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Jonathan addressed their supporters shortly before the blast
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Explosions also ripped through the city on Sunday
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Residents have set up checkpoints to defend Gombe
Mohammed Bolari , who was at the rally in Gombe , said the explosion occurred some three minutes after Mr Jonathan 's departure , AFP news agency reports .
`` The president had just passed the parking lot and we were trailing behind their convoy when the explosion happened , '' they were quoted as saying .
Mr Jonathan addressed a rally in the north-eastern city a day after it was hit by two blasts that killed at least five people .
A local journalist told AFP the latest blast had led to unrest in Gombe , with angry youths attacking supporters of Mr Jonathan 's People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) .
`` They were shouting and denouncing the president 's visit which they blamed for the attack , '' they added .
A report in the Nigerian paper The Vanguard says the president and Mr Buhari have cancelled scheduled election rallies in Damaturu in Yobe state and Maiduguri in Borno state respectively .
Analysis by Will Ross , BBC News , Nigeria
It may not have been as large as other bombings in Nigeria but the timing of the latest attack will have shocked the security forces . The violence is escalating in the run-up to elections due in less than two weeks .
The attacks are blamed on Boko Haram which is against democracy and says it wants to set up a caliphate .
As well as the bombings the military is facing a huge challenge as the Boko Haram fighters try to capture more territory in the north-east .
On Sunday , the military and local vigilantes prevented the jihadists from penetrating Maiduguri city in Borno state for the second time in a week .
Military aircraft from Chad have meanwhile continued their attacks on Boko Haram positions in north-east Nigeria for a third day .
Eyewitnesses said Chadian jets and helicopters hit targets in the town of Gamboru , just across the border from Cameroon .
Chad sent forces into northern Cameroon in January , driving Boko Haram out of the area but stopping short of advancing on the militants ' strongholds deeper inside Nigeria .
Chadian forces are reported to have been massing in the Cameroonian border town of Fotokol since Sunday .
The election is expected to be the most tightly contested since military rule ended in 1999 but there are growing fears that voters in areas controlled by Boko Haram will not be able to vote .
Last week , the African Union ( AU ) backed plans for the deployment of a 7,500-strong regional force to fight Boko Haram .
Mr Jonathan declared a state of emergency in Nigeria 's north-eastern states of Borno , Yobe and Adamawa in May 2013 , but it has not stopped the Boko Haram offensive .
Images via AceShowBiz/Antiquiet
Every February , the music world turns its head to Los Angles , CA for the annual Grammy Awards . Music 's most elite get themselves all dolled up , walk the red carpet , and eagerly await to see if fate has shined on them and given them that golden gramophone and all that accolades that accompany a well-deserved win . Fans from far and wide make it a point to obsessively watch the event , blogging live results , and celebrating the wins of their most beloved artists .
And then the next day everyone forgets everything that happened and we go on happily with our lives .
Despite their status as the premiere award for musicians and those in the music industry , the Grammys are , for all intents and purposes , worthless . It has nothing to do with hegemonic voting committee or the lack of diversity in the nominee 's pool ( sure , we will believe Taylor Swift had the best album of 2010 . Yeah yeah . Bob 's your uncle . ) Instead , it 's the fact that the art of celebrating artists with a gold statue is a rather antiquated model , especially when we can join their mailing list , follow them on Twitter , buy merch literally 24-7-365 on their site , or even help finance their new album .
But like we catch some kind of horrid fever each year , the whole thing starts anew with the Grammy Nominations Concert . Hosted this year by LL Cool J , it 's the first phase in what is a long , drawn-out process where we seemingly always know what will happen , are never surprised , and still begrudgingly enjoy every moment of it . Perhaps it 's instinct ; maybe the need for comfort . It could even be that every one of us is a glutton for punishment . Either way , you 've probably skipped ahead to just get to the nominees . Hey , do n't worry about it ; we 're right there with ya .
Oh , and yes , Arcade Fire and Justin Bieber can finally appear in a headline together !
The Grammy Awards take place February 13 , 2011 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on CBS .
Record of the Year
B.o.B . ft. Bruno Mars – “ Nothin ' On You ”
Eminem ft. Rihanna – “ Love The Way You Lie ”
Cee-Lo Green – “ Fuck You ”
Jay-Z ft. Alicia Keys – “ Empire State Of Mind ”
Lady Antebellum – “ Need You Now ”
Album of the Year
Arcade Fire – The Suburbs
Eminem – Recovery
Lady Antebellum – Need You Now
Lady Gaga – The Fame Monster
Katy Perry – Teenage Dream
Song of the Year
Ray Lamontagne – “ Beg Steal Or Borrow ”
Cee-Lo Green – “ Fuck You ”
Lady Antebellum – “ Need You Now ”
Eminem ft. Rihanna – “ Love The Way You Lie ”
Miranda Lambert – “ The House That Built Me ”
Best New Artist
Justin Bieber
Drake
Florence and the Machine
Mumford & Sons
Esperanza Spalding
Best Rock Song
Neil Young – “ Angry World ”
Mumford & Sons – “ Little Lion Man ”
Kings of Leon – “ Radioactive ”
Muse – “ Resistance ”
The Black Keys – “ Tighten Up ”
Best Alternative Album
Arcade Fire – The Suburbs
Band of Horses – Infinite Arms
The Black Keys – Brothers
Broken Bells – Broken Bells
Vampire Weekend – Contra
Best Rap Song
Jay-Z ft. Alicia Keys – “ Empire State Of Mind ”
Eminem ft. Rihanna – “ Love The Way You Lie ”
Eminem – “ Not Afraid ”
B.o.B . ft. Bruno Mars – “ Nothin ' On You ”
Jay-Z & Swizz Beatz – “ On To The Next One ”
Best Rap Album
B.o.B . – The Adventures Of Bobby Ray
Drake – Thank Me Later
Eminem – Recovery
Jay-Z – The Blueprint 3
The Roots – How I Got Over
Chinese government officials returned a Texas business person to the United States just days after convicting them of espionage charges .
`` I 'm relieved that Sandy Phan-Gillis has been released and will soon be reunited with their loved ones in Houston , '' Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn , R-Texas , said Saturday . `` The unlawful detention of an American citizen for more than two years with little to no explanation by Chinese authorities is shameful and unacceptable . ''
Phan-Gillis was arrested in 2015 on charges of having spied for the United States in 1996 . The Obama administration and United Nations condemned the arrest as a case of `` arbitrary detention , '' but Chinese authors proceeded with a case against them that culminated in them receiving a three-and-a-half-year prison sentence on Tuesday . Within days , however , they were returned unexpectedly home — deported , rather than being required to serve their sentence .
`` We are aware that Chinese authorities deported Ms. Phan-Gillis back to the United States , '' a State Department official told the Washington Examiner . `` The United States welcomes them home . ''
American leaders still fumed that they had been detained at all . `` It should be noted that Sandy 's purpose in visiting China two years ago was to strengthen commercial and cultural exchanges on behalf of the city of Houston , '' Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , said Saturday . `` The Chinese government — cynically and to the astonishment of many — perceived this cultural bridge-builder as a threat . Sandy was unjustly deprived of their liberty for two years , time during which they were denied basic legal protections and their loved ones lacked accurate information about their condition . ''
Them release comes in the midst of a flurry of high-level diplomacy between the United States and China , chiefly focused on the threat of the North Korean nuclear weapons program . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson traveled to Beijing in March , followed by Chinese President Xi Jinping 's trip to Mar-a-Lago in April . China 's top diplomat attended a meeting of the U.N. Security Council on Friday that Tillerson chaired , also focused on the North Korean threat .
`` Consular officers most recently met with Ms. Phan-Gillis on April 10 , 2017 , '' a State Department official told the Washington Examiner . `` We regularly raised Ms. Phan-Gillis ' case with Chinese officials , including at the most senior levels . Beyond what we have already said , we will not discuss the specific nature of our conversations about this case . ''
Them return gives the Trump administration something to celebrate on their 100th day in office , a significant milestone for their team . `` This is a day of great celebration for their family and all Texans , '' Cruz said . `` I applaud the State Department and thank President Trump for their leadership in securing Sandy 's release . ''
The Dutch water injection dredger 'Jetsed ' pictured in 2014 . The vessel has returned to Cork this month for further dredging works . Pic : Richard Mills
Expect a temporary stink as river bed is dredged
EXPECT a stink from the River Lee in the coming days as the Port of Cork dredges the riverbed .
Every three years the Port of Cork carries out dredging work in the harbour and the quaysides to maintain the shipping channel . The work disturbs the riverbed , dragging up sediment and releasing gases like hydrogen sulphide . While the gases are safe , they are responsible for the eggy smell that could hang over the river in the coming days .
In 2014 , Barrack Street , MacCurtain Street , Shandon , North Main Street , Patrick 's Street and Merchant 's Quay were all affected by the smell as a result of dredging . However , it was thought the lack ro rain and warm temperatures exacerbated the situation at that time .
The current dredging scheme is expected to last until the end of October but the city quays portion is planned to be completed by October 9 , limiting the smell in the city centre . The Port of Cork said it is taking measures to limit the impact .
`` These gasses are the result of decomposing organic matter on the seabed and under the silt . In some areas , there are still the remains of the sewage which was historically pumped untreated directly into the river prior to the commissioning of the Cork Main Drainage System . ''
`` These areas have a more pungent odour as there are still some gasses released as a result of this historic activity . On occasion , depending on the wind direction , when the dredger is operating in these areas ( particularly near the train station ) , this odour can be transported to areas of the city , '' the Port company said .
The vessel only dredges the city quays areas at high tide for a maximum of 40 minutes , twice in a 24 hour period , due to tidal restrictions , and daytime dredging is kept to a minimum where possible .
Then-Democratic presidential candidate Bill Clinton drives their wife Hillary and daughter Chelsea to their 46th birthday party in their vintage Mustang in Little Rock , Ark. , on Aug. 19 , 1992 . ( Mark Lennihan/AP Photo )
The last time Hillary Clinton got behind the wheel , their husband was still president and `` Macarena '' was on the top of the charts .
`` Last time I actually drove a car myself was 1996 , '' Clinton said during a speech today at the National Automobile Dealers Association meeting in New Orleans .
Recalling the experience , Clinton said : `` I remember it very well , and unfortunately , so does the Secret Service , which is why I have n't driven since then . ''
Clinton , who as a former first lady has lifetime Secret Service protection , acknowledged that not being able to drive was `` one of the regrets I have about public life . ''
`` My husband thinks that 's a blessing , '' they joked , `` but he 's the one who should talk . ''
It did n't take long for Republicans to jump on Clinton 's comments . The GOP opposition research group , America Rising , posted a video of Clinton 's speech under the headline , `` Out Of Touch ? ''
`` Hillary Clinton showed just how Washington she 's gone over the past two decades , jokingly telling the audience about the fact that they have n't driven a car in over 17 years , '' reads a blog post on the group 's website . `` Maybe they put in a tape of The Macarena ( which was on top of the charts ) during their last time behind the wheel ? ''
AFTER the Maidan revolution and the start of the Russian war against Ukraine in 2014 , Western policy had two aims : to halt and punish Russian aggression and to help Ukraine become a democratic state governed by the rule of law . America imposed sanctions on Russia , ordered the president , Petro Poroshenko , to establish an anti-corruption force and sent Joe Biden , then vice-president , on repeated visits to insist on fighting graft . The EU imposed sanctions on Russia , and made support for civil-society and the rule of law a linchpin of the association agreement it signed with Ukraine in 2014 .
In that light , the news out of Ukraine over the past few weeks has been dire . The country 's prosecutor-general has disrupted investigations by its National Anti-corruption Bureau , with the apparent consent of Mr Poroshenko . The interior minister has intervened to protect their son from similar scrutiny . Officers in the security service , the SBU , have tried to arrest Mikheil Saakashvili , the former Georgian president turned Ukrainian corruption-fighter , only to be driven back by protesters . Prosecutors are targeting anti-corruption activists ; the army , interior-ministry troops and private militias work at cross-purposes , answering to different politicians or oligarchs . Mr Poroshenko 's government has been seriously weakened .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
To some Europeans and Americans , this picture suggests that their efforts to persuade Ukraine to turn over a new leaf were always doomed to fail . That is a misreading . In fact , the recent chaos in Ukraine comes in part because in the past year , especially since the inauguration of President Donald Trump , Europe and America have eased the pressure . If they do not restore their commitment to defending anti-corruption reforms , Ukraine risks sinking back into the morass from which it tried to extricate itself with Maidan .
Ukraine 's grubby politicians and oligarchs have tried to frustrate Western aims without openly defying them ( see article ) . Partly as a result , policy under Mr Trump has lost its focus on fighting graft . Kurt Volker , the American envoy to Ukraine , works on external security ; America may soon sell the country lethal weapons for the first time . But when the State Department complains about corruption , it is ignored—because ( unlike Mr Biden ) the White House offers it no support . As for the EU , few believe it would jeopardise its association agreement with Ukraine for the sake of the rule of law . So , the country 's elite no longer fears attacking investigators and activists .
Lay off the pay-offs
If they succeed in ending the attempts to fight graft , it will be a disaster for Ukraine—and a step back for Europe and America , too . The country is the focal point of the West 's conflict with Russia . Weak and divided , it is vulnerable to Russian encroachment , especially if Vladimir Putin decides they need to fire up patriotic Russian voters . Chaos would also buttress Mr Putin 's claim that the West 's aims in Ukraine are purely anti-Russian and have nothing to do with democracy or the rule of law . All this would undermine the rules-based global order , with consequences in the South China Sea and elsewhere .
Now that Ukraine is defying complaints by America 's State Department and the EU 's foreign-policy arm , it is vital that America and Europe use every tool at their disposal to support corruption-fighters in Kiev . The EU should make plain that the benefits of the association pact depend on progress against graft ; America should attach the same conditions to arm sales . Prosecutors in Western capitals should investigate the laundering of ill-gotten Ukrainian wealth . Support for Ukraine 's territorial integrity should not involve tolerance for the lack of integrity among its politicians .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
As pride events are kicking off all around the world , the US state of California has resumed issuing marriage licences to same-sex couples , following a Supreme Court ruling this week .
The plaintiffs in the case challenging California 's former state-wide ban on equal marriage , have become the first to get married in the state , as the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday gave the green light for same-sex weddings to resume .
The US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday lifted its stay on an injunction , which had ordered state officials to stop enforcing Prop 8 , meaning marriage licenses could immediately be issued to same-sex couples .
Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier , were married at San Francisco 's City Hall on Friday , conducted by the Californian Attorney General Kamala Harris .
Harris said : “ I know declare you spouses for life ” . Harris prior to the ceremony said : “ I could not be more honoured to stand here today and joint they two of them in marriage ” .
The ceremony came only hours after the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco lifted its stay , allowing same-sex weddings to resume .
Perry and Stier were the plaintiffs in the case brought to the Supreme Court , challenging Prop 8 . Supporters of the measure to ban equal marriage have vowed to pursue efforts to have the ban , which was supported by 52 % of Californians in 2008 , reenforced .
Freedom 's Watch , the Ari Fleischer outfit that is now being advised by Karl Rove , is running robocalls against vulnerable Democratic freshmen and challengers , trying to pin the high cost of gas on them .
As if .
So Blue America got Mike Farrell ( of M * A * S * H fame ) to record robcalls in the districts of five targeted progressives in order to counter them :
Hi , this is Mike Farrell with an apology and a message . I know these calls can be annoying and I 'm sorry to impose , but I agree with Blue America that a reality check is needed . You may have gotten a call from a group called Freedom 's Watch about gas prices . They 're fronting for Karl Rove and billionaires who want to pin the high cost of gas on Linda Stender and New Jersey 's 14 cent gas tax . Freedom 's Watch is actually a group of Bush supporters desperate to keep your eye off the Iraq war and the saber rattling aimed at Iran that national security experts say has added more than TWO DOLLARS to the price at the pump . Bombing oil fields drives gas prices up . That 's just reality . The billionaires at Freedom 's Watch need to elect more Republicans who 'll take more of our money at the pump . Electing Democrats like Linda Stender is their worst nightmare . Let 's keep THEM up at night for a change , Vote Linda Stender for Congress .
As Chris Cillizza writes this morning in the Washington Post :
National Democrats have long warned that it is Freedom 's Watch , not the National Republican Congressional Campaign Committee , that poses the greatest threat to maximizing their gains at the ballot box this fall . Is Blue America 's robo-call campaign the start of something bigger or just a lone voice in the wilderness ?
Here is the list of candidates on whose behalf we 're making calls :
CT-05 Chris Murphy
ME-01 Tom Allen
WI-08 Steve Kagen
NJ-03 John Adler
NJ-07 Linda Stender
We 're going to continue to help progressive candidates defend against these attacks . As for the Democrats who voted for FISA , in favor of war funding and bad energy policy ?
Maybe they can call their telecom and Big Oil donors for help .
Three Years In , The 'Six Strikes ' Anti-Piracy Plan is a Dud A little more than three years ago most of the large ISPs joined a new anti-piracy initiative crafted by the entertainment industry dubbed the Copyright Alert System . In CAS , users are given warning letters for copyright infringement as has long been industry practice , but ISPs will also give users a slap on the wrist for the behavior , ranging from brief filtering of websites to temporary throttling of their connections -- until targets acknowledge receipt of `` educational '' anti-piracy material .
The warnings escalate ( `` strikes '' ) in the hopes of scaring pirates straight until the system effectively deems users are beyond hope -- at which point -- nothing happens . There 's no mechanism to track targeted pirates between ISPs , and no political will to create such a system . Originally it was feared that the entertainment industry would continually revise the program until it became more and more draconian . That obviously has n't happened in large part thanks to ISP resistance to anything beyond what 's currently in place . By and large most ISP executives I 've spoken to privately to about the initiative have acknowledged that scaring tots into not downloading pirated material does n't work for long , most realizing such systems can be easily bypassed via VPN and proxy anyway . As such , they 're not keen on spending more money on the issue . And while the CCI ( the Center for Copyright Information , tasked with overseeing the program ) has suggested the existing six strikes program has been a smashing success , few if any stats have emerged indicating that all the money spent has actually accomplished much of anything . BitTorrent traffic has declined , but most analysts believe that 's due more to the emergence of legitimate streaming services than anything done by the RIAA , MPAA and its ilk . And the folks behind the program do n't appear to be doing much of anything . Torrent Freak points out that the system 's Twitter account has laid dormant for more than a year , and the CCI has issued just three press releases since the program went live . Still , CCI Executive Director Jim Kohlenberger tells TorrentFreak that the system continues to be a success . “ The system continues to work smoothly , effectively , and as intended , ” they say . “ We 've seen that consumers are interested in the activity happening on their network , that they respond to educationally focused efforts , and are thirsty for more information on the amazing new ways to ethically access content where , when , and how they want , '' they added . As it stands the current system is operational until October , at which point the entertainment industry 's partner ISPs on the initiative ( AT & T , Verizon , Comcast and Time Warner Cable ) need to agree on another expansion of or modification to the program . But expanding the program further is a tough proposition , given many countries have abandoned similar efforts after realizing such programs cause more problems than they `` fix . '' With such systems now out of vogue and politically-powerful ISPs still strongly opposed to footing the bill anyway , it should prove interesting to see just what the entertainment industry 's next-generation of ISP-side copyright enforcement will look like . With such systems now out of vogue and politically-powerful ISPs still strongly opposed to footing the bill anyway , it should prove interesting to see just what the entertainment industry 's next-generation of ISP-side copyright enforcement will look like .
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 31 comments
Nanaki ( banned )
aka novaflare . pull punches ? Na
join:2002-01-24
Akron , OH 10 recommendations Nanaki ( banned ) Member Times change and content creators need to change with them Instead of targeting pirates how about making piracy pointless ?
Take tv episodes as a example likely the most `` pirated '' media next to music or tied with music . Most all if not all tv episodes are released after they air the first time . The first airing of a tv episode is when the company and broadcasters make the majority of their money from the show . For a couple years most of the major broadcasters were releasing their series tv eps a week after air date on their websites to view for free . I watched probably 99 % of my tv shows i watch on the networks web site or used some tricks to just download it and watch it on my comp later on . With a vast majority of the money they make well in to likely the mid to high 90 % mark what broadcasters and production houses should do is simply put them online them selves for download on torrent . Include the first air commercials in the dl and let the down loader do the skipping . Pirated copies will cease to exist . Some will download and nuke the commercials and reupload but honestly who really cares ?
After that first run the show is bought and paid for and made every one involved plenty of money anyhow . Movies are a bit different they have various stages of money making one is obviously release weekend and the first couple weeks post first weekend then blueray then special features . But again most money is made release week then blueray release . Release the digital copy a month or 2 after first week run then the blueray disk version say 6 months after bd is released etc . This would do much to put a big dent in piracy .
Threats wont work even if backed up with legal action to many ways as stated to hide your self online . ISPs are not looking to become internet cops enforcing laws and rules set up by the gov or by the media industry and why should they ? mmay149q
Premium Member
join:2009-03-05
Dallas , TX 2 recommendations mmay149q Premium Member When I read this all I could think was Why would the ISP 's want to expand this when they 're expanding usage caps ? Why would I care if you 're downloading 1TB of data a month if you 're paying me extra for that data anyway ? See I think it 's currently in the best interests of the ISP 's to do away with this because people are going to be more likely to not download torrents if it means paying an extra $ 10 just to download the cracked Doom 4 game or paying $ 20 to download a 100GB techno/dubstep/EDM mix for the best of 2014 . A lot of Bluray rips are around 20 - 30GB 's for the good ones so who is willing going to pay an extra $ 10 just to download 1 movie and then have to pay an additional $ 10 for the next one you want if instead you can go to the store and pick them up for the same price or close to it ? I know this does n't STOP piracy , but it will definitely slow it down , and I would n't be surprised if that 's the other reason caps are in place , makes sense for an ISP , profiting off illegal activity while saying that you 're just `` managing your network '' seems like the perfect BS scheme most ISP 's would do anyway ...
A north Alabama woman is behind bars , accused of slaughtering a Chihuahua to help them stage a miscarriage , authorities said .
Anita Parker , 43 , is charged with felony animal cruelty . They are being held in the Lawrence County Jail with bond set at $ 7,000 .
Investigators told WAFF television station that Parker faked a pregnancy for seven months . First responders were called to their home Thursday night on a report of pregnancy-related complications . They arrived to find the woman covered in blood , and they were taken to the hospital to be treated for what authorities believed was a miscarriage .
According to the television station , doctors told authorities Parker has never been pregnant . Them boyfriend went back to their home and found the dead dog in a trash can . Deputies said they used the blood and tissue to fake them miscarriage .
We should 've stopped taking the poison of the white nationalist movement — the hate speech , the racist rallies — as a joke immediately . The current climate should have sparked a national emergency instead .
Was n't Dylan Roof , with their cowardly 2015 massacre of nine church members who invited them in to pray , enough ? That crime was followed by the case in March of James Harris Jackson , who police say confessed to killing Timothy Caughman , a homeless black man with a reputation for helping people . Caughman did n't even know that they were under attack until a knife was in him . Jackson has been charged with terrorism and second-degree murder as a hate crime .
Advertisement :
As the media breaks its neck to paint hate crimes as the actions of troubled individuals , rather than as symptoms of the many problems in society that create , justify and co-sign these crimes , law enforcement gets away with not investigating or taking meaningful action against the many disgusting , hate-filled Facebook groups and online publications like the National Policy Institute and the Council of Conservative Citizens , the website that originally radicalized Roof . The leaders of white supremacist organizations may not be perpetrating hate crimes themselves ; I believe , however , that Roof 's multiple murders , as well as other hate crimes , are a reflection of the culture and rhetoric being circulated . And as a result of our inaction , we have lost another life .
Around 3 a.m. on Saturday morning , Richard Collins III , 23 , was leaving a party with some friends . While waiting for an Uber ride on the University of Maryland campus , the group was approached by Sean Christopher Urbanski , 22 , according to reports . They walked toward the group and addressed Collins . “ Step left , step left if you know what 's best for you , ” they said .
Collins did n't step left and was stabbed in the chest area . Collins ' friends and the Uber driver called for an ambulance but it was too late . Collins died shortly afterward .
Surveillance cameras captured footage , and witnesses have said Urbanski appeared to be intoxicated . Urbanski has been charged with first-degree murder , and authorities are investigating whether to charge them with a hate crime . As The Washington Post reported , according to campus police , Urbanski was was a member of a white supremacist Facebook group called `` Alt-Reich Nation . ''
Collins , on the other hand , was a second lieutenant in the Army . A senior at Bowie State University , they were set to graduate on Tuesday with a degree in business administration . But an act of violence that may have roots in the hate that is constantly ignored or downplayed by law enforcement denied them that opportunity and their family the chance to witness it .
When will we start treating white supremacy seriously and investigating these groups like the gangs they are ? Is that even possible now that we have a president who surrounds themselves with people like Steve Bannon , who has profited off providing a hospitable environment for white nationalist rhetoric ? Today I wonder where all of the right-wing I-love-the-troops voices are — to speak up for Collins and their family . I 'm not seeing much conservative commentary on their tragic incident , and I 'm sure that their family could use the support .
Interchange of the Week
Monday , 2 October 2000 I-490 , I-590 & NY 590 , Rochester :
The `` Can of Worms '' full-size image ( 337 KB ) is also available .
Orientation : I-490 runs left to right . I-590 enters at bottom left , changes to NY 590 at the double overpass ( center ) , and leaves at top right . NY 96 ( East Avenue ) runs from bottom right to top left , passing over I-590 and under I-490 simultaneously . University Avenue enters at extreme top left , ending at a split at East Avenue . Winton Road is the diagonal north-south road at top left . The brown line is the CSX railroad mainline .
Exit numbers : This interchange marks Exit 21 on I-490 and Exit 5 on I-590 and NY 590 . Half of I-490 's Exit 20 is also within this interchange complex .
The interchange : This interchange is familiarly called the `` Can of Worms '' , a name first applied to the original interchange at this location ( see bottom photo ) . This was completely reconstructed between 1987 and 1991 , resulting in the configuration shown above . The right-of-way limits of the old interchange are still visible in this picture , as is the embankment which once carried the ramp from I-490 WB to NY 590 NB , just to the right of the present ramp .
The new version provides semi-directional flyovers for all freeway connections , only one of which is a left-exit ( from NY 590 SB ) . The `` offset '' configuration stems from I-590 and NY 590 having originally been completely separate roadways , each ending at I-490 in a directional T-interchange . Through traffic at that time had to enter I-490 , weave through its traffic , and exit again on the opposite side . The weaving problems of the old interchange are not eliminated , but greatly reduced and relocated to lesser traffic locations . A weaving section now exists on I-490 EB , between the ramp from NY 590 SB and Exit 22 ( Penfield Road ) . Another exists on I-490 WB , between the ramp from NY 590 SB and Exit 20 , which is the ramp to University Avenue . Yet another exists on NY 590 NB , between the ramp from I-490 WB and Exit 6 ( Blossom Road ) , partially visible at the top of the picture . Notice that , to avoid another weave , and to allow enough distance for a gentle climb to the flyover , the ramps from NY 590 SB are not available from the Blossom Road onramp . This is one of two connections that was sacrificed in the new design .
Local connections : Connections to and from local streets are also part of this complex . The half-interchange with Winton Road at the far left is part of I-490 Exit 20 , comprising the eastbound offramp and westbound onramp . The westbound offramp is located within the Can of Worms itself , crossing over East Avenue and joining University Avenue up the middle as it splits to intersect East Avenue . ( This left entrance , either by design or happy accident , facilitates access to Winton Road and East Avenue from University . ) In the old design , this connection was by means of individual ramps from I-490 and NY 590 ; now , a single ramp serves both . The corresponding eastbound onramp for Exit 20 comes off of East Avenue and joins the ramp coming from NY 590 SB , which then merges into I-490 . Note that access from this entrance is not possible to NY 590 NB , but it was possible in the previous version , again by means of individual ramps . This is probably the most serious flaw in the new design , as motorists wishing to make this connection must travel along surface streets to Blossom Road , or take I-490 east to Exit 22 and make a U-turn there . ( Connections of East Avenue and Winton Road with I-590 , to and from the south , are also unavailable , but this has always been the case . These connections are made at Exit 4 [ Highland Avenue ] , just off the bottom of the picture . )
Complexities : There are a number of complexities that contribute to this interchange to make it unique . First is the fact that it is traversed by a major railroad , which passes over some roadways and under others , in this as in the original configuration . The required additional overpasses added to the visual tangle that originally inspired the interchange 's nickname . What today is a small railroad spur just north of University Avenue was once a branch running south from the mainline ; it too had to pass through the old interchange , but was abandoned by the time of the reconstruction , simplifying the new design . ( Its old right-of-way can be traced here , along the left side of the large white building [ a tennis club ] and crossing I-490 at about the point where the ramp from I-590 NB to I-490 WB does today . ) Second , several side streets are in close proximity to the highway . Gould Street , to the right of the tennis club , used to extend farther north to intersect East Avenue literally in the median of I-490 . East Highland Drive , to the immediate right of I-590 , had been a dead-end street at the concrete block supply yard . It was extended to East Avenue ( see how tightly it curves between I-590 and the tennis club ) as part of the reconstruction , and Gould Street was truncated to end at it . A small cemetery ( the triangular green patch at left center ) , formerly tight against the soundwall , was given more breathing space with the rebuilding . Still hard by the freeway are a cluster of businesses on the south side of East Avenue east of Winton Road , and a group of industries between University Avenue and the railroad . A most impressive feature of this design was the ability to perform such a major overhaul with minimal disruption to these surrounding features ; in fact , the new interchange fits almost perfectly within the space of the old , while still meeting higher modern design standards . However , the resultant confinement is very apparent on the ground : often , a truck on the ramp from I-590 NB to I-490 WB appears headed directly at eastbound traffic on East Avenue below .
The old interchange : This photo is looking east over the original Can of Worms , shortly after its completion . At that time ( mid-1960 's ) , I-590 and NY 590 had not yet been designated ; both were instead part of old NY 47 until 1980 . Notice that there were two separate directional T-interchanges with I-490 , and serious weave conditions existed for through traffic in either direction on both I-490 and NY 47 . I-490 had a spread median to accomodate the left-hand ramps , and the eastbound direction was elevated significantly above the westbound , passing over what the latter passed under . Also note that University Avenue did not end at East Avenue , but continued closely parallel to it , intersecting both I-490 and NY 47 to and from the north via the split ramps discussed above .
< < Back
All text and images created by N. W. Perry unless otherwise credited .
This website ©1999-2005 by N. W. Perry .
Not affiliated with NYSDOT or any county highway department , nor any corporation or public agency .
The motorist whose assault on a driver following a minor fender bender left an Ozone Park man dead on a Queens highway , has been arrested , police said Friday .
Yomar Moran , 20 , was hit with a slew of charges , including murder , for the Feb. 4 incident on the side of the Grand Central Parkway .
The incident began when Hassan Jones ' Infiniti sedan tapped the bumper of a Nissan Murano as the two cars were on the highway near 49th Avenue around 4:20 a.m .
Both drivers pulled onto the shoulder where an argument ensued as Jones tried to exchange information .
The driver of the Nissan phoned their buddy Moran , who was not present at the time , and told them about the accident , cops said .
Moran then drove to the scene , stormed out of their car , and pulled a screwdriver on Jones and began beating them up .
They then tried to steal Jones ' necklace , and left them bloodied on the side of the roadway , as they and their pal fled .
The driver of a passing Acura then slammed into Jones , killing him , police said .
Police later caught up with the driver of the Acura , identified as Starlyn-Antonio Colon-Burgos , 19 , and charged them with leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death , according to police .
In addition to murder , Moran was charged with manslaughter , robbery and possession of a weapon .
President Obama on Friday commuted the sentences of 42 inmates , as they accelerate their effort to free prisoners burdened with lengthy sentences in the government 's war on drugs .
Nearly half were granted to people serving life sentences , mostly for convictions related to crack or cocaine possession and distribution .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most will be released on Oct. 1 , but some will be freed next June .
Obama has issued 348 commutations during their time in office , more than the previous seven presidents combined , according to the White House . Among those freed include 130 who were serving life sentences .
The president has said they will continue to grant commutations during their final months in office to nonviolent offenders who meet standards laid out by the Justice Department .
It 's the third round of commutations for drug offenders the White House has announced this year .
Obama cut short the sentences of 61 drug offenders in March , and last month they freed 58 more
Thousands have applied for relief under the administration 's clemency initiative , which began two years ago . Around 9,000 applications are still pending .
The White House has faced pressure from criminal justice reform advocates to speed up the pace of commutations with Obama 's time in office winding down .
The president hopes their clemency initiative will curtail sentences they view as unjust while highlighting the push for criminal justice reform in Congress .
Most of the inmates whose sentences were commuted were not convicted of violent crimes ; 10 committed firearms-related offenses . Reducing sentences for nonviolent drug offenders is a central pillar of Obama 's push to rewrite the country 's sentencing laws .
A rare bipartisan coalition has emerged behind a package of laws that would reduce mandatory minimum sentences for certain nonviolent offenders .
But the future of the legislation is murky , in part because there are few legislative days left this year due to the November elections .
Did Corruption In Nigeria Hamper Its Fight Against Boko Haram ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Olamikan Gbemiga /AP Olamikan Gbemiga /AP
Nigeria 's former national security adviser , Sambo Dasuki , is on trial accused of money laundering and breaching the public trust .
President Muhammadu Buhari , elected in March , alleges that Dasuki stole staggering sums and , in doing so , crippled the Nigerian military in its fight against Boko Haram — the Islamist insurgents notorious for their violence and for kidnapping hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls .
The trial of Dasuki is a cornerstone of President Buhari 's campaign against high-level corruption . Armed soldiers arrived at Dasuki 's home earlier this month and took away five bulletproof cars and seven assault rifles , and arrested the former national security adviser for having them .
Dasuki , who served as national security adviser to Nigeria 's former President Goodluck Jonathan , is n't only accused of hoarding their own weapons . They are also accused of stealing more than $ 2 billion from the military when they were supposed to be supplying it with weapons .
According to one active-duty Nigerian soldier who fought against Boko Haram and was shot through the knee , they and their men were so short of resources that their weapons did n't have bullets . Their trucks did n't have gas .
`` We had so many casualties , '' the soldier says , speaking on condition that their name not be used . `` There was n't fuel in the vehicles . The commanders came out categorically telling us that there 's no fuel and they do n't have money . ''
No fuel and no money — and almost no ability to fight Boko Haram . One year ago , Boko Haram militants controlled an area the size of Belgium . In Nigeria 's northeast , thousands of Nigerian civilians were dying . But this soldier and many others were so outgunned , they fled .
`` You will see the Boko Haram , your man will start thinking , can I face them ? Or I should find my way out ? Because without those supplies we are doing nothing , '' the soldier says .
At the time , Dasuki was in charge of weapons procurement — and it appears they had money for the arms and ammunition . An official government document obtained by NPR shows a money transfer request by their office for $ 47 million . A senior Nigerian official tells NPR all the money left the Central Bank in cash , at night , in armored vans .
I asked Bolaji Owasanoye , who helps lead Buhari 's anti-corruption committee , if there is a belief that the former national security adviser took money intended for the frontline troops fighting Boko Haram , and instead channeled it elsewhere .
`` This is the allegation , '' they said . `` And it remains an allegation until proven . However , as they say , there is never smoke without fire . ''
Nigeria 's `` security forces have been weakened , '' Owasanoye said . `` There 's no doubt that that situation is strongly linked to corruption . Corruption weakened and escalated our insecurity . Because money that was appropriated for weapons , for welfare , it was n't getting to base . And if it was n't getting there , how are you going to fight insurgency ? ''
Dasuki has pleaded innocent and declined to be interviewed . Their lawyer , Raji Ahmed , told me , `` The procurements were made at the request of the military . '' They insist their client was acting with the approval of the former president .
But the new government says Dasuki ca n't get away with shifting the blame .
`` It is no longer business as usual , '' says Owasanoye . `` Those who have looted public funds are going to be prosecuted . And those funds are going to be recovered . And the matter is being closely investigated so we do n't get back to that situation . ''
In the past nine months , the Nigerian military has purchased new weapons and , with the help of neighboring countries ' armies and foreign mercenaries , it 's retaken territory from Boko Haram .
But the Islamist insurgents still launch deadly attacks . This is why President Buhari says unless Nigeria kills corruption , corruption can kill Nigeria .
Gunpoint will have a level editor ! Here 's a quick video of what it 's like to use :
This is by far the most requested feature both from people who 've played it and people who have n't . I always planned to add one after release , but when I came to see if it was feasible , it turned out to be easier than I thought . It 's working nicely enough now that I can have it in for release . Which will be… in the future .
Here are some cool things about the level editor :
It 's actually a lot nicer to use than the built-in Game Maker one I 've been using to make Gunpoint 's levels until now .
Electronics stuff all gets wired up automatically – it knows a lightswitch should be connected to the nearest light on this floor , and cameras should be connected to the nearest alarm .
It 's pretty much instant to switch between edit and play mode .
The levels it creates are typically about 1 kilobyte in file size .
It autosaves every time you place , move or delete anything , so you 'd have to try really hard to lose your work .
Reminder : you can sign up to be e-mailed when Gunpoint is done . I wo n't know when it 'll be done until it 's done .
Podemos lamenta que la periodista Mariló Montero se haya sentido ofendida por el comentario de su secretario general , Pablo Iglesias , en el que dijo que `` la azotaría hasta que sangrase '' en el marco de una `` conversación privada '' .
Sin embargo , también defiende el derecho de su líder a expresar en la intimidad `` ironías '' o `` bromas '' que no se dicen `` en serio '' , y que éstas no salgan de ahí , según han explicado a Europa Press fuentes del partido morado .
La periodista Mariló Montero ha acudido al Instituto de la Mujer , dependiente del Ministerio de Sanidad , Servicios Sociales e Igualdad , para denunciar a Iglesias por una conversación mantenida con el cofundador de Podemos Juan Carlos Monedero , en la que asegura que `` la azotaría hasta que sangrase '' , y que ha sido difundida por el digital OK Diario .
Tras conocer la decisión de la periodista , las fuentes consultadas aseguran que sienten que dicho comentario haya podido `` resultar ofensivo '' , si bien avisan de que pertenece a `` una conversación privada '' que ha salido a la luz al hacerse públicos los `` contenidos de un móvil robado '' , algo que consideran `` grave '' .
En este sentido , argumentan que , a su juicio , `` es evidente que las ironías y las bromas son precisamente eso porque no se dicen en serio '' , y además , advierten de que `` cuando se hacen en el ámbito privado no deben salir de él '' .
Así , defienden que `` en democracia debe garantizarse la seguridad de las conversaciones y comunicaciones privadas '' y denuncian que `` es muy grave que no se garantice '' su derecho a comunicarse con su `` gente '' de manera `` íntima '' .
To the surprise of many , Saudi Arabia recently announced it would end its longstanding ban on women driving with the change set to come into effect from June 2018 . That ban has served as a major symbol of female oppression throughout the world and it has also done huge damage to the kingdom 's reputation for years . The situation could improve even further in the years ahead with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman pushing to implement more reforms in order to return the country to moderate Islam .
However , as Statista 's Niall McCarthy points out , Saudi Arabia is n't alone in how it treats women and a new index has gauged the status of women in different countries .
You will find more statistics at Statista
The global Women , Peace and Security Index was launched by The Georgetown Institute for Women , Peace and Security and the Peace Research Institute of Oslo .
It measures women 's well-being by assessing various factors such as inclusion , justice and security in 153 countries .
Iceland comes first , followed by Norway and Switzerland .
The U.S. is in 22nd position and its lack of paid-maternity leave is one possible reason it trails other developed countries . Along with Papua New Guinea , the U.S. is the only country worldwide that does n't offer new mothers paid maternity leave .
Countries that are less peaceful and unstable tended to score poorly in the index with Afghanistan and Syria both rock bottom .
Yemen is also embroiled in conflict and it comes third-last . Pakistan is amongst the worst countries in the index and various studies have shown that domestic violence and `` honor killings '' are widespread there . Nobel Prize Laureate Malala Yousafzai is a key example of just how dangerous Pakistan can get for women . They were shot and nearly killed in 2012 for publicly speaking about women 's right to an education .
Fifty years ago Monday ( Feb. 20 ) , John Glenn made history by circling the Earth three times .
They are n't the first person in space , nor the first American . They are n't even the first person to orbit the planet . But Glenn 's five-hour flight onboard Friendship 7 set them apart from the space travelers who launched before them and established a lasting legacy that outshone many of those who followed .
Not that Glenn understands the fascination or can explain why .
`` I really can not answer that , '' Glenn told collectSPACE.com a week before their Mercury-Atlas 6 flights 50th anniversary . `` I think maybe , that it kind of started off perhaps by the fact that it was sort of an 'on-again , off-again ' flight . Well , let me back up a little bit ... ''
Glenn , now 90 , was chosen in April 1959 to be one of the United States ' first astronauts . Three years later , they were the pilot for the first orbital spaceflight by an American , following two orbital flights by Soviet cosmonauts and two suborbital launches by their fellow Mercury astronauts .
`` It was a pretty good jump , '' said Glenn of the transition from the 15-minute U.S. suborbital missions that preceded his . `` I do not want to expand it to more than it was , but those flights of course , did not get up to orbital speed , the two flights ahead of mine . Mine got up to orbital speed and then had to come back in and make a re-entry from orbital speed , and so that was a major difference . ''
`` And the time in weightlessness extended of course , a lot . The flight was four hours and 55 minutes , so it gave three orbits — about an hour and 29 minutes for each orbit , '' they said .
On-again , off-again
Before they could launch into the history books however , they first needed to get off the ground , a trial that Glenn also attributes to launching their legacy . [ Photos : John Glenn 's Space Legacy ]
`` I went on the 11th scheduled date , '' Glenn said . `` I only suited up four times , but twice I was on top of the [ launch ] vehicle — once for about six hours , ready to go and then they had to cancel because of weather . The other time was [ due to ] equipment . ''
`` So when I finally did go , this had been several months of on-again , off-again , on-again , one problem after another . I think when we finally went , there was a big sigh of relief . Because it was [ openly publicized ] and because the press covered it completely , I think there was a world interest in it , '' they said .
`` And I think that was some of the reason why so much attention was paid to it back then . It sort of started things going as it has ever since , '' Glenn said .
Still in orbit
In the 50 years since they first flew , Glenn served as a U.S . Senator and in 1998 , returned to space aboard the shuttle Discovery . At age 77 , they set a new record as the oldest person to reach orbit .
The legacy of their Mercury flight however , continues to live on in pop culture .
`` I think the duration that people have been interested in that , the first flight back then , has been somewhat of a surprise , '' Glenn said . `` We are so used to the new and the untried in this country , that I think we have gotten used to that . So it has been a little bit of a surprise that attention has been and keeps coming back to some of those very early flights . ''
Glenn and their 1962 flight has been celebrated and cited in movies and music , appeared on postage stamps and on magazine covers , and has been commemorated through a long line of memorabilia and collectibles released to the public over the half-century since . The latter even helped inspire at least one person to follow in Glenn 's footsteps to space .
`` One of my fondest memories of John Glenn 's flight came from a box of Red Ball Jets , '' Don Pettit , one of two NASA astronauts now on board the International Space Station ( ISS ) , told collectSPACE . `` Red Ball Jets were a particular brand of tennis shoes that kids loved to wear . They had a little red sticker on the side that would fall off after about the first week , but they were really cool shoes . ''
`` In this particular box of Red Ball Jets was one of these really flimsy vacuum formed records . And that record was a soundtrack recording of John Glenn describing what the Earth looked like during one of their orbits . I remember that as a kid , '' Pettit said .
Continue reading at collectSPACE.com to learn what John Glenn thinks is the potential still waiting for astronauts in Earth orbit .
Follow collectSPACE on Facebookand Twitter @ collectSPACE and editor Robert Pearlman @ robertpearlman . Copyright 2011 collectSPACE.com . All rights reserved .
Copyright 2012 SPACE.com , a TechMediaNetwork company . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
EMBED > More News Videos In the scanner audio from last night , you can hear the officers ' reactions unfold right during the heat of battle .
EMBED > More News Videos Two police officers were shot in West Philadelphia .
Surveillance video captured part of a shooting rampage in West Philadelphia that left one woman dead and five others injured , including two police officers.The suspect , identified by investigators as Nicholas Glenn , was eventually cornered in an alley and fatally shot by police.In a press conference on Saturday , Commissioner Richard Ross said Glenn had `` a pretty significant past '' and `` was well known to the police department . '' The suspect is believed to have acted alone and there 's no indication so far that they had been radicalized . `` He was hell-bent on hurting a lot of people , '' Ross told reporters . `` We still are n't absolutely clear as to why . `` Glenn was found to be in possession of a note with the heading , `` Doomed People , '' which police say indicated their hatred toward their probation and parole officers and police , among other unclear statements . `` Clearly , there are some issues that were going on there , '' Ross told reporters.It all started around 11:18 p.m. Friday on the 5200 block of Sansom Street.Police say 46-year-old Sgt . Sylvia Young , assigned to the 22nd District and a 19-year veteran with the Philadelphia Police Department , was working a patrol detail in the 18th District.Sgt . Young was sitting in their patrol car , police say , when they were ambushed by Glenn.The suspect fired at Sgt . Young at close range 18 times with a 9mm Ruger , striking them in the left shoulder , arm and torso area of their body , according to police.One or two bullets were lodged in their bullet-proof vest , and their service weapon was struck twice , disabling it.She was taken to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center in stable condition.Glenn fled eastbound with arriving officers giving chase.The suspect then passed Maximum Level Lounge , located on the 5100 block of Sansom Street , where they fired about five shots into the bar.A 42-year-old male manager was hit in both legs , and a 41-year-old female bartender was hit in their right ankle.Both victims were taken to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center in stable condition.Glenn continued to flee eastbound on Sansom when they approached a 2011 Nissan Altima , occupied by a 36-year-old man and a 25-year-old woman.The suspect fired multiple shots into the vehicle , police say , striking the man in their arm and chest and the woman multiple times in their chest.Both victims were taken to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center where the woman was pronounced dead at 1:56 a.m . Them identity has not yet been released . `` Our hearts and our prayers go out to their family in particular as well as all the other victims , '' said Commissioner Ross.Glenn then continued eastbound on Sansom . Two responding officers , assigned to the 16th District , were traveling westbound on the 4800 block of Sansom Street when the suspect fired at the officers , striking their vehicle . The officers were uninjured.He continued to flee police when they were confronted in the 100 block of South 48th Street by University of Pennsylvania police Officer Ed Miller.Miller , 56 , was shot in the hip and leg area.He was taken to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center where they were treated and released on Sunday.A shootout ensued between Glenn and police officers . The suspect was shot multiple times and pronounced dead at 11:45 p.m.Young and the three civilians hit by gunfire are all in stable condition and `` good spirits , '' the commissioner said.Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney spoke to Action News on their meeting Saturday with the police officers : '' I can not say enough about the response of the police officers last night . Absolutely remarkable , '' Ross said . `` The restraint that they used is nothing short of miraculous . `` Ross said the gunman was carrying at least three magazines and multiple live rounds . A relative of the suspect aided police in finding a location where investigators believe Glenn had been staying most recently . Inside , Ross said , police found more ammunition.It was later determined Glenn discharged their firearm at least 51 times during this incident . `` This was a horrific night , '' the commissioner said . `` He carried out one of the most violent acts in Philadelphia we 've seen in a long time . `` Police say officers will be riding two to a car until further notice .
This gifter has gone far and beyond of what I would have ever expected . In my likes , I have noted that I am an Xbox 360 fan and I guess it so happened that my gifter works for Microsoft .
The first message I had received :
'Well I hope you have a big hard drive . I work at Microsoft and am about to hook you up . I 'm sending it out tomorrow . Look for mighty gifts in small packages . '
The gifter then got delayed and sent me codes for 12 000 Xbox live points ! ! ! ! This itself would have been more than enough !
.... Guess what I just received now . Codes to download 30 games from Xbox Market Place ! ! Yes 30 !
Here is a list :
Alice Returns Assassin 's Creed Batman Arkham CIty Brink Call of Juarez Catherine Deus Ex Revolution Driver San Francisco Duke Nukem Jurrasic Park LA Noire Lego Harry Potter 1-4 Lego Pirates of the Caribbean Lego Star Wars Naughty Bear Otomedius X Portal 2 Record of AgarestWar Zero Rock Band Rock of the Dead Saints Row the Third Shadows of the Damned Silent Hill Homecoming Singularity Super Street Fighter IV The Darkness II Tropico 4 Two Worlds II UFC Undisputed Warhammer 40k Space Marines Warriors Orochi
I really do not know how to thank this person . This is truly beyond amazing . Not to mention , this amazing gifter also sent additional 4800 xbox points ! ! !
Wow .
This home brew TLR ( Twin Len Reflex ) Polaroid is yet to be named ( maybe you can help ) but since it is a one of a kind you can just call it THE Home Brew Polaroid TLR .
Kevin Kadooka ( A.K.A . kkado on flickr ) , a mechanical engineering student at University of Portland , created this camera by combining a lens pair from an old pair of 105mm f/3.5 lenses originally intended for a C-series Mamiya TLR with a Polaroid back from a Mamiya Universal .
Since this combination was not… hmmm… . supported by Mamiya Kevin had to design a body using solidworks and build it using birch plywood parts ordered from a laser cutting service .
To describe the camera , Kevin tells us
“ Imagine a Rolleiflex , scale it up two times , and add a Polaroid back . Then you have a decent idea of what this camera is like . It makes no claims to the build quality , styling , or ease of use of a Rollei , or even a Yashica TLR , it is a home-grown tool . The rationale behind this project was that there is no existing camera ( as far as I 'm aware ) that combines the convenience of instant film with the pleasure of TTL viewing ( e.g . TLR 's and SLR 's ) . While you could easily attach a Polaroid back to an RB67 , I wanted to be able to take advantage of the full 3.25×4.25 format .
And as far as usage goes , it is just like any other camera , with the exception that it is a look magnet .
“ It works just like a normal camera should – you focus on a ground glass screen , cock the shutter , and shoot away . Pull the film out , and you have a photo – simple as that ! It can get a little more involved – manual metering and waiting around for the film to develop adds a few minutes to each “ instant ” photo… …After a couple of weeks and two packs of film , I can report that it is
freakin ' fantastic to use , but most because it 's so ridiculous . It
also garners a lot of attention ; I 've heard passersby murmur “ is
that a camera ? ? ?
Here is how a software render of the camera looks like
and here is how the camera looks partially assembled…
And finished and mounted on a tripod
Here are a few samples takes with it and scanned to the webs :
Between the Hyperscope and the Tilted Plane Pinhole it seems that strange bewitched cameras are all around us this month .
( Picture : Theunis Botha/YouTube )
A prolific big game hunter has died after being crushed to death by an elephant they had just shot .
Theunis Botha , 51 , was a well known hunter from Johannesberg in South Africa .
They were leading a group of hunters in Gwai , Zimbabwe , when they came across a herd of breeding elephants .
Three elephants stormed the hunters , and Botha shot at them – prompting a fourth elephant to storm from the side and lift them with their trunk .
Botha was well known among hunters ( Picture : YouTube )
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In response , another member of Botha 's hunting group fired a fatal shot , Afrikaans news site Netwerk24 reported .
Donald Trump 's ex-fixer Michael Cohen banned from working as lawyer
As the elephant collapsed , dead , they fell on Botha .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Simukai Nyasha , a spokesperson for Zimparks , said the incident happened on Friday afternoon at the Good Luck Farm near Hwange National Park .
Botha frequently led leopard and lion hunting safaris with their pack of dogs in southern African countries .
Botha led hunts in Zimbabwe and South Africa ( Picture : Theunis Botha/Youtube )
According to the website of their company Game Hounds Safaris , they pioneered European-style ‘ Monteira hunts ' in the region .
Stinky couple who smelt like vomit , BO and feet break into family 's house to shower
In Monteira hunts , hunters use large packs of dogs to drive deer and boar towards them , before opening fire on the animals .
They would also travel frequently to the US to find wealthy customers to take part in trophy hunting in southern Africa , the Telegraph reported .
Botha 's body was taken to Hwange Colliery Hospital mortuary on Saturday .
Pin 3 1K Shares
( ANTIMEDIA Op-Ed ) America 's generals are talking turkey . But we 're not talking about the well-known idiom for “ speaking frankly ” about a subject … although over 120 retired generals did just send a frank letter in response to a new State Department-slashing budget proposal by President Trump .
In that unusual military missive , a group of “ former three- and four-star generals ” led by “ Retired Gen. David Petraeus , a former CIA director , and retired Adm. James Stavridis , the former NATO supreme allied commander , ” pled with lawmakers and yet another general , new National Security Advisor H.R . McMaster , to preserve State Department funding .
Why do these men of war want to make sure Trump does n't gut diplomacy ? Because they think it is “ critical to keeping America safe , ” according to a report by CNN on the much-discussed letter .
Silly generals . Do n't they know that Trump 's $ 54 billion military budget increase — which all by itself equals 80 % of Russia 's total military budget — is all the diplomacy Uncle Sam 's going to need in their blustery new world of nuclear domination ? In fact , do n't they know that their never-serving commander-in-chief actually knows more than they do ? As ever , it appears that the generals are woefully behind Trump 's tremendous curve .
Or are they ?
Because the real turkey some generals are talking is Turkey … as in the strategically located Muslim-majority nation where America stores some of those tantalizing nukes Trump wants to stockpile . It 's also where one of the world 's many strongmen du jour is cracking down on their enemies in the press … along with many , many others . And it 's where the military has traditionally been the guarantor of the secular nation 's often tenuous democracy . It 's the type of role the military in the United States has ( mostly ) avoided over the course of American history . At least , that was until Donald Trump became commander-in-chief .
Now , in a mostly overlooked story , Politico has detailed the extent to which Trump 's cabinet of generals has quietly formed a phalanx against the possible excesses of a man who has described themselves as the “ most militaristic person who will ever meet. ” According to Politico , the elevation of Sith Lord-wannabe Steve Bannon set off alarms among Trump 's generals . That order also marginalized Joint Chiefs Of Staff Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford . It left “ the nation 's highest-ranking military officer , without a permanent seat on the NSC 's most senior body ” and put Bannon in the all-important role of being the last person to have Trump 's ear when Mr. Militaristic makes life and death decisions to use kinetic force .
As Politico 's Patrick Granfield wrote ( with thanks to additional reporting by the Associated Press ) , “ it was on account of concern with these sorts of half-baked executive orders coming out of the White House that Mattis and Kelly arranged to have one of them in the country at all times during Trump 's initial weeks in office . ”
Yes , you read that correctly . Former Generals Mattis and Kelly were alarmed enough by this turn of events to institute a fail-safe plan that made sure one of them was “ in the country at all times ” … just in case things went off the rails . As Garfield states all too clearly , “ it shows that it is military leaders , albeit retired , who feel the need to guard against the overreach of a civilian executive . It 's a phenomenon familiar to countries like Turkey or Egypt , but not the United States . Until now . ”
Yup , until now .
Frankly speaking , this notable insight into the generals ' startling machinations fits a fairly clear pattern . Despite the understandable unease many expressed at Trump 's obsession with collecting top brass , they 've thus far been bulwarks against the excesses of the blaring bugle boy they 've signed up to serve .
The key moment may have been the National Security state showing the door to the widely disliked Lt. General Michael Flynn . The Strangelovian Flynn was unceremoniously dumped because insiders did n't like their rosy “ Russian to judgment ” on Putin . Perhaps just as important , though , may have been their dangerous histrionics about Islam that were tantamount to declaring war on a religion . Coincidentally , it was n't either shortly after Flynn “ put Iran on notice ” that the final leaks washed out their tenure .
The appointment of the widely-respected warrior-scholar Gen. H.R . McMaster to fill that vacancy signaled a big win for the people who know what it means to send people into combat . In fact , while the draft-avoiding Trump was enduring their own “ personal Vietnam ” by avoiding the lurid landmines of sexually transmitted diseases as they charged into the battlefield of Manhattan 's nightlife , their new National Security Advisor was literally writing the book on Vietnam . And that 's not the only way the two men are not on the same page .
Unlike Trump , McMaster pointedly said that the magic words “ Radical Islamic Terrorism ” not only lack supernatural implications but are counterproductive to the fight against terrorism . Even better , the head of Trump 's Department of Homeland Security not only contradicted their boss when said they “ regretted ” the bungled rollout of the “ It 's Not A Muslim Ban ” Muslim ban , but General John Kelly 's DHS also sent a report to the White House contradicting the claim that the famous “ seven countries ” pose a risk to the United States , according to the Wall Street Journal .
But Trump knows more than the generals , right ?
At least , that 's what a senior administration official believes . That 's why the unnamed official unabashedly told the Journal , “ The president asked for an intelligence assessment . This is not the intelligence assessment the president asked for. ” Perhaps this was yet more evidence to Kelly and Mattis that during those frenetic first few weeks one of them needed to be “ in country ” just in case the fight to protect the republic went hot .
So far , the only real heat is coming from the commander-in-chief 's self-serving willingness to deflect the responsibility for the disastrous raid on Yemen . Although the White House still claims it was a tremendous success , the raid yielded no usable intelligence , failed to nab the targeted terrorist , saw a Navy Seal killed and a $ 75 million plane go up in flames and , perhaps worst of all , a number of women and children killed in the hackneyed operation . But now the Democrats see a sequel to Benghazi , and the father of the fallen SEAL not only refused to meet with Trump but also called for an investigation into the debacle .
So , true to form , the commander-in-chief has blamed the generals for muffing what would otherwise have been a highly-rated episode of their ongoing divorced-from-reality show . And what better place for them to pass the buck than on another divorced from reality show—the feckless fawners of FOX & Friends . As Trump said to the media 's most mendacious ménage a trios :
“ This was a mission that was started before I got here . This was something they wanted to do . They came to me , they explained what they wanted to do ― the generals ― who are very respected , my generals are the most respected that we 've had in many decades , I believe . And they lost Ryan . ”
They lost Ryan . Or , to coin a phrase , they did n't save Chief Petty Officer Ryan Owens . Steve Bannon could n't have scripted it any better . Seriously , they literally could n't have scripted it better . The movies they made totally sucked . But Trump , who watched a lot of generals on TV in preparation for their candidacy , has obviously been locked and loaded ever since they watched Spielberg 's movie . Like the cynically stagecrafted ovation they produced for CPO Ryan 's heartbroken widow , Trump delivered their blame-shifting lines like a real pro . Unfortunately , the actual pros in the military are now at the whim of a commander-in-chief whose only real allegiance is to themselves and their beloved brand identity .
And that 's the real danger the generals now have to guard against — the inherent paranoia that seems to come with the strongman style of governance . Ultimately , when the leader begins to confuse themselves with the state — and when culpability for mishaps and malfeasance are opportunities to force underlings to fall on their swords — the generals in tenuous democracies often have to do what the electoral system can not .
But because America is not Turkey , all Trump can do right now is propose a draconian , government-gutting budget , sign often-ceremonial executive orders , and prioritize brash displays of phallic power over the softer power of diplomacy . Perhaps surprisingly , it 's that soft power the generals want to preserve .
As the missive from the retired generals pointed out , “ The State Department , USAID , Millennium Challenge Corporation , Peace Corps and other development agencies are critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put our men and women in uniform in harm 's way. ” They also noted that when they were Commander of U.S. Central Command , Trump 's current Secretary of Defense Secretary James “ Mad Dog ” Mattis said , “ If you do n't fully fund the State Department , then I need to buy more ammunition . ”
Unfortunately for us all , that 's exactly what Trump intends to do .
Opinion / Creative Commons / Anti-Media / Report a typo
Pin 3 1K Shares
The soon-to-be-revealed Sandy Bridge chip from Intel will offer customers a little something extra : new-release movies that will be streamed to computers using the super-chip .
Warner Bros is among the Hollywood studios planning to offer high-definition films via Sandy Bridge , with Intel working to strike deals with other content distributors .
Films will be available at the same time as they are released on DVD and the chip comes with built-in DRM to prevent pirating of the streamed content .
Jack of all trades ?
By wooing Hollywood with its protected premium content option , Intel hopes to differentiate itself further from competitors and make chip choice more important to the PC consumer and movie studios alike .
Intel 's Sandy Bridge CPU promises improved multimedia processing and , because the central processing and graphics processing are done on the same piece of silicon , it is said to be faster and more efficient than previous iterations .
The long-rumoured CPU was recently shipped to manufacturers and is set to be officially revealed at CES this week .
Via Reuters
With a fight over Social Security brewing in the new Republican Congress , advocates are worried that a possible GOP angle is to turn Social Security into a perennial crisis in much the same way raising the debt limit has become . By setting up a series of forcing events , the argument goes , Republicans would be able to create an ongoing crisis atmosphere around Social Security that would create a pretext for dramatic changes to the 80-year-old program .
As TPM has documented , the House passed a rule on the first day of the new Congress that prohibited the routine transfer of tax revenue between Social Security 's retirement and disability funds , the latter of which will stop being able to make full benefit payments starting in late 2016 . The transfer , known as reallocation , has been done under Democratic and Republican administrations multiple times in the past , most recently in 1994 , but the new House rule forbids it unless it is accompanied by measures that improve the overall solvency of Social Security .
House Republicans have been transparent about their intentions of using the new rule to force a debate on changes to the program , while advocates and Democrats warned that the rule could lead to benefit cuts . But there is another possibility : Republicans could pass a short-term reallocation that would set up another shortfall a few years down the road — and one that could arrive under a new Republican president .
It would in theory turn Social Security reallocation into something akin to the debt ceiling of the last few years : A formerly routine accounting move that the GOP is now trying to use as a leverage point to advance conservative proposals . Advocates told TPM that it was a scenario they were taking seriously .
“ Just as with the debt limit , Congress could require regular short-term action , keeping a climate of crisis and requiring new legislation frequently , ” Nancy Altman , co-director of Social Security Works , told TPM . Advocates are pushing for a clean reallocation , which is projected to keep both funds solvent until 2033 .
It is n't just advocates dreaming up this scenario , though — conservative wonks and the lead Social Security actuary have floated the possibility of a short-term fix . It could take a number of forms : The retirement fund could loan money to the disability program , which then must be paid back by a certain time and with interest , which would be intended to force Congress to look at changes to the program so that the loan could be paid off . Or , alternatively , the debt would be waived if cost-saving changes to the program were made . It might not be their first choice , but it 's an option .
“ That presumably would keep pressure on Congress then to do some sort of reform sooner , rather than 20 years down the road , ” Jason Fichtner , a senior research fellow at George Mason University 's Mercatus Center , who has written on the inter-fund borrowing proposal and was a top official at the Social Security Administration under President George W. Bush , told TPM .
Another possibility , outlined to Politico by Steven Goss , Social Security 's lead actuary , is a very small ‘ clean ' reallocation that skirts the fine print of the House rule , but would only cover a year or so . That would lead to a similar scenario to the one republican are seizing now in the very near future .
These are options being watched closely by Social Security advocates , who say they 've heard that House leadership might be interested in taking that course .
“ That 's a very real concern . Whether it plays out that way , it remains to be seen , ” Webster Phillips , senior policy analyst for the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare , told TPM . “ Even if in the end there is some kind of reasonable outcome , that will be just a great deal of anxiety that 's created in the minds of the 11 million people who are receiving disability benefits . ”
If congressional Republicans do take the short-term route , expect that last point — the uncertainty for Social Security recipients — to be a major talking point from the advocacy groups .
“ We ca n't imagine why Congress would take this path , when there 's a simple solution that puts both of Social Security 's funds on a steady financial path through 2033 , ” T.J. Sutcliffe , a program director at The Arc , which represents the disabled , told TPM . “ People who apply for DI , or who look to DI for essential income , are often living in extremely precarious financial situations . ”
“ What would a short-term action on DI say to people who rely on benefits , ” they continued , “ or to the workers who are currently paying into the system and may need to apply for DI in the future ?
CLEMSON , S.C. — The first collegiate titles of the weekend were awarded on Friday at Campus beach as Mike Meehan from Penn State and Brittany Warly from Colorado topped the field of more than 100 athletes who toed the line of the USA Triathlon Draft-Legal Collegiate Championships .
Covering a 750-meter swim , 19.6-kilometer bike , 5-kilometer run course that featured draft-legal tactics on the bike , Meehan clocked in at 53 minutes , 16 seconds to earn the men 's title . It is Meehan 's second USA Triathlon national title and first collegiate triathlon title , and it is the second-straight men 's Draft-Legal Collegiate Championships title for Penn State , coming on the heels of Jason West 's win last year . Colorado 's Dan Feeney took second in 53:32 , and John Felix picked up the bronze for Clemson in 53:45 .
The draft-legal bike made all the difference for Meehan , who came out of the water in 15th place after California 's Greg Harper set the pace . Though Meehan trailed by roughly 10 seconds at the start of the bike , they were part of a pack that worked to reach the leaders , and the front pack swelled to more than 15 athletes . By the second transition , Meehan was up by a few seconds on the field and never lost their advantage as they ran their way to victory .
“ My training has been going really well , ” Meehan said . “ I knew that I was in good form , I just had to make sure that I came into T2 first because that 's where a lot of people make the mistake coming in too far back . I thought it was within reach , but I knew everything had to be executed perfectly . ”
In the women 's race , Warly surged ahead on the run to clinch the women 's title in 1:00:34 after finishing second in this event last year . It is Warly 's first individual USA Triathlon national title , though they have been a member of the six-time national champion University of Colorado Buffalos Triathlon Team . Erika Ackerlund of Montana was second after a gutsy solo ride on the bike , finishing in 1:01:12 , and UCLA 's Kelly Kosmo was third in 1:01:47 .
Warly was within reach of the lead at the early part of the race , coming out of the water in eighth as Shelley Harper from Duke led the charge . While Ackerlund made a break on the bike to enter the second transition with a nearly 40 second advantage , Warly hung in the chasing group and made their move on the early part of the run . Them run split was the fastest of the day and gave them a solid margin of victory to set Colorado on track to defend their team title .
“ I do n't really go into races expecting to win , ” Warly said . “ It 's more like executing and having a good swim . It 's amazing [ to help Colorado earn points ] . It 's huge . It was really nice to have back up this year . I had Heidi [ Stimac ] doing the race -- a first-year student on our team . That was really nice because last year I had to race alone . Being able to contribute and doing well the first day puts our team in a good position for the second day . ”
Warly will get the chance to race again on Saturday , as will Meehan and a field of 1,300 collegiate triathletes who are registered for the traditional Olympic-distance race at the USA Triathlon Collegiate Club National Championships weekend . Covering a 1,500m swim , 40k bike and 10k run , the race will help teams secure men 's , women 's and overall team titles . The women 's race will start at 7:30 a.m . ET , followed by the men at 10:35 a.m . ET .
Coverage of Saturday 's race , as well as recaps of Friday 's action , can be found at usatriathlon.org/usatcn16coverage .
Then , the Mixed Team Relay at 4:15 p.m. will close out the weekend , with nearly 60 teams represented . Each four-person team must consist of two females and two males who will complete a super-sprint triathlon before tagging their teammate . All athletes will complete a 250m swim , 4.1k bike and 1.2k run .
Visit usatriathlon.org/usatcn16 for more information on Collegiate Nationals .
2016 USA Triathlon Draft-Legal Collegiate Championships
750m swim , 19.6k bike , 5k run
Complete results will be available here
Men 's Top 5
1 . Mike Meehan ( Penn State ) , 53:16
2 . Dan Feeney ( Colorado ) , 53:32
3 . John Felix ( Clemson ) , 53:45
4 . Dylan Morgan ( West Point ) , 54:03
5 . Michael Arishita ( Texas A & M ) , 54:11
Women 's Top 5
1 . Brittany Warly ( Colorado ) , 1:00:34
2 . Erika Ackerlund ( Montana ) , 1:01:12
3 . Kelly Kosmo ( UCLA ) , 1:01:47
4 . Melissa Rios La Luz ( Webber International ) , 1:02:44
5 . Melissa Teeple ( Marymount ) , 1:02:53
Hi guys ,
So Sunday is supposed to be our day off , which of course means we spend the time working on Starbound .
Everyone has ‘ Secret sunday projects ' underway that I could n't describe to you if I wanted to , because I do n't know what they are .
It 's a fun way to end the stress of the week and have a break from the important stuff . Bartwe in particular is teasing me , referring to their project as [ redacted ] .
Kyren has more or less completed Direct 3D support , which turned into a much bigger task than she 'd hoped . But it 's almost done now and very worth the trouble .
Here 's a super heavily work in progress Avian intro , we 've been working on adding additional sound effects to it today ( though they 're not in this video ) .
I think this might be the last one I show off , given the spoilery nature of it . Though they do appear in the first few seconds of the game .
Our web monster is also working on getting the new suggestions section of the site up and running today/tomorrow .
-edit-
It 's now live ! Check the top bar
Jacob Weisberg , somewhat bizarrely , is sitting here in 2008 writing about Bush 's `` compassionate conservatism '' as if it 's a part of their persona that we ought to treat very seriously . Krugman wonders `` Why are political writers still unaware that Bush 's phrase 'compassionate conservatism ' was n't an acceptance of the Great Society , but rather a dog-whistle to the religious right ? '' Beyond that , why are political writers still unaware that politicians deliberately lie in order to enhance the popularity of their political prospects ? Compassionate conservatism obviously was n't just a dog-whistle , it was also deliberately designed to foster an impression of a more moderate strain of Republicanism . And , indeed , to do that you had to toss some meat into the soup :
The following year , in 2003 , Mr. Bush pressed their case for invading Iraq and uttered the infamous 16 words ( “ The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa ” ) . But alongside that disingenuous indictment , Mr. Bush presented Congress with a new raft of centrist-minded initiatives : $ 450 million to minister to the needs of children of prisoners , $ 600 million to treat drug addicts , $ 1.2 billion for hydrogen-powered cars , $ 10 billion in new money to fight AIDS in Africa and the Caribbean .
You need to put $ 450 million into some kind of context relative to the federal budget -- $ 450 million is tiny . $ 450 million is the kind of budget request you make when you do n't really care about the issue at hand but are hoping to gull innumerate reporters into writing about your $ 450 million initiative as if it were roughly on par with your proposed war whose costs run three orders of magnitude higher .
Similarly with the hydrogen cars . Spending $ 1.2 billion on hydrogen-powered cars certainly could be an element of a centrist environmental policy . Certainly what doling out a subsidy like that suggests , logically speaking , is concern about carbon emissions and global warming . And of course , that 's exactly the suggestion the subsidy was intended to implant but the Bush administration is n't concerned about carbon emissions and global warming at all . They hand out tons and tons of subsidies to the oil and coal industries , they steadfastly oppose all limits to curb carbon emissions , and they act like a diplomatic wrecking ball at international conferences .
Compassionate conservatism was , in practice , nothing more than spin and a vague gesture at a higher-order justification for corruption . It 's bad enough that the press got spun at the time , but to look backward from a Bush-critical perspective and get spun all over again is bizarre . Look at Bush -- they used to care and now they do n't ! But no , they never cared ; what everyone can now see is what people who looked at their policies in detail and in context could see clearly back in 1999-2003 .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Several references have been made on the quality of judges , specifically in the lower judiciary . How can this be remedied ?
Candidates who are to be elevated should be recommended by all judges , not a select few . However , the truly meritorious ones should be evaluated by a collegium in the High Court . While reports prepared by the Intelligence Bureau are essential , it will only reflect the conduct of the judges . Opinions of senior counsels from the bar must also be ought to get a clearer and more wholesome picture .
Is there a clear and independent mechanism to investigate allegations of impropriety against judges ?
No . An in-house procedure needs to be created in consultation with the Executive . The judiciary needs to come forward and make the process more transparent . Parliament is competent enough to step in , if need be . However , the government prefers the judiciary steps up and takes initiative in creating a full-proof mechanism to look into complaints . In a democracy , no institution should be left unaccountable and that includes the Judiciary .
Appellate courts should also be empowered to penalise judges who misuse powers or pass absurd orders ( referring to the verdict by a Rajasthan HC judge who said peacocks are celibate ) . If the appellate court finds a judge without merit , suitable provisions should be there to retire the said judge .
Even the procedure for impeachment should be less complex . The reform needs to come from within the judiciary itself .
There is a huge push towards the digitisation of courts . Do you find that there is some hesitance in accepting this change ?
Yes , there is some reluctance from within . The judges are not as accepting of technology . This reflects in the day-to-day functions . Orders are not uploaded on time , and the websites , especially of the lower courts , are not that informative . The Executive alone can not do magic . The Executive , judiciary and the bar will have to work together on this issue . Implementation and strict adherence to timelines for execution is important .
How can one reduce the pendency of cases and delays ?
Reducing arrears is not difficult . Reducing pendency and vacancy is not a panacea . As a lawyer , I find that if a judge understands the issue and grasps the matter , then dispensation of justice is quick . However , if a judge does not understand the matter , then time is wasted . Judges that delay matters should be punished . The pass the post system is not acceptable . If bureaucrats and politicians can be removed for corruption , then why not judges ? Public representatives fear reprisals and are thus accountable . Judiciary is an organ , an important one , of a free and thriving democracy . The need of the hour is that judges should be held accountable . If accountability is removed from a democracy , then it is no longer a democracy .
There have been many attacks on the judges . How does that affect the image of the Judiciary ?
When charges are levelled against a judge , it is very difficult for them to defend himself , more so if they are bogus . Honest judges should be protected from vicious targeted attacks . Hence , there is a need for a mechanism to protect their reputation . This can be done , if there is a separate body to look into these issues .
Is there a need for more women on the bench ?
There is no reservation in the higher judiciary . The government has written to the Chief Justices to recommend candidates who are women , SC/ST , OBC , Tribals and minorities .
Byron Maxwell
If defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh bolts in free agency , the Detroit Lions could use their cap space to aggressively pursue other top free agents , such as Seattle cornerback Byron Maxwell .
( AP File Photo )
After declining to use the franchise tag , the Detroit Lions no longer control Ndamukong Suh 's future . The team remains committed to getting a long-term deal done , but there 's simply no guarantee they can once the rest of the league is permitted to bid on the All-Pro defensive tackle 's services .
The Lions have plenty of cap space to work with heading into the start of free agency -- $ 16.6 million to be exact . And even with a six-year deal , topping $ 100 million , it 's likely Suh 's first-year cap hit would range between $ 6-10 million ( not including the $ 9.7 million in dead money that 's already factored into the cap space calculation ) .
But let 's say Suh walks , taking another team 's offer . Suddenly the Lions have a lot of money to work with to address their slew of roster needs . As a reminder of how far cap space can stretch , the team inked Glover Quin , Chris Houston , Reggie Bush , Jason Jones and C.J . Mosley to multi-year deals in 2013 , with a combined first-year cap hit under $ 10 million .
Relieved of a monstrous financial obligation to Suh , here are three completely hypothetical , yet feasible ways the Lions could attack free agency .
Option one : Sign cornerback Byron Maxwell , running back C.J . Spiller , defensive tackle Jared Odrick and defensive tackle Ahtyba Rubin .
Analysis : Maxwell is currently the cream of the cornerback market crop . He 's the total package with outstanding size , speed and championship experience . And at 27 years old , he 's entering their physical prime .
Spiller has a long injury history , but there 's not a more clear-cut , home-run hitter available .
Odrick is a well-rounded , durable defensive tackle who begins to help fill the gaping hole left by Suh 's departure , while Rubin gives Detroit a beefy run-stuffer to replace C.J . Mosley .
Option two : Sign offensive guard Mike Iupati , defensive tackle Nick Fairley , running back Pierre Thomas and defensive tackle Corey Peters
Analysis : If the Lions are committed to running the football , there is n't a better offensive lineman on the market than Iupati . But he 's not without flaws . While a dominant road grader in the ground game , he 's inconsistent in pass protection , surrendering as much pass-rush pressure as Rob Sims last season .
In this scenario , the Lions roll the dice on Fairley and hope they turn the corner with their durability issues , plus add Peters , a good interior run defender , for depth .
Thomas is older ( 30 ) and coming off a down season , which means they should come with a reasonable price tag . He 's obviously familiar with the scheme after eight years in New Orleans and has been highly production as both a receiver ( 327 receptions ) and a ball carrier ( 4.6 yards per carry ) during their career .
Option three : Sign cornerback Kareem Jackson , defensive tackle Dan Williams and defensive tackle Stephen Paea
Analysis : Jackson is a step below Maxwell , but offers versatility with their ability to man the slot . He 's still young , turning 27 next month , and has desirable ball skills , registering seven interceptions and 34 pass breakups the past three seasons .
Williams and Paea would give Detroit two starting-caliber interior lineman under the age of 30 with different skill sets . Williams is a load at 327 pounds and stout against the run . Paea exhibits great burst off the line and has the ability to be a highly disruptive pass rusher .
Conclusion : All this is to say , it wo n't be the end of the world if Suh leaves . He 's unquestionably the best player available , but Detroit could fill multiple spots with quality starters using the funds that would have gone toward retaining the defensive tackle .
The most important thing for the Lions is Suh decides quickly . The market settles rapidly in the NFL , and if they take their talents elsewhere after taking two or more days to decide , the Lions could lose out on several backup options .
The benefit to having more than $ 16 million in space , plus the ability to free up more by restructuring Calvin Johnson or Matthew Stafford 's contract , is the Lions are n't completely handcuffed by Suh 's decision . The team has the funds to chase other needs , even if a long-term deal to retain the defensive tackle is ultimately reached .
-- Download the Detroit Lions MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Justin Rogers on Twitter
-- Like MLive 's Detroit Lions Facebook page
Thomas Maher is the chief editor and co-founder of FormulaSpy.com , a very interesting website focusing on Formula 1 and Formula E. Today Thomas shares their insights with us about the top 10 brands Formula 1 could add to the list of sponsors .
Apple
Prior to the Liberty Media buyout of Formula 1 towards the end of 2016 , computing giant Apple was rumoured to be interested in taking over . This did n't come to pass , but the links between the two parties do make sense . Both are at the forefront of technology , and Apple does appear to harbour a desire to enter the automotive world through “ Project Titan ” – the rumoured autonomous electric car .
CEO Tim Cook has said : “ We are always looking at new things , and the car space in general is an area that it 's clear that there are a lot of technologies that will either become available or will be able to revolutionise the car experience . And so it 's interesting from that point of view , but nothing to , certainly nothing to announce today ” . Teaming up with the likes of McLaren , a clinical , technological team with no title sponsor would certainly be an interesting match-up .
Coca-Cola
The Coca-Cola company has dabbled with Formula 1 sponsorship in the form of the Burn energy drink , however not with their eponymous offering . Probably due to the fact that Coke is one of the few brands in the world that does n't actually really need to advertise their existence , thanks to the prevalence of the drink everywhere . However , the company is hugely involved with the NASCAR world , and it has enjoyed links with the Stewart-Haas team . Come to think of it , Coke 's colours would look really nice on the Haas Formula 1 car…
We are always looking at new things , and the car space in general is an area that it 's clear that there are a lot of technologies that will either become available or will be able to revolutionise the car experience .
McDonald 's
The world 's leading fast food chain 's golden arches are as iconic as the script of Coca-Cola , yet do n't appear in Formula 1 either . While you can say that the product does n't really fit with the sport 's fitness image , you do n't see nutritional companies queueing up to sponsor anyone either . With the willingness to sponsor the Olympics ( 98 million dollars to continue sponsoring until 2020 ) sometimes met with controversy , why not switch to another globally massive sport ? McDonald 's has sponsored IndyCar and NASCAR , so a move to Formula 1 might be not that unrealistic .
Codemasters
Codemasters , the computer game developers from the UK have held the licence to produce the official Formula 1 computer games since 2008 . But you do n't see their logos appear on any of the cars . With the market for such computer games being a more niche one than , say , the FIFA series , you would imagine that Codemasters would want to get their name out there and in the faces of every Formula 1 fan watching a race .
Three ( Hutchison 3G )
One of the world 's biggest mobile phone networks , Three operates throughout most of Europe , the Middle East , Australia and some of Asia . While affiliate operator Orange is remembered fondly for the title sponsorship of the Arrows team around 15 years ago , Three has yet to dabble . Purely for the aesthetics , let 's hope the company steps in and sponsors Red Bull at some point soon , if only just to match all the other 3s written all over the car .
Performance Nutrition
The umbrella company for brands like Optimum Nutrition , BSN and Nutramino have athletes like MMA 's Conor McGregor representing them , while sponsoring FC Kobenhavn and the likes of successful Irish rugby teams Leinster and Ulster . Nutrition companies have been on cars in recent years , like Maximuscle on the rear wing of the 2012 McLaren . In a sport that requires exceptional physical fitness , supplements and nutrition are a given , yet are not well represented to the watching public .
Dell
Dell is n't actually a stranger to Formula 1 at all : it was on the engine cover of the Manor MR05 in the form of Dell EMC , right after the merger of Dell and EMC . Prior to that , the company sponsored the now-defunct Caterham team , and was prominent while partnered with BMW-Sauber a decade ago . Just over six months ago , the merger of corporations Dell and EMC was the largest technology merger ever and the companies ' revenues of 74 billion dollars in 2016 makes it the largest private technology company in the world . The perfect partner for one of the most technologically advanced sports , then !
Ryanair
The short-haul airline is almost single-handedly responsible for getting the majority of attendees to any Grand Prix in Europe , yet do n't shout about their affordability to Formula 1 fans . With the sport moving around every weekend , flights are not optional in most cases if you want to go to a race . Stick some Ryanair branding on a car ( I can see it looking good on Sauber , and this would suit the team 's lower budget , no-frills image ) , and watch those seats sell .
BMW
BMW has been quiet at the pinnacle of motorsport in recent years . Aside from DTM , BMW has had to look on while Mercedes has dominated Formula 1 , and Audi was at the forefront of WEC until the end of 2016 , BMW 's involvement has been a small tie in with Andretti in Formula E as well as supplying the Safety Car . Ever since abandoning Sauber at the end of 2009 , BMW 's decision to withdraw has looked silly , particularly with manufacturers like Honda and Renault returning in recent years . With the M cars now being turbocharged , and a history of manic turbo Formula 1 engines , I 'm sure McLaren would love to have a chat…
Durex
Sex sells , yet Formula 1 does n't sell it . At least not in the form of advertising . Durex may not be the largest condom manufacturer in the world , but the brand is synonymous with the product itself . “ Burning rubber ” – the taglines write themselves !
The least understood area of the Android ecosystem has always been the highly secretive Google Play Apps licensing process . While Android is open source , the Google applications , like the Play Store , Gmail , Google Maps , Google Play Services , and others must be licensed . This licensing agreement is called the `` Mobile Application Distribution Agreement '' ( MADA ) and comes with tons of restrictions . Previously , MADA details have come out of the Skyhook case , but those agreements were from 2009 , a time when Android was only at version 1.1 . Thanks to the still ongoing Oracle v. Google trial , a `` new '' version of the Google App licensing agreement has been made public .
This set of documents is from January 2011—just a month before the launch of Android 3.0—and paints a slightly more modern picture of just how many hoops an OEM has to jump through in order to be granted a Google Play license . The documents detail the licensing terms agreed to by Samsung and HTC and are signed by executives from those companies , along with Android founder Andy Rubin . Despite being labeled `` HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL—ATTORNEY 'S EYES ONLY , '' the documents were admitted , unredacted , in open court and were recently acquired and released by Benjamin Edelman .
The agreement is basically a laundry list of `` dos and don'ts '' for licensing Google apps . The terms at the time covered the `` Set-up Wizard , Google Phone-top Search , Gmail , Google Calendar , Google Talk , YouTube , Google Maps for Mobile , Google Street View , Contact Sync , Android Market Client ( not products downloaded from Android Market ) , Google Voice Search , and Network Location Provider . '' The `` Android Market Client '' has since been renamed to the `` Google Play Store , '' and `` Google Phone-top Search '' is referring to the Google search widget . Google uses the term `` Phone-top '' to mean the main page of the home screen . The agreement has no doubt changed since these documents were signed , and the document states that Google can change many of these requirements at any time . Many more Google applications have come out since 2011 that seem to be part of this mandatory apps package , like the Google Play content apps ( movies , music , books , etc . ) , Google+ , Google Play Services , and Chrome .
The most important clause states that `` Devices may only be distributed if all Google Applications ... are pre-installed on the Device . '' Google apps are an all-or-nothing affair . If you want Google Maps or the Play Store , you must also take things like Google+ and Google 's network location provider . There are two tiers of Google apps , the primary ones listed above , and `` Optional Google Applications , '' a list which includes `` Orkut , Google Goggles , Google Earth , Finance , News & Weather , Google Buzz and Google Voice . ''
The agreement places a company-wide ban on Android forks , saying OEMs are forbidden from taking `` any actions that may cause or result in the fragmentation of Android '' and specifically disallows distributing or encouraging a third party to distribute `` a software development kit derived from Android . '' Google has full control over the countries its apps are released in and distribution methods used to distribute the apps . This allows Google to restrict its apps to the Play Store and will keep them out of competing stores like Amazon and Samsung . Google also stipulates that the Google apps must be distributed free of charge , and they can not be modified , reverse engineered , or used to make a derivative work , and ads are not allowed to be placed in , on , or around Google 's apps .
Google now imposes requirements on not only what OEMs load on their devices , but where , with respect to the default home screen icon and widget layout . The terms say `` Google Phone-top Search and the Android Market Client icon must be placed at least on the panel immediately adjacent to the Default Home Screen '' meaning the search widget and Android market must always be a swipe away from the main page . Google also says `` all other Google Applications will be placed no more than one level below the Phone Top '' —meaning the app drawer is fine—and requires that Google be set as the default search engine for `` all Web search access points on the Device . '' Google 's Network Location Provider must not only be included , but set as the default network location provider ; this is no doubt the clause that triggered a lawsuit from rival location company Skyhook .
Amazingly , Google requires that OEMs submit monthly reports containing sales figures for Android devices and even lists the e-mail address these reports should be sent to . Google knows exactly how many Android devices are out there , and the agreement specifies that the report must have breakdowns `` by Google Application , Territory and Device model within each Territory '' —a goldmine of sales data . The 2011 agreement also states that the `` Company and Google shall each retain any and all revenue generated from provision of their respective products or services , '' which is a nice way of saying `` you wo n't get a cent of our advertising revenue . ''
Google calls out implanting `` any viruses , worms , date bombs , time bombs , or other code that is specifically designed to cause the Google Applications to cease operating '' as being banned in approved devices . It also specifically mentions that modifying the `` no connectivity notice '' in the web browser is off-limits . OEMs are n't allowed to block or accept EULAs on the user 's behalf and ca n't hijack web pages accessed via Google applications .
Deciding that a company is successfully adhering to all these rules is up to Google , and for testing purposes , Google requires that OEMs deliver no less than four device samples for each model . If Google does not approve , the devices do n't launch . This includes inspection of models for different countries and carriers , and any software updates are also subject to Google 's approval . Google , however , states that it can update any of its applications whenever it wants , and OEMs are not allowed to prevent any of these updates . This particular rule is what has allowed Google to keep its applications and APIs updated on Google-controlled Android devices , even when the OEMs fail to update to new Android versions .
The agreement to license the Google apps expires after two years ( though this does not apply to the restrictions ) , at which point the agreement must be renegotiated if the OEM wants to continue selling Google-approved devices . If a change of control happens within either company—say , if Lenovo bought Motorola—either party is free to cancel the contract within 30 days .
These documents are a very big deal when it comes to understanding the Android ecosystem and give rare insight into just what lengths Google goes to to control its `` open '' operating system . The agreement is full of confidentiality clauses , and it 's a serious shock that another one of these documents got out into the public eye . We 'll close with the most ironic clause in the 13-page agreement : `` Open Devices . The parties will create an open environment for the Devices by making all Android Products and Android Application Programming Interfaces available and open on the Devices and will take no action to limit or restrict the Android platform . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe said they supported a House Appropriations Committee recommendation to give state employees and state-supported employees a 1 percent pay raise . The proposal would also give teachers a 1 to 2 percent pay raise and restore overtime for Virginia State Police officers . They talked about their support on WRVA 1140 's “ Ask the Governor ” program with host Jimmy Barrett in Richmond .
One caller asked McAuliffe if they supported legalizing the recreational use of marijuana in Virginia . They said he 's “ not there yet , '' and said they have kids of their own and they were not sure how he 'd feel about them smoking weed . They said they wanted to see how legalizing marijuana in other states affected crime and revenues .
They added they did support medical marijuana use .
Barrett asked McAuliffe how they felt about an effort to expand Virginia 's DNA database to include any person convicted of a misdemeanor . Albemarle County Sheriff Chip Harding said if University of Virginia student Hannah Graham 's alleged abductor Jesse Matthew had been in the system after being convicted of a misdemeanor in 2010 , that might have tied them to an alleged rape in Fairfax five years earlier .
Sheriff Harding said Matthew would have been behind bars and Hannah would still be alive today . However , the governor expressed reservations about expanding the database .
`` When you start getting into misdemeanors , I think you have the potential of infringing on an individual 's rights , '' Gov . McAuliffe said . `` Jaywalking ; speeding . All the sudden they 're gon na take your DNA because you may have had a speeding ticket ? ! ''
We also asked Gov . McAuliffe a not-so-serious question : Who is going to win this Sunday 's Superbowl ?
`` Seattle , baby ! How can you stop ( Richmond 's ) Russell Wilson ? ”
The average motorcycle helmet costs several hundred dollars and , assuming its life is n't cut short by a crash , lasts for years . But even if it never actually hits the dirt it picks up a lot of it while you ride , along with dead bugs , airborne contaminants , and nicks and scratches from road debris thrown up by cars and trucks . Here are some tips to keep your investment—not to mention , the most important piece of safety gear you own—looking good .
None of the materials used to make helmet shells react well to harsh cleaners , which can dull the paint and degrade the underlying shell . Most spray-on bike waxes and polishes are safe to use on helmets—using warm water and mild soap is always a safe option—but avoid anything with ammonia , alcohol , or petrochemicals .
Loosen dried-on crud by placing a wet paper towel over it for a few minutes . After it 's had time to soak it should come off easily . Now 's the time for that spray-on wax , which will not only clean and shine but leave a protective layer so the junk to come does n't adhere as easily .
The EPS liner does n't require maintenance or cleaning , but it benefits from a clean environment . Sweat and skin oil accelerate its breakdown , which is why most helmet manufacturers suggest replacing a helmet at specified intervals after its first use . The comfort liner absorbs contaminants and should be washed regularly to protect the EPS and to keep the helmet from smelling like a soiled gym sock . Use a very mild soap or shampoo that your skin is already used to ; avoid scented soaps unless you really like the smell . Rinse out all the soap , wring the moisture out of the liner , and let it air dry .
Use the wet-paper-towel method to get the stubborn stuff off of face shields then use either an appropriate non-abrasive plastic cleaner or mild soap and warm water to finish the job .
Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been accused by a reporter of grabbing them by the arm and yanking them away as they tried to ask Trump a question after a press conference .
As a proud renegade voice of the populist right , Breitbart News has long delighted in bedeviling liberals and establishment Republicans alike , emerging in recent years as one of the nation 's leading conservative media outlets .
But in an ironic twist , Breitbart , a news and opinion website that welcomed the rise of Donald J. Trump as an outsider candidate , is now facing a problem similar to the one roiling the Republican Party it likes to torment : a scathing internal dispute , with Trump at its center .
Several top executives and journalists at the site have resigned in the last week , saying the organization has turned into a shill for the Trump campaign and failed to support Michelle Fields , a Breitbart reporter who accused Trump 's campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , of grabbing and shoving them at a Florida rally last week .
Advertisement
Fields reported the episode to the police , and a journalist for The Washington Post , Ben Terris , identified Lewandowski as the person who grabbed them The Trump campaign has denied Fields ' account , and Breitbart , after initially requesting an apology , later published an article casting doubt on whether Lewandowski was involved .
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
In a telephone interview , Fields , who also resigned on Monday , said that they “ felt like my employer was working with the Trump campaign to assassinate my character . ”
“ They were more interested in protecting Trump and coordinating with them on a message than they were about finding out the truth , ” said Fields , who is 28 . Messages left with Breitbart executives on Monday were not answered , and the site 's spokesperson was among the employees who quit .
The uproar entwines the growing concerns about violence at Trump 's rallies — protesters have been attacked , and reporters ejected — with the squabbling that has erupted among right-leaning media organizations over Trump 's improbable political rise .
It also offers a glimpse into the growing pains at Breitbart , which began as a cousin of the Drudge Report and has expanded into a broader , if still ideologically driven , news operation with journalists in London , Los Angeles and on the campaign trail .
Advertisement
The present site retains the tabloid-style , shoot-from-the-hip mentality of its outspoken founder , Andrew Breitbart , who died in 2012 . But employees who left in recent days said that Breitbart 's unabashed embrace of Trump , particularly at the seeming expense of its own reporter , struck them as a betrayal of its mission .
The site 's ethos , said Kurt Bardella , the spokesperson who resigned , had been that “ everyone should unilaterally be held accountable — whether it be Donald Trump or someone else . ”
Bardella acknowledged that the site 's readership had substantial overlap with Trump 's base of supporters , saying , “ Anyone who reads Breitbart is fundamentally generally angry at the Washington establishment . ”
But they said that Fields was not treated as a team player . Or , as Ben Shapiro , another editor who resigned on Monday , put it , “ You do n't throw your own campaign reporter under the bus to satisfy the whims of a political campaign . ”
Some staff members at Breitbart disputed that characterization of events , although none agreed to be cited by name .
Advertisement
Briefly on Monday , the site published what appeared to be a facetious column that mocked Shapiro for resigning and compared them to a snake . The column was later taken down , and a Breitbart executive , Joel B. Pollak , apologized .
Trump 's rise in the presidential race has paralleled a significant growth in Breitbart 's readership : The site 's traffic rose 120 percent , to about 14 million unique monthly visitors , from a year ago to January , according to data from comScore . Traffic to The Daily Caller , a conservative site more closely associated with the party establishment , dipped 3 percent in the same period .
Fields , in the interview , said they had been happy at their job since starting in November . “ People would ask me , ‘ How do you work at Breitbart , oh my goodness ? ' ” they recalled . “ But I enjoyed it . I liked my co-workers . I did n't cover Trump . I did n't have to sit there and write all these pro-Trump pieces . ”
Fields said they believed superiors questioned their account in exchange for more access to Trump . They said they had stopped reading posts about themselves on social media , citing threatening messages from Trump supporters , including accusations that they had falsified a photograph of a bruise on their arm .
“ I 'm in a tough spot , ” Fields said . “ If I go to the police , people say I 'm taking advantage , I 'm a crybaby. ” They added , “ Anything I do , it seems like it is the wrong decision . ”
Them next move , they say , is uncertain , although they said they would like to continue covering the presidential race . But , they added , “ Not the Trump campaign . ”
-- -
Here 's the full text of both Shapiro and Fields ' resignation statements .
From Shapiro :
As a close personal friend and mentee of Andrew Breitbart 's , it saddens me tremendously to announce that as of 9:00 p.m. Pacific Time , I have resigned from Breitbart News as editor-at-large . I met Andrew Breitbart when I was seventeen years old and remained their friend until their tragic death ; I signed on with Breitbart News two weeks before Andrew 's death because I believed in their mission .
I am proud of what we accomplished in the years following their death , fighting back against the leftist media and debunking the left 's key narratives . I have many good friends at Breitbart News , including editor-in-chief Alex Marlow and editor-at-large John Nolte , and I admire CEO Larry Solov for their dedication to ensuring a financial future for Andrew 's widow , Susie , and their four children .
Andrew built their life and their career on one mission : fight the bullies . But Andrew 's life mission has been betrayed . Indeed , Breitbart News , under the chairpersonship of Steve Bannon , has put a stake through the heart of Andrew 's legacy . In my opinion , Steve Bannon is a bully , and has sold out Andrew 's mission in order to back another bully , Donald Trump ; they have shaped the company into Trump 's personal Pravda , to the extent that they abandoned and undercut their own reporter , Breitbart News ' Michelle Fields , in order to protect Trump 's bully campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , who allegedly assaulted Michelle . I spoke with Michelle the night after the incident . They told me their story . That story was backed by audiotape , eyewitness testimony from The Washington Post 's Ben Terris , physical bruises , and video tape .
Both Lewandowski and Trump maligned Michelle in the most repulsive fashion . Meanwhile , Breitbart News not only stood by and did nothing outside of tepidly asking for an apology , they then attempted to abandon Michelle by silencing staff from tweeting or talking about the issue . Finally , in the ultimate indignity , they undermined Michelle completely by running a poorly-evidenced conspiracy theory as their lead story in which Michelle and Terris had somehow misidentified Lewandowski .
This is disgusting . Andrew never would have stood for it . No news outlet would stand for it .
Nobody should .
This truly breaks my heart . But , as I am fond of saying , facts do n't care about your feelings , and the facts are undeniable : Breitbart News has become precisely the reverse of what Andrew would have wanted . Steve Bannon and those who follow their lead should be ashamed of themselves .
From Fields :
Today I informed the management at Breitbart News of my immediate resignation . I do not believe Breitbart News has adequately stood by me during the events of the past week and because of that I believe it is now best for us to part ways .
As a close personal friend and mentee of Andrew Breitbart 's , it saddens me tremendously to announce that as of 9:00 p.m. Pacific Time , I have resigned from Breitbart News as editor-at-large . I met Andrew Breitbart when I was seventeen years old and remained their friend until their tragic death ; I signed on with Breitbart News two weeks before Andrew 's death because I believed in their mission .
-- -
I resigned from Breitbart . Was a great run & I wish I could 've prevented what it 's become . Still many grt ppl there . Sorry to let u all down — Jordan Schachtel ( @ JordanSchachtel ) March 14 , 2016
Some mornings , when he 's climbing out of bed after a hard training session or a match , Seán Armstrong 's body will forcefully remind them that they have been two years away from inter-county football .
Some mornings , when he 's climbing out of bed after a hard training session or a match , Seán Armstrong 's body will forcefully remind them that they have been two years away from inter-county football .
Galway star gives brutally honest reason why they walked away from the GAA in 2014
But as they are ironing out the creases and straightening themselves out , they are at least doing so with a smile on theirs face .
Armstrong has found the connection between football and enjoyment again and rewired it into Galway 's plans for 2017 .
At a time when the exodus from inter-county squads , outside of the top-tier teams , appears to be quickening , Galway have bucked the trend with the return of so many .
In Armstrong 's case a sense of `` unfinished business '' with the game has prevailed .
Loosening
The connection had been loosening for some time before it finally snapped and made their decision to retire at the end of 2014 so much easier .
Even the promise of a new way of doing business and a clear vision , as spelled out by incoming manager Kevin Walsh at the time , could n't dissuade him . They were out , gone , and their face just gave it away .
Playing football in the USA helped Seán Armstrong regain their ‘ grá ' for the game Picture : Sportsfile
`` I was very happy to walk away in 2014 , '' they recall . `` If I 'd stayed I would have been miserable . And then there was the domino effect from that , a negative influence around the camp . It was a no brainer to get out of there .
`` You really have to be enjoying playing inter-county football with the level of commitment . You need to be enjoying going out to training , you need to be going out with a smile on your face . You need to have the bit of craic and the bit of fun because you are seeing a lot of these lads and a lot of this set-up .
`` If you do n't , if you 're not enjoying it , it 's a miserable place to be . You have to be getting something out of it to justify how much you are putting into it . ''
For much of their 10 years with Galway , the weight of expectation on Armstrong and on the county may have felt heavier than it should have .
Far too often a recurring hamstring injury would knock them off their stride . And with it came added detachment from the team . By the end they felt like a stranger .
So they cut all their ties with the game at home in 2015 , heading to San Francisco from where they toured the US west coast . They played a bit of football with the 'Ulster ' club out there , enjoyed the social side of that and feels it was first step in regaining some of the 'grá ' they had lost for it .
When they came home later that year and watched Salthill-Knocknacarra in a county semi-final , the urge to return to club football was palpable .
The lines of communication with Walsh remained open all the time . They would talk without discussing anything concrete about their future but that real desire they needed continued to evade him .
Watching the Connacht final replay win over Roscommon last summer while at a wedding in Mayo , Armstrong did n't feel an ounce of regret that they are n't there with them , only happiness at what they had achieved .
`` I knew the majority of the boys playing , I had soldiered with them , '' they explain . `` I know the level of commitment they put in . I had no regrets though , I was still happy with my decision . ''
Being exclusively a club footballer again - going to every challenge , every league game , every training session - helped them reclaim the enjoyment that had been lost . And with enjoyment came good form .
In the county final they scored six points as Salthill-Knocknacarra lost to Corofin , prompting some deeper thought . If they were going back , it had to be this year . He 'll be 31 in March . At 32 , after three years out , it would have been too late .
Risk
`` It would have been much easier to say 'do you know what , I 've gone from that , it 's easier for me to stay away . ' You 're taking a risk going back because you are leaving yourself open to judgement by everyone to have their say , '' they say .
`` But as you get older you do n't really care what other people think - you 're just doing it to satisfy yourself or you just feel that you have something still to give . That became the bottom line when I was deciding whether to go back or not .
`` I talked to a good few people whose opinion I would value . And it soon became quite clear that if I did n't go back I would regret it . ''
Unburdened by expectation , indifferent to the potential for criticism , they feel so much `` better '' for their time away . In fact , it 's a firm recommendation from them for any player to step off the carousel .
`` If some lads are in there and they are miserable , they 're doing no one any favours letting themselves down , they 're letting the boys down , just being negative , '' they say . `` Why not head away for a year or two , refresh , re-energise come back and see what you have to offer ? ''
They think back to what Padraic Joyce gave in an unbroken 14-year career and knows that it 's unlikely to be mirrored by anyone starting out now .
`` Unless you are a freak of nature how you could it any more ? Padraic 's 14 years , how in the name of God with the level of commitment now , could you sustain that ? '' they say .
Their return comes without pre-conditions , except to train smarter with a problematic back in mind .
`` If I was doing the exact same training that a 21-year-old was doing , it was quite possible that I would break down in some shape or form , '' they say .
`` In fairness to Kevin with the whole medical side of things , we sat down and came up with a tailored plan . When you are doing your conditioning sessions , you 're just being a bit smarter .
`` He is more concerned about being on the pitch for the tactical side of things , the skills , which is what you want . You want to be out learning the tactics , you want to be sharp . And you want to be able to train and play .
`` If you are on the physio bed , you are no good to anyone .
Expectation
`` I 'm not putting huge pressure on myself that I have to play out of my skin every day , I 'm quite happy in myself . I do n't care about expectation . I have my own personal expectations .
`` Kevin knows what I expect of myself . I 'm going back for my own personal reasons . Because I think I can offer something . ''
Armstrong returns to a Galway camp dripping with positivity and determined to atone for last year 's All-Ireland quarter-final defeat to Tipperary . In hindsight the pitfalls are always clearer .
`` I can see how it became an anti-climax after the provincial final , '' they say . `` We had n't beaten Mayo in quite some time , had n't won a Connacht title since '08 , so it was a massive achievement .
`` Going up against Tipperary , expected to beat them , it was a huge banana skin . Coming down after pitch invasions with bonfires being lit on the way home on the N17 . . . a lot of young lads involved had n't had that success .
`` It 's a massive learning curve for them and I know they 're back raring to go again and have their sights set on making amends . They 're in a good spot - I know for a fact management and players are mad for more . ''
Once more they can identify with that .
Irish Independent
Alberta is not yet Greece , but it 's heading along that path
Politicians make promises during campaigns , often with the intent of carrying through with them to establish trust with the electorate . If expecting to win , they might be careful to avoid rash promises that are hard to implement later . And if they do n't expect to win , they take whatever position they wish if it plays to their base of support .
Yet , many politicians fall into the trap of promising foolish polices during an election if it can garner sufficient support to win . The difficulty comes in facing the music after the election . Either they must slither out of their promises or forge ahead , with potentially bad consequences undermining their popularity and future winability .
A notable example is Greece . The ruling far-left Syriza party made unrealistic promises in the last election to undo austerity policies accepted by the former government . Obviously , Syriza found that international creditors – the IMF , the European Central Bank and the European Union – wo n't play ball .
Alberta 's capital stock will decline by $ 9.2 billion in several years as a result of the corporate tax increase alone
Greece 's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is proposing vague anti-corruption policies and better tax collection to close the gap between spending and revenues . The creditors want well thought out polices , such as pension and sales tax reforms , to deal with Greece 's unsustainable deficits .
Syriza , caught between a foolish election promise and realism , will face a severe economic downturn if Greece defaults on its loans , resulting in an exit from the Euro . The economy will face a sharp devaluation , high inflation and atmospheric interest rates . Those who danced in the streets after the Syriza election victory will find that their standard of living will precipitously fall . Tsipras might trigger a debt default rather than cut back pension costs to keep their promise but it is far from clear they will be electable if the economy is in ruins .
The Greek situation is far more desperate than what the new NDP government in Alberta is facing with an economy that 's trending down , given low global oil prices that could stick for some time . With increased layoffs , less drilling and deferred investment , one would think Rachel Notley , the new premier , would punt some of the anti-investment policies promised in a campaign that they did not expect to win .
Instead , the unneeded royalty review , a 50 per cent planned hike in the minimum wage , higher corporate and personal taxes and tougher carbon policies promised during the campaign have been confirmed in the maiden Speech from the Throne that the new Lieutenant-Governor probably choked on . Overall , these policies are putting on hold many investments in Alberta , aggravating further layoffs .
Take the seemingly innocuous corporate tax hike from 10 to 12 per cent . This will increase Alberta 's federal-provincial effective corporate tax rate on non-resource new investments from 17 to 18.6 per cent , making it the fourth highest in Canada and 17th highest of 44 OECD countries . Even hard-pressed Ontario and Quebec will have a more tax-competitive environment for manufacturing , forestry and service sectors than Alberta . I estimate Alberta 's capital stock will decline by $ 9.2 billion in several years as a result of the corporate tax increase alone . Imagine what royalty hikes and other policies will do in terms of investment and jobs once they are determined .
If the corporate tax hike were to lead to gobbles of new revenue for an Alberta that is busily pumping up promised spending , it might make sense . However , with the disastrous decline in corporate profits and investment , and income-shifting to lower-taxed global jurisdictions , Alberta will raise little revenue . Based on different results from various economics studies on profit-shifting that is easy to financially structure , Alberta will raise somewhere between $ 50 and $ 210 million . No wonder most economists argue that corporate taxes are the worse funding source for public services . Little revenue is gained , with a signal to investors to go elsewhere .
[ np_storybar title= ” Why an oil price recovery wo n't mean oil patch recovery ” link= ” https : //business.financialpost.com/news/energy/why-an-oil-price-recovery-wont-mean-oil-patch-recovery ? __lsa=b5a7-fd36″ % 5D
Putting the cart before the horse is never good practice . Everyone knows that the horse comes before the cart .
Read on
[ /np_storybar ]
While the Notley government claims it will resemble the Prairie populist governments of Romanow and Doer , it certainly does not seem that way . Doer balanced budgets , cut personal and corporate taxes and increased spending on health and education . With rising spending and plummeting revenues , the new Alberta government looks to be on Bob Rae 's path , whose election promises made little sense for Ontario entering a deep recession in 1990-1 .
Notley better hope that their ideologically-driven policies wo n't lead to a deeper recession with less investment and jobs , leading to a population shifting to greener pastures . While playing up consultations , such discussions with “ partners ” will be a fig leaf if the intent is to carry out promises that were already made in an election . With the present course , Alberta will slip with rather sorry consequences for the province . It wo n't be Greece but for some Albertans , it might feel like it .
With the federal election in October , federal parties will also make numerous promises . Voters often ignore policy , which is to their peril if some party platforms make little sense . Come October , Canadians should pay attention to political promises that could have significant consequences for their lives .
Jack M. Mintz is the Palmer Chair , School of Public Policy , University of Calgary .
It is very possible that the president will not obtain a joint authorization to bomb Syria ; if they choose to go ahead and attack anyway , Obama will incite a constitutional crisis—the first time in history that a president has decided to go to war against the declared wishes of Congress . The public and the courts will adjudicate the legality of that act , and it would be contentious .
Advertisement
Advertisement
So the corner that Obama has painted themselves into is now inescapable . Defying Congress will put the country into a Watergate/Monicagate mess . Not doing anything will confirm the administration 's impotence and only enhance Russia , Iran , Assad , China , Islamists , and almost anyone else who does not like the U.S . Doing something small , with or without congressional approval , will be looked upon as a cynical waste of human lives to restore Obama 's credibility , the sort of craven , immoral political act that a younger Obama made a career out of mocking . Doing something big will invite public and global outrage if only moderately successful , and doom the Obama presidency if unsuccessful .
How did Obama get themselves into this mess ? It was bound to happen , given their past habits . All we are seeing now is the melodramatic fulfillment of vero possumus , lowering the rising seas , faux Corinthian columns , hope and change , the bows , the Cairo speech , and the audacity of hope . Hubris does earn Nemesis .
Advertisement
1 ) Their inclination is to damn straw men , blame others for their self-inflicted errors , and spike the ball when they should keep quiet and become modest ( cf . the bin Laden raid ) . So in Syria we heard the same old , same old : A host of bad guys , here and abroad , wants to do nothing . Obama alone has the vision and moral compass to restore global and U.S. credibility through their eloquence ; but the world disappointed them and is now at fault for establishing red lines that it wo n't enforce : They came into the world to save the world , but the world rejected him .
After five years of this , the world caught on , and sees juvenile and narcissistic petulance in lieu of statesmanship—and unfortunately a sinister Putin takes great delight in reminding 7 billion people of this fact almost daily . In terms of geostrategic clout , Obama has nullified the power of their eleven aircraft-carrier battle groups , Putin through their shrewd insight and ruthless calculation of human nature , has added five where they did n't exist .
Advertisement
2 ) Obama thinks in an untrained manner and for all the talk of erudition and education seems bored and distracted—and it shows up in the most critical moments . Had they wished to stop authoritarians , prevent bloodshed and near genocide , and foster true reform in the Middle East , there were plenty of prior , but now blown occasions : a ) the “ good ” war in Afghanistan could have earned their full attention ; b ) the “ bad ” Iraq War was won and needed only a residual force to monitor the Maliki government and protect Iraq airspace and ensure quiet ; c ) the green revolution in Iran was in need of moral support ; d ) Qaddafi could have been continually pressured for further reform rather than bombed into oblivion ; e ) postwar Libya needed U.S. leadership to ensure that “ lead from behind ” did not lead to the present version of Somalia and the disaster in Benghazi ; e ) long ago , the president could have either kept quiet about Syria or acted on their threats when Assad was tottering and the resistance was less Islamist ; f ) they could have warned the one vote/one time Muslim Brotherhood early on not to do what everyone in the world knew it would surely do ; g ) they need not have issued tough serial deadlines to Iran that we have not really enforced and probably have no intention of enforcing .
Advertisement
Instead , Obama relied on their rhetoric and talked loosely , sloppily and inconsistently from crisis to crisis , the only common denominator being that they always took the path of the least resistance and thus did nothing concretely to match their cadences . Usually to the degree they made a decision , they made things worse with empty , first-person bombast .
Advertisement
Advertisement
3 ) Obama can not attract top talent . Those from prior administrations who are gifted and worked for them or who were promoted by him—Robert Gates , David Petraeus , Paul Volcker , Richard Holbrooke , James Mattis , Stanley McChrystal—either were treated badly , not fully utilized , or ended up regretting their experience . Instead a host of mediocrities is recruited on the basis of either their partisanship , loyalty or demonstrated past lightness—an Eric Holder , Joe Biden , Susan Rice , Timothy Geithner , Chuck Hagel , etc .
Nowhere than in the present crisis is this unfortunate trend more telling : Pro-war John Kerry has opportunistic anti-war baggage , pontificates rather than persuades , and freelances into serial embarrassments ; Martin Dempsey , to their credit , can not square the circle of being an honest man assigned to say things they know simply can not be true , and so pleads the military 's version of the Fifth ; Chuck Hagel has not recovered from the confirmation hearings , and just wishes Syria would go away ; anything that a surprisingly quiet Joe Biden says on the crisis will probably be incoherent and incendiary , and surely contradictory of some past statement ; Susan Rice astutely outsourced this crisis ; Hillary Clinton whose “ what difference does it make ? ” fingerprints are all over the Syrian and Libyan fiascos wisely got out of town ahead of the posse .
Advertisement
What is now the least bad choice between terrible and even more terrible alternatives ? If the congressional vote is yes , the choice is cynically wasting a few American lives for a possible point , or killing lots more people for a more possible point . Not good choices .
Advertisement
If the congressional vote is , as I hope , no , Obama should quietly ( i.e. , do n't blame Congress , the world , the public , etc . ) back out of the bombing mode , more quietly continue the belated work of promoting a pro-Western resistance to Assad , mend fences with allies most quietly , and prepare very carefully ( but without the bombast ) for a real crisis on the near horizon that will need the public , the Congress , our allies , and the president 's full attention and response . In our new Vienna-summit-to-Cuban-missile-crisis era of danger , I fear our enemies and rivals are digesting the Syrian misadventure and calibrating to what degree they might soon turn our present psychodrama into a real American tragedy .
Rand Paul announced today that he 's definitely running for re-election to their Kentucky Senate seat . While they have not made it official , he 's also by all available evidence running for their party 's presidential nomination ( even though under Kentucky law they ca n't appear on the same ballot in that state for both offices ) .
He 's doing well in the polls so far . In RealClearPolitics ' combined polls Paul is tied for second among prospective Republican candidates , along with New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie and Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan . Paul is even number one in New Hampshire , often a useful place to be number one . Jeb Bush , horrifically , is ahead of them all nationally by 1.8 percentage points . ( For now , all of them are being smashed by Hillary Clinton , with whom Paul is already in open battle . )
Paul has a quality that doubtless irks their possible opponents even as they anticipate it will provide them the weapon with which to dispatch the troublesome constitutionalist . As publications from Reason ( first ! ) to Time have noticed , he 's a serious national politician , not merely an amusing/alarming maverick and as such Rand Paul is the most interesting guy in the field . This peculiar character says and does things fresh and dramatic in politics , within the context of their party , the context of presidential politics writ large—on both levels they advocate things no one else will—and the context of their own political and familial saga—where they can be examined constantly for flip flops , apostasy , and the struggle to escape their father Ron Paul 's allegedly baleful ( electorally ) shadow .
What other presidential candidate with serious prospects has ever said they would `` do everything to end the war on drugs , '' a position Paul has come to gingerly but finally arrived at ? Who else would react to Ferguson not by avoiding the topic ( most of them ) , or offering mealy-mouthed evocations of the `` decent and respectful law enforcement officers '' as Hillary did , but by blaming systemic issues of government preying on the poor with petty law enforcement and fines and the racial disparities in an unjust war on drugs ? Especially since the specifics of the Michael Brown shooting were n't really related to either of those things . Paul saw a teachable moment to go off-reservation for not only their party but American politics writ large , and they took it .
He 's the Republican with a realistic chance of winning the love of the big-money of Silicon Valley with their general aura of `` entrepreneurial change agent '' ( and specifically being anti-regulation and anti-tax ) . He 's even intending to open a campaign office in San Francisco shortly . At the same time they stick to their anti-regulatory principles and stands against Net Neutrality even though most of the tech industry he 's trying to woo is for it . Something larger is going on with this guy than just kowtowing to select constituencies , and it 's attractive , even in how inscrutably Rand Paul can read in standard political terms .
Watching Paul walk through the political dramas and traps created by their own strongly , and unusually , held positions is great for reams of ink , a lot of it respectful and fascinated . They come across as prickly , yes , but brave , and striving for big things , with all eyes eagerly on them waiting for a stumble—but on them nevertheless . It 's great political drama for friend and foe and ensures their fresh message will gush through earned media .
Being interesting has its pitfalls as well . If Paul ca n't shake the impression that their interestingness is tantamount to being unelectable , it could hurt—but it seems likely from the money and the polls and the media that he 's already crashed that barrier . It takes a die-hard fading influence like Bill Kristol to seriously insist that Rand will under-perform compared to Ron Paul in a presidential race . If Paul succeeds , he 'll be the re-brander they insist their party needs ; if they fail , he 'll just be one more cult star who failed to break the mainstream .
So far he 's making all the right moves and establishing their star power , as the leading utility player for fellow Republicans campaigning in 2014 . Scott Reed , former 1996 Bob Dole presidential campaign leader and now the Chamber of Commerce 's senior political strategist , told Politico that “ In any two-week period of this last six months , Rand Paul did more smart things to grow the party than everyone else combined. ” Rand Paul is no outsider in their own party . Their RAND PAC supported at least four new GOP senators-elect .
As Paul rolls out a prospective campaign team of workers and advisors heavier on GOP pros than Ron Paul Machiners , they earn Strange New Respect for seeming like a `` serious candidate , out to win '' and able to fund-raise , both in official campaign funds and potential SuperPacs , in the big leagues ( while their new choice of allies gets some of their father 's loyalists to declare Paul has obviously sold out to the Council on Foreign Relations and the internationalists trying to steal our sovereignty through trade agreements ) .
Rand Paul has got a digital guru , Vincent Harris , who has worked for Mitch McConnell , Mike Huckabee , Ted Cruz , and Rick Perry . He 's got a national political director of their RAND PAC , John Yob , who used to work for John McCain , and Mike Biundo , a Rick Santorum vet , running their New Hampshire operation . He 's got former Bush bundler and entrepreneur of the `` uber of trash '' Nate Morris as their new BFF and guide to the real big Republican money , outside Ron Paul World ( which itself was good for around $ 40 million in official campaign funds in 2012 . )
Foreign policy , conventional wisdom has it , will be Paul 's hardest sell with the GOP . Their announced foreign policy advisor , unofficial and unpaid so far , who seems most willing to talk to the press is Lorne Craner , a former McCain associate and longtime head of the International Republican Institute , one of those do-gooder democratizing foreign aid groups that Ron Paul and many of their fans strongly disdain and distrust . Craner seems to be playing the role of serious older brother to that wing of the GOP establishment , showing that young Randy can actually be pretty cool and even responsible beyond their years , if you get to know him .
If one believed Rand Paul was going to become a mouthpiece for advisor Craner 's beliefs , Paul would lose almost everything libertarians and fans of their dad could have admired about their foreign policy . Craner recently tweeted that it was `` encouraging '' that a Pew poll showed the number of Americans feeling threatened by everything everywhere was rising , and that the numbers who wanted overseas activism were rising ( though , thank goodness—and pay attention Rand ! —the percentage who think we do too much overseas still trumped those who thought we do too little , 39 to 31 ) .
Elise Jordan , another foreign policy advisor , copped on MSNBC to having worked on Paul 's lauded October foreign policy speech . Jordan ( the widow of controversial and tough-on-the-Pentagon journalist Michael Hastings who died in a car wreck in Los Angeles last year ) was respectful toward Ron Paul in the pages of National Review all the way back in 2011 . While they were careful not to openly say on MSNBC that Rand 's big speech advocated a general non-interventionism , they at least did n't spin it as being about getting tough against all the myriad horrible threats the U.S. is supposedly beset with .
As evidenced in Matt Welch 's probing interview on foreign policy with Paul after that speech , Paul refuses to be backed into any standard corner of the foreign policy spectrum . However , in trying to sound potentially reasonable to everyone , they run the risk of giving everyone a reason not to vote for him .
Paul can , as they did in the interview with Welch , play to the GOP base by slamming Hillary over Benghazi , and then suggest we get involved in making a peace of sorts with Turks and Kurds ( the U.S. having such a sterling record in settling long-simmering ethnic , religious , or sectarian conflict in the Middle East ) .
`` I think the vast majority of people are not for sending 50,000 troops back into Iraq at this point . But the vast majority is also for standing up and saying to barbarians that we 're not going to let you behead our citizens , '' they said , which sounds reasonable . Yet it is at the same time unsatisfying to most voters with strong opinions about either the American destiny to pacify and democratize the globe—in which you use as many troops as it takes—or those who realize that sometimes a large scale military response to even a few murders of American citizens is unwise and unnecessary .
The problem Paul could face with claiming a unique , nuanced space and thus potentially losing all sides applies beyond foreign policy . For example , their bold declaration that the current GOP brand `` sucks '' may help in outreach to independents . At the same time , it 's going to be a tough soundbite to evade when their primary opponents ' SuperPACS throw it out in ads to rile up a GOP base who might already have reason to see Paul as culturally not one of them—is n't that the guy who met with Al Sharpton ? And wants to legalize drugs ? And wants to hobble our brave intelligence agencies keeping us safe from omnipresent Islamic terror ?
When it comes to their desire to be the Republican who reclaims Silicon Valley from the Democrats , Paul has annoyed some people who loved them for their loud anti-surveillance stance when they voted against allowing the USA FREEDOM Act to proceed in the Senate . That bill was perceived by most as at the very least a needed first step in reining in NSA surveillance power . Paul thought it did n't go far enough , and besides included a reauthorization of some Patriot Act provisions they could not in good conscience vote for .
Abstract
In the absence of an effective HIV-1 vaccine , passive immunization using broadly neutralizing Abs or Ab-like molecules could provide an alternative to the daily administration of oral antiretroviral agents that has recently shown promise as preexposure prophylaxis . Currently , no single broadly neutralizing Ab ( bNAb ) or combination of bNAbs neutralizes all HIV-1 strains at practically achievable concentrations in vivo . To address this problem , we created bispecific Abs that combine the HIV-1 inhibitory activity of ibalizumab ( iMab ) , a humanized mAb directed to domain 2 of human CD4 , with that of anti-gp120 bNAbs . These bispecific bNAbs ( BibNAbs ) exploit iMab 's potent anti–HIV-1 activity and demonstrated clinical efficacy and safety to anchor and thereby concentrate a second broadly neutralizing agent at the site of viral entry . Two BibNabs , PG9-iMab and PG16-iMab , exhibit exceptional breadth and potency , neutralizing 100 % of the 118 viruses tested at low picomolar concentrations , including viruses resistant to both parental mAbs . The enhanced potency of these BibNAbs was entirely dependent on CD4 anchoring , not on membrane anchoring per se , and required optimal Ab geometry and linker length . We propose that iMab-based BibNAbs , such as PG9-iMab and PG16-iMab , are promising candidates for passive immunization to prevent HIV-1 infection .
Owners of Houston tortilla company plead guilty to employing undocumented workers
Federal agents raid a tortilla factory in the Heights , Tuesday , Aug. 4 , 2015 , in Houston . The raid began about 10 a.m. at La Espiga de Oro at 1200 15th Street near Shepherd . Eleven workers from the factory were detained at the scene . less Federal agents raid a tortilla factory in the Heights , Tuesday , Aug. 4 , 2015 , in Houston . The raid began about 10 a.m. at La Espiga de Oro at 1200 15th Street near Shepherd . Eleven workers from the factory were ... more Photo : Cody Duty , Houston Chronicle Photo : Cody Duty , Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Owners of Houston tortilla company plead guilty to employing undocumented workers 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
The owners of a Houston tortilla company plead guilty to federal charges of employing undocumented workers for nearly four years .
The owners of La Espiga De Oro ( Espiga ) plead guilty to misdemeanor violations associated with their continued employment of undocumented workers between October 2011 and August 2015 , according to a news release from the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) Friday morning .
The owners also forfeited $ 1 million following the felony conviction of conspiracy to induce and encourage unlawful immigration through a pattern and practice of hiring and employing illegal workers , said acting U.S. Attorney Abe Martinez in the news release .
BACKGROUND : Owners of Heights tortilla factory charged with illegally hiring workers
The people found guilty include owners Alfredo Sosa Lira , 72 , their wife Lydia Botello-Lira , 68 , their daughter Lydia Lira , 25 , and night manager Roberto Guerra , 45 .
`` Employers who knowingly hire immigrants with fraudulent or suspect documents face serious consequences under the law , '' Martinez said . `` This company violated the law by allowing more than half of its employees to work as undocumented immigrants . The $ 1 million forfeiture will help pay for the investigation and assist immigration authorities in their continued pursuit of employers who engage in similar conduct . Enforcement of our immigration laws is serious business and employers must only hire those with legitimate documentation to demonstrate they are legally in the United States . ''
SHOCK : Immigrant advocates alarmed after raid of tortilla factory
Espiga opened in 1977 and is located on the 1200 block of 15th Street in the Heights neighborhood . The company made tortillas for distribution to restaurants and businesses throughout Texas , Louisiana and Colorado , the Department of Justice added .
The investigation into Espiga began on Aug. 4 , 2015 , when Customs Enforcement 's Homeland Security Investigations ( HSI ) executed a search warrant on the business . HSI discovered 10 undocumented workers `` as well as evidence demonstrating that 55 percent of their employees were not authorized by law to work at the factory , '' the DOJ said .
MASS ARRESTS : ICE raids net 95 immigrants in Houston region
`` One long-term employee that the company knew to be employed illegally was injured on the job and received a settlement under their true name after using an alias for more than six years . The company owners and managers continued to employ this alien knowing that they were illegally in the United States , '' stated the DOJ .
Espiga is currently under a 12 month probation imposed by the DOJ . The company was fined more than $ 100,000 by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) last summer for dangerous working conditions that could have led to amputations , falls , and heat exhaustion .
Orlando City is on the verge of signing a centerback who is a starting defender in a first-division European league , sources told the Orlando Sentinel .
The identity of the player is not yet known , but the deal is expected to be finalized early next week .
Lions head coach Jason Kreis and their staff have been scouring the globe for talent over the last few weeks . Rebuilding the club 's defensive line was a main priority entering the offseason .
So far , the club has made minimal moves , acquiring only left back Donny Toia in a trade with Atlanta after Tuesday 's expansion draft , in which the Lions also lost left back Mikey Ambrose to Atlanta .
Earlier movement included trading midfielder Harrison Heath to Atlanta , declining the contract options of Kevin Alston , Luke Boden , Seb Hines , Tyler Turner and Pedro Ribeiro , and waiving forward Júlio Baptista .
CAPTION Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . They were officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . They were officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday CAPTION Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . They were officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday Nani , the winger , was born in Cape Verde and represents the Portugal national team . They were officially introduced as Orlando City 's new designated player on Monday CAPTION Orlando Pride star and Brazilian legend Marta on Monday claimed their sixth FIFA Player of Year award after they were named The Best FIFA Women 's Player 2018 during Orlando Pride star and Brazilian legend Marta on Monday claimed their sixth FIFA Player of Year award after they were named The Best FIFA Women 's Player 2018 during CAPTION Orlando City goalkeeper Mason Stajduhar completed their final round of chemotherapy Tuesday Orlando City goalkeeper Mason Stajduhar completed their final round of chemotherapy Tuesday CAPTION After Orlando City 's 1-2 loss to Atlanta United , fans threw trash onto the soccer field . After Orlando City 's 1-2 loss to Atlanta United , fans threw trash onto the soccer field . CAPTION A high-tech business that makes crystal and silicon lenses for fighter jets and tanks was all shook up over construction of the Orlando City Stadium across the street — and now it 's suing the soccer team , the city and the general contractor . A high-tech business that makes crystal and silicon lenses for fighter jets and tanks was all shook up over construction of the Orlando City Stadium across the street — and now it 's suing the soccer team , the city and the general contractor .
Some of those players are expected to renegotiate contracts with Orlando City .
The club 's current centerbacks include homegrown player Tommy Redding , Jose Aja , David Mateos and Conor Donovan . Redding has been called `` the future of the club '' many times by different members of the coaching staff but is only 19 years old . Aja , a strong Uruguayan defender , is on a six-month loan that ends in Decembers but is expected to renegotiate a contract with the club . Spanish veteran Mateos was inconsistent in 2016 and left unprotected in the recent expansion draft , though they were not selected by either 2017 expansion team . Donovan , 20 , continued their development with Orlando City B this year .
A proven talent , taken from the starting XI of a top-flight European league would make an immediate impact and significantly bolster Orlando City 's defense .
This is a developing story , check back for updates ...
ardelgallo @ orlandosentinel.com
Union Minister Manohar Parrikar at an event on Friday . ( Photo : Press Trust of India )
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar was referring to IK Gujral , say sources , when they dropped a bombshell by alleging that `` some former Prime Ministers compromised India 's deep assets `` on national security.Mr Parrikar did not name anyone when they made the comment while explaining why they did not want to reveal details about a Coast Guard operation on December 31 , in which a boat from Pakistan blew up after being intercepted off the Gujarat coast . The source of information might have been compromised , they said.Sources said today that the Defence Minister was referring to the dismantling of India 's intelligence network in neighbouring countries during Mr Gujral 's tenure as PM under what was called the Gujral Doctrine on foreign policy.Inder Kumar Gujral was the Prime Minster for just under a year in 1997-98 at the head of a United Front government supported by the Congress . They died in 2012.A furious Congress , which has been in power for much of the past six decades and has given the country six of its 17 Prime Minsters , asked the Minister to either give names or apologise . Congress leader Manish Tewari said the Defence Minister has made a `` very grave charge . `` At an event in Mumbai , Mr Parrikar said about the Pakistan boat that blew up , `` We intercepted it from 200 km away . For 24 hours , the boat was going in circles . Is that not enough proof ? What more do you ( reporters ) want ? I was asked to give 'proof ' but I refused . I said 'absolutely not ' because the source might be compromised . You have to build assets and you have to build deep assets . Deep assets are assets which have to be created over 20-30 years , but this country has seen PMs who have compromised deep assets . I wo n't take names . Many people know . `` Opposition parties , including the Congress , had questioned the Coast Guard operation and demanded evidence that the vessel that exploded with four men on it , was carrying suspected terrorists . Mr Parrikar mocked the Congress for making the demand . `` Tomorrow , during such an operation , we will take along a cameraman and also the Congress spokesperson , '' they said .
BRAINTREE ( CBS/AP ) –A patient being evaluated at a Boston hospital with Ebola-like symptoms likely does not have the deadly virus , officials said late Sunday .
Earlier in the day , Harvard Vanguard Medical Center in Braintree was evacuated after a man who had recently traveled to Liberia arrived at the clinic complaining of a headache and muscle aches . They were isolated and taken by ambulance to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
“ After discussions with the Massachusetts Department of Public Health and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , the Boston Public Health Commission and its partners have determined that the patient being evaluated at BIDMC does not meet criteria to be considered someone at high risk for Ebola , ” city health officials said in a statement . “ The BPHC will continue to monitor this situation . ”
The patient will remain in isolation , hospital officials said .
“ After our initial evaluation , this patient does not appear to meet CDC criteria to be considered someone at high risk for Ebola and the likelihood of Ebola Virus Disease is extremely low , ” Beth Israel said in a statement . “ The hospital remains open for all normal clinical operations and visits . ”
Staff at the Braintree clinic had instructed the man to return to their vehicle and wait for an ambulance to arrive after they complained of symptoms , according to Brewster Ambulance Service .
“ Out of an abundance of caution we immediately notified authorities and the patient was securely removed from the building and put into an ambulance now headed to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , ” Harvard Vanguard Chief of Infectious Disease Ben Kruskal said .
Beth Israel officials said on Sunday that they would be doing an assessment of the patient before testing them for Ebola .
“ We are taking all necessary precautions in collaboration with the city of Boston and the Department of Public Health for the potential that this is suspected Ebola , ” said Dr. Kenneth Sands , chief quality officer at Beth Israel . “ In the meantime , we are pulling up protocols that we have prepared for , drilled for , that our staff are aware of . ”
The man will be in a special unit designed to keep other patients and staff safe , Sands said .
With the patient transferred , Harvard Vanguard reopened following the brief evacuation . It was also cleared by state health officials to resume normal business .
The Braintree clinic is located at 111 Grossman Drive . The patient 's SUV was towed from the clinic with orange biohazard stickers on the window .
“ Every precaution was taken in this case today and the patient has now been transported to a Boston hospital , ” Braintree Mayor Joseph Sullivan said in a statement . “ The patient 's car has been taken to a secure location where it can be monitored by law enforcement until more is known about the individual 's condition . ”
One woman at the clinic who is 7 months pregnant told reporters they were terrified . They said they were told by officials to go home and take a shower .
Harvard Vanguard said it will work closely with the Department of Public Health to determine the next steps .
“ There are no confirmed cases of Ebola in Massachusetts , ” the department said . “ DPH has worked with area hospitals over the past several months on suspected cases of Ebola and they have all been quickly ruled out . ”
Two Ebola patients with New England ties have been treated in recent weeks .
Holden Dr. Rick Sacra contracted the potentially deadly disease while working as a missionary doctor in Liberia . They were declared free of Ebola and returned to Massachusetts in September .
Photojournalist Ashoka Mukpo , a Providence native , contracted Ebola and is currently being treated at Nebraska Medical Center .
Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in West Africa and infected at least twice that many , the World Health Organization said last week .
On Sunday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed that a healthcare provider who helped treat Dallas Ebola patient Thomas Duncan , who died from the disease , now has a confirmed case of Ebola as well .
( TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
MORE LOCAL NEWS FROM CBS BOSTON
Jewish schools and synagogues will get £10million a year for guards to protect against anti-Semitic attacks , David Cameron announced last night .
In a hard-hitting speech to Jewish leaders last night , they promised not turn ‘ a blind eye ' both to physical attacks and to ‘ non-violent extremism ' .
The Prime Minister said new money had been found in the Budget to protect the community following the terrorist attacks in Paris and at a synagogue in Denmark .
Hard-hitting copy : Prime Minister David Cameron ( pictured yesterday ) said new money had been found in the Budget to protect the community following the terrorist attacks in Paris and at a synagogue in Denmark
They said they had been ‘ sickened beyond belief ' by the attacks in Paris in which journalists were killed at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , and more people died at a kosher grocery store .
‘ At a time when once again the Jewish communities of Europe feel vulnerable , and when anti-Semitism is at record levels here in Britain , I will not stand by , I will not turn a blind eye ' , Mr Cameron said .
And they hit out at the ‘ poisonous ideology ' of Islamic extremism , which they said involved not just terrorist attacks but ‘ incitement ' on the internet and by radical preachers .
They said this involved the peddling of ‘ the idea that Muslims all over the world are being persecuted as a deliberate act of Western policy… that 9/11 was a Jewish plot or that the 7/7 London attacks were staged . '
Terrorism : Mr Cameron said they had been ‘ sickened beyond belief ' by the attacks in Paris in which journalists were killed at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo ( above ) , and more people died at a kosher store
They told the Community Security Trust , a Jewish charity which protects the community against anti-Semitism , that their 3,000 volunteers represent the ‘ best of Britain ' .
I will not stand by , I will not turn a blind eye Prime Minister David Cameron
Currently around £2billion a year is provided in security to Jewish state schools . But the Prime Minister said they had been asked what would happen if there was a terrorist attack at a private school .
‘ How would we feel if we know we could have done more ? ' , they said . ‘ That 's not a thought I am prepared to entertain ' .
They announced £7million a year of new money to fund guards for all Jewish private schools and colleges across the country .
Terror attacks : Mr Cameron said 'incitement ' on the internet and by radical preachers involved the peddling of the idea 'that 9/11 ( left ) was a Jewish plot or that the 7/7 London attacks ( right ) were staged '
They added that MPs from all parties had highlighted the threat to synagogues and community buildings , which would get £3million .
How would we feel if we know we could have done more ? That 's not a thought I am prepared to entertain Prime Minister David Cameron
‘ That 's over £10million of new money for security – this year and every year – for as long as necessary ' , Mr Cameron said .
There will also be a one-off £1.5million payment to the Trust to fund state of the art CCTV cameras .
Mr Cameron said the Jewish community feels ‘ safe to live and flourish ' in Britain , at a time when thousands of Jews are fleeing France every year to live in Israel .
For the past six years , inmates at HMP Bristol in Horfield have been given the chance to learn new skills by Life Cycle UK . Now , the efforts of the Bristol-based charity have been rewarded .
Their Bike Back project , which offers up to eight offenders at a time the chance to learn bike maintenance and mechanical skills , has been awarded the Robin Corbett Award for Prisoner Rehabilitation 2017 – a prestigious award in the industry .
Life Cycle UK are based in a workshop in the shadow of HMP Bristol , Horfield . Inside , their spacious building houses bikes of many different states of repair , and the walls are hung with bike imagery , framed magazine articles and maintenance tools .
This is clearly the abode of some serious bike aficionados : everyone on the small staff team seems to have a passion for cycling , and they ensure that the bicycles maintenance they do is of the highest quality .
They rely on the public to donate old , unridable or unwanted bicycles , which the team then strip down , build up and then sell on . The refurbished bicycles are offered at affordable prices and are aimed primarily at people from lower incomes , who may otherwise not be able to find a decent bicycle . They sell around 320 per year , and the money raised is reinvested into the charity .
A team of volunteers helps the staff in the workshop to fix up the bikes , and in the process can work towards a Level 1 City & Guilds qualification in cycle mechanics .
They also have a second workshop inside the high brick walls of the prison , Life Cycle Workshop Leader John Russell explains , where they work directly with the prisoners . “ Inmates can access education and skills , or employment , so they opt in to do a course with us . They spend approximately 12 weeks learning the mechanical skills , and there are some key workers who we keep on to do tasks like bike checking and quality control . They become peer mentors for the others . ”
John has worked on the project for around four years , and has seen the difference that it can make to the lives of the inmates . “ Lots of them love coming into the workshop , ” they say . “ It takes away the feeling of being in prison , and it gives them a project to work on – something to strip down , build up and create from new . It can be cathartic . ”
And , perhaps surprisingly , often the inmates enjoy knowing that the work they are doing will benefit others . “ They like that it 's for a charity , and that through this work , they are giving something back , ” John continues . “ In a way , they are providing bikes for people like themselves . ”
Through the Bike Back project , inmates also have the chance to gain their Level 1 City & Guilds qualification , and 75 % of participants have completed it since the project began in 2010 .
Part of the success of the project is about the sense of achievement gained from seeing a bike come in broken and unusable , and , after some hard graft , turned into something useful once again . “ Often , it 's the first time they 've had positive praise , ” John says of the prisoners . “ If they 've not got good literacy or numeracy skills and have n't ever engaged with the education system , this less formal education setting lets them shine . ”
The overall aim of the project is to enable inmates to smoothly rejoin the community after leaving prison , perhaps to use their skills in a voluntary role with another organisation , or to get a job . But as much as this project is about bicycles , it 's also about people , and helping the men at HMP Bristol to reclaim their lives on the ‘ outside ' , as they go into the world as ex-prisoners .
Winning the award is a chance to tell everyone about the great work they are doing , and the staff team responsible for the prestigious win are collecting their award from the Houses of Parliament , in a ceremony they are clearly very excited about .
“ We are so thrilled to have won the Robin Corbett Award : this is a huge endorsement for Bike Back , ” said Poppy Brett , Chief Executive Officer of Life Cycle .
“ The scheme is so successful because of the unique partnerships we have formed : with the community who donate their unwanted bikes , with the staff at HMP Bristol who have supported us from day one , and , crucially , with the prisoners who commit to refurbishing the broken bikes . Of course , the greatest thanks goes to Life Cycle UK 's dedicated staff and volunteers , whose commitment to delivering a really outstanding scheme enabled us to win this award . ”
Support Life Cycle UK by donating an old , unwanted bicycle , or by becoming a volunteer . For more information , visit www.lifecycleuk.org.uk
Read more : Bristol Homeless Week – cycling to employment
According to a new report from German newspaper Redaktions Netzwerk Deutschland ( RND ) , Germany 's Interior Minister , Thomas de Maizièr , has written a draft proposal in which they would like German cars , as well as other digital devices being sold in Germany , to grant police backdoor access . The minister is expected to present the proposal at next week 's Ministry of Interior conference .
According to the RND report , the German minister would like intelligence agencies and police to gain `` exclusive '' access to cars , as well as digital devices such as computers , mobile devices , kitchen appliances , and smart TVs . The `` back door '' access would , in essence , allow the government to bypass the security protections some of these devices have . The police have been complaining that sometimes they ca n't install intercept equipment on some cars because their security systems are `` too good . ''
Maizièr would also like cars and digital devices to have a `` kill switch '' the government can use at will to shut down certain devices , allegedly to stop cybercrime .
A federal regulatory move to lower the standard for convictions in on-campus trials for offenses such as sexual assault to the “ preponderance of evidence ” has been thwarted , according to the U.S. Department of Education .
Criminal trials must show guilt “ beyond a reasonable doubt , ” but on campuses a higher standard of “ clear and convincing ” evidence has been utilized .
However , changes proposed by the federal agency would have mandated the use of the “ preponderance ” standard , which could produce a conviction based on evidence that shows nothing more than a person is more likely guilty than not .
The proposed change would make obtaining convictions in on-campus disciplinary trials much easier and quicker , analysts said .
Various civil and student rights organizations had fought the proposal , and word came on their victory through Inside Higher Education .
The group said the draft regulation approved this week after a series of meetings on the plans “ scrapped a controversial effort by the Education Department to require campus sexual assault proceedings to adhere to guidance issued by the department 's Office for Civil Rights . ”
The report said the civil rights office in 2011 told colleges “ they must use a ‘ preponderance of the evidence ' standard for such proceedings , a lower threshold than the ‘ clear and convincing ' standard that many institutions had been using . ”
Right advocates had accused federal officials of trying to impose the lower standard through regulations even though Congress specifically had rejected the idea .
One of the groups monitoring the situation , the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education , had said it was a “ bait and switch ” tactic to discuss imposing the lower standards while talking about about the application of the requirements of the Clery Act .
“ The negotiated rule making process does not empower negotiators to sneak into law substantive requirements that were debated and rejected by Congress , ” said Joe Cohn , the legislative director for the organization . “ Negotiated rule makers were not elected by the public . They must not replace Congress ' will with their own . ”
Other rule changes would have colleges expand reports on campus crimes , provide more details about disciplinary hearings and run sexual assault prevention programs .
The Education Department panel assembled the draft of safety rules as part of congressional amendments to the Clery Act , as part of the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act .
Domestic violence , dating violence , stalking and hate crimes all are being addressed in the changes , which also would allow students to be represented by lawyers if they are accused .
The rules now will be subject to a public comment period .
WND recently reported on one case that developed as a byproduct of on-campus proceedings . A federal judge said a series of claims by a student-athlete against their school will go to trial after they were branded a rapist in a campus hearing even though a local prosecutor who investigated said the case should be dropped .
The ruling from U.S. District Judge Arthur Spiegel rejected the request by Xavier University to toss the entire case . It ordered a trial on claims by Dezmine Wells regarding breach of contract , intentional infliction of emotional distress , libel through injury to their personal reputation , their profession reputation and with malice , negligence and discrimination .
The school released only a statement on the dispute .
“ We 're pleased that the court dismissed a number of the claims at this point , ” the university said . “ The court 's decision was based solely on the facts as alleged by Mr. Wells and their lawyers in their amended complaint , as is required by court rules at this early stage in the litigation . After the actual facts are disclosed to the court , we are confident that the result will vindicate Xavier . ”
Catherine Sevcenko , an attorney , commented on the website of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education that Wells was expelled for sexual assault “ in spite of the local prosecutor 's public statements that the evidence did not support the accuser 's allegations . ”
WND previously had reported on the federal campaign to have the lower standard of proof adopted . It arose after a high profile case involving student Caleb Warner from the University of North Dakota in Grand Forks .
Warner was found guilty of sexual assault by a campus court in 2010 , despite the facts established at the time by city police . Officers not only refused to charge them in the case but also alleged their accuser made a false report . Police issued a warrant for their arrest .
Even so , the university process found Warner guilty , and it took 18 months to resolve . During that time , Warner not only was banned from the UND campus but also from all college campuses in the state .
Advertisement
Photo : AES Energy Storage Powerhouse : This lithium-ion battery installation can smooth out variability in the adjacent wind farm near Elkins , W.Va .
Sometime this quarter , a shovel will sink into the dry desert soil of a Mexicali industrial park , breaking ground for the construction of an unprecedented energy-storage facility . Once completed , its batteries will be able to feed a full gigawatt into the grid for 4 to 6 hours .
By far the largest installation of its kind anywhere , it will help keep the lights on in Baja California and in the future , Southern California , just across the border . It should also improve the reliability of both the Mexican and U.S. grids and pave the way for using more solar and wind power . And with dozens of other battery -- based energy-storage projects in the works elsewhere in the world , 2012 may be a turning point for the electricity industry—where up to now , adding new capacity has always meant building an expensive new power plant .
At press time , Jacob Rikard Nielsen , vice president of business development for Rubenius , the Dubai-based company behind the Mexicali project , said plans were still being finalized , including a timeline for the project and the type of batteries it would use . The work builds on two smaller energy-storage sites the company has installed in Abu Dhabi , which use sodium-sulfur batteries from the Japanese company NGK .
One of the chief drivers of the Mexicali project is California 's goal of having 33 percent of its electricity come from renewable sources by 2020 . “ They 're already seeing problems today in terms of grid stability and flexibility , ” Nielsen says .
Eric Wesoff , an industry analyst with Greentech Media , explains why : “ A wind farm only works when the blades are spinning . It might have a nameplate capacity of 100 megawatts , but it never puts out that much . Sometimes it 's 70 ; sometimes it 's nothing . To a grid operator , that kind of resource is a headache rather than an aspirin. ” To compensate for solar and wind 's fitfulness , utilities end up building more gas turbines .
Using a bank of batteries allows utilities to even out the supply of renewable electricity . “ So now that 100-MW wind farm can say , We 're a 40-MW , steady-state , 24/7 energy source—more like a coal plant , ” Wesoff says . “ That 's more valuable to society . ”
Utilities have long avoided batteries , because the technology was too expensive and not robust enough to last for tens of thousands of charging cycles . At present , the world 's biggest grid-scale battery [ PDF ] is a bank of nickel cadmium cells in Fairbanks , Alaska , which can produce up to 52 MW of emergency backup power for about 15 minutes .
Some electric utilities store energy by pumping water uphill and then recapture the stored energy by allowing the water to flow back downhill through turbines . Worldwide , pumped hydro facilities can produce about 127 gigawatts this way . Compressed air is also used as a storage medium , a strategy that yields just a few hundred megawatts in total , about as much as battery-based energy-storage facilities can now produce .
But thanks to investments made by the consumer-electronics and electric-vehicle industries , battery technology has advanced enormously in just the past decade . “ Today you 've got two or three batteries on your person at all times , ” notes Haresh Kamath , program manager for energy-storage research at the Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) . “ The research applied to those industries is now being applied to batteries for the grid . ”
The potential market for grid-scale storage is substantial . Rubenius estimates it at US $ 30 billion per year , “ plus or minus $ 5 billion , ” Nielsen says . “ Of course , that 's not going to materialize tomorrow . But as the technology matures and utilities gain experience , we 'll get to that market status in the next 10 years . I 'm quite optimistic . ”
However , a lot of work remains between now and then , Kamath notes . Although many companies are touting novel battery technologies for grid-scale storage , only a few have been tested in a utility setting . Another stumbling block is terminology . Utility equipment tends to be rated in terms of straight watts—for example , a 40-MW transformer or a 60-MW feeder . Storage , though , is power supplied over some limited duration , so there 's the added element of time .
How you express that time turns out to be important . Let 's say you have a battery installation that can supply 10 MW for 4 hours . You may be tempted to describe that as having a capacity of 40 megawatt-hours , but it does n't mean the installation can provide 40 MW for 1 hour or even 20 MW for 2 hours . Right now , the utilities and the battery manufacturers tend to use different terminology when describing the same thing . “ That 's been a major obstacle in the energy-storage industry , ” says Kamath . “ We [ at EPRI ] try to translate so there 's no confusion . ”
That said , the activity in battery storage is “ probably a couple orders of magnitude greater than just 10 years ago , ” Kamath says . “ Rather than isolated efforts , we 're seeing major players spending serious money. ” Utilities , too , are much more enthusiastic about battery storage , they say , whereas in the past there was only “ polite interest . ”
That shift in attitude was apparent last year , when the Long Island Power Authority ( LIPA ) , in New York , put out a bid for proposals to add 2500 MW of capacity to its network . Though 15 of the 16 companies that responded proposed the usual range of generating options , AES Energy Storage , based in Arlington , Va. , proposed to fulfill a portion of LIPA 's needs with a 400-MW battery site .
In a densely populated area , the proposed installation would have several advantages over a traditional power plant , including “ no emissions , no water usage , no fuel lines , and no noise , ” says Chris Shelton , president of AES . LIPA is expected to announce the winning bids later this quarter or next .
In addition to the Long Island project , AES is pitching a similar 100-MW facility for El Paso , Texas , and several others that it has not yet disclosed to the public . By the end of last year , it had installed 76 MW of battery storage , including a recently opened 32-MW lithium-ion battery site adjacent to a wind farm near Elkins , W.Va. , and two smaller deployments in Chile . The lithium-ion batteries that AES is using in Elkins can discharge their rated power for about 15 minutes , not nearly enough to make the wind farm a round-the-clock electricity source , but enough to smooth out some of the wind 's variability .
The company got into grid-scale energy storage in 2007 . “ Back then , a 1-MW system seemed like a really big battery , ” says John Zahurancik , vice president of deployment and operations . “ Then we moved up to 10 MW and now 32 MW . Looking out a few years , it 's not hard to see 400 MW . The question is not whether we will see these things but how quickly . ”
Kamath is also optimistic for the long-term future of battery storage . “ Once we have substantial amounts of storage on the grid , we 'll see fundamental changes in the way the grid works , ” they say . Some proposals call for storage at the neighborhood or residential level . When you 're not using your electric car , for instance , it could be parked in your garage and supplement your household electricity needs during peak hours . “ You could even have storage in each appliance , ” Kamath says .
A refrigerator with a battery ? “ That day may come , ” they say . “ Because when it 's cycling on and off , it 's putting wear and tear on your electricity connection , and it makes the load on the grid more difficult to control . So maybe a battery there makes sense . ”
In the past month , the National Labor Relations Board has come under furious attack from Republicans in Congress , and decades-old workers ' rights are at risk . Backed by a well-financed lobbying and publicity offensive , Republicans are using a recent labor-law complaint against Boeing to achieve a radical goal that goes far beyond the legal issues in the case : unraveling workers ' rights that have been part of the fabric of our social contract since the Great Depression .
In April , the labor board 's acting general counsel filed a complaint against Boeing , alleging that the company retaliated against unionized workers by opening a nonunion aircraft facility in South Carolina , instead of using a facility in its home state of Washington . Citing multiple public statements by Boeing executives , the general counsel contended that the company decided to locate the plant in South Carolina in significant part to punish its Washington workers for having exercised their right to strike , enshrined in the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 .
Boeing has an opportunity at trial and in administrative and court appeals to disprove these allegations . It also may avoid the general counsel 's proposed remedy — an order restoring the aircraft production in question to Washington — if it can show that the order would be unduly burdensome .
But for Republicans , the legal process is beside the point . Representative Darrell Issa of California has disparaged the labor board as a “ rogue agency , ” and the presidential candidate Mitt Romney has called the general counsel 's complaint a “ job killer ” — even though the outcome of the case will determine only the location , not the number , of jobs . Last month , in an ambush against a federal agency 's powers in a pending case , the Republican-controlled House , voting almost entirely along party lines , approved a bill that would eliminate one of the paramount federal rights afforded workers for decades by prohibiting the labor board from ever ordering any employer to restore jobs illegally outsourced or relocated .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The attack against the Boeing complaint rests on three myths .
Myth No . 1 : The general counsel has invoked an unprecedented legal rule . Apart from its unusually large scale ( the location of an estimated 1,800 jobs is at stake ) , the Boeing case involves nothing legally new . The general counsel 's complaint is based on principles accepted by the labor board and the courts over many decades . In 1967 , the future Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger ( then a federal appellate judge ) wrote a decision holding that an employer may not transfer work to punish employees for exercising National Labor Relations Act rights ( like the right to strike ) . Likewise , the labor board has long had the authority to order restoration of work relocated as part of an unfair labor practice , and the appellate courts have approved such orders . In the absence of work restoration , any alternative remedy available to the labor board — like an order that Boeing post a bulletin-board notice promising to obey the law from now on — would be cosmetic .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Myth No . 2 : The Boeing complaint means that the government can dictate the location of businesses . Everyone agrees that a company may legally locate its production anywhere it wishes and for any reason — except retaliatory ones . Imagine if Boeing had deliberately located a new plant in an area with a predominantly white labor force and then publicly stated that it did so because it was tired of listening to discrimination complaints made by African-American employees at its home plant . If the general counsel 's allegations are true , Boeing did something legally indistinguishable — unless labor rights no longer count as “ real ” rights .
Myth No . 3 : The general counsel has discretion to drop the case in the name of economic policy . The general counsel is not a policymaker authorized to base decisions on what is good for employment in a particular region of the country . Their discretion is confined to enforcing the policy already chosen by Congress in the National Labor Relations Act . If their investigation yields reasonable cause to believe that a violation occurred , their only legally proper course is to bring a case to be decided through the ordinary process . If the Internal Revenue Service determines that a South Carolina employer owes millions in unpaid taxes , should it drop the case if it believes doing so would help the local economy ?
