`` PANIC '' redirects here . For the sensation of fear , see Panic . For other uses , see Panic ( disambiguation )
Proposition 64 was a proposition in the state of California on the November 4 , 1986 ballot . It was an initiative statute that would have restored Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome ( AIDS ) to the list of communicable diseases . The measure was defeated by a margin of 71 % to 29 % .
Activists associated with Lyndon LaRouche formed the `` Prevent AIDS Now Initiative Committee '' ( PANIC ) to place what became `` Proposition 64 '' on the California state ballot . The initiative was written by Khushro Ghandhi . [ 1 ] who was also the president of PANIC . Brian Lantz was vice-president [ 2 ] and Ted Andromidas was treasurer [ 3 ]
The initiative [ edit ]
Proponents argued that the measures would merely return AIDS to the list of communicable diseases under the public health laws . The ballot argument in favor of the proposition were pathologist John Grauerholz , psychiatrist Nancy T. Mullan , and former Centers for Disease Control advisor Gus S . Sermos . [ 4 ] Congressman William E. Dannemeyer was also a proponent .
Opponents characterized it as an effort to force HIV-positive individuals out of their jobs and into quarantine . Said Helen Miramontes , R.N. , president of the California Nurses Association :
Health professionals believe that Proposition 64 would seriously hurt their ability to treat and find a cure for AIDS . Current medical efforts based on years of research will be undermined by the fear generated by this irrational proposition .
The ballot argument against the measure was signed by Gladden V. Elliott , president of the California Medical Association , Congressman Ed Zschau , and Senator Alan Cranston . The submitted supporting argument included claims that AIDS could be transmitted by insects , respiratory means and casual contact . [ 4 ] These claims were challenged in a suit by California Secretary of State March Fong Eu , based on the argument that they had no scientific support . [ 4 ]
In 1988 , the text of Proposition 64 was re-introduced in California by the `` Prevent AIDS Now In California '' ( also PANIC ) committee and appeared on the June 1988 ballot as `` Proposition 69 . '' It was also defeated .
Related controversies [ edit ]
The gathering of signatures to qualify the initiative was handled in part by a paid contractor . The fee was paid with a contribution by the Caucus Distributors Inc , a key part of the LaRouche movement . [ 5 ] The political consultant who was hired by the LaRouche organization to collect signatures for the PANIC initiative was convicted of fraud in October 1988 . The consultant , Stanley I. Dale , used out-of-state signature-collectors and claimed they were California residents . [ 6 ] March Fong Eu , Secretary of State of California , notified the committee that their office had received numerous complaints of harassment by signature gatherers , including `` outrageous verbal abuse for mere failure to sign petitions '' . They warned them that further complaints would result in legal action . [ 7 ]
LaRouche activists accused official agencies such as the Centers for Disease Control of `` criminal malfeasance '' for refusing to back measures such as mandatory testing . [ 8 ]
See also [ edit ]
Bryce Dessner and The National Keep Truckin ' On
When most reach a plateau of success in the rock and roll world , they rest . For Bryce Dessner , part of the popular indie rock group The National , they could n't be more energized . Dessner recently completed the tenth version of their own MusicNOW Festival in Cincinnati , a festival that brought together like-minded musicians for a one-of-a-kind weekend of collaborations . The National performed with the Cincinnati Symphony and Dessner themselves collaborated with the likes of Arcade Fire 's Richard Reed Parry , the Kronos Quartet , Nico Muhly and more . I caught up with Dessner to reflect on ten years and finally get some answers about that mysterious Grateful Dead tribute album . On May 9 and 10 , Dessner will curate Mountains and Waves a weekend of music in London .
The National has been active on Instagram over the last couple of weeks sharing updates from the studio as you guys record the long-awaited Grateful Dead tribute album . How is that coming along ?
Yeah , we 're pretty deep into it . Tracks are coming together , and we did some sessions up at this amazing—it 's called Dreamland Studio in upstate New York . So we 're looking to wrap that up in May , I think . There are a bunch of exciting tracks that are happening , and we 're just now getting singers done and some of the mixing happening . So yeah , it 's going well .
From a musician 's viewpoint , what has it been like to dig into that catalog of music ?
I mean , it 's impressive what the Grateful Dead did musically . In general , the compilation is really focusing on the great songs , you know , the songwriting element . The legacy of the Dead is so vast , and their influence is so important . What we 've been trying to do is really focus on some of the more surprising types of people that you maybe would n't necessarily think would be Dead fans , but very much are . And so we 've been inviting really different types of bands and different types of songwriters , guitarists , whatnot .
Once you kind of skim the surface of the Dead catalogue , the bar is pretty high as far as getting inside the music , because they were an incredible live band . So we 've spent time really trying to be faithful to certain things about some of the arrangements and live arrangements—but it 's not a cover band , so we 're not doing it in a direct , kind of tribute way . We 're trying to kind of incorporate elements of what made them so great , but also to make new versions of songs .
A couple years ago , my brother , Aaron , Bryan [ Devendorf ] , Scott [ Devendorf ] and some other of our collaborators—a guy named Josh Kaufman , who 's also involved in the Dead record—went out and did a big set at the TRI Studios with Bob Weir , and since then we 've had Bob Weir join The National at Outside Lands—actually , the day we opened for Paul McCartney—and then again at Berkeley 's Greek Theatre . So we 've worked directly with Bob a bit . And , like I said , it 's not a purist approach , but basically the musicians involved all really know the songs—not just the songs , but the ins and outs of some of the more elaborate musical sections that they would do . So we 're trying to do it in a way that feels fresh and that is faithful but also kind of makes a departure and goes somewhere new . You know , obviously it sounds more like us than it does them .
Did I read this right—your sister Jessica was nominated for a Grammy for the Grateful Dead 's Spring 1990 ( The Other One ) box set ? [ Jessica Dessner was nominated for their artwork ]
That is right . They did n't win . Jack White won . But they should have won . [ Laughs ]
MusicNOW at ten years . Festivals do n't usually make it to ten years these days—is that a point of pride for you ?
When I started it , I really felt that I wanted to kind of stick with it . You got ta stick with something to grow it into something and people start to understand it , or it to have some kind of identity . It 's easy in the music world to start a band for a year or two , especially in the contemporary music world , to start a kind of ensemble or something , but it 's a lot harder to stick around . So , myself and the people that have worked on it in Cincinnati , we all felt like we wanted to make it something substantial . And I think that we also really love it . It 's a great kind of communion of a moment where we all come together , and it 's a bit of a celebration of music and feels like a great punctuation to the year to go home to Cincinnati and do the festival . So ten years , it 's interesting to make it ten years of the festival—I think The National 's probably been around for fifteen years , a bit more maybe . So it 's interesting , as you start to get a bit older , of course we reflect on that .
I liked your quote about the festival where you said it 's a “ creative refuge for artists. ” How important is the collaborative aspect for you ?
Because MusicNOW exists in a smaller , regional city , and it 's out of the mainstream media spotlight—and also its size , it 's an intimate festival that we only do—probably over the whole weekend we 'll sell five-six-thousand tickets , something like that , and it used to be much smaller—it allows for artists to come in and collaborate and to try—we always have a couple new commissions , which are usually in the kind of contemporary classical range , there 's very often works in progress , artists who 've never played together working on a new set of songs or whatever it is .
Basically , people feel comfortable taking risks . I think that 's a combination of the size of the festival and the fact that it 's not New York , London or LA . And then on top of that , the fact that it 's very much artist-run—I 'm there kind of facilitating the whole time—helps people feel comfortable . And that 's what makes it unique as a festival . You know , when we started , it might 've been a fairly progressive kind of festival . Now there are lots of opportunities like it , but what remains special is its size and the kind of artist-friendly feeling that MusicNOW has .
Does it help that this is an artist-curated festival ?
I think so . I think the music industry is a business , so when you 're playing even in the most friendly way , sometimes if it 's a bigger festival , it 's very much a kind of—you know , those artists really live off the finances involved in big festivals , it 's how a lot of artists survive , right ? So MusicNOW exists outside of that framework . It 's less about your big summer play and more about your creative development of “ what do you want to do ? ” Not necessarily what fans want to hear , what songs off your record that your label wants you to promote—it 's definitely not that .
So we often get artists who are off-tour , who do n't have a new release , who are coming in because they want to , and they have an idea they want to try . Like when Bon Iver—he 's been a few times—when they first came , I said , “ You know , you do n't even need to sing . You can come and do an electronic set or whatever you want to do. ” And I think that sort of openness about it is part of what helps people feel like it 's a good environment to take risks .
Pages : Next Page »
Truth is a process , not just an end-state . The Righteous Mind was about the obstacles to that process — confirmation bias , motivated reasoning , tribalism , and the worship of sacred values . Given the many ways that our moral psychology warps our reasoning , it 's a wonder we 've gotten as far as we have , as a species . That 's what 's so brilliant about science : it is a way of putting people together so that they challenge each other and cancel out each other 's confirmation biases and tribal commitments . The truth emerges from the interaction of flawed individuals .
But something alarming has happened to the academy since the 1990s : it has been transformed from an institution that leans to the left , which is not a big problem , into an institution that is entirely on the left , which is a very big problem .
Nowadays there are NO conservatives or libertarians in most academic departments in the humanities and social sciences . The academy has been so focused on attaining diversity by race and gender ( which are valuable ) that it has created a hostile climate for people who think differently . The American Academy has become a politically orthodox and quasi-religious institution . When everyone shares the same politics and prejudices , the disconfirmation process breaks down . Political orthodoxy is particularly dangerous for the social sciences , which grapple with so many controversial topics ( such as race , racism , gender , poverty , immigration , politics , and climate science ) . America needs innovative and trustworthy research on all these topics , but can a social science that lacks viewpoint diversity produce reliable findings ?
Jonathan Haidt considers whether an entirely biased social science is capable of reliability Based on the evidence , the answer is yes , as a social science that lacks viewpoint diversity produces findings that are reliably insane . At this point , the term `` social science '' has become an oxymoron akin to `` military intelligence '' or `` new Star Wars movie '' .
Labels : politics , science
Injustice : Gods Among Us hits PS Vita and other platforms Nov. 12
Injustice : Gods Among Us - Ultimate Edition , a version of NetherRealm Studios ' superhero fighting game that includes all of the game 's downloadable content , will arrive on PlayStation Vita and other platforms Nov. 12 , Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment announced today .
The Ultimate Edition will be available for $ 59.99 on PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 and Xbox 360 , $ 49.99 on Windows PC and $ 39.99 on PlayStation Vita . It will be available in Europe and other territories worldwide `` beginning Nov. 29 , '' according to WBIE .
High Voltage is developing the PS4 version , which will include include functionality with the DualShock 4 's touchpad , `` video sharing and streaming , and will link to players ' PlayStation Network Feed page during match wrap-ups and pause menus . '' High Voltage is also developing the Windows PC port .
Jack Matthews revealed today on the PlayStation Blog that Armature Studio `` worked tirelessly '' to ensure that the PS Vita version of Injustice will run at 60 frames-per-second just like its console predecessor .
`` In addition to all of this , we 've included ad-hoc multiplayer , traditional multiplayer over Wi-Fi , and touch controls to Story Mode and various S.T.A.R . Labs Missions , '' they wrote .
Word of the PS Vita version surfaced late last month when a rating for the game appeared on a German ratings board 's website .
Son Of COICA : PROTECT IP Act Will Allow For Broad Censorship Powers , Even Granted To Copyright Holders
from the censorship dept
The Act similarly authorizes a rights holder who is the victim of the infringement to bring an action against the owner , registrant , or Internet site dedicated to infringement , whether domestic or foreign , and seek a court order against the domain name registrant , owner , or the domain name .
As expected , it appears that a new version of COICA is on its way , and it looks like those behind it have ramped up their efforts to make the positioningbetter . Rather than COICA , it 's been renamed the `` Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act '' or the .... PROTECT IP Act ( do n't gag ) . And , rather than actually taking into account the concerns many had with COICA , this new bill is , in that it has a . That is , beyond just letting the Justice Department declare that a site is `` rogue '' and then getting a court order that would require all sorts of third parties censor that site , this new law willlet rights holders take action . That is , unlike COICA , PROTECT IP has a `` private right of action . `` To try to make this palatable , the bill says that the court 's permission is needed to serve such an order ( though , these kinds of things are frequently rubber stamped ) and it will only apply to payment processors and ad networks , rather than ISPs and search engines . The DOJ version , however , can apply against ISPs , search engines , ad providers and payment processors.Oh , and if you noticed that `` search engines '' included in there and wondered , yes , that 's different from COICA as well . Beyond justthese other service providers from blocking service , this new law willThe bill claims it includes `` safeguards , '' but those `` safeguards '' are thatthe court order has been issued and all the third party service providers ( payment process , ad networks , ISPs , search engines ) have been required to block service to the site , the site can `` petition the court to suspend or vacate the order . '' That seems a bit late in the process , does n't it ? Since we 've seen many of the `` seized '' domains simply move to new sites , the PROTECT IP Act also says that any site that just moves to a new domain , the same draconian censorship requirements apply to those new sites as well . On top of that , itonline service providers tocensor , saying that such services are `` immunized from damages '' for taking action against a site they believe is `` dedicated to infringing activities . `` Oh , one area where the law backs down is that it no longer focuses on seizing domains . That is , it no longer talks about requiring registrars and registers to be subject to this law . But the reason they 've done so is because they say that Homeland Security 's successful domain seizing means that such powers would be redundant ... Once again , what we have here is a terrible bill that provides for broad censorship power not just to the government , but potentially to private companies as well , against sites which they accuse of being dedicated to infringement .
Filed Under : censorship , coica , copyright , free speech , protect ip , rogue sites
Party mechanics : why Labour would struggle to oust Jeremy Corbyn
Written by Tom Quinn .
Despite their firm stance , Jeremy Corbyn has lost a parliamentary vote on military intervention in Syria , in no small part thanks to members of their own party voting with the government . The chaos of Corbyn 's leadership so far seemingly leaves open the question of whether they might resign or be overthrown .
Although a sizeable number of Labour MPs voted with the government over Syria , it is clear that the wider party is behind Corbyn . If moderates in the party think this vote might help them get rid of Corbyn as leader , they are very much mistaken . In fact , their options look quite limited .
Labour has no formal mechanism for a confidence vote on a sitting leader . Any move against Corbyn by MPs would need to be a direct leadership challenge . Labour 's constitution makes provision for annual leadership contests when the party is in opposition , but these are scheduled for the annual conference – and the next one is n't until September 2016 . Some anti-Corbynites might regard that as better than nothing and could bide their time until then . Yet that raises more problems .
There has been a clear shift to the left within Labour 's membership . Any restaged leadership contest in which Corbyn or one of their allies stood would in all likelihood result in another overwhelming victory for the left . A recent poll found that Corbyn had high approval ratings among party members .
Some have suggested that in the event of a leadership challenge Corbyn could be excluded altogether . Labour 's constitution states that if an election is called to challenge a leader , hopefuls need to secure nominations from 20 % of MPs and MEPs to run .
The wording of Labour 's rules is loose and ambiguous so it is not clear whether this 20 % threshold applies only to challengers or to the incumbent leader too .
One barrister has suggested that it is the former , but if it is the latter , Corbyn could be in trouble . They struggled to reach the 15 % threshold set for the election in June ( which was lower in that contest because there was no leader at the time ) and managed it only because some MPs “ lent ” them their nominations . They would be less likely to do so again .
Changing the rules ?
Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee ( NEC ) has reportedly discussed changing the rules to make it clear that the incumbent does not require re-nominating in the event of a challenge . Such a change would have to wait until next year 's party conference .
So , what would happen if there were a challenge next summer in time for the party conference ? Presumably , the NEC would make its own ruling – and that body has a pro-Corbyn majority . The last recourse of opponents would be to take it to court . By then , the rules may have changed .
In contrast , if Corbyn resigns , they would leave a vacancy . All candidates would need to be nominated by 15 % of MPs to secure a place on the ballot . A left-wing candidate might struggle to do that . It would offer the easiest way back to power for the moderates , which is why Corbyn 's left-wing allies would urge them to remain in post , no matter how much they are attacked .
The left has invested too much in this struggle for the soul of the Labour Party to throw it away now . It needs Corbyn to stay put at least until it has changed the rules on leadership elections – including , perhaps , reducing the nomination threshold for vacancies .
A changed party
One final option would be for shadow ministers to withdraw their support from the leaderen masse . The belief has long been that party leaders need the support of their senior colleagues and without it they lose their authority , ending in resignation or ejection .
But Corbyn never had any authority among MPs to lose in the first place . They see themselves as a delegate of the grassroots , the personification of intra-party democracy , the head of a great movement . From their perspective , it is the MPs who are out of touch .
Indeed , the debate about procedures and putsches somewhat misses the point . Labour is a very different party from what it was just seven months ago . The left has become dominant in every section of the party outside of the PLP , including the unions , the NEC and the individual membership .
Corbyn increasingly looks to the members in their internal battles . They frequently cite the mandate they gave them to shift the party to the left . They went over the MPs ' heads to consult with members over military action in Syria . There have also been suggestions that they might call a membership plebiscite on Trident . Corbyn 's support remains minimal in the PLP , but the latter is increasingly adrift from the party outside parliament .
Conceding a free vote on Syria may have been a tactical retreat to avoid the embarrassment of front-bench resignations , but Corbyn will claim it as vindication and depict those who backed airstrikes as an out-of-touch minority . Labour 's moderate MPs are looking horribly exposed .
It has become a common refrain to say that things can not continue as they are in the Labour Party . But the presumption that unity will soon return through compromise , or that the left will be dispatched back into the wilderness no longer looks sound . It may instead be Labour 's moderates who are a step closer to defeat .
Tom Quinn is a Senior Lecturer in the Department of Government at the University of Essex.This article was first published on The Conversation and can be found here . Image credit : Screencap/Channel 4 News
Cereal Killer ‘ Flash drought ' could devastate half the High Plains wheat harvest
It 's peak hurricane season , but the nation 's worst weather disaster right now is raging on the High Plains .
An intense drought has quickly gripped much of the Dakotas and parts of Montana this summer , catching farmers and ranchers off-guard . The multi-agency U.S. Drought Monitor recently upgraded the drought to “ exceptional , ” its highest severity level , matching the intensity of the California drought at its peak .
The Associated Press says the dry conditions are “ laying waste to crops and searing pasture and hay land ” in America 's new wheat belt , with some longtime farmers and ranchers calling it the worst of their lifetimes . Unfortunately , this kind of came-out-of-nowhere drought could become a lot less rare in the future .
“ The damage and the destruction is just unimaginable , ” Montana resident Sarah Swanson told Grist . “ It 's unlike anything we 've seen in decades . ”
Rainfall across the affected region has been less than half of normal since late April , when this year 's growing season began . In parts of Montana 's Missouri River basin , which is the drought 's epicenter , rainfall has been less than a quarter of normal — which equals the driest growing season in recorded history for some communities .
“ It 's devastating , ” says Tanja Fransen , a meteorologist at the National Weather Service 's office in Glasgow , Montana . Just six years removed from 2011 , one of the region 's wettest years on record , eastern Montana is now enduring one of its driest .
“ We 're at the bottom of the barrel , ” Fransen says . “ For many areas , it 's the worst we 've seen in 100 years . ”
Wheat production worries
The drought already has far-reaching effects . In eastern Montana , America 's current-largest wildfire continues to smolder ; the 422-square-mile Lodgepole complex fire is one-third the size of Rhode Island . It 's Montana 's largest fire since 1910 .
Across the state , 17 other large fires are also spreading . “ We have n't even hit our normal peak fire season yet , ” Fransen says .
Recently , as the climate has warmed and crop suitability has shifted , the Dakotas and Montana have surpassed Kansas as the most important wheat-growing region in the country . The High Plains is now a supplier of staple grain for the entire world . According to recent field surveys , more than half of this year 's harvest may already be lost .
The economic impact of the drought and related fires may exceed $ 1 billion across the multi-state region by the time the rains return . Donations of hay for beleaguered farmers and ranchers have come in from as far away as West Virginia .
Farmers in the region are also worried because the Trump administration has targeted a key federal crop insurance program for hefty cuts . The governors of North Dakota , South Dakota , and Montana have all declared states of emergency to speed aid and open some normally protected areas for livestock grazing .
It came out of nowhere
Droughts are often thought of as creeping , slow-motion disasters . They usually do n't grab headlines like hurricane landfalls , even though they represent the costliest weather-related catastrophe worldwide .
But this drought is an anomaly , a “ flash drought. ” It essentially came from nowhere . It did n't exist just three months ago .
The frequency of these rapid-onset droughts is expected to increase as the planet warms . A recent study focusing on China found that flash droughts more than doubled in frequency there between 1979 and 2010 .
Droughts like these are closely linked to climate change . As temperatures rise , abnormally dry conditions across the western United States are already becoming more common and more intense . And as evaporation rates speed up , rainfall becomes more erratic , and spring snowmelt dries up earlier each year .
Future summers in North Dakota are expected to be even hotter and drier , on par with the present-day weather of south Texas .
Taking heavy losses
On Whitney Klasna 's ranch in Lambert , Montana , the spring rains “ just did n't come this year. ” Klasna has already seen 60 to 80 percent crop losses in their fields , and now she 's making calculations about which of their cattle they can afford to save . They and their crew are working to drill an additional water well and install a pipeline to keep as many alive as possible .
Now they 're worried that , if the rains do come , they 'll lead to flash flooding ; the ground has essentially been transformed into concrete .
Klasna calls the drought a “ perfect storm of bad luck ” and expects its impacts to last for years .
Further west , near where the Lodgepole complex is burning , Sarah Swanson runs a John Deere dealership , one of the biggest businesses in their community . They hear heartbreaking stories from across the region , with many farmers and ranchers working together to fight the fire with their own equipment .
“ Right now , I do n't think anybody has time to feel scared , ” Swanson says . “ I think the emotions will probably start once they have time to get the fire out in a week or two . ”
Last week , Swanson wrote a personal letter to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke , a Montana native , asking them to ease grazing restrictions on a nearby wildlife refuge . Two days later , they did so .
“ We 'll be able to continue on , ” Swanson says . “ I wish I could say that for all the Main Street businesses in eastern Montana , but I do n't think I can . The effects are already being felt by restaurants and retail shops and gas stations , and there will be some that ca n't sustain this . ”
Illustration : Yahoo News ; source : AP
The White House is refusing to comment on an online petition , signed by 101,491 people , calling for Donald Trump 's arrest and prosecution on charges of incitement to violence , based on the Republican presidential frontrunner 's inflammatory rhetoric at campaign rallies .
The request , filed through the “ We the People ” section of the official White House website , was posted on March 13 and recently passed the 100,000-signature mark that the administration has said will trigger an official response to any petition .
The petition reads : “ Donald J. Trump has been inciting violent acts amongst their supporters . They should be arrested and prosecuted for this . Legal precedent : Brandenburg v. Ohio . To wit , the Court held that government can not punish inflammatory speech . UNLESS that speech is directed to inciting , and is likely to incite , imminent lawless action . Clearly , they are doing exactly that . ”
The White House recently answered a petition urging President Obama to appear on Bill Maher 's “ Real Time ” show , and famously offered a long , detailed , amusing reply to another message urging the construction of a “ Death Star . ”
When it comes to arresting and prosecuting Trump , however , the White House wo n't talk .
“ We decline to comment on the specific request raised in the petition , which falls outside the scope of the the People Terms of Participation , ” according to its official answer , delivered on April Fools ' Day . It did not spell out exactly how the petition fell outside the bounds of petitions that deserve an answer .
U.S. Army Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl at one point during their captivity converted to Islam , fraternized openly with their captors and declared themselves a `` mujahid , '' or warrior for Islam , according to secret documents prepared on the basis of a purported eyewitness account and obtained by Fox News .
The reports indicate that Bergdahl 's relations with their Haqqani captors morphed over time , from periods of hostility , where they were treated very much like a hostage , to periods where , as one source told Fox News , `` he became much more of an accepted fellow '' than is popularly understood . They even reportedly was allowed to carry a gun at times .
The documents show that Bergdahl at one point escaped their captors for five days and was kept , upon their re-capture , in a metal cage , like an animal . In addition , the reports detail discussions of prisoner swaps and other attempts at a negotiated resolution to the case that appear to have commenced as early as the fall of 2009 .
The reports are rich in on-the-ground detail -- including the names and locations of the Haqqani commanders who ran the 200-man rotation used to guard the Idaho native -- and present the most detailed view yet of what Bergdahl 's life over the past five years has been like . These real-time dispatches were generated by the Eclipse Group , a shadowy private firm of former intelligence officers and operatives that has subcontracted with the Defense Department and prominent corporations to deliver granular intelligence on terrorist activities and other security-related topics , often from challenging environments in far-flung corners of the globe .
The group is run by Duane R. ( `` Dewey '' ) Clarridge , a former senior operations officer for the Central Intelligence Agency in the 1980s best known for having been indicted for lying to Congress about their role in the tangled set of events that became known as the Iran-Contra scandal . They were pardoned by the first President Bush in December 1992 while on trial .
Clarridge counts a number of achievements in their spy career as well , including a prominent role in the establishment of a national counterrorism center at CIA , a move widely copied around the world by foreign intelligence agencies . A New York Times profile of Clarridge published in January 2011 disclosed the contractual relationship Eclipse had with the Pentagon , through subcontractors , and reported further that Clarridge 's activities had included efforts to help find Bergdahl .
Clarridge told Fox News their group enjoyed a subcontract through the assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict from November 2009 through May 31 , 2010 , and that after the contract was terminated , they invested some $ 50,000 of their own money to maintain the elaborate network of informants and handlers that had yielded such detailed accounts of Bergdahl 's status .
Clarridge further told Fox News that by the end of 2010 , they had furnished at least 13 of these detailed SITREPs , or situation reports , that their network generated about Bergdahl to Brig . Gen. Robert P. Ashley Jr. , who in April 2010 was named director of intelligence , at the J-2 level , at U.S. Central Command , or CENTCOM , headquartered at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida .
Clarridge said Eclipse SITREP # 3023 , dated Aug. 23 , 2012 -- in which a member of the Haqqani network , said to be close to Bergdahl 's captors , reported that the American prisoner had declared themselves a `` mujahid '' -- was among the reports provided to Ashley .
The latter is now commanding general at the U.S. Army Intelligence Center of Excellence and Fort Huachuca , where a message left with the public affairs office was not immediately returned .
The documents obtained by Fox News show that Eclipse developed and transmitted numerous status reports on the whereabouts of the errant American soldier , spanning a period from October 2009 , roughly three months after Bergdahl reportedly walked off their base in Afghanistan and fell into custody of the Haqqani network , up through August 2012 .
At one point -- in late June 2010 , after Bergdahl succeeded in one of their escape attempts -- the Haqqani commanders constructed a special metal cage for him , and confined them to it . At other points , however , Bergdahl was reported to be happily playing soccer with the Haqqani fighters , taking part in AK-47 target practice and being permitted to carry a firearm of their own , laughing frequently and proclaiming `` Salaam , '' the Arabic word for `` peace . ''
Reached by telephone , retired U.S. Marine Corps Gen. James N. Mattis , a 45-year service veteran who served as CENTCOM commander from August 2010 to August 2012 , told Fox News they may have received bits and pieces of the intelligence generated by Eclipse , but said Ashley , with whom they maintained a close working relationship , had not forwarded on to them the specific SITREPs cited by Fox News .
Mattis was also adamant that no one at CENTCOM or within the broader U.S. military or intelligence community -- despite intensive investigation of such allegations -- ever learned of anything to suggest Bergdahl had evolved into an active collaborator with the Haqqani network or the Taliban . `` We were always looking for actionable intelligence , '' Mattis said . `` It was n't just the IC [ intelligence community ] . We had tactical units that were involved in the fight . We had SIGINT . Any collaborators who were on the other side and who came over to our side . We kept an eye on this . ... There was never any evidence of collaboration . ''
Fox News reported on Monday that Bergdahl was the subject of a `` major classified file '' prepared by the U.S. intelligence community , and that many members of that community harbored concerns that Bergdahl , during their period of captivity , may have engaged in collaboration with the enemy .
Experts consulted by Fox News said that SITREP # 3023 presents a picture of an American captive who , if not an active collaborator , may have succumbed to Stockholm Syndrome -- the dynamic by which hostages can become enamored of their captors and join their cause -- or simply feigned allegiance in order to survive . The report cited a source new to Eclipse -- a member of the Haqqani network said to be close to Mullah Sangeen , the Haqqani commander charged at all points over the last five years with operational custody and control of Bergdahl -- whose trustworthiness had not been fully vetted by the group . However , the report stated , the informant `` does have plausible access to the information reported below , and claims to have seen Bergdahl personally in Shawal , '' in North Waziristan .
`` In the early stages Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl 's captivity , '' the report states , `` he was held at Palasin , Naurak , FATA [ Federally Administered Tribal Areas ] , under the control of Mullah Sangeen and under the direct supervision of Haji Mursaleem , Sangeen 's father . Conditions and locality changed after Mursaleem died [ in September 2010 ] , and Bergdahl was kept under tight guard after their attempted escape from their new place of detention in Shawal .
`` As of August 2012 , '' the report continues , `` the person with responsibility for Bergdahl 's captivity is Sangeen 's brother , who has delegated the actual guarding of Bergdahl to Abubakr Asadkhel , a Burra Khel Wazir loyal to Sangeen , and whose sub-tribe lives in Shawal . Abubakr leads approximately 200 armed men from their tribe and operates from five bases ( markaz ) in Shawal . ... Abubakr 's tribe is one of the prosperous branches of the Wazir and owns lots of trucks . Abubakr circulates their prisoner between schools in the area they control , and their different insurgent bases . ''
Conditions for Bergdahl have greatly relaxed since the time of the escape . Bergdahl has converted to Islam and now describes themselves as a mujahid . Bergdahl enjoys a modicum of freedom , and engages in target practice with the local mujahedeen , firing AK47s . Bergdahl is even allowed to carry a loaded gun on occasion . Bergdahl plays soccer with their guards and bounds around the pitch like a mad man . They appear to be well and happy , and has a noticeable habit of laughing frequently and saying 'Salaam ' repeatedly .
At other points , the SITREPs depict a much nastier relationship between Bergdahl and their captors . In July 2010 , Eclipse SITREPs based on confidential talks with Afghan Taliban commanders reported that `` the original command structure for the responsibility of holding the captured soldier remains intact . ''
Overall responsibility for the captive is in the hands of Haqqani commander Sangeen , with Bandiwan , one of their deputies , responsible for making the detailed arrangements . There are two locations where the soldier is kept : one in Degan and the other in Shawal , North Waziristan . When in Degan they are kept in the compound of Eid Wale , a local Dawr who is close to Sangeen and is a chromite dealer . The other location is at Shawal . The [ source ] confirmed that the soldier had been missing for five days and when they were recovered , they were a little worse from wear ( lack of food ; a bit slimmer ) but otherwise in good health .
But an earlier dispatch stated that after their re-capture , on or about June 22 , 2010 , Bergdahl was `` in ill-health , and has been collapsing . `` A SITREP dated one week before Bergdahl 's ill-fated escape attempt placed them in the Bazaar area of Miramshah , and noted that `` he seemed not to be tightly controlled . ''
The Eclipse reports suggest that negotiations over Bergdahl 's fate began within a few months after their capture . An October 2009 SITREP disclosed that Sirajuddin Haqqani , the Pashtun warlord controlling the broader network that bears their name , had reached out through Pakistani political contacts to propose a prisoner swap . A July 2010 SITREP stated that two months prior , in late May , `` negotiations between the Haqqani and representatives of the missing US soldier collapsed . '' At that point , the report said , Bergdahl was moved to a more secure location .
The New York Times , in its 2011 profile of Clarridge , described their agents ' dispatches as `` an amalgam of fact , rumor , analysis and uncorroborated reports . '' The fabled ex-spook made the more than one dozen SITREPs that Eclipse prepared on the Bergdahl case -- all previously unpublished -- available to Fox News because they wanted to demonstrate , as they put it : `` We know what we 're talking about . ''
Real-time view data is not available at this time . Learn more .
Lebanese-American porn star Mia Khalifa recently became the # 1 ranked actor on porn site PornHub . In honor of Khalifa 's new title , here are 14 hot hot facts about Lebanon brought to you by Mia herself .
Lebanon is a Middle Eastern country bordering the Mediterranean Sea between Israel and Syria .
It 's exact geographic coordinates are 33 50 N , 35 50 E. Lebanon , those are some sexy measurements , girlfriend .
Lebanon covers a land area of 4,036 square miles .
Ooh , Lebanon , that means you 're smaller than the total surface area of Connecticut . Damn girl , you 're petite !
Lebanon 's natural resources include limestone , iron ore , salt , and being a water-surplus state in a water-deficit region .
Lebanon , I bet you got all kinds of arable land , huh ? Yeah , you do . You nasty with that arable land .
Beirut is Lebanon 's capital and largest city , with a population of 361,000 .
Beirut , you 're a cosmopolitan mix of cultures and international influences , are n't you ? At once being dubbed the “ Party Capital of the Arab World ” while simultaneously maintaining significant conservative Muslim traditions , huh ? You cray , Beirut , you cray .
Air pollution in Beirut from vehicular traffic and the burning of industrial wastes are pressing environmental issues .
That sounds like a pressing concern in your nation 's capital , Lebanon . I feel you .
Lebanon has still not fully recovered from its devastating civil war . Lasting between 1975–1990 , the war resulted in over 120,000 deaths , the exodus of over 1 million residents , and long-lasting damage to infrastructure .
Damn .
Following World War I , France acquired a mandate over the northern portion of the former Ottoman Empire province of Syria . The French demarcated the region of Lebanon in 1920 and granted this area independence in 1943 .
Damn , Lebanon , it sounds like since independence your country has been marked by periods of political turmoil interspersed with prosperity built on your position as a regional center for finance and trade . # earnednotgiven
Arabic is the official language of Lebanon , but French , English , and Armenian are all widely spoken .
What a diverse populous , Lebanon . That 's hot .
Muslims are the religious majority at 54 % ( 27 % Sunni , 27 % Shia ) of Lebanon , with Christians the next largest group at 40.5 % .
But I know you also have small amounts of Druze , Jews , Baha'is , Buddhists , Hindus , and Mormons , do n't you , Lebanon ? Ahh yeah you do .
Lebanon 's presidential seat is currently vacant , as its fragile political system has tried and failed six times to elect a new leader since May 2014 .
Shit , Lebanon , a myriad of political parties and religious sects must agree on your next president ? No wonder you 're currently leaderless . Ever heard of an election ? Nah I 'm just playing . # wecouldbetogetherbutyouplayin
Lebanon 's GDP is $ 64.31 billion .
Ah Lebanon , do n't even act like I do n't know that means that per capita your GDP is $ 15,800 !
The current Prime Minister of Lebanon is Tammam Saeb Salam .
Oh , so you got a Prime Minister but you 're still trying to fill your vacant presidential seat , too ? Sounds like somebody has expensive taste . I appreciate that .
Lebanese poet Khalil Gibran is the third bestselling poet globally of all time , behind Shakespeare and Lao-Tzu ( author of the Tao Te Ching ) .
Oh , Lebanon , you know I know about Khalil . Khalil wrote that hella inspirational book of poetic-essays The Prophet , an international bestseller . During their lifetime they received criticism for being a rebel , but is now seen as a national hero .
Mia Khalifa , a 21-year-old Lebanese-American , is currently the most popular porn star in the world , a designation for which they and their family receive death threats and vitriolic hatred from religious fundamentalists in their home country .
Khalifa has responded on their Twitter to the threats by saying :
Does n't the Middle East have more important things to worry about besides me ? How about finding a president ? Or containing ISIS ? — Mia K. ( @ miakhalifa ) January 3 , 2015
Miss Khalifa studied history at the University of Texas at El Paso .
You do you , girl . You do you .
Noir World is film noir as powered by the Apocalypse . Around your table you 'll choose from 20 Roles , create relationships between them , build a City , and maybe solve a Crime , all while trying to create the best Movie possible .
It 's powered by the Apocalypse , the same mechanics found in Apocalypse World , Dungeon World , Headspace , and Monsterhearts , but it 's different - there 's no one single person acting as a GM . Here , everyone will have a chance to be the Director , everyone is the GM .
Aside from stretch goals , art , and an appendix or two , the text is ready to go , so let 's make this book happen .
Noir World is your chance to explore hardboiled and crime fiction and film noir using a combination of Apocalypse World stylings and the vocabulary we 've all gained by watching television and movies .
Film noir is all about telling stories where characters who do n't neatly fit into the binary of good and evil live with the terrible consequences of their emotionally fueled choices . Noir World reflects that throughout the game .
You never know what can happen
There are 20 Roles to choose from ( noir classics like the Fatale , Private Eye , and the Dirty Cop , but also more neo-noir Roles like the Disgraced Doctor and the Attorney ) . Taking a big step away from the source material , there are no restrictions or gender , race , identity or orientation when it comes to Roles - make them your own , no matter what .
The Fatale
There are 6 types of Crime : Murder , Blackmail , Fraud , Arson , Kidnapping , and Robbery .
Terrible things can happen in dark places
There are 10 Decades to play in : starting in the 1920s and proceeding upwards to the Near-Future .
In short : Noir World can be played by anyone anyway they want , in any time they want .
Let 's take a look at one of the big parts of Noir World , the Hook system . Every Role has an entire page of Hooks available to them , and instructions to build 2 Hooks among the other Roles at the table .
Here 's how a Hook is built :
If we have The Starry Eyed Kid , then we have a Hook called `` Golly , you 're pretty sure that if you just spend more time with this Role , they 'll stop doing all that bad stuff . '' This sounds interesting to them , so they suggest to the Attorney that this is part of their relationship .
The Attorney digs this idea , and looks at their own sheet for a Hook . They choose , `` One drunken night , you told this Role your Secret , and you 've been begging them to stay silent about it . '' The Starry Eyed Kid thinks that 's a great idea , creating a dynamic between them where there 's guilt , regret , and likely some annoying earnestness .
That relationship , that Hook , counts as ONE of the Starry Eyed Kid 's two Hooks , because the Kid instigated it . The Attorney 's response DOES NOT count as one of their Hooks , because it was part of the Kid 's relationship .
The Kid then chooses a different Hook and a different Role to have that second relationship with . You ca n't repeat Hooks between Roles , and you ca n't Hook the same Role twice .
That 's the Hook System .
It 's critical to know that this game would forever remain in the abstract without the tireless work and support from an incredibly talented team of creatives .
JOHN ADAMUS wrote Noir World . They worked very hard on it , and is very proud of it . You can follow them on Twitter at @ awesome_john
JASON PITRE made the book look very pretty and answered many of John 's questions about publishing . They are a game designer and professional ecologist from the wilds of Canada . As the mind behind Genesis of Legend Publishing , they have designed and laid-out many fine roleplaying games for professional publication . You may know them from their cosmopolitan planar fantasy setting of Sig : Manual of the Primes , or their PBTA game of social justice wizards titled Circles of Power . Check them out on Twitter @ genesisoflegend !
JEREMY MORGAN edited the book and is an experienced RPG editor that 's worked on multiple projects from publishers like Galileo Games and Green Hat Designs . They keep two things in their desk . One 's a red pen , and they keep it loaded . The other 's a six-pack of Dr. Pepper , and it keeps them loaded . You can find them on Twitter at @ TriskalJM
PAULOMI PATRAP made the logo happen and steered John through the sorcerous process of talking to artists as Art Director . Born and raised in Texas , Paulomi loves tabletop games and RPGs almost as much as they love their dog… or Tex-Mex… or Star Wars… or puns . Oh man , they really loves puns . You can check out some of the other projects she 's working on at paulomipratap.com , or get updates on Twitter @ PaulomiSP
The art in the Kickstarter and on this page is by Rekka Jay , who should draw more things for more people .
The initial goal of $ 3,000 will give us the funding we need to make this project a reality . As soon as we reach our initial goal , we can reveal all of the other awesome goals for the campaign .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 1 -- At $ 10,000 , City/NPC Expansion Toolbox . Add lists of City Locations and Persons into your stories , giving you some extra flavor and creative fuel .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 2 -- At $ 11,500 , The One Shot Narwhal Featurette . 6 fishermen with reasons to distrust and hate each other , 1 leaky old boat that might not make the trip back to port , several angry narwhals out for blood . What 's the worst that could happen ? Noir meets the deep sea and angry cetaceans in this miniseries taking Noir World in a whole new direction .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 3 -- At $ 12,750 , The Retro Heroes/Villians Pack . Add The Amazon , The Lone Ranger , The Shadow , The Green Hornet , The Vigilante , The Ripper , and The Phantom to Noir World and expand the type of Movies you can tell .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 4 -- At $ 14,000 , The Prom Featurette . It 's prom weekend . 6 teens have stories to tell before , during , and after the dancing , as well during as the weekend thereafter . This is a different view of noir , as told through drama and youth . This is inspired by Brick , Riverdale , very special episodes of 90210 , and any of the CW shows where people end up pouting .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 5 -- At $ 15,500 , The Toon . Perhaps you 're familiar with a case from back in the day , about a certain rabbit who was framed and it was up to a Private Eye to make things right . The Toon in Noir World gives you a chance to bring some rather ... animated characters into your Movies .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 6 -- At $ 17,000 , Cyberpunk . Noir World goes cyberpunk . Mark Richardson , creator of Headspace , will be bringing Noir World The Replicant , as well some expertise on how to give your noir a futuristic edge .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 7 -- At $ 18,250 , more eras of play . We 've already covered the 1920s to the future , so let 's go backwards . This stretch goal adds the 1780s , the 1880s , and the 1900s . This is perfect for all your Hamilton , Wild West , and turn-of-the-century Noirs .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 8 -- At $ 20,000 , Star Noir . Let 's suppose you want to check out the final frontier , or travel to galaxies far away long ago . Let 's suppose you want red shirts or laser swords mixed in with your hives of scum and villainy or your strange alien worlds . Star Noir is your chance to give your Movies a bit of science fiction noir - gritty stories in environments and situations you would n't think of as being so intimately tragic or intense .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 9 -- At $ 22,000 , the book gets fancier . Let 's make the book nicer . Let 's make a thing that looks damned good on a shelf . Now there 's a Hardcover option , for those interested .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 10 -- At $ 25,000 , Cthulhu Noir . This Appendix lets you get your Lovecraft and Derleth on within the existing Noir World framework ( including notes on how you can change The Citizen into The Librarian ) .
FUNDED ! ! STRETCH GOAL 11 -- At $ 30,000 , Hardcovers for everybody & Variant Cover available . We 've made the interior of the book fancier , now let 's work on the exterior . At this tier , all softcover books are hardcovers , and backing at the Hardcover level will you get the deluxe variant `` super '' cover - a black fabric , silver embossed Noir World logo ( image soon ! )
And now we 've got social media goals !
We 've reached our first social media stretch goal !
ACHIEVED ! ! The Appendix will have more resources ( books , films , TV shows , videos , etc ) to add even more noir to your Movies .
We did it ! Noir World will contain an Appendix breaking down The Maltese Falcon .
ACHIEVED ! ! When the Noir World Facebook page hits 100 Likes , John will put The Maltese Falcon into the book , breaking down the Movie scene by scene according to the mechanics .
The Third Man gets broken down as another Appendix !
ACHIEVED ! ! @ Noirworldrpg now has 315 followers which means The Third Man gets the same treatment as The Maltese Falcon : scene by scene breakdown , according to the mechanics .
Find out more about Noir World in Actual Plays and Interviews .
The Modifier Podcast
Talking TableTop
One Shot Actual Play Part One Part 2 Part 3
Stop , Hack , and Roll
Misdirected Mark
Follow Noir World on Twitter @ noirworldrpg to stay up-to-date with the Kickstarter .
Follow-on Facebook for the Design Diary .
Check out the Google+ Community for more Noir World stuff .
Want some songs ? Try the Noir World Spotify Playlist .
Americans hate both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . Or so you 've heard . And to some degree it 's true . Tracking polls by SurveyMonkey and other organizations find both presidential candidates to be unusually unpopular .
But it 's wrong to conclude that a majority of Americans dislike both candidates because , simply put , they do n't . The overwhelming majority of voters like one of the two candidates better than the other , and those attitudes are closely consistent with their current vote choice .
Confusing ? Let 's look more closely at the numbers .
Yes , to be sure , negative views of the two candidates vastly exceed positive ones . Just 35 percent of registered voters now rate Trump favorably ( a decline from 41 percent the week of the Republican convention ) , while 64 percent rate them unfavorably . More than half of voters ( 51 percent ) give Trump strongly unfavorable ratings .
Clinton 's ratings are slightly better , with 40 percent now rating them favorably and 59 percent unfavorably . Just under half ( 46 percent ) give them a strongly unfavorable rating . ( Clinton 's “ very favorable rating ” declined slightly in the past week , from 20 to 15 percent , the only sign of an easing of their post convention “ bump. ” ) So it is certainly true that majorities ( plural ) dislike each of the candidates , but it 's a little misleading . Why ? Because those two majorities involve mostly different people , and the overlap between them is modest .
Just over one in four voters ( 26 percent ) actually rate both Clinton and Trump unfavorably . That 's a relatively high proportion , with potential consequences for third-party candidates this year . But most of the rest – the vast majority of voters nationwide – like one candidate and dislike the other . More specifically , they either rate Clinton favorably and Trump unfavorably ( 38 percent of all voters ) or rate Trump favorably and Clinton unfavorably ( 33 percent ) .
Yet even that comparison can overstate the number who truly dislike both equally , because many of those who rate both unfavorably still differentiate the intensity of their dislike , with many who strongly dislike one candidate but only somewhat dislike the other .
Once we take all four categories of our favorable rating into account ( plus the small percentage who are unable to rate either candidate ) , we find a more slender 10 percent of voters who dislike both Clinton and Trump with the exact same level of intensity .
So the overwhelming majority of voters ( 87 percent ) like one candidate better than the other . Not surprisingly , those attitudes strongly correlate with their vote preferences . Just under half ( 46 percent ) are more favorable to Clinton than Trump , and 96 percent of those voters support Clinton on a two-way vote question . Fewer ( 41 percent ) like Trump better than Clinton , and 94 percent support Trump on the vote question .
Yet the 10 percent ( in our survey that 's more than 1,500 respondents ) who really do dislike both Clinton and Trump with equal intensity are important , as they represent a significant chunk of those who are undecided about their vote choice . More specifically :
40 percent are undecided in a two-way race between Trump and Clinton ( although those with a preference currently favor Clinton by 36 to 24 percent )
A large majority of these voters opt for either Gary Johnson ( 41 percent ) or Jill Stein ( 18 percent ) when offered the chance on a four-way choice .
Yet the preferences of these voters are very tenuous . Only 22 percent are absolutely certain about their choice on the four-way ballot , versus 66 percent of those who like Clinton better than Trump and 61 percent of those who like Trump better than Clinton .
Most of these voters ( 66 percent ) initially identify as independent and nearly half ( 45 percent ) lean to neither party .
Only 60 percent are absolutely certain they 'll vote in November , compared to 85 percent among those who like either Clinton or Trump better .
So there is uncertainty on the margins , but again , the vast majority of voters can sort out which of the two major candidates they like better , even if their impressions of both are negative .
These highly consistent attitudes help explain why vote preferences in SurveyMonkey 's Election Tracking have remained mostly stable over the three weeks since the end of the conventions , with Clinton continuing to lead Trump by a wide margin among all voters . Voters may not feel positively about their choices , but for most , the choice has been made .
This SurveyMonkey Election Tracking survey for the week of August 8-14 , 2016 was conducted online among a national sample of 14,993 adults who say they are registered to vote . Respondents for this survey were selected from the nearly three million people who take surveys on the SurveyMonkey platform each day . Data for this week have been weighted for age , race , sex , education , geography , and voter registration status using the Census Bureau and Bureau of Labor Statistics ' Current Population Survey to reflect the demographic composition of the United States . An additional smoothing parameter for ideology based on previous Election Tracking interviews is included . The bootstrap confidence interval for this survey is plus or minus 1.5 percentage point for registered voters .
FRESNO , Calif. -- A man wanted in the slaying of a security guard set out to kill as many white people as they could on Tuesday , gunning down three men on the streets of downtown Fresno before they were captured and admitted to the shootings , authorities said .
Kori Ali Muhammad , 39 , shouted “ Allahu Akbar ” -- meaning “ God is great ” in Arabic -- as police tackled the suspect to the ground after the shootings , Fresno Police Chief Jerry Dyer said .
Kori Ali Muhammad , 39 , is caught by Fresno police after he 's suspected of killing at least three people on Tue. , April 18 , 2017 . KGPE-TV
Authorities said earlier they were told the suspect disliked white people when in fact they posted those sentiments on social media instead .
It does n't appear the shooting is connected to terrorism and Dyer said “ this is solely based on race . ”
“ These individuals who were chosen today did not do anything to deserve what they got , ” Dyer said . “ These were unprovoked attacks by an individual that was intent on carrying out homicides today . They did that . ”
Also on social media the suspect posted racially charged videos and phrases .
On what appeared to be Muhammad 's Facebook page , they repeatedly posted “ # LetBlackPeopleGo ” and encouraged “ black warriors ” to “ mount up . ”
Kori Ali Muhammad 's Facebook page .
A posting on Monday said , “ My kill rate increases tremendously on the other side. ” They also posted about “ white devils ” and on several occasions , posted status updates that included the phrase “ Allahu Akbar . ”
They linked almost daily to YouTube videos and an iTunes album titled “ True Story Kori. ” They appear on the cover of the album .
All three victims were white men , police said , and the victims appeared to be random , according to Dyer . Muhammad is black . Victims were between the ages of 34 and 58 .
Dyer said Muhammad has a criminal history and has been arrested on weapons , drugs and false imprisonment charges and making terrorist threats . They had been associated with gangs but was not a validated member .
The scene of one of the deadly shootings by suspect Kori Ali Muhammad who was arrested shortly after on Tue. , April 18 , 2017 . CBS Evening News
A resident said a 37-year-old victim was lying on the sidewalk leading to their front door and had appeared to be carrying groceries .
Stephen Hughes , 66 , said they and their wife rushed home Tuesday after receiving a frantic call from a neighbor . They saw a body draped in a blanket .
Hughes said he 's lived for 40 years in the home , which is in a neighborhood lined with tall , mature trees .
The blanket was later removed and replaced by black screens , from which a pair of feet in black shoes and white socks could be seen . Nearby was a bag of groceries , partly spilled .
They first thought the shooting was gang-related , but then they noticed the bag of groceries near the body .
“ This guy does n't look like a drug guy . It looks like a guy carrying their groceries home from the store , ” Hughes said .
Sites of four fatal shootings by suspect Kori Ali Muhammad . CBS Evening News
The suspect had been wanted in connection to a killing last week , CBS affiliate KGPE-TV reported , in which a 25-year-old Motel 6 security guard was gunned down , the Fresno Police Department said .
Dyer also said the suspect wanted to kill as many white people as possible after seeing they were wanted in the death of that security guard .
Authorities said the suspect fired 16 rounds in one minute and was armed with a revolver and reloaded at one point . They opened fire at four locations within a block and was arrested shortly after the shooting .
Dyer said Muhammad had been living on the streets and most people had “ disassociated ” themselves from him .
A former classmate of Muhammad said that when they met they were outgoing , down to earth , peaceful and into health and nutrition .
Desiree Martinez says they met them three years ago when both were in a media training program at Community Media Access Collaborative in Fresno .
Martinez says everybody loved them and that whenever they saw someone eating junk food , they would talk to them about making healthier food choices .
They say they were shocked to hear that they were connected to Tuesday 's shootings .
The scene of a deadly shooting in Fresno , Calif. , on Tue. , April 18 , 2017 . KGPE-TV
Shot Spotter detected the first gunshots around 10:45 a.m. , according to KGPE . The suspect shot into a Pacific Gas & Energy vehicle , killing the 34-year-old passenger , the station reported , and Muhammad continued walking and opened fire at a local resident but missed .
The driver of the truck , who is Latino , sped off to the police department for help , but the worker , a white man , died .
Police at the scene of one of the shootings where suspect Kori Ali Muhammad , 39 , killed the passenger inside a Pacific Gas & Energy truck on Tue. , April 18 , 2017 . KGPE-TV
The utility company said in a statement that it 's cooperating with law enforcement :
Our hearts are very heavy today , as we have lost a member of our PG & E family . Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of our employee , and all those impacted by this tragic event . Public and employee safety is always our top priority . While we focus on safety every day , no training or protective equipment can prepare one for events outside of one 's control . We are cooperating with law enforcement authorities as they investigate the incident . This loss is particularly difficult for our employees who live and work in the Fresno area . We are sending additional resources to support our employees in the Central Valley .
This undated photo provided by the Fresno Police Department shows Kori Ali Muhammad , 39 , who was arrested shortly after a shooting rampage outside a Catholic Charities building , in Fresno , Calif. , on Tue. , April 18 , 2017 .
KGPE reported the suspect approached a 58-year-old resident and shot and killed that person .
Ashlee Wolf of Catholic Charities told the Fresno Bee newspaper that the final shooting took place at a bus stop near the charity .
Wolf said the charity does n't believe the shooter was tied to Catholic Charities . They say the charity is working with police to provide information .
Police say two of the victims may have been clients of Catholic Charities , which provides a variety of services for refugees , the homeless and those for disabilities .
Sayed Ali Ghazvini , imam of the Islamic Cultural Center of Fresno , said Muhammad was not a member of their congregation and they did not recognize him . The imam said they are consulting with other faith leaders .
“ We 're kind of shocked and surprised for what happened , ” Ghazvini said . “ We are very sorry for this to happen . We offer condolences for the victims , we pray for the victims and their families . ”
Public records list Muhammad as Cory Taylor and other aliases with addresses in Fresno and Sacramento . A woman who identified themselves as Taylor 's grandmother said Tuesday that the family last saw them on Easter Sunday . They hung up the phone before giving them name .
Authorities spotted Muhammad running and took them into custody . Police are looking for the revolver but believe someone may have picked it up .
Muhammad told officers at their arrest that they were the guy they were looking for , Dyer said .
“ I did it . I shot them , ” Dyer said Muhammad told officers .
Following the shooting , Fresno city spokesperson Mark Standriff said county offices were placed on lockdown and people were urged to shelter in place .
Police have called the FBI to assist in the investigation .
Fresno shooter shouted `` Allahu Akbar , '' police say
Muhammad was charged in 2005 with possessing cocaine with intent to distribute , court records show . Federal prosecutors said at the time that they were also in possession of a 9mm semi-automatic handgun and two rifles after being convicted of a felony .
They claimed insanity , and their attorney requested a psychiatric examination for their client , saying Muhammad “ appeared eccentric with some bizarre beliefs. ” A psychiatrist who examined Muhammad believed they had psychosis , Muhammad 's attorney said in the court filing .
They also “ suffered auditory hallucinations and had at least two prior mental health hospitalizations , ” according to court documents . Their attorney said that Muhammad had “ paranoia ” and thought the justice system and their defense attorney were conspiring against him , court papers said .
The attorney who represented Muhammad in that case did not return a call for comment Tuesday .
Fresno Mayor Lee Brand issued a statement Tuesday evening :
This is a sad day for us all . My thoughts and prayers are with the families of the victims . None of us can imagine what they must be going through . I am grateful for the quick and decisive response of our Police Department in preventing further senseless violence .
Jeff Potts , who sits on Solihull Borough Council in the West Midlands , re-tweeted a series of inflammatory comments
A Tory councillor who sits on a religious education committee has been suspended after retweeting a slew of offensive and inflammatory anti-Muslim rants .
Jeff Potts , who sits on Solihull Borough Council in the West Midlands , re-tweeted comments including : 'Deport and repatriate all Muslims from the UK or watch terrorists kill innocent people for generations to come . '
They also retweeted : 'You 've clearly not experienced the Pakistani hospitality , having a daughter raped by men who think she 's 'white trash ' .
There have been calls for the long-standing councillor , who sits as the council 's representative on the standing advisory committee on religious education , to resign .
Their suspension from the local Conservative group means they can still attend meetings - but only as an independent .
Cllr Potts stressed they did not share or support the comments , adding that they were a 'freedom of speech issue ' .
That explanation has failed to satisfy the council 's Green Party opposition leader , James Burn , who has demanded the Conservative 's resignation .
Cllr Burn said : 'His position is untenable .
'When you start retweeting things about deporting all Muslims you are publicising views that are very close to crossing a legal line and encouraging hatred .
Their suspension from the local Conservative group means they can still attend meetings - but only as an independent . Pictured : One of the inflammatory tweets posted by the councillor
' I 'm afraid to say I do n't think they have any other choice but to resign . By retweeting , you are spreading that view and information .
' I 'm concerned about the tweets . I 'm concerned this is a councillor on a committee advising on religious education , I 'm concerned this is the same Conservative group who have only just been in trouble for a similar incident and did not act swiftly following a complaint about it .
' A resident brought this matter to my attention as they were very upset and told me he 'd contacted Solihull Conservatives on their group email . '
Above an August 31 tweet stating , 'we wish all Muslims a blessed Eid ul-Adha ' , Cllr Potts posted : 'Why ? '
There have been calls for the long-standing councillor , who sits as the council 's representative on the standing advisory committee on religious education , to resign . Pictured : One of the inflammatory tweets
Another incendiary comment 'UK police covered-up THOUSANDS of girls raped/sold by the religion of peace ' drew the response : 'Is anybody surprised ? '
All the controversial comments have now been deleted .
Formerly a member of the Labour Party , Cllr Potts , who represents the well-heeled , leafy ward of Knowle , has been on the Solihull authority since May , 2012 .
They are vice chairperson of the council planning committee and also sits on the licensing committee , airport working party and safer Solihull board .
Keen to brush off the controversy , Cllr Potts said : ' I have no comment on that at all . My public page states I do n't endorse retweets . '
Cllr Potts did , however , explain that the tweets were briefly displayed as a matter of freedom speech . They 'certainly did not ' agree with those views .
Sabir Hussain , trustee of the Solihull Muslim Community Association , voiced their 'sadness ' over the remarks that appeared on Coun Potts ' Twitter account .
Mr Hussain said : ' I feel sorry for them because they are misguided and has shown narrow vision .
Bob Sleigh , leader of Solihull Council , said they were initially unaware of the controversy , but , within hours , they and colleagues on the Conservative Group had made the decision to suspend Cllr Potts
'There is , in any community , religion or sect , bad apples . The Muslim faith is not exempt from that . To retweet something that suggests all are like that is unfair .
'Retweeting something like that only inflames community relations that we have worked very hard to fuse together .
'Solihull is a very nice place to live . I have lived there for 35 years and have very good friends among various religions .
'We find it very comforting to relate to each other 's religions . We are all one together , regardless of colour and shape , and we are one very cohesive society . '
Bob Sleigh , leader of Solihull Council , said they were initially unaware of the controversy , but , within hours , they and colleagues on the Conservative Group had made the decision to suspend Cllr Potts .
Cllr Sleigh said : ' I rang Coun Potts for clarification and then told them they were suspended from the Conservative Group . I took the action because I believed it was the right action to take . '
A full investigation will now follow .
Takeaway : If you want to become less productive , make sure not to cultivate your energy levels by taking breaks , eating well , and getting enough physical activity , sleep , and social interaction . Make sure you spend more time planning than doing ; multitask as much as possible ; work faster and on autopilot ; and pack your schedule to the gills ! Estimated Reading Time : 3 minutes , 51s .
Let 's face it : while there is an abundance of articles on how to become more productive , there are n't a lot on becoming less productive .
With that in mind , I decided to put this article together . While it 's helpful to focus on how to get more done every day , it can also be helpful to consider what may be holding you back .
Here are 10 surefire ways to become less productive every day .
1 . Spend more time planning than doing . Some planning is essential . It 's pretty difficult to become more productive when you do n't step back to consider what you need to become more productive at doing . But past a certain point , the return on planning what you 're going to do with your time diminishes , and your productivity begins to suffer . Every minute you spend planning what to work on is one minute you do n't actually do work .
2 . Multitask . It 's difficult to overstate this point : Multitasking is one of the absolute worst things you can do for your productivity . The fewer things you give your attention to in the moment , the more productive you become . If you want to become less productive , multitasking is a no-brainer .
3 . Work on autopilot . When you try to do too much at once , or you do n't plan your time well , you work on autopilot . This prevents you from working intentionally on what 's important . If you want to become less productive , do n't do any planning when you notice that you 're working on autopilot . Instead…
4 . Work faster . Working slower is for suckers . It gives you more space to think about your work , and to work smarter . If you want to become less productive , work as fast as possible—while multitasking , if you have the flexibility !
5 . Take fewer breaks . Breaks—whether throughout the day , or a longer vacation—let you recharge . They allow your mind to wander so you can come up with better ideas and approach your work with more creativity . When you do n't step back from your work , your mind will take breaks for you . Needless to say , if you want to accomplish less each day , take as few of them as possible .
6 . Pack your schedule . To the gills , if you can . If you want to become less productive , it 's crucial that you leave as little breathing room as possible for emergencies that may come up throughout the day . You do n't want any time to dive into the bigger projects you 're working on either . Make sure you agree to as many meetings as possible , and start a few of your own to “ touch base ” on all of the projects you 're working on !
7 . Forget working out . Physical activity helps us destress , which is especially important today , when we face more stressors in our daily lives than ever before . When we do n't get enough physical activity , we are more likely to feel fatigued and burnt out . To become less productive , get as little physical activity as possible . And the instant you feel fatigued , do n't forget to load up on caffeine !
8 . Get fewer than 8 hours of sleep . Sleep affects our mental performance in pretty much every measurable way . When we get less than 7.5 hours of it , our energy , focus , and productivity suffer . Sleep is one of the best ways to exchange your time for energy , which is precisely why you should get less than 8 hours of it if you want to become less productive .
9 . Forget about nutrition . Energy is the fuel that we burn over the course of the day to get stuff done . Not putting proper fuel into our body can shatter our energy and productivity . Processed foods that are ultra-high in sugar , salt , and fat can cause our energy and productivity to rollercoaster over the course of the day . But they 're also delicious , so do n't be afraid to crush a big bag of syrup-smothered waffles before work in the morning .
10 . Cut yourself off from as many people as possible . Social interaction is also for suckers . Sure , it has been shown to make you happier , and more motivated and engaged than pretty much anything else . But you feel less productive while you 're doing it !
If you want to become less productive every day , make sure you give these things a try .
A Swedish municipality has set forth a historic proposal called `` integration duty , '' under which immigrants must meet certain obligations - or risk forfeiting some of the privileges and benefits they currently enjoy .
Under the `` integration duty '' proposal railroaded by the Conservatives in the Vellinge municipal council in Skåne County , the new arrivals must make progress in basic Swedish designed for immigrants and complete a course in society orientation . Those failing to comply or show involvement may risk having their benefits canceled .
`` We make it a requirement that all adults , including parents and retirees , participate in this scheme . If you do n't , the benefits may be deducted , '' Carina Wutzler of the Vellinge municipal council told the Swedish national broadcaster SVT . `` It is about linking rights with obligations . One shall follow all the existing plans and regulations and learn the Swedish language . There ought to be clear demands for everyone , '' Wutzler explained .
© AFP 2018 / JONATHAN NACKSTRAND More Seek Care for HIV 'Imported ' to Sweden Amid Growing Immigration
In conclusion , courses in social orientation will be made mandatory for the new arrivals to complete . All students will be examined upon completion of the course to verify their knowledge . Those failing to pass the test , may repeat the course .
The decision , the first one of its kind in Sweden , will come into force in January 2018 .
In Sweden , Vellinge rose to nationwide prominence earlier this year for its plans to become the first municipality to introduce a comprehensive ban on begging . The decision to ban begging was approved by the municipality , yet reversed by the county administrative board in Skåne .
​Anders Sannerstedt , an associate professor of political science at Lund University , has called the initiative deeply controversial . Sannerstedt stressed that the municipality of Vellingehas long resisted taking in any refugees at all . According to him , the initiative to incentivize the newcomers is a step in the same direction as the unsuccessful begging ban .
`` All issues relating to integration and refugees are controversial , because so very many different opinions abound . Sweden is deeply polarized and cloven in these questions , '' Sannerstedt told SVT , venturing it would nevertheless receive a warm reception by the voters in Vellinge .
However , the Conservatives ' `` integration duty '' proposal was blasted by the Vellinge Liberals , who called it a PR stunt intended to gain maximum attention . In an opinion piece published in the Expressen tabloid daily , Vellinge Liberals Henrik Thorsell and Anders Cnattingius also questioned the notion that a 60-hour course in community orientation would make a real difference in terms of integration and accused the Conservatives suggesting the new arrivals were n't already doing their utmost to integrate .
In late November , lecturer Tünde Puskás at Linköping University proposed a basic course in the Swedish language for all students following a study by the Lund University highlighting the prevalence of students with serious shortcomings in reading and writing skills . In an opinion piece published by the Dagens Nyheter daily , Puskás argued that about 20 percent of the future teachers experience difficulty in basic reading and writing skills , a perspective they called `` worrying . ''
At this point , Halo 3 : Anniversary ( H3A ) has either been long in the planning by Microsoft for release in September 2017 , or has already been decided against after a no doubt lengthy discussion . Those seem the only two options for a game we 've been asking about since the release of Halo 2 : Anniversary as part of the MCC . For some , H3A is the only way back to the “ golden days ” of Halo ; those of six-figure populations , the largest and ( more importantly ) most frequent LAN tournaments and a multiplayer suite many see as the best Halo 's ever had . For others , H3A would be a distraction from a new era of Halo ; one that has its own identity , with both successes and mistakes entirely its own . Microsoft and 343 Industries have repeatedly downplayed the possibility of H3A releasing this year , opting instead to place more focus on growing their own version of Halo . However it does seem strange investing time and resources into remastering H : CE and H2 but neglecting to remaster their sequel .
If H3A followed the now established formula , we could see Halo 3 's campaign get a full remaster , improving textures , lighting , character models , sound effects , skyboxes ; all brought up to date using today 's technology 10 years on . Arguably Halo 3 still holds up to today 's standards , especially when played at 1080p / 60 fps on the MCC ( alongside other welcome technical improvements ) . Many forum posts read something along the lines of “ Halo 3 does n't need remastering ” , which in this new age of constant remasters and ports seems like a sensible argument . But if H3A released at the right time—perhaps as a launch title for Project Scorpio—and at the right price , would the Halo community really maintain that position and ignore it completely ? H3A for Project Scorpio , if put into the right developer 's hands , could be its biggest weapon and the first real killer app Microsoft has had this generation . An announcement at E3 followed by an immediate open beta ( think : those now classic “ and it 's available right now ” announcements we 've seen dozens of times ) could prove to the community that any problems from the MCC wo n't be repeated , and that H3A could be the metaphorical second coming of the franchise . Saber and Certain Affinity ( developers of both Combat Evolved and Halo 2 Anniversary ) could already be working on H3A in isolation from 343 Industries , similar to Raven 's remaster of Modern Warfare last year . The MCC was a fantastic idea on paper—and still has its place among the Xbox One 's lineup—but a more simplified package , perhaps of H3A and a winter 2017/2018 beta for Halo 6 , could be an incredibly lucrative option for Microsoft at this point . Quite a large footnote to the benefits of H3A is the possibility of completely remade cutscenes by Blur Studio — who , in my personal opinion , have been one of the biggest catches for the Halo franchise . Their art direction , technical prowess and vision have produced some of the best individual pieces of Halo content to date , and would no doubt hit another home run given the opportunity .
In trying to write a balanced essay , I 'm intentionally leaving out as much of my personal opinions on Halo 's gameplay as possible , though I will note I 'm largely neutral on various topics such as sprint . I 've played every Halo multiplayer since the beginning and enjoyed every one for different reasons , so you can rest assured I hold no bias in either direction . A balanced essay also means that after discussing the numerous pros of releasing H3A , it 's only fair that potential cons are also aired . Those who disagree with H3A getting a release seem to base their arguments mostly on a lack of need for another Halo remaster , as well as not wanting to return to more classic gameplay . It 's true that throwing back to H3A could distract from Halo 5 and ( probably ) Halo 6 's “ progressiveness ” , and would confuse matters when it comes to which model would host our growing competitive scene . Current pro players may or may not be thrown if Halo 's gameplay suddenly reverts to 2007 , and opinions on Spartan Abilities seems to differ from player to player anyway so the decision does n't seem to be a clear-cut one . If we assume the competitive scene follows Call of Duty 's current model ( competitions are played on Infinite Warfare with Modern Warfare Remastered available on the side ) , players would face a decision over which title to devote more time to .
A co-existence of H3A and Halo 6 could extend beyond a 2017 release of H3A / Halo 6 Beta and become the model for Halo moving forward : fans could choose between classic Halo gameplay and Halo 6 's almost certainly Spartan Ability-fuelled direction at any time , with both titles supported long term as genuine alternatives to one another . While I do n't usually entertain the politics of “ veteran ” Halo fans versus “ new ” Halo fans ( which are n't even accurate descriptions of the different sections of our community anyway ) , there 's little doubt that former Halo fans and players would at least contemplate coming back to the franchise . We 've all seen those forum posts too , no matter our opinions on them . A combination of classic gameplay and fond memories of LAN parties and tournaments might go some way to restore parts of the community that 've been noticeably dormant for several years — understandably so after a significant and relatively sudden change in gameplay .
There is a third option , however , and it 's something which I have n't seen too much discussion about . When H3A is mentioned in the community , it 's usually talked about in a binary “ will they ? / wo n't they ? ” setting . If Microsoft has indeed already decided against releasing H3A , 343 Industries could release a large , Halo 3-themed content expansion for Halo 5 . This direction may explain the current radio silence on Halo 5 's future ( besides 2017 's Pro League seasons ) , and would certainly breathe new life into the game . Carefully selected Halo 3 maps might be tuned for Halo 5 's speed , movement and weapon balance , and be placed in as part of a Halo 3 anniversary/celebration update . Assuming we do n't see a full H3A release in 2017 , Halo 5 would have to last from Fall 2017 to Fall 2018 ; therefore without a significant content update the competitive community would be forced to play the same seven maps in current HCS rotation for another whole year . ( Note : I do n't currently play BTB or Warzone too much so I wo n't comment on their respective map selections — perhaps others could weigh in on this . ) Halo 3 has a wealth of revered and respected maps for all game modes and is a hugely valuable resource to draw on for future expansions .
This is n't a new idea though ; Halo Reach received a Combat Evolved-themed expansion with remastered maps , throwback weapon balance and its own playlist . While I 'm not suggesting a $ 60 expansion and another separate playlist would be in Halo 5 's best interests ( Reach 's Anniversary playlist did n't last long for those reasons ) ; I 'm sure an inexpensive expansion which integrates a handful of new maps into existing Halo 5 playlists ( both ranked and social ) would be a widely welcomed move by 343i and a viable alternative to a more traditional remaster .
I 've written this more to put on paper what I hope is a fair and balanced assessment of 343i 's possible next moves , and I sincerely hope everyone who 's made it this far has found it an interesting read at the very least .
Kids are impressionable and inquisitive – which almost spelled disaster for The Adventures of Superman star George Reeves . The actor , who was best known for playing the iconic superhero , used to recount a tale about how they were extra cautious about meeting children at public events because they were incapable of separating the actor from their super-powered character . In at least one instance , this appears to have led to some very real danger . While attending an event , Reeves was approached by a young boy who pulled a pistol on them – not to rob him , but to test the theory that Superman was really invulnerable to bullets . Reeves demonstrated some true heroism ( and quick thinking ) while staring down the barrel of a Luger pistol by telling the boy that the bullets would ...
Read More
SURPRISE , Ariz. — In the last three seasons , 21-year-old Jorge Alfaro has improved at throwing out runners , at calling games , at blocking pitches in the dirt . The question is whether they can stop the Rangers ' revolving door .
“ It 's a fact we have n't truly developed a starting catcher in years , ” Rangers general manager Jon Daniels said .
Revolving door ?
Bengie Molina was the catcher for the 2010 World Series . A year later against St. Louis , it was Mike Napoli , who could have kept the job had their health permitted , but they moved to first base ( then to Boston ) .
The Rangers ' one-game playoff appearance in 2012 had Geovany Soto behind the plate . A year later , A.J . Pierzynski rented the job . The intention in 2014 was for J.P. Arencibia to take a big share of the catching duties .
This year it 's Robinson Chirinos , who got the job through attrition last season and performed better than expected . But the club has waited a long time for one of its own to develop and grab the most important everyday position on the diamond .
By this time next spring , we should be entering the Jorge Alfaro era . And maybe it will actually have some staying power , in part , because of the power they have displayed since being signed as a 16-year-old out of Colombia in 2010 .
MLB.com ranks Alfaro as the No . 2 catching prospect in baseball . They have developed rapidly as a hitter , delivering 17 home runs and 87 RBIs at the Class A and AA levels last season .
The Rangers will have Alfaro open the season at Frisco , where they spent the final month last summer , but it 's not because they were disappointed in their .313 average in spring training ( 5-for-16 , one double , one triple ) or their work behind the plate .
“ He has shown the ability to hit to right field , hit for power ; they came off the bench the other day and battled a ball up the middle , ” Rangers manager Jeff Banister said . “ He came in with an evaluation that they needed to improve on receiving skills and blocking the plate , but they fit in real well in this environment .
“ I think they missed one ball between their legs . They have a skill set that as they progress through the minor league system , they can become a nice big league player . ”
It would be ridiculous to compare any catching prospect to Ivan Rodriguez , who earned 10 straight Gold Glove awards here from 1992 through 2001 . Alfaro did say they have spoken with Pudge , now an ambassador/instructor for the club , several times about the position .
“ We talked a lot about catching when they were here a week ago , ” Alfaro said . “ And Chirinos helps me a lot , too . I feel I 've improved my focus , improved defensively as I learned the position the last couple of years . ”
The one thing Alfaro does have is armed strength . They threw out 28 percent of the runners trying to steal at Myrtle Beach and Frisco last season — not quite Pudge-like , but they ranked high up on the minor league charts .
It 's natural that third baseman Joey Gallo gets most of the attention among the team 's prospects . Their immense size and back-to-back 40-home run seasons will do that . But Alfaro could have as much or more impact at the major league level .
“ Everyone talks about Gallo , ” Daniels said , “ but I thought Alfaro had a tremendous camp from where they were a year ago . He 's always been a gifted offensive player . Where he 's come receiving , handling the staff and blocking the plate shows a huge difference . ”
In Alfaro 's last spring appearance with the big league club , they caught veteran Yovani Gallardo for the first time anywhere all spring .
“ He talks to you , they want to get to know you ; he 's a quick learner , ” Gallardo said . “ I liked what I saw . ”
The Rangers like the idea of getting away from their annual game of “ Who 's Our Catcher ? ” They think Colombia 's Jorge Alfaro can lead the way .
Welcome TrekToday readers ! Want to learn more about our Star Trek Play-By-Email Role Playing Game ? Check out our Prospective Members tour !
As the more hawk-eyed of our members may have noticed , we announced a while back that the publicity team had managed to secure an email interview with none other than Star Trek relaunch novelist , David Mack ! It is with great pleasure that we are able to present Mr. Mack 's answers to the questions posed to them by the Starbase 118 Community , and we hope that their insights into writing for the Star Trek universe ( and indeed writing in general ) will inspire you in your future SIMming ! Without further ado , I present : An Interview with David Mack !
Tallis : As a writer for the Star Trek relaunch novels , you write as a member of a team that collaboratively advances the plot for the characters of each branch of the series . How do you meld different people 's visions of the Trek universe , and how can you get the best out of group writing ?
David Mack : First of all , I should point out that there is a difference between being an author in a shared universe and “ group writing . ”
When I write a novel or a piece of short fiction for Star Trek , I am the sole author of that particular work . Although I submit my story—first in outline form and later as a completed manuscript—to my editor and the licensor ( the Star Trek office at CBS Television Consumer Products & Licensing ) for notes and approvals , I am the sole author of the works I produce . Other authors do n't plot or draft any of the content in any of my works .
That said , there is a high degree of cooperation and coordination between the several authors working on the official Star Trek books . In some cases , the editor serves as the arbiter , referee , and guru with regard to continuity between the books and the canon material and between the books themselves . In other cases , those of us working on books that are part of a shared continuity will contact one another directly and offer notes , feedback on outlines or manuscripts , and other input as requested .
Part of what I love about the Star Trek universe is that , because it has been around for such a long time , and has been so deeply explored and developed , it can encompass a great range of storytelling styles , themes , and content . It has room for wacky , outrageous stories and also introspective character studies ; it can present a complex tale of exploration and worldbuilding , or a fast-paced action-adventure ; it feels as well-suited to small , slice-of-life short stories as it does to sprawling galactic epics .
Consequently , the many authors who work on the official Star Trek books tend to focus on keeping the details and characters consistent from one story to the next , but we do n't feel a need to change our individual writing styles . As long as the facts and personalities remain consistent , we are each able to bring our own unique approach to storytelling to our respective works .
As for how we do that—a few years ago most of us relied on editorial feedback and the Star Trek Encyclopedia . These days , e-mails and websites such as Memory Alpha and Memory Beta have proved to be the greatest resources at our disposal .
Tallis : How do you go about writing for characters belonging to a species that has had little development in Star Trek canon , for example the Breen ?
David Mack : The first thing to remember is that the books and other licensed materials need to be based upon the canon material—the episodes and movies . For that reason , we generally are not allowed to contradict anything from canon , even when the information within canon contradicts itself .
In the case of the Breen , whose biology and culture I explored in my novel Zero Sum Game , the episodes had a lot of different information about the Breen , and previous licensed works , such as role-playing game supplements , had other “ official ” information that was later contradicted by the shows . Unfortunately , I did not have the luxury of picking and choosing which interpretation was correct—I do n't have that kind of pull within the franchise .
Then I hit upon an interesting idea : what if every canon detail we 've ever been given about the Breen is 100-percent true and correct ? What explanation would be able to reconcile all those different premises from the episodes ? The answer I came up with was that “ Breen ” is not a species but a social construct , a mask for an entire culture that lives in a state of forced anonymity and equality . My inspiration for that concept was fifty percent George Orwell 's dystopian novel 1984 , and fifty percent Kurt Vonnegut 's satirical dystopian short story “ Harrison Bergeron . ”
When it came time to write scenes from the points of view of Breen characters , I imagined what life would look like to people living in such a structured , state-directed society under constant surveillance . I also tried to take into account the variations in perception based on their true , hidden species . Did it affect their perception , senses , predispositions , or preferences ?
One curious detail about both the Breen characters whose points of view are depicted in the book is that both are entirely sympathetic characters , even though one of them serves as the hero 's chief enemy . It was also a deliberate choice I made to have the Starfleet main characters act in ways that were most definitely not heroic , as the book was about questioning the moral rationales for war , covert military actions , and state-sanctioned murder .
The ensuing debates between fans about the book , as one might imagine , have been quite lively .
Tallis : What do you consider is the best approach for creating a new species as an antagonist to the Federation without falling into the trap of stereotyping ?
David Mack : The answer is the same whether the new species is being created as an enemy , a friend , or even just a backdrop . It must make sense within its environment and within the story . One common mistake is to make every member of the new species identical in opinion , politics , and objectives . How could a species thrive or even function if every one of its members is a mustache-twirling villain ? Not everyone is going to agree on everything within a family , so why would an entire alien species have only one outlook on a complex situation or crisis ?
Another important thing to keep in mind is that even a seemingly weak species should have some means of survival , or else it would likely have gone extinct a long time ago . By the same logic , even the strongest species should have some kind of flaw or limitation . Nothing gets more boring than godlike aliens who are utterly untouchable and infallible .
For instance , in my Star Trek Destiny trilogy , the race known as the Caeliar seem at first to be demigodlike to the Starfleet characters who meet them . The Caeliar have transitioned from an organic species to one that exists in synthetic bodies composed of supertech particles known as catoms , which replaced their original bodies and brains one atom at a time—taking them from mortal forms to immortal ones with no interruption of consciousness . Now they can turn to vapor and float away , shapeshift , and transmit their consciousness . They never sleep or eat . They can levitate . They have access to amazing technology and nearly limitless energy .
But they are also a stagnant culture . They no longer innovate or create . They are isolationist and too stubborn or fearful to embrace the kind of societal change that might save them . They 're also pacifists who will sacrifice millions of members of their own dwindling population to save a handful of humans from a cataclysm . But they also can rationalize kidnapping and imprisonment without due process in the name of protecting their privacy . Their most serious flaws are overconfidence , naïveté , and a tendency to be slow to react to crises .
Even within this strange species , though , there are iconoclasts . There is Sedín , who is more ruthless than their fellows ; Lerxst , who is ashamed of the hypocrisies of their people ; and Inyx , a scientist who revels in making contact with outsiders and experiencing new ideas .
All of this came about because I asked myself such questions as :
How did this species get to be what it is now ? What do they value ? What do they fear ? What do they hate ? How far will they go to preserve themselves ? What does it take to make their society function ? Where are they vulnerable ?
Tallis : What do you feel are the most important characteristics that should be present in a recurring villain ?
David Mack : Complexity and adaptability . A recurring villain ca n't be a person with a single goal or two-dimensional motivation .
First and foremost , such a character should never think of themselves or themselves as a villain . No one ever thinks of oneself as a bad guy ; we are all the heroes of our own stories , and some of us are the villains in others ' tales .
Second , the character should have many wants or needs , and even some of those should be mutually exclusive , to add conflict to the villain 's own motives . In other words , there should be times when the villain must choose between achieving Goal A or Goal B , but have no way of accomplishing both , and this should be a fact that the heroes can utilize .
Probably the greatest , most complex , most fully realized recurring villain in all of Star Trek ‘ s long history is Gul Dukat from Star Trek : Deep Space Nine . They began as a smirking fiend , a Cardassian thug who resented the Bajorans for forcing their people to abandon the occupation of Bajor .
At first , their goal seemed to be to bring back the Cardassian occupation to Bajor and reclaim Deep Space 9 ( aka Terok Nor ) for himself . But as time went on , they made gains or suffered setbacks in their status within the Cardassian military and government . They developed a disturbing ( and very unrequited ) attraction to Kira Nerys ( and it was later revealed he 'd had sex with their mother , who had been forced to work as a “ comfort woman ” during the occupation , which only made their obsession with Nerys all the more grotesque ) .
Then , abruptly , their life was turned upside down when their half-Bajoran daughter Tora Ziyal was found alive . They lost their post in the government , got demoted to a low-level ship command , was thrown out of their home by their wife , and found themselves cut off from their family and friends . But they willingly suffered these punishments for the sake of their daughter , and for a while they seemed as if they might be a redeemable character . Then they teemed up with the Dominion to get back their power , and they were instrumental in escalating the Dominion 's war against the Federation and its allies .
During this time , their daughter was murdered , and Dukat went completely off the deep end . They sank into madness , let themselves be possessed by a Pah-wraith , murdered Jadzia Dax , and finally tried to unleash an apocalypse against Bajor .
Every time you thought you knew what you were dealing with when facing Dukat , they changed the rules . This is how to write a recurring villain : make them complex , and keep the good guys guessing what the villain wants this time .
Tallis : What would you say is the best piece of advice you could give to aspiring writers ?
David Mack : Marry someone rich . Failing that , get a degree or certification in some non-writing profession that pays well and has health insurance . Try to find a job that 's very difficult to outsource . Plumber , electrician , carpenter , auto mechanic , refrigeration specialist , lawyer , doctor , that sort of thing .
I 'm not kidding .
Here 's the hard , cold truth : 99.9 percent of everyone who dreams of becoming a professional writer will not make it . Of those who do , 99.9 percent will never earn the kind of money that someone like Stephen King or J.K. Rowling or Stephanie Meyer makes . Most of us who work as writers struggle to stay ahead of our bills and live one serious illness or accident away from bankruptcy . A writer is never allowed to miss their or their deadline without penalty , but most publishers will take their own sweet time paying when they owe you money .
This is a brutal business , and it 's not for the starry-eyed dreamers .
If I still have n't talked you out of it , try to remember these few bits of advice :
Do n't talk about writing — go write .
Write some more . Keep writing until you finish what you start .
Get feedback from someone other than your family , S.O. , or close friends .
Revise your work . Submit it for publication to magazines , publishers , etc .
Submit each piece of work to only one place at a time ; do n't send one story to three places at once .
Have only one piece on submission at any place at any time ; do n't swamp one place with three stories .
Collect rejection slips and use them to wallpaper your bathroom .
Send rejected works to new places ( one at a time ! ) until someone buys them .
Keep writing new things and sending them out , too .
Keep doing this until something sells . Then do it again .
Meanwhile , do n't quit your day job .
Ignore all this advice , go write a bestseller , and prove me wrong .
Finally , remember this : no two writers are likely to tell the same story about how they broke into the business . No two writers ever got their agents the same way . What worked for one person might not work for others . All you can do is write the best words you can and pursue your own path to publication .
And , if you 're one of the lucky ones , in about 20-odd years you , too , will become an “ overnight success . ”
Good luck !
A huge thankyou to David Mack for taking time out of their busy schedule to answer our interview questions ! Thankyou also to the members of the SB118 community who put forward questions , including Lt. Tanjar-Ongra , CPO Radi Rais and Lt . ( j.g . ) Teagan , as well as the publicity team for voting for the final shortlist of five questions !
This talk by Dan Geer explains the NSA mindset of `` collect everything '' :
I previously worked for a data protection company . Our product was , and I believe still is , the most thorough on the market . By `` thorough '' I mean the dictionary definition , `` careful about doing something in an accurate and exact way . '' To this end , installing our product instrumented every system call on the target machine . Data did not and could not move in any sense of the word `` move '' without detection . Every data operation was caught and monitored . It was total surveillance data protection . Its customers were companies that do n't accept half-measures . What made this product stick out was that very thoroughness , but here is the point : Unless you fully instrument your data handling , it is not possible for you to say what did not happen . With total surveillance , and total surveillance alone , it is possible to treat the absence of evidence as the evidence of absence . Only when you know everything that * did * happen with your data can you say what did * not * happen with your data .
The alternative to total surveillance of data handling is to answer more narrow questions , questions like `` Can the user steal data with a USB stick ? '' or `` Does this outbound e-mail have a Social Security Number in it ? '' Answering direct questions is exactly what a defensive mindset says you must do , and that is `` never make the same mistake twice . '' In other words , if someone has lost data because of misuse of some facility on the computer , then you either disable that facility or you wrap it in some kind of perimeter . Lather , rinse , and repeat . This extends all the way to such trivial matters as timer-based screen locking .
The difficulty with the defensive mindset is that it leaves in place the fundamental strategic asymmetry of cybersecurity , namely that while the workfactor for the offender is the price of finding a new method of attack , the workfactor for the defender is the cumulative cost of forever defending against all attack methods yet discovered . Over time , the curve for the cost of finding a new attack and the curve for the cost of defending against all attacks to date cross . Once those curves cross , the offender never has to worry about being out of the money . I believe that that crossing occurred some time ago .
The total surveillance strategy is , to my mind , an offensive strategy used for defensive purposes . It says `` I do n't know what the opposition is going to try , so everything is forbidden unless we know it is good . '' In that sense , it is like whitelisting applications . Taking either the application whitelisting or the total data surveillance approach is saying `` That which is not permitted is forbidden . ''
[ ... ]
We all know the truism , that knowledge is power . We all know that there is a subtle yet important distinction between information and knowledge . We all know that a negative declaration like `` X did not happen '' can only prove true if you have the enumeration of * everything * that did happen and can show that X is not in it . We all know that when a President says `` Never again '' they are asking for the kind of outcome for which proving a negative , lots of negatives , is categorically essential . Proving a negative requires omniscience . Omniscience requires god-like powers .
Actor Tom Hiddleston and the country legend he 'll be playing onscreen , Hank Williams
Tom Hiddleston road-tested their Hank Williams impression for the first time this weekend in front of a very discerning crowd : Midwestern country music fans . Best known for playing Loki in the Thor and Avengers films , Hiddleston will portray legendary musician Williams in the upcoming biopic I Saw the Light . On Saturday , the English actor made a surprise appearance at Michigan 's Wheatland Music Festival , where they performed several of Williams ' best-known songs alongside Grammy-winning singer-songwriter Rodney Crowell .
Curious to hear Hiddleston 's take on country standards ? Here 's a fan video of Hiddleston singing and playing Williams ' first hit , “ Move It On Over , ” from 1947 . ( Hear the original version here . )
And here 's a video of Hiddleston singing Williams ' 1952 single “ Jambalaya ( On the Bayou ) ” ( original recording here ) .
Hiddleston reportedly returned to the stage on Sunday to perform “ I 'm So Lonesome I Could Cry ” with Crowell . In videos from the event , the actor reveals themselves to be a fine singer with a believable country twang —although their baritone voice bears little resemblance to Williams ' nasal tenor . Local reporter Elizabeth Waldon tweeted this shot of Hiddleston onstage .
View photos
While festival-goers seemed to welcome Hiddleston , their casting was somewhat controversial among country fans , for the obvious reason : He 's a Brit playing an Alabama-born American icon . Williams ' grandson Hank Williams III has been outspoken in their objections , telling TMZ that their grandfather should have been played by an authentic Southerner like Matthew McConaughey . Nevertheless , Hiddleston has thrown themselves wholeheartedly into the role , practicing voice and guitar daily , with Crowell as their personal country-music coach .
“ Hank 's life has a tragic arc , but in simple truth , they were a genius : a star that burned twice as bright and lived half as long , ” Hiddleston told the Daily Mail in June . “ It 's a huge role for me and a huge responsibility . I 'm going to give it everything I 've got . ”
I Saw the Light will follow the singer 's rise to fame , from their first marriage in 1944 to their Grand Ole Opry debut in 1949 . In 1953 , Williams ' remarkable career was cut short when they died of heart failure due to drug and alcohol use . They were only 29 — four years younger than Hiddleston is now . The film begins shooting in October . Hopefully movie audiences will be as enthusiastic about Hiddleston 's performance as the crowds at Wheatland ; here 's one more video of the actor thanking their audience .
Photo credit : Ben Pruchnie/WireImage , Gregg DeGuire/WireImage , Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images , @ elisabethwaldon/Twitter
I bought a box of toys from eBay .
Back in March , I paid tribute to eBay 's action figure mixed lots — those being auctions for “ bunches ” of toys that sellers have neither the time nor interest to list individually . Even with the bazillion eyes perpetually scanning eBay , there are some great deals hiding in those listings .
Only rarely am I compelled to bid , but one recent auction really grabbed my attention :
That one . With a $ 5 starting bid and no competition , I won it with ease . Now sure , the hefty shipping rate raised the total price to $ 20 , but even that was a fair price for such an incredible assortment of absolute crap .
Almost every mixed lot is 80 % junk , and this one was no different . The trick is to single out the few items that do have some value , and see if they 're enough to justify the total price . In this case , it was .
The toys arrived today , rather fittingly shipped in a stained box that appears to have once held loads of mailable fruit .
Let 's see what 's inside !
WOW . The photo on eBay did n't do it justice at all . This was a LOT of stuff . Even better , most of it is as old as I 'd hoped for . The toys are mostly from the ‘ 80s and early ‘ 90s , with the only recent exceptions being a few fast food prizes that I quickly tossed into the “ donate ” pile .
My strategy was to cherry-pick the few things I wanted to keep , sell enough to make back what I spent , and donate the rest to whatever facility accepts boxes of ratty old toys . As far as I can tell , that wo n't be hard to do .
Of course , for the moment , everything shown here is still mine , and I 'm free to act like I went to a really great yard sale and just bought everything . It should n't be too hard to spot the stuff I was most interested in , but the real thrill was in how many lost memories these toys sparked .
Growing up , I had tons of these things . I got them from toy stores , restaurants , cereal boxes and beyond . Looking at this spread is like looking at my bedroom floor from 1991 . There 's just as much dog hair on everything , too .
Here are the highlights :
These Real Ghostbusters figures acted as my failsafe , since I could make most of what I spent back on them alone . Interestingly , the lot included exactly two Rays and exactly two Winstons .
I got each character both in their original and “ Power Pack Heroes ” outfits , the latter of which looking oddly like the opening credits to Saved by the Bell .
Hey , it 's one of those Batman Cereal banks ! If you 're old enough , you had one . They came attached to boxes of Batman Cereal , and as far as cereal prizes went , they were utterly extravagant .
Given that the promise of free monkey stickers was enough to make us try even the most boring cereal , you can just imagine what a fuss we made over Batman banks .
A disproportionate amount of fast food toys is one of the typical perils of these mixed lots , but this time , the fast food toys are at least good ones . Here we have a set of four Knuckles figures , from the 1994 Sonic the Hedgehog 3 Happy Meal . How someone ended up with four of these will be the inspiration for my next short story .
A vintage Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles gum container , sans gum . Is it just me , or is Leonardo holding a breakfast sandwich in their left hand ?
Heeeere 's Mekaneck , one of the earliest Masters of the Universe figures , and easily among the most memorable . When you twist their waist , Mekaneck 's neck extends to giraffe-level heights , giving them the power to… I do n't know… peer over tall rocks ?
Well-worn and missing every accessory , Mekaneck is nearly worthless in this condition . That 's fine with me . They were on the “ keep ” list , anyway .
I would n't normally make special mention of Flintstones Happy Meal toys , but I 'm in love with that stand-in for Toys “ R ” Us . Was that in the movie ? I 'm going to be so pissed if I 've spent the last twenty years passing on a film that had a prehistoric bootleg Toys “ R ” Us in it .
A metric ton of California Raisins figures , in many styles and sizes . The figures were made of an impossibly magnetic rubber that exclusively used its powers to attract dirt and filth . If I 'm suddenly ankle-deep in bed bugs , these figures will be to blame .
Still worth it , because now I have an anthropomorphic raisin using matchsticks to play the drums .
Yet more Happy Meal toys , from some of my favorite sets . The DuckTales jet ski is an obvious win , but I 'm especially fond of that skateboarding Garfield . What an outfit ! I love how they wear wristwatches as ankle bracelets .
Shown above are only a few of the lot 's many old Matchbox and Hot Wheels cars , and much to my surprise , some of them are actually worth a decent amount of cash ! Or at least , they would be , if they were n't so completely beat up .
If we studied old Hot Wheel commercials frame-by-frame , I 'm sure we 'd find subliminal messages instructing kids to leave the cars buried outside for 20 years .
Keeping in mind that the toys featured above barely account for 20 % of the entire lot , I think I made a Wise Business Decision . By default , any time you can summarize a series of transactions with “ I got two free Winstons ” marks a Wise Business Decision .
Interested in trying your luck ? Here are some tips !
1 ) You can simply search the term “ mixed lot , ” but eBay also has a category dedicated to that very subject .
2 ) ALWAYS factor in the shipping costs prior to bidding . Sometimes the shipping will be as much as 40 bucks , so if you see a really great lot sliding by without one bid , that 's probably why .
3 ) Snipe . Many bidders wait until the last day , but the most effective bidders wait until the final moments of an auction . It 's okay to put a low bid down as a self-reminder , but do n't throw your highest bid up until the auction 's nearly finished . You 're just going to end up paying more .
Good luck !
Java NIO -- the New Input/Output API package -- was introduced with J2SE 1.4 in 2002 . Java NIO 's purpose was to improve the programming of I/O-intensive chores on the Java platform . A decade later , many Java programmers still do n't know how to make the best use of NIO , and even fewer are aware that Java SE 7 introduced More New Input/Output APIs ( NIO.2 ) . In this tutorial you 'll find five easy examples that demonstrate the advantages of the NIO and NIO.2 packages in common Java programming scenarios .
The primary contribution of NIO and NIO.2 to the Java platform is to improve performance in one of the core areas of Java application development : input/output processing . Neither package is particularly easy to work with , nor are the New Input/Output APIs required for every Java I/O scenario . Used correctly , though , Java NIO and NIO.2 can slash the time required for some common I/O operations . That 's the superpower of NIO and NIO.2 , and this article presents five relatively simple ways to leverage it :
The NIO context
How is it that a 10-year-old enhancement is still the New Input/Output package for Java ? The reason is that for many working Java programmers the basic Java I/O operations are more than adequate . Most Java developers do n't have to learn NIO for our daily work . Moreover , NIO is n't just a performance package . Instead , it 's a heterogeneous collection of facilities related to Java I/O . NIO boosts Java application performance by getting `` closer to the metal '' of a Java program , meaning that the NIO and NIO.2 APIs expose lower-level-system operating-system ( OS ) entry points . The tradeoff of NIO is that it simultaneously gives us greater control over I/O and demands that we exercise more care than we would with basic I/O programming . Another aspect of NIO is its attention to application expressivity , which we 'll play with in some of the exercises that follow .
Starting out with NIO and NIO.2 Plenty of good references are available for NIO -- see Resources for some selected links . For starting out with NIO and NIO.2 , the Java 2 SDK Standard Edition ( SE ) documentation and Java SE 7 documentation are indispensable . In order to run the examples in this article you will need to be working with JDK 7 or greater .
For many developers the first encounter with NIO might happen during maintenance work : an application has correct functionality but is slow to respond , so someone suggests using NIO to accelerate it . NIO shines when it 's used to boost processing performance , but its results will be closely tied to the underlying platform . ( Note that NIO is platform dependent . ) If you 're using NIO for the first time , it will pay you to measure carefully . You might discover that NIO 's ability to accelerate application performance depends not only on the OS , but on the specific JVM , host virtualization context , mass storage characteristics , and even data . Measurement can be tricky to generalize , however . Keep this in mind particularly if a mobile deployment is among your targets .
And now , without further ado , let 's explore five important facilities of NIO and NIO.2 .
Java application performance is the common draw for developers interested in NIO or NIO.2 . In my experience , however , NIO.2 's file change notifier is the most compelling ( if under-sung ) feature of the New Input/Output APIs .
Many enterprise-class applications need to take a specific action when :
A file is uploaded into an FTP folder
A configuration definition is changed
A draft document is updated
Another file-system event occurs
These are all examples of change notification or change response . In early versions of Java ( and other languages ) , polling was typically the best way to detect change events . Polling is a particular kind of endless loop : check the file-system or other object , compare it to its last-known state , and , if there 's no change , check back again after a brief interval , such as a hundred milliseconds or ten seconds . Continue the loop indefinitely .
NIO.2 gives us a better way to express change detection . Listing 1 is a simple example .
Listing 1 . Change notification in NIO.2
import java.nio.file.attribute . * ; import java.io . * ; import java.util . * ; import java.nio.file.Path ; import java.nio.file.Paths ; import java.nio.file.StandardWatchEventKinds ; import java.nio.file.WatchEvent ; import java.nio.file.WatchKey ; import java.nio.file.WatchService ; import java.util.List ; public class Watcher { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Path this_dir = Paths.get ( `` . `` ) ; System.out.println ( `` Now watching the current directory ... '' ) ; try { WatchService watcher = this_dir.getFileSystem ( ) .newWatchService ( ) ; this_dir.register ( watcher , StandardWatchEventKinds.ENTRY_CREATE ) ; WatchKey watckKey = watcher.take ( ) ; List < WatchEvent < & 64 ; > > events = watckKey.pollEvents ( ) ; for ( WatchEvent event : events ) { System.out.println ( `` Someone just created the file ' '' + event.context ( ) .toString ( ) + `` ' . `` ) ; } } catch ( Exception e ) { System.out.println ( `` Error : `` + e.toString ( ) ) ; } } }
Compile this source , then launch the command-line executable . In the same directory , create a new file ; you might , for example , touch example1 , or even copy Watcher.class example1 . You should see the following change notification message :
Someone just creates the file 'example1 ' .
This simple example illustrates how to begin accessing NIO 's language facilities in Java . It also introduces NIO.2 's Watcher class , which is considerably more straightforward and easy-to-use for change notification than the traditional I/O solution based on polling .
Watch for typos ! Be careful when you copy source from this article . Note , for instance , that the StandardWatchEventKinds object in Listing 1 is spelled as a plural . Even the Java.net documentation missed that !
Tip
NIO 's notifiers are so much easier to use than the polling loops of old that it 's tempting to neglect requirements analysis . But you should think through these semantics the first time you use a listener . Knowing when a file modification ends is more useful than knowing when it begins , for instance . That kind of analysis takes some care , especially in a common case like the FTP drop folder . NIO is a powerful package with some subtle `` gotcha 's '' ; it can punish a casual visitor .
Newcomers to NIO sometimes associate it with `` non-blocking input/output . '' NIO is more than non-blocking I/O but the error makes sense : basic I/O in Java is blocking -- meaning that it waits until it can complete an operation -- whereas non-blocking , or asynchronous , I/O is one of the most-used NIO facilities .
NIO 's non-blocking I/O is event-based , as demonstrated by the file-system listener in Listing 1 . This means that a selector ( or callback or listener ) is defined for an I/O channel , then processing continues . When an event occurs on the selector -- when a line of input arrives , for instance -- the selector `` wakes up '' and executes . All of this is achieved within a single thread , which is a significant contrast to typical Java I/O .
Listing 2 demonstrates the use of NIO selectors in a multi-port networking echo-er , a program slightly modified from one created by Greg Travis in 2003 ( see Resources ) . Unix and Unix-like operating systems have long had efficient implementations of selectors , so this sort of networking program is a model of good performance for a Java-coded networking program .
Listing 2 . NIO selectors
import java.io . * ; import java.net . * ; import java.nio . * ; import java.nio.channels . * ; import java.util . * ; public class MultiPortEcho { private int ports [ ] ; private ByteBuffer echoBuffer = ByteBuffer.allocate ( 1024 ) ; public MultiPortEcho ( int ports [ ] ) throws IOException { this.ports = ports ; configure_selector ( ) ; } private void configure_selector ( ) throws IOException { // Create a new selector Selector selector = Selector.open ( ) ; // Open a listener on each port , and register each one // with the selector for ( int i=0 ; i < ports.length ; ++i ) { ServerSocketChannel ssc = ServerSocketChannel.open ( ) ; ssc.configureBlocking ( false ) ; ServerSocket ss = ssc.socket ( ) ; InetSocketAddress address = new InetSocketAddress ( ports [ i ] ) ; ss.bind ( address ) ; SelectionKey key = ssc.register ( selector , SelectionKey.OP_ACCEPT ) ; System.out.println ( `` Going to listen on `` + ports [ i ] ) ; } while ( true ) { int num = selector.select ( ) ; Set selectedKeys = selector.selectedKeys ( ) ; Iterator it = selectedKeys.iterator ( ) ; while ( it.hasNext ( ) ) { SelectionKey key = ( SelectionKey ) it.next ( ) ; if ( ( key.readyOps ( ) & SelectionKey.OP_ACCEPT ) == SelectionKey.OP_ACCEPT ) { // Accept the new connection ServerSocketChannel ssc = ( ServerSocketChannel ) key.channel ( ) ; SocketChannel sc = ssc.accept ( ) ; sc.configureBlocking ( false ) ; // Add the new connection to the selector SelectionKey newKey = sc.register ( selector , SelectionKey.OP_READ ) ; it.remove ( ) ; System.out.println ( `` Got connection from `` +sc ) ; } else if ( ( key.readyOps ( ) & SelectionKey.OP_READ ) == SelectionKey.OP_READ ) { // Read the data SocketChannel sc = ( SocketChannel ) key.channel ( ) ; // Echo data int bytesEchoed = 0 ; while ( true ) { echoBuffer.clear ( ) ; int number_of_bytes = sc.read ( echoBuffer ) ; if ( number_of_bytes < = 0 ) { break ; } echoBuffer.flip ( ) ; sc.write ( echoBuffer ) ; bytesEchoed += number_of_bytes ; } System.out.println ( `` Echoed `` + bytesEchoed + `` from `` + sc ) ; it.remove ( ) ; } } } } static public void main ( String args [ ] ) throws Exception { if ( args.length < =0 ) { System.err.println ( `` Usage : java MultiPortEcho port [ port port ... ] '' ) ; System.exit ( 1 ) ; } int ports [ ] = new int [ args.length ] ; for ( int i=0 ; i < args.length ; ++i ) { ports [ i ] = Integer.parseInt ( args [ i ] ) ; } new MultiPortEcho ( ports ) ; } }
Compile this source , then launch it from the command-line with an invocation such as java MultiPortEcho 8005 8006 . Once the MultiPortEchoer is running , start up a simple telnet or other terminal emulator running against ports 8005 and 8006 . You will see that the program echoes back characters it receives -- and does it in a single Java thread !
More NIO on JavaWorld See the following JavaWorld articles for more background on the java.nio package APIs . `` Master Merlin 's new I/O classes '' ( Michael T. Nygard , JavaWorld , September 2001 )
`` Use select for high-speed networking '' ( Greg Travis , JavaWorld , April 2003 )
In NIO , a channel can be any object that reads or writes . Its job is to abstract files and sockets . NIO channels support a consistent collection of methods , so it 's possible to program without having special cases depending on whether stdout , a network connection , or some other channel is actually in use . Channels share this characteristic of the streams of Java 's basic I/O . Streams provide blocking I/O ; channels support asynchronous I/O .
While NIO is often promoted for its performance advantages , it 's more precise to say it is highly responsive . In some cases NIO actually performs worse than basic Java I/O . For simple sequential reads and writes of small files , for instance , a straightforward streams implementation might be two or three times faster than the corresponding event-oriented channel-based coding . Also , non-multiplexed channels -- that is , channels in separate threads -- can be much slower than channels that register their selectors in a single thread .
The next time you need to define a programming problem in terms of dimensions pertinent to streams or channels , try asking the following questions :
How many I/O objects must you read and write ?
Is there a natural sequence between different I/O objects or might they all need to happen simultaneously ?
Do your I/O objects only last for a short interval or are they likely to persist during the lifetime of your process ?
Is it more natural to do your I/O in a single thread or several distinct ones ?
Is network traffic likely to look the same as local I/O or do the two have different patterns ?
This sort of analysis is good practice for deciding when to use streams or channels . Remember : NIO and NIO.2 do n't replace basic I/O ; they just supplement it .
Destroying the Islamic State militant group could lead to an “ Iranian radical empire , ” former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger warned .
The 94-year-old former senior diplomat made the remarks in an article titled 'Chaos and order in a changing world ' .
“ In these circumstances , the traditional adage that the enemy of your enemy can be regarded as your friend no longer applies . In the contemporary Middle East , the enemy of your enemy may also be your enemy , ” they wrote in an article published on CapX .
“ The Middle East affects the world by the volatility of its ideologies as much as by its specific actions .
“ The outside world 's war with ISIS can serve as an illustration . Most non-ISIS powers – including Shia Iran and the leading Sunni states – agree on the need to destroy it . But which entity is supposed to inherit its territory ? A coalition of Sunnis ? Or a sphere of influence dominated by Iran ? ” they questioned , using an alternative acronym for IS .
Related | Groups Demand Arrest Of ‘ War Mastermind ' Kissinger At Nobel Peace Prize Forum
“ The answer is elusive because Russia and the NATO countries support opposing factions . If the Isis territory is occupied by Iran 's Revolutionary Guards or Shia forces trained and directed by it , the result could be a territorial belt reaching from Tehran to Beirut , which could mark the emergence of an Iranian radical empire , ” Kissinger added .
Iran has had a heavy influence in several conflicts across the region .
In Iraq , the Popular Mobilisation Forces – more commonly known in Arabic as al-Hashed al-Shaabi – are financially and militarily backed by Tehran in the fight against IS .
Meanwhile , in Syria , Iran sides with the embattled Bashar al-Assad .
A poll released today by the Gallup organization finds 58 % of Americans favor legalizing marijuana . It 's the first time a clear majority has favored legalization since Gallup started asking the question in 1969 .
The finding is remarkable because , these days , it 's hard to find much of anything that 58 % of Americans like .
I went back and looked through some other Gallup polls this year to find questions where more than 58 % of the public took the affirmative position . Legal marijuana is n't as popular as universal gun background checks ( 83 % ) or legal sodomy ( 64 % ) . But it 's more popular than almost everything else .
Business Insider , data from Gallup
More Americans want to legalize marijuana than think President Obama is doing a good job ( 44 % ) , want to keep or expand Obamacare ( 38 % ) , favored attacking Syria ( 36 % ) , support a 20-cent gas tax increase to pay for infrastructure ( 29 % ) , or like the Republican Party ( 28 % ) .
And legal marijuana has more than five times as many supporters as Congress does ( 11 % ) .
Marcus Hutchins , the security researcher known as MalwareTech , has pleaded not guilty to today in a Las Vegas court to charges of creating and updating the Kronos banking trojan , according to their lawyer Adrian Marie Lobo .
The judge also approved to release the 22-year-old on bail for a bond of $ 30,000 . The prosecution wanted the judge to deny bail to MalwareTech because they shot a gun without a license in a tourist gun range . The researcher 's attorney called the prosecution 's approach as `` garbage . ''
In spite of the favorable ruling , MalwareTech will spend the weekend in a Las Vegas jail because their legal team could n't raise the money and get a check to the court clerk 's office in due time . MalwareTech 's court hearing was scheduled at 3:00 PM and the court clerk office closed at 4:00 PM .
MalwareTech prohibited from going online , contacting co-defendant
When released on bail , MalwareTech is prohibited from accessing the Internet , must wear a GPS tracker , and must not contact the unnamed co-defendant mentioned in the FBI 's indictment .
The researcher is scheduled to appear in a Wisconsin court on Tuesday .
Researcher shocked by charges
Speaking to reporters outside the court , Lobo said MalwareTech was `` completely shocked '' when they first heard about the FBI 's charges .
The researcher gained international fame after their quick actions helped stop the WannaCry ransomware outbreak .
MalwareTech is an employee of US-based cyber-security firm Kryptos Logic and had just attended the Black Hat and DEF CON security conferences before they were arrested on Wednesday , August 2 .
A video of Lobo 's statements can be viewed here , courtesy of News3LV reporter Christy Wilcox .
The Lions of Liberty are a group of like-minded individuals , who have come together in an effort to advance the ideas of liberty daily .
As Featured On :
For the full story on how the Lions of Liberty first came to be , check out this article , “ What 's a Lion of Liberty ? ” , along with Part 1 and Part 2 of The Lions of Liberty Podcast Origin Story !
THE FOUNDERS
Marc Clair ( Editor-in-chief ) - ( articles )
An ardent believer in libertarian ideals for over a decade , Marc decided to thrust themselves into writing for the cause after becoming inspired by the Presidential campaigns of Ron Paul . In 2011 , they helped to co-found the Lions Of Liberty with several like-minded friends from their college days at Penn State nearly a decade earlier . When he 's not serving as writer and editor-in-chief of Lions Of Liberty , they are busy with a freelance career in television and running a karaoke business in Los Angeles , CA . Marc is also a contributing writer for sports and pop culture website Place to be Nation .
John Odermatt – ( articles )
John , otherwise known as Odie , developed an interest in politics and economics at a young age . In 2007 , John 's eyes were opened when a fellow contributor to this site , Marc Clair , introduced them to a unique Republican , Congressman Ron Paul . Ever since then , a significant amount of their free time has been dedicated to reading and studying the ideals of liberty . When John is not fervently defending liberty , they earn a living working in Project Controls for an engineering company .
Brian McWilliams – ( articles )
Brian McWilliams is a native Philadelphian currently living in Los Angeles . Their passion and concern for liberty was realized during Ron Paul 's 2008 campaign , which shed light on the troubling initiatives our government was embracing that infringed on the tenets that the United States was founded upon .
Domenic John – ( articles )
Known in their closest circles as the snake ( or snaike ) , Domenic has long held most dearly the principles of personal liberty and accountability under different ideological banners . Ron Paul 's 2008 campaign exposed Domenic to the intellectual base of libertarian philosophy and Austrian economics , ideas that reflected their own values and ideals and motivated them to reject the two party attitude . Feeling obligated to further spread the message of liberty , they are now a self loathing blogger in their limited spare time . Domenic reconciles their blogging hypocrisy with a moral obligation to tell the untold story that is either ignored or demonized by more traditional information outlets .
Restaurants , businesses and residents were without power amid hot and humid weather Friday after an underground fire . News4 's Shomari Stone reports . ( Published Friday , July 15 , 2016 )
UPDATE : All customers in the Shaw area have been restored , except for one residence . A temporary generator is being installed in that location , and estimated restoration is noon for that location .
=============================
An underground fault in D.C. caused power outages for thousands of Pepco customers amid Friday 's scorching temperatures .
D.C. Fire and EMS said firefighters were called to the area of 14th and V Street NW for a transformer fire about 4:30 p.m . The fire department went to several buildings in the area for people stuck in elevators .
Traffic signals in the area were also out , fire officials said .
Pepco said crews worked throughout the night to repair the issue , and it expected to restore power to the majority of customers by early Saturday morning .
Residents in the area could go to the Banneker Community Center at 2500 Georgia Avenue NW to keep cool , D.C . Homeland Security said .
Fire officials originally said it was a transformer fire , but Pepco later said there was an underground fault , which caused some power lines to trip . They have classified the incident as an `` underground equipment issue . ''
According to this verse : ” And women have rights similar to the rights against them ( ie that of men ) according to what is equitable and men have a degree over them ” Baqarah : 228 Does this mean that men are SUPERIOR to women ? If so , is it because of these 3 reasons : 1 ) men have perfect understanding , and women have a DEFICIENCY in INTELLECT . 2 ) Is it also because women lack perfection of deen because they miss out on salaah during menses and men have perfection of deen ? 3 ) Is it also because men spend of their wealth on women ? ? Are all the reasons valid ? What is the true interpretation of the above quoted verse ? Please advise me on the truth of this matter . I appreciate every effort undertaken .
Answer
It is true that Rasulullah ( Sallallaahu Alayhi Wasallam ) has mentioned that women have less intelligence than men . This is recorded in Bukhari Shareef . As far as decision making between husband and wife , the Shari'ah has made the husband the head of the family . The wife has to obey their lawful demands . This does not mean that they should not consult with her , or that they have no say whatsoever in the family , but it means that time final authority lies with the husband .
Rasulullah ( Sallallaahu Alayhi Wasallam ) said , ‘ I have not seen a person deficient in intelligence and Deen more able to overcome an intelligent man that you , O women . The women asked , ‘ What is the deficiency in our intellect and Deen . ' Rasulullah ( Sallallaahu Alayhi Wasallam ) replied , ‘ Is it not that in testimony , your testimony is half of the man 's . ' They replied , ‘ Certainly . ' They ( Sallallaahu Alayhi Wasallam ) said , ‘ This is due to your deficient intellect . ' Also refer below our standard reply to a similar query .
and Allah Ta'ala Knows Best
Mufti Ebrahim Desai
FATWA DEPT .
We have taken note of your e-mail . By the grace of Allah we are not offended by the least . We understand your frame of mind quite well , and are well aware of the type of mindset you have . We sincerely make du ' a that Allah Ta'ala grants you increase in Islamic knowledge and an understanding of the Deen .
Please find attached a copy of the text under question . However , I am sure that this will not solve the matter , for even if we had to present Imaam Bukhari 's hand-written manuscript it will be of no value to you .
The root of the issue is that you view Islam from a western mindset . Your values and principles lie in the kuffaar way of life , hence your apologetic attitude regarding many of the teachings of Islam . We are all in need of shedding some pride , which is the cornerstone of western ideology .
One of the principles that you have inherited from the kuffaar is the equating of inferiority with derogation .
To accept that Allah Ta'ala has created somebody or something inferior to another , in no way implies that the inferior person or thing is belittled .
There are various examples of where Allah Ta'ala , in accordance to Their wisdom , has created certain people superior to others . This is the right of Allah Ta'ala and no one may question Their Wisdom . Their Knowledge is absolute and we , as Their creation , can not fathom Their Wisdom .
Consider that Allah Ta'ala has created :
( a ) Our Nabi ( Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam ) as the most superior of all the ambiyaa ( prophets ) .
( b ) Hazrat Jibra-eel ( alayhis salaam ) as the most superior angel .
( c ) Hazrat Abu Bakr ( Radiyallahu anhu ) as the most superior companion of our Nabi ( Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam )
( d ) Makkah as the most superior city .
( e ) The Quráan the most superior of the Divine Books
These are merely few cases mentioned by way of illustration . If we had the time , we could have easily produced a few thousand examples .
In all these cases , since a superior exists , the converse must necessarily follow to be the inferior .
Can one claim that by referring to them as inferior , we wish to belittle or deride them ? Do we imply that they are debased and disgraceful ? Does it imply that they are ignominious ?
If this was the case it would imply that since Allah Ta'ala has created our Nabi ( Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam ) as the most superior Nabi , Allah forbid , all the other Ambiyaa ( alayhis salaam ) have no value ? Does it mean that since the Quráan is most superior , all other Divine scriptures are merit less ? The same question can be posed regarding the other examples given .
On the one hand , inferiority is no shame , and on the other hand , it is the prerogative of Allah Ta'ala to grant intellect to whom so ever They wish to . If in Their Wisdom They granted men more intelligence than women , it is Their Right . No one can question Him , nor can we , with our feeble intelligence claim , Allah forbid , that it is illogical for Allah Ta'ala to have done so . It is neither implied that Allah Ta'ala has degraded women , nor made them valueless .
Allah Ta'ala has created man and woman for separate roles . They also granted each one of the two qualities which are more befitting for their respective roles , e.g . women are generally more emotional than men in keeping with their role of motherhood . In the same light they have granted men more intelligence than women , in accordance of their role of guardians and overseers over women .
You have misinterpreted this to imply that women are un-intelligent and stupid . This is the result of the corrupt basis from which you are viewing the issue . You have presumed inferiority to mean degradation .
Almost the entire universe is made of inferior beings . We are all in one way or the other inferior . We do not have to hang our heads in shame for being inferior . It is the Divine system that They have created us inferior in some respect or the other . There is therefore no need for women to feel ashamed of the fact that they have been granted less of one quality than men .
It is rational to accept that not all humans are not of equal intelligence . It therefore follows that some are more intelligent than others are i.e . others are inferior in intelligence . Can one claim that others are devoid of intelligence ? Such a claim will certainly be illogical .
The writer hereof has no qualms in accepting that there are many persons more intelligent than I am . This makes me inferior in intellect . Why should I allow my pride make me feel ashamed of it . Now , I wish to meet a person who can claim to be the most superior in intellect . Yet pride will prevent many a person from accepting that they are of inferior intellect , for in their feeble minds it implies some type of disgrace .
In brief , inferiority does not imply disgrace .
May Allah Ta'ala grant us all understanding .
Source
Growing social inequality in Australia
By Richard Phillips
20 June 2014
The gap between rich and poor in Australia is widening , according to Oxfam Australia research released this week . The Oxfam data punctures Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey 's claims last week at the right-wing Sydney Institute that those pointing to growing social inequality were “ misguided ” ( see : “ Australian treasurer defends austerity budget as ‘ fair ' ” ) .
Entitled Still the Lucky Country ? the Oxfam report reveals that the richest 1 percent owns the same wealth as the bottom 60 percent of the population . It also shows that the country 's nine richest individuals have a combined net worth of $ 58.6 billion , which is more than the combined wealth of the bottom 20 percent , or 4.5 million people . Australia 's wealthiest individual owns more than the bottom 10 percent , or about 2 million people .
“ Income inequality in Australia has been on the rise since the mid-1990s , ” Oxfam states . “ In 1995 , Australia had an average level in inequality compared to other wealthy OECD member countries . Today , we are below average , having become less equal than our peers despite having a better performing economy than most . ”
The report includes a survey indicating that 79 percent of those polled believe that the gap between the richest and poorest Australians widened over the past decade , with over 60 percent believing that this made Australia “ a worse place to live . ”
The Oxfam poll also found that 76 percent thought the very wealthy did not pay enough tax ; 75 percent wanted the government to take action to close the gap between the rich and poor ; and 79 percent believed that the rich had “ too much influence . ”
The Oxfam report is backed up by a document released last week by Australia21 , a non-profit research company , in collaboration with the Australia Institute . Entitled Advance Australia Fair ? What to do about growing inequality in Australia , the document states : “ In recent decades , the income share of the top 1 percent has doubled , the wealth share of the top 0.001 percent has more than tripled , and the share of the top 0.0001 ( the richest one-millionth ) has quintupled . ”
On the other end of the scale , the bottom 20 percent of people relied on government payments for three-quarters of their income , with more than 35 percent of those on welfare living below the poverty line . Australia 's Newstart unemployment benefit is the lowest of all the OECD countries . Currently over 570,000 children in Australia—or one in six—are living in poverty .
Government tax cuts have disproportionally favoured the wealthy , the report notes , with $ 71 billion in savings for the top 10 percent of income earners in the past seven years .
As the report states : “ The top tax rates have been reduced from 60 cents in the dollar in 1983–84 to 45 cents in the dollar today . Personal income can be disguised as company or superannuation income where it is taxed at only 30 and 15 ( or zero ) percent respectively . ”
Advance Australia Fair ? shows that superannuation tax concessions , which largely benefit the wealthy , cost the government about $ 35 billion a year and will soon overtake the annual budget for the aged pension and its 2.4 million recipients .
The report also highlights the debilitating impact of social inequality on the health , education and well-being of the poorest sections of society .
“ Greater income inequality , ” it states , “ leads to more unequal access to quality housing , education , nutritious food , and healthcare . Low income groups are less likely to be able to afford to live in neighborhoods that are conducive to better physical and mental health … They are more likely to hold jobs that are precarious and low paid , thereby creating a greater risk of cardiovascular disease and mental ill health . ”
Figures cited showed “ a consistent correlation between low level of income and high level of heart disease , cancer , diabetes and depression . ”
Treasurer Hockey told the Sydney Institute last week that the government faced a budget emergency because too many people were receiving welfare . Contrary to this claim , Household , Income and Labour Dynamics in Australia ( HILDA ) data released this week by the Melbourne Institute shows that working-age Australians are less reliant on welfare than they were a decade ago .
The HILDA survey , which has tracked a sample of households since 2001 , indicated that those relying on welfare aged between 18 and 64 declined from 23 percent of people in 2001 to 18.6 percent in 2011 . Those deriving half their income from welfare dropped from 12 to 10.1 percent during the same period .
In HILDA 's sample there was a sharp decline in those reliant on single-parent payments , from 43.8 percent in 2001 down to 32.6 percent in 2011 . Fewer were also dependent on the age pension , with the proportion of income coming from the pension declining from 67.8 percent in 2001 to 59.9 percent in 2011 .
HILDA report editor , Associate Professor Roger Wilkins , told ABC News ' “ Breakfast ” on Monday that welfare reliance had been declining for about two decades . “ It is hard to reconcile that trend with the current public discourse , particularly coming from the Coalition government . You certainly could n't argue that there is a welfare emergency or welfare dependency emergency that 's recently emerged , ” they said .
The basic political question facing the working class is not whether more or less people are dependent on welfare or pensions payments , but that adequate social welfare should be provided to all those who require it as a basic democratic right .
The fact that declining numbers of people are reliant on welfare and pensions , under conditions of growing social inequality , increasing poverty and widespread job destruction , is an indictment of successive Labor and Liberal-National governments . During the past decade , in line with the demands of big business , governments have introduced welfare cutbacks and measures that are condemning millions to a life of poverty .
The author also recommends :
The Australian budget and the fight for social equality
[ 11 June 2014 ]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
An in-depth study of over 3,000 reviews showed that Serengeti National Park in Tanzania is Africa 's best safari park . The reviews were contributed by safari tourists and industry experts .
SafariBookings.com , an online marketplace for African safaris , set out to determine which safari park is best for African Safaris . After analyzing 3,008 reviews from both safari travelers and acclaimed experts , Serengeti National Park in Tanzania was named best park in Africa with the highest overall rating of 4.89 out of 5 stars .
This victory was no surprise to safari enthusiasts , although the runners-up posed quite some competition . South Africa 's MalaMala Game Reserve came in second place , and Okavango Delta in Botswana took third .
Female lion with cub , Serengeti National Park
Of the total , 2,234 reviews came from safari tourists from 63 countries , including reviews from first-time safari tourists , as well as seasoned safari travelers ( who are probably more critical of parks , as they can compare a host of parks across various countries ) . The remaining 774 reviews were written by travel and safari experts , including guidebook authors of Lonely Planet , Rough Guides , Frommer 's , Bradt and Footprint .
More experienced safari tourists who 've been on multiple safaris rated the Serengeti 16 % higher than any other park . The industry experts also rated Serengeti highest of all . This illustrates even more that the park deserves to rank first .
Annual Wildebeest Migration , Serengeti National Park
When asked why Serengeti is such an impressive safari destination , several themes emerged : the annual great migration ( comprised of over 2.5 million wildebeest and zebra ) , great wildlife viewing year-round and endless grass plains that feel like authentic Africa . Also contributing to the choice was Serengeti 's distinction as one of the best places to see most predators including lions , and thousands of wildebeest cross crocodile infested rivers . Also , visits to the park can be easily combined with other top-class parks of Tanzania .
For the full top 50 list of Africa 's best safari parks , please visit http : //www.safaribookings.com/blog/258/
FARGO - Rebuilding the Bison Turf might not be able to start in earnest until sometime in December , owner Pete Sabo said .
Sabo , who recently submitted plans to the city 's Inspections Department for repairing and expanding the popular northside watering hole , must get the OK from the city 's Planning Commission to proceed after questions arose about the Turf having enough parking to handle more patrons .
Sabo wants to add a second-floor bar and a large outdoor patio deck facing west toward the nearby North Dakota State University campus .
The Planning Commission meets Dec. 6 .
RELATED :
The Bison Turf , 1211 N. University Drive , was closed after a July 22 fire heavily damaged the roof and some of the walls of the building .
Paperwork and plans filed with the city indicate that work on the bar is estimated to cost $ 665,000 , with another $ 50,000 estimated for the parking lot , for a total of $ 715,000 .
`` They tell me Planning is n't signing off on it because my parking issue has n't been resolved yet , '' Sabo said .
The delay could increase the cost of rebuilding the bar and restaurant , they said .
`` It sure is gon na be miserable if I have to wait until the middle of December , '' Sabo said . `` My builder said my cost of building is probably going to go up 30 percent if they have to knock the ice off each board before they put it up . ''
City Planning Director Jim Gilmour said the Planning Department will recommend Sabo receive approval for reconstruction , especially since an adjoining NDSU lot can easily handle vehicles of the bar 's patrons in the evenings and on weekends .
Sabo said they have a letter from NDSU officials saying they can use the lot in off hours .
Sabo estimated the Turf now has 70 parking spots available .
Gilmour said Sabo could also go ahead and demolish the roof and any fire-damaged walls if they want to take a chance that their final plans will be approved . In the meantime , Sabo is being asked to adjust their plans by adding more hand-washing sinks in the kitchen to get approval from the city 's Health Department , Gilmour said .
`` This is just the timeline ( that must be followed ) , '' they said . `` There 's a lot of work that needs to be done . They could be taking off the roof right now and taking down the building , I guess . It 's up to them on when to start . It depends on the availability of their contractors . ''
Gilmour said Sabo just missed the deadline for getting on the Planning Commission 's November agenda . Demolishing the Turf and putting up a new building would n't have changed the timeline , Gilmour said .
Sabo said they had hoped for official approval to work on the ground floor level of the building , including rebuilding the bathrooms and resetting booths .
`` We 're ready to start building tomorrow . We 're all set to go , '' Sabo said .
Former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , who was shot in the head during a mass shooting in Tucson , Ariz. , exactly two years ago , has stepped into the national spotlight to offer a one-word opinion about US gun violence : `` Enough . ''
The comment is part of an interview with ABC set to be aired Tuesday night , and it comes as Ms. Giffords and their astronaut husband , Mark Kelly , announced the formation of a new group aimed at influencing the national debate on gun violence and countering the political and financial influence of the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) . The goal , the couple wrote in USA Today Tuesday , is to ensure that `` legislators will no longer have reason to fear the gun lobby . ''
The national tragedy that played out at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Conn. , on Dec. 14 , has shifted the tenor and substance of the debate over the Second Amendment , which guarantees the rights of Americans to own and carry firearms , for the first time in decades . And Giffords , with their own heroic story of recovery , could be uniquely placed to help marshal gun-control forces moving forward .
The decision by Giffords , themselves a gun owner and a supporter of the Second Amendment , shows a sense of urgency in capitalizing on post-Newtown emotions . The Obama administration , too , is trying to move quickly – this week initiating conversations with gunmakers , Hollywood producers , gun-crime victims , and gun rights groups about how to proceed . But the efforts risk exposing cracks in a notably fractious gun-control movement .
[ Editor 's note : The original version of this story misstated Ms. Gifford 's position on the Second Amendment . ]
`` One of the things that the gun-control movement has always faced is an abundance of underfunded groups that do n't work together well , '' says Duke University gun-policy expert Kristin Goss , author of `` Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America . '' `` But that 's gotten better in recent years . These groups are now working together more sympathetically , and the arrival of [ New York Mayor ] Michael Bloomberg on the scene ca n't be underestimated , where he 's got a national platform , deep pockets , and is completely unafraid of the NRA . ''
In evidence of this improving coordination , Giffords and Mr. Kelly traveled both to Newtown to meet with parents and to New York to discuss their plans with Mayor Bloomberg before deciding to launch their group , which will be called Americans for Responsible Solutions .
In the ABC News interview , Kelly says they almost `` lost it '' when a Newtown parent showed them a picture of a slain Sandy Hook student .
`` In response to a horrific series of shootings that has sown terror in our communities , victimized tens of thousands of Americans , and left one of its own bleeding and near death in a Tucson parking lot , Congress has done something quite extraordinary – nothing at all , '' Giffords and Kelly wrote in USA Today .
`` This country is known for using its determination and ingenuity to solve problems , big and small . Wise policy has conquered disease , protected us from dangerous products and substances , and made transportation safer . But when it comes to protecting our communities from gun violence , we 're not even trying – and for the worst of reasons , '' they added .
After failing for decades to budge Americans ' general support for gun rights , gun-control advocates now see a major opening after Newtown , where 20 schoolchildren and six staffers were killed in a blizzard of high-powered rifle fire before the gunman , 20-year-old Adam Lanza , took their own life .
Unlike other mass shootings , including the Tucson incident in which Giffords was injured and six others died , the Newtown massacre appeared to have actually changed American opinions on gun rights and gun control . On Dec. 20 , a CBS News poll found an 18-point surge in the share of Americans who support more firearms restrictions – a finding supported , though less dramatically , by a Pew Research poll conducted after the Newtown shootings .
That shift invigorated efforts to toughen restrictions on firearms .
For example , a visibly moved President Obama launched their new White House initiative , led by Vice President Joe Biden , to return with recommendations , and Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D ) of California has said they will file a bill on Jan. 22 that , if passed , would reinstate an assault-weapons ban and force American gun owners to register `` grandfathered '' weapons with federal authorities .
`` There are numerous efforts under way with an outside strategy , that is going to help capture this energy so it becomes more uncomfortable for Republicans not to move something , ” an aide to a pro-gun-control lawmaker said on Monday , according to MSNBC.com
But while the gun-control movement has momentum and is urging Congress to strike quickly , new groups like the one started by Giffords may struggle to change the bedrock support in America for gun ownership .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Yes , recent shootings `` dramatize the problem , and people want a solution immediately , '' says Professor Goss at Duke .
But they also note that recent poll numbers sliding toward more support for gun control `` reflect this idea that , yeah , it 's too easy for guns to get into bad hands , but [ polls also show ] that this is also a problem on a personal and family and cultural level . People are smart and they realize that , like a plane crash , there 's never just one factor . ''
One of the most anticipated UFC events in recent memory takes place Saturday night at the Bell Center in Montreal , when Georges St-Pierre makes their long awaited return to the octagon to take on Carlos Condit at UFC 154 . This match will decide the UFC Welterweight Championship , as St-Pierre was the Welterweight Champion when they injured their knee in December of 2011 , and Condit has held the interim title ever since , so the winner of this match will be named the Undisputed Welterweight Champion . The rest of the card is also outstanding , and I have been on absolute fire with my UFC Picks lately , so let 's get to it :
Preliminary Card ( FACEBOOK ) : Darren Elkins OVER Steven Siler , Ivan Menjivar OVER Azamat Gashimov , Matthew Riddle OVER John Maguire , Antonio Carvalho OVER Rodrigo Damm
Preliminary Card : Sam Stout OVER John Makdessi , Mark Bocek OVER Rafael dos Anjos , Chad Griggs OVER Cyrille Diabate , Patrick Cote OVER Alessio Sakara
Main Card :
Mark Hominick ( 20-11 ) vs. Pablo Garza ( 11-3 ) – Featherweight Bout – Pablo Garza has only lost three fights in their career , however two of them have been their last two fights , and they 're attempting to avoid a three fight losing streak on Saturday night . Mark Hominick is coming off of a three fight losing streak , one of those fights were a split decision against Eddie Yagin , and the other was a unanimous decision loss in a great fight against champion Jose Aldo . Someone 's streak ends on Saturday night . THE PICK : Hominick by decision .
Nick Ring ( 13-1 ) vs. Costa Philippou ( 11-2-1 ) – Middleweight Bout – Nick Ring has only one loss in their career , and has proven themselves as a tough competitor in the UFC , but they have a problematic knee that has forced them to have reconstructive surgery three times . Their only loss was to Tim Boetsch , one of the toughest guys in the UFC , at UFC 135 in September of 2011 . Costa Philippou enters this fight on a four fight winning streak , and they have only one loss in the UFC , which was at UFC 128 in March of 2011 . This should be an excellent fight and will be tough to call , but I 'm giving the slight edge to Philippou , in what should be a fight of the night candidate . The Pick : Philippou by TKO in the third round .
Francis Carmont ( 19-7 ) vs. Tom Lawlor ( 8-4-1 ) – Middleweight Bout – You may remember Tom Lawlor from Season 8 of The Ultimate Fighter , when they lost in the first round of the show to eventual winner Ryan Bader , and they have since dropped to middleweight . Francis Carmont enters this bout on a eight fight winning streak and they have not lost since 2008 , so they are currently a force to be reckoned with , and Lawlor will have trouble with Carbot 's excellent submission skills . The Pick : Carmont by Submission in the Second Round .
Martin Kampmann ( 20-5 ) vs. Johnny Hendricks ( 13-1 ) – Welterweight Bout – I can not wait for this fight , it should be an excellent matchup against two of my favorite competitors in MMA , and the winner will likely be named the number one contender for the Welterweight Title . The dangerous and resilient Danish kick boxer Martin Kampmann enters this bout on a three fight winning streak , their fights are always entertaining , and they have victories over some of the best mixed martial artists in their weight class . They face off against American wrestler Johnny Hendricks , who has been an absolute force since joining the UFC , and has won four matches in a row dating back to a loss to Rick Story in December 2010 . This is my pick to win fight of the night , Hendricks ahs more power and can dominate on the ground , but Kampmann is excellent with submissions and a better striker . If I have to pick I 'm taking the more well rounded Kampmann , however , these are two of the toughest guys in MMA and it can go either way . The Pick : Kampmann by Decision .
Georges St-Pierre ( 22-2 ) vs. Carlos Condit ( 28-5 ) – Unanimous Welterweight Championship Bout – When I think of the greatest active mixed martial artists regardless of weight class , the first name that pops into my head is Anderson Silva , but they are quickly followed by Georges St-Pierre . The most well rounder fighter we have seen , St-Pierre does not have to make opponents fight their style , they often fight their opponent 's style and beats them at their own game . St-Pierre has excellent stand up , is an incredible wrestler , and is dominant in the ground game . Georges has won nine fights in a row and has not lost since April of 2007 , it will be a pleasure to see them back in the octagon on Saturday night , but they will have their work cut out for him . Carlos Condit has won five matches in a row and has been dominant since a loss to Martin Kampmann ( his only loss in the UFC ) in April of 2009 , with wins over several dangerous opponents , including my favorite up-and-comer Rory MacDonald . Condit is a well rounded fighter , and unlike St-Pierre , they will have no ring rust from time away from competition . However , in their native Montreal , in their first fight in a year and a half , I 'd be crazy not to pick GSP . The Pick : Georges St-Pierre by Second Round TKO .
UFC PICKS RECORD ( by event ) :
UFC on FUEL TV : Franklin vs. Cung Le –
Preliminaries ( 1-2 ) Main Card ( 4-1 ) Overall ( 5-3 )
UFC 153 : Silva vs. Bonnar –
Preliminaries ( 5-1 ) Main Card ( 4-2 ) Overall ( 9-3 )
UFC 149 : Faber vs. Barao –
Preliminaries ( 4-2 ) Main Card ( 2-3 ) Overall ( 6-5 )
UFC 148 : Sliva vs. Sonnen II –
Preliminaries ( 3-2 ) Main Card ( 5-1 ) Overall ( 8-3 )
UFC 146 : Dos Santos vs Mir –
Preliminaries ( 4-3 ) Main Card ( 4-1 ) Overall ( 8-4 )
UFC on FOX 2 : Evans vs. Davis –
Main Card ( 3-0 )
OVERALL RECORD :
Preliminaries ( 17-10 ) Main Card ( 22-8 ) Overall ( 39-18 )
HOLY COW ! ! My Plushie Santa went above and beyond - I ca n't believe how perfect my Plushie gift is !
My first hint that my Santa was going to be great was a message that I received from him . They said that they had a great idea for a custom-made plushie for me - they wanted to make sure that I was ok with the general theme before moving forward . They also said that , since it was going to be custom-made , it might be a wee bit late . Would I be ok with that ?
Of course , I said I would be thrilled !
Once the wonderful mystery creation came to life , they messaged me again and told me it was on the way . We both checked the tracking details again and again and again .... until it arrived .
The box was huge ! I eagerly opened it and dug through the layers of tissue paper ( side note : Want a way to get on the good side of a cat owner ? Send them a gigantic box of crinkling tissue paper for their cats to play in ! )
I am gobsmacked by what I found - a custom-made tree ! It 's made out of felt and has embroidered features and lots of personalized touches ( like the C on the bottom made out of buttons - C for Caitlin ! ) . I love it !
Kipjor , you 've outdone yourself ! Thank you so much !
( NOTE : I 've used the word gobsmacked not because I 'm British , but because I ca n't think of an American term that adequately describes how surprised and delighted I am with my tree ! )
McALLEN , Texas — According to a Texas border television station , when about 2,000 illegal aliens engage in a mass riot , yelling , overturning tents , and setting fires , it is only a “ demonstration . ”
“ Approximately 2,000 federal inmates were involved in a demonstration at a prison facility in Willacy County , ” begins the report by television station KGBT .
The riot took place on Friday at a private prison facility in the city of Raymondville , about 40 miles north of the Texas border with Mexico , as Breitbart Texas reported . The private facility is under contract with the U.S. Bureau of Prisons and holds primarily illegal aliens , as well as other inmates facing federal charges . The facility can hold a total of around 2,900 detainees .
In their reporting of the riot , KGBT gave a detailed report about the massive mobilization needed to quell the rioters and mentioned that three local schools had been placed on lockdown as a response to the “ demonstration . ”
“ Multiple agencies , including federal and state authorities , were called to secure the perimeter of the Willacy County Correctional Center , a privately owned prison contracted through the federal government , ” KGBT staff reported .
The station then provided a detailed account of the rioting .
“ Some inmates broke out of the housing area and made their way into the recreational yard prompting a lockdown of the prison . Some inmates were seen shaking the fence . Tear gas was used in an attempt to break up the disturbance…Small fires broke out in three of the units , and the Raymondville Fire Department is on scene for precautionary measures , ” KGBT reported .
While the story is a chilling account of events , KGBT chose to minimize the seriousness of the situation by calling it a “ demonstration , ” rather than a prison riot by illegal aliens .
Follow Ildefonso Ortiz on Twitter and on Facebook .
Gateways Of The Mind London '14
8th & 9th November - The Tabernacle , Notting Hill , W11 2AY
Explorations Deep Into Consciousness
Gateways Of The Mind returns to London on the 8th & 9th November for another transformational weekend of presentations , practical sessions , panel debates , meditational soundscapes , art and workshops .
A gateway of the mind is a methodology to enable us to understand our deeper self , the cosmos and the nature of reality . There are many gateways of the mind , including lucid dreaming , out-of-body experiences , shamanic practices , meditation , dance to name a few . The by-products of these practices include physical and emotional well-being , healing , mind-training , consciousness expansion and wisdom . The aim of these practices are viewed similarly across many ancient traditions – the integration of our 'ultimate self ' with our physical self in order to transcend the cycle of birth , death , afterlife and re-birth .
Gateways London '14 will present experts , authors and practitioners who will elucidate on each part of the wheel of life and outline the importance of lucidity throughout . From one of the most ancient surviving civilisations on the planet , the Dogons , to the wisdom tradition of the Sufis and to the research by some of our most progressive Western minds .
As we strive to understand and explain our very essence it is important to maintain an open and expansive approach to our personal evolution . What can we learn from our ancestors and their experiences and how do we combine that with our own in today 's digital driven world ?
Combining sacred and ancient knowledge with cutting edge ideas Gateways Of The Mind attempts to connect the dots and provide inspiration for us all on our personal journey .
View all the photos from Gateways London '14 by clicking on the below image .
In this photo copied from the 2010 Sleepy Hollow High School yearbook , high school student Andrea Rubello is shown . ( Photo11 : AP )
MINEOLA , New York ( AP ) — A New York college student being held in a headlock at gunpoint by an intruder was accidentally shot and killed by a police officer who had responded to a report of the home invasion at an off-campus home , police said Saturday .
Andrea Rebello was shot once in the head Friday morning by an officer who opened fire after the masked intruder pointed a gun at the officer while holding the 21-year-old Hofstra University student in a headlock , Nassau County homicide squad Lt. John Azzata said .
In a tense confrontation with the officer , gunman Dalton Smith `` menaces our police officer , points their gun at the police officer , '' Azzata said . The officer opened fire , killing Smith and their hostage .
Azzata said the Nassau County police officer fired eight shots at Smith , who police described as having an `` extensive '' criminal background . Smith was hit seven times and died . Rebello was shot once in the head .
`` He kept saying , ' I 'm going to kill her , ' and then they pointed the gun at the police officer , '' Azzata said .
A loaded 9 mm handgun with an obliterated serial number was found at the scene , police said .
Nassau County Police Commissioner Thomas Dale said they had traveled to Rebello 's home to explain to Rebello 's parents what happened .
`` I felt obligated as a police commissioner and as a parent to inform them as soon as all the forensic results were completed , '' Dale said .
Earlier Saturday , police announced that Smith , 30 , was wanted on a parole violation related to a first-degree robbery conviction and had an arrest history dating back nearly 15 years .
The shooting , which took place just steps from campus , has cast a pall over the university community as it geared up for graduation ceremonies Sunday . A university spokesperson said students will be handed white ribbons to wear in memory of Rebello .
Rebello , a public relations major , was in the two-story home with their twin sister Jessica , a third woman and a man when Smith , wearing a ski mask , walked into the house through an open front door , Azzata said . Smith demanded valuables and was told they were upstairs , Azzata said .
Smith , apparently unsatisfied with the valuables upstairs , asked if any of the four had a bank account and could withdraw money , Azzata said . The intruder then allowed the unidentified woman to leave and collect money from a cash machine , telling them they had only eight minutes to come back with cash before they killed one of their friends , Azzata said .
The woman left for the bank and called police , according to Azzata .
Minutes later , two police officers arrived at the home and found Rebello 's twin sister Jessica running out of the front door and the male guest hiding behind a couch on the first floor , Azzata said .
One of the officers entered the home and encountered Smith holding onto Rebello in a headlock , coming down the stairs , Azzata said . Smith pulled Rebello closer and started moving backward toward a rear door of the house , pointing the gun at their head before eventually threatening the officer , Azzata said .
James Hansen
Top climate scientist James Hansen tells the story of their involvement in the science of and debate over global climate change . In doing so they outline the overwhelming evidence that change is happening and why that makes them deeply worried about the future .
Why I Must Speak Out About Climate Change
By James Hansen , TED
Top climate scientist James Hansen tells the story of their involvement in the science of and debate over global climate change . In doing so they outline the overwhelming evidence that change is happening and why that makes them deeply worried about the future .
James Hansen has made key insights into our global climate -- and inspired a generation of activists and scientists .
James Hansen is a Adjunct Professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Columbia University 's Earth Institute . They were trained in physics and astronomy in the space science program of James Van Allen at the University of Iowa . Their early research on the clouds of Venus helped identify their composition as sulfuric acid . Since the late 1970s , they have focused their research on Earth 's climate , especially human-made climate change . Hansen is known for their testimony on climate change to congressional committees in the 1980s that helped raise broad awareness of the global warming issue . Hansen is recognized for speaking truth to power , for identifying ineffectual policies as greenwash , and for outlining the actions that the public must take to protect the future of young people and the other species on the planet .
`` The scientific excitement in comparing theory with data , and developing some understanding of global changes that are occurring , is what makes all the other stuff worth it . '' - James Hansen
Dear Mr Gandhi ,
Reports in the media show you were “ caught napping ” during an important debate yesterday in the Lok Sabha , on the attacks on Dalits in Gujarat . It could be true , but only you can confirm that fact . Yet , when it comes to Gujarat , when have you or your party ever been awake ?
It seems that you are visiting Una to console Dalits in Gujarat . You must be aware , of course , that Punjabhai Bhimabhai Vansh , the MLA who represents the local assembly constituency is from your party . One hopes that you have enquired from them how such an atrocity could have been committed on Dalits in a Congress-led constituency . The Una constituency has elected Congress legislators nine times in the 12 assembly elections held in Gujarat since 1962 . Surprisingly , only once has the BJP won that seat . The people of Una did not desert the Congress even after the riots in Gujarat in 2002 . Not just those in Una , but a large portion of Gujarat 's Dalit community have vested their faith in you . With no other alternative in sight , even Muslims in Gujarat have relied on the Congress . How have you protected their trust ?
A Congress government was in power in the year 1969 , before you were born . But you may know how the government , led by Chief Minister Hitendra Desai , handled the riots that year . The government 's official statistic states that 660 people died and 1074 people were injured . About 48,000 people were rendered homeless .
Although the report submitted in 1971 by the Justice Jaganmohan Reddy Commission of Inquiry noted clearly that even the police were party to the violence during the riots , no action was taken by the government . Just a couple of days before the riots broke out , the Bharatiya Jan Sangh 's Balraj Madhok was busy making provocative speeches , on September 14 and 15 , 1969 . The Congress government did not take the trouble to arrest him . Likewise , neither was any Muslim provocateur arrested . Did your own party 's government at the centre fire the Hitendra Desai administration ? No .
To date , a total of 245 riots have taken place since 1950 in Gujarat . Congress governments were in power through most of them . Has the Congress Party apologised even once to the people for those riots ? Among the several lives lost in the 1969 riots , a great number of them were of Dalit workers of Ahmedabad 's textile mills .
But , let such bygones be bygones .
More recently , after the 2002 riots , the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind submitted a list of names to party president Mrs Sonia Gandhi , of about 25 Congress leaders accused of actively participating in the riots . The organisation followed it up with letters urging that action be taken against them . There is no record to show how your party acted on this information . So , what exactly is the difference between you and “ others ” ?
According to former DGP of Gujarat , R.B . Sreekumar ( who blew the whistle on the Modi government 's role in 2002 riots ) , for days after the riots , instead of visiting the grief-stricken family of Ehsan Jafri to offer their condolences , Congress leaders summoned them to the Circuit House . They allege , in their recently published book ( Gujarat : Behind the Curtain ) , that the Congress leaders even stopped Sonia Gandhi from visiting them .
But for offering a few statements to the media , the Congress was almost invisible during the Sadbhavana fast and rally , launched in September 2011 by the Modi government in Gujarat to make people forget the past and adopt “ development ” as their new mantra .
Your newfound concern towards the Dalits stands on shaky ground .
Just as BSP leader Mayawati has said in the past , when it comes to Dalits , the Congress has done nothing but natak baazi . If the Congress and your legislator had been diligent in your elected role in Una , how could it have been possible for anyone to attack innocent Dalit youth , in full public view , in broad daylight ? What did the legislator do after the attack ? Was a complaint registered by the legislator 's office ? As the main party in opposition in Gujarat , when the Congress has hardly taken up the concerns of Gujarat 's Dalits and Backward Classes , now as you rush to Gujarat to gain political mileage , should the Dalits believe you ?
Of the 33 district committees of Congress in Gujarat , only two are presided over by Dalits . No important posts have been given to Dalits in the Gujarat state unit of the Congress . In October 2014 , 25 Dalit leaders from your party , including a Rajya Sabha member and a legislator from Gujarat , met the Congress high command to seek adequate representation of Dalits in the state unit . What did the Congress do to address the issue ?
More for you to ponder on : The recommendations made by the Thorat committee which investigated caste discrimination of Dalit and Adivasi students in AIIMS , New Delhi , were not implemented by your party 's government . More recently , would you say that the role of the Telangana state government , whom you support , has been insignificant in the case of Rohit Vemula 's death and its aftermath ? Why has the plight of Dalits in Uttar Pradesh , ruled by your favourite ally , Samajwadi Party , escaped your party 's notice ? The concern expressed by the Congress party , which only wakes up when Dalits are attacked , is more harmful than the BJP 's ( and others ' ) role in the growing number of assaults on Dalits .
Quacks administering bogus medicines are more potent than the virus that spread the disease . All said , your slumber is not as harmful as the terminal condition of those Bahujans , who have gone to sleep having trusted you .
Yours Truly ,
A Sleep Buster
( Translated from the original Kannada by Vinutha Mallya )
Shridhar Prabhu is a lawyer based in Bengaluru . They write in Kannada . Their columns have appeared in Kannada Prabha and Vartamana , among other publications .
In all my research and ramblings about foundation garments , I 've come to expect that some people will have prejudices against certain items , like corsets or girdles . But it seems that there 's no unmentionable more reviled or ridiculed than the humble granny panty . ( Just ask Bridget Jones . )
And yet ! Give these knickers some lace insets and call them `` retro high-waisted panties '' and suddenly everyone loves them . ( And will pay upwards of $ 20-38 a pair as well . )
Now , this pair is obviously adorable and I do n't wish to malign them . I just wonder if people know these are essentially the same nylon Vanity Fair briefs that you can buy in any Target , with a little lace slapped on them . You know , the ones that people snicker at !
So , as promised in my title , here is my defense of the granny pant . Which , yes , I do kind of think we should all start calling `` high-waisted retro panties , '' thank you very much .
Advertisement
1 . You 'll get a smooth line .
If you 're looking for an hourglass figure , you ca n't do much better than a longline bra with some high-waisted undergarment on bottom . You do n't want a strip of exposed flesh between your bra and your knickers , ruining your nice shapely curves , do you ? Goodness no !
2 . They work beautifully with retro and vintage clothes , like high-waisted trousers and skirts .
And we all know how important the foundation garment is to the ensemble .
3 . Tummy control .
Nothing 's better than a high-waisted undergarment for a smooth midsection .
4 . No muffin top .
They end where your waist is !
5 . They 're not as frumpy as you think .
I 'd say ditch the nylon varieties , which can be weirdly baggy in all the wrong places . Get a nice microfiber , like these . ( Love the pink color ! ) For more shaping , go with a classic Rago Lacette .
Advertisement
6 . Bettie Page .
Enough said .
7 . You can customize them .
I 've been known to sew stretch lace insets onto the front of my unmentionables and top them off with a cute little bow . ( Tutorial , anyone ? )
Advertisement
8 . They 're perfect with full skirts .
No unexpected breezes ! Snug pencil skirts will require a long leg girdle or Spanx to avoid panty lines , however .
9 . Duh , they 're comfortable .
All right , I 've said my piece . I hope you will join me in my anti-defamation mission for the much-maligned granny panty . Join the cause , sisters !
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on Gertie 's New Blog for Better Sewing . Republished with permission .
Want to see your work here ? Email us !
By Magdalena Mis
LONDON , Dec 23 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - Large parts of Europe , West and Central Africa , and South America face the threat of outbreaks of the deadly dengue virus due to climate change and urbanization , according to the first-ever maps of dengue vulnerability published on Tuesday .
Research by the United Nations University found dengue fever , that is transmitted by the bite of female mosquitoes and causes severe pain , is on the move with the maps pinpointing vulnerable areas as a tool to help prevent outbreaks .
`` Changes to climate could result in increased exposure and pose a serious threat to areas that do not currently experience endemic dengue , '' the report said .
The researchers said as the planet warms , dengue could spread to large parts of Europe and mountainous regions of South America which are too cold currently to sustain mosquito populations year-round .
The disease is also predicted to spread in Central and West Africa which have poor water and sanitation services and insufficient healthcare coverage .
The new maps illustrate the expansion and contraction of dengue vulnerability throughout the year , revealing hotspots and showing where the virus could become a danger so countries can set up surveillance .
`` We 've seen from Ebola that in this global world that we 're living in that infectious diseases can travel around , '' Corinne Schuster-Wallace , senior researcher at the UN University , told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview from Canada .
`` The conditions for these diseases are dynamic over time and given that we 're changing our social and environmental dynamics , the global distribution of these infectious diseases like dengue is going to change . ''
Although the maps are not designed to predict outbreaks , they said if the mosquitoes and the virus arrived in vulnerable areas , dengue would become endemic there .
There is no vaccine for dengue , which kills an estimated 20,000 people each year and infects up to 100 million , according to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
Some experts , however , say the number of people infected each year could be more than the three times the WHO estimate .
England and Wales ' Euro 2016 rivals Russia have been dealt a major injury blow with the news that star midfielder Alan Dzagoev will miss the tournament after breaking a bone in their foot .
The 25-year-old was playing for CSKA Moscow when the injury occurred , and the news was broken by the Russian Football Union ( RFU ) via their website on Sunday .
Krasnodar 's Dmitri Torbinski , 32 , has been called up to replace Dzagoev , who broke a metatarsal during CSKA 's 1-0 win over Rubin Kazan on Saturday as they helped the club win the Russian Premier League title .
Russia and CSKA Moscow midfielder Alan Dzagoev will miss Euro 2016 after breaking a metatarsal in their foot
Dmitri Torbinski , pictured scoring for Russia against Holland at Euro 2008 , has been called up in their place
'This is a big loss for us . It 's sad because they were in great form , ' RFU president Vitaly Mutko told the TASS news agency . 'Dzagoev will be replaced by Torbinski . He 's a great guy and a great player . '
Torbinski , who has scored twice in 28 games for Russia , made their debut in 2007 and helped the national team reach the Euro 2008 semi-finals where they lost to eventual winners Spain .
Audi A4 front parts with emblems are pictured at production line of German car manufacturer 's plant in Ingolstadt Thomson Reuters LISBON ( Reuters ) - Asked by an attendant if they want a personal invoice on a 15 euro purchase in a Lisbon pet shop , Lucia Miranda excitedly addresses their tiny pooch : `` Do we want to win an Audi , au-au ? Yes we do . Sure we want the invoice . ''
It may seem absurd , but the 56-year-old notary is talking sense . A state draw offering fancy cars on invoices issued with individual taxpayer numbers has firmly grabbed the attention of the Portuguese - those hopeful to win and critics alike .
On April 17 , the government will give away the first two Audi A4 sedans in what will then be a weekly draw for a year .
`` The Lucky Invoice '' draw , which will be televised , is aimed at stimulating the fight against tax evasion and the large shadow economy in cash-strapped Portugal where the tax burden is at record levels after years of austerity .
The government says the number of such invoices jumped 45 percent in January - the first month the bills qualified for the lottery - from a year earlier to 46 million .
State Tax Secretary Paulo Nuncio told Reuters that the steep rise `` shows the growing level of consumer adherence to the fight against the parallel economy . '' They estimated that new measures against tax evasion could add between 600 million and 800 million euros in tax revenues in the medium term .
A study by AT Kearney consultants at the end of last year showed that the shadow economy accounted for about one-fifth of Portugal 's gross national product , or over 31 billion euros . At 19 percent of GDP , that was almost 7 points above western Europe 's average . The study acknowledged that Portugal was a forerunner in taking measures to address tax evasion and fraud .
Other measures in Portugal include greater use of electronic invoicing , investment in technology and more tax agents , as well as small tax discounts on personal invoices , in force from last year . Electronic invoices rose 25 percent in January from a year earlier to around 365 million .
Shop and cafe attendants contacted by Reuters say they have not seen any sharp increase in personal invoicing , although hopeful clients who want to take part in the draw are not rare .
`` They do n't come in droves . Those who ask for the invoices usually speak about the draw half in jest , like : ' I would n't have enough money to service that car ' or ' I 'd have to sell it to pay my debts ' , '' said Bebiana Azevedo , 44 , who works in a clothes store in Lisbon .
Critics , including the consumer protection association , say the measure transforms citizens into revenue service agents and may also be used to monitor individual spending by Portuguese , while the 2 million euros worth of cars would have been better spent on social projects and not on mid-range luxury cars .
`` It 's a way to control people and it can give a winner more headaches than joy , especially to elderly . I prefer the normal lottery , '' said Armenio Coelho , a 60-year-old car mechanic .
The draw has given rise to dark humor . One popular caricature depicts a queue of people in rags waiting their turn at a soup kitchen while a loudspeaker above announces : `` Will the owners of Audi A4s and A6s please move their vehicles '' .
Weekly draws will dish out Audi A4 cars , worth some 35,300 euros , and several special draws will offer the pricier luxury A6 that costs around 48,000 euros . The government picked the local distributor of Audis , SIVA , in a tender over the closest competitor BMW .
Customers requesting a bill with their taxpayer number on it in any business establishment automatically qualify for a draw ticket per each 10 euros worth of purchases .
They can verify on the Internet if sellers submitted their invoices to the tax authorities , and in case of any failure on the seller 's behalf can submit the bills themselves .
It is that sort of citizen control of tax payments by businesses that the government wants to stimulate , according to the finance ministry , which also denied suggestions of any monitoring of private spending .
( Reporting By Andrei Khalip ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
The USB Killer is not a toy . Created by a manufacturer based in Hong Kong , USB Kill , it is thumb drive that destroys the physical components of any modern device that it is plugged into .
The thumb drive named USB Kill 2.0 is a testing device created to test USB ports against power surge attacks . How it works ? It simply collects power from the USB power lines until it reaches a certain voltage ( 240V ) . Following which it discharges the stored voltage into the USB data lines . This cycle is rapid and repeated till the device can no longer discharge or in other words , the circuit of the machine is broken or destroyed .
This device may come across as something that a villain from perhaps , a James Bond movie may use . However , the device is not created for evil purposes . According to the tests conducted by USB Kill , over 95 per cent of the devices are affected by a USB power surge attack . In fact , the majority of these consumer-level hardware have failed when tested against the USB Kill . Hence , in order to protect the devices against malicious attacks , something like the USB Kill 2.0 is required that can quickly detect how exposed the USB ports are and ensure that the systems are well protected against electrical attacks .
Unfortunately , despite the increasing prominence USB Kill 2.0 has gained in the recent past , not many companies have taken that much interest in the same .
“ To this day , according to our testing , the only company that releases hardware protected against a USB power-surge attack is Apple , on their Laptop and Desktop ranges . This means - despite adequate warning , and time to respond - the majority of consumer-level hardware manufacturers choose not to protect their customer 's devices . We are disheartened by this lack of respect for customers , ” said the organization .
The device is available on the company 's official website at 49,95 € ( approximately 3,759 rupees ) .
Click on Deccan Chronicle Technology and Science for the latest news and reviews . Follow us on Facebook , Twitter .
Two attorneys at the powerful law firm Balch & Bingham are being indicted , along with a vice president at the Drummond Company , which owns ABC Coke .
The counts in the indictment include conspiracy , bribery , honest services fraud and money laundering conspiracy . Joel Gilbert and Steven McKinney are the attorneys with Balch & Bingham being charged . David Roberson is the vice president at Drummond .
The indictment says the three men bribed former state representative Oliver Robinson , who reached a plea deal with the U.S. Attorney 's Office earlier this year .
They paid Robinson to work on Environmental issues in North Birmingham . The indictment says Robinson used their position as a member of the state legislature to support Balch & Bingham and Drummond Company 's opposition to EPA actions in North Birmingham .
In 2014 , the EPA designated an area of North Birmingham a Super Fund Site based on elevated levels of arsenic and lead . They sent a letter to ABC Coke and others who were potentially responsible .
Any company deemed responsible could be on the hook for tens of millions of dollars in cleanup and fines .
Oliver Robinson had their day in court , now the men accused of bribing them will have theirs .
Jack Sharman , an attorney for Joel Gilbert , already sent us this statement which reads in part :
Joel Gilbert is innocent of these charges . They did not bribe anyone . This is a case that never should have been brought . Joel represented a client in a legal dispute with the EPA , a powerful and , in this case , over-reaching federal agency . Everything they did while representing that client was lawful and ethical . They are a longtime partner at a leading law firm .
At noon , the U.S. Attorney 's office will hold a news conference to provide additional details on the indictment .
Watch it here :
Mobile users can view the news conference
On a sunny afternoon in New York last Thursday , skywriters left cryptic messages over Manhattan .
Skywriters over @ CentralParkNYC right now :
“ NE METLU TURKLIM EVENE ” — Josh Weinberger ( @ kitson ) April 20 , 2016
Skywriters just wrote “ gr8 ally Turkey Turkey truth ' across BK while a police copter hovered , so weird ! pic.twitter.com/lPnTUno0hY — Lori ( @ TheResident ) April 20 , 2016
Other messages read : “ TRUTH : PEACE , ” “ STOP : PYD : PKK : ASALA : DAESH , ” “ RUSSIA + ARMENIA , ” “ # LET HISTORY DECIDE , ” “ 101 YEARS OF GENO-LIE , ” and a Web address , “ FACT CHECK ARMENIA.COM . ”
For a few sky gazers , the last two messages made the purpose of the show clear .
some skywriters just advertised an armenian genocide denial website over my dorm — Matt Kenney ( @ JKSimmonsBieber ) April 20 , 2016
And for the more politically oriented , the attempt , accompanied with a dance troupe near the Brooklyn Bridge a day earlier , was a failed attempt to erase 1915 mass-killing of as many as 1.5 million Armenians .
If you need to hire skywriters to write this in the skies of NY , you may just not be that “ GR8 ally ” . pic.twitter.com/opNx2esQVa — Gilgo ( @ agirecudi ) April 21 , 2016
I want to meet the PR genius who convinced someone that skywriting “ Fact Check Armenia ” over NYC was a good strategy . — Tom Breen ( @ TJBreen ) April 21 , 2016
Besides the outraged American-Armenians on Twitter , the performance did n't receive much local coverage . A short report by News 12 Brooklyn claimed , “ Turkish , Armenian communities walk to show unity ” by interviewing only the Turkish organizer and hired dancers , but no one from the NYC 's Armenian community .
Editors of News 12 and the reporter , Dana Arschin , who claims to be a “ Holocaust Educator , ” did not return our requests for comment .
The organization that sponsored the skywriting and the dance performance is called The Turkish Institute For Progress . The organization 's website names Derya Taskin , whom News 12 interviewed , as the president and sole member , but it does not disclose its financial backers . Taskin 's office rejected our repeated requests for comment , as it did to other reporters .
Last year , the same group published a sponsored post on Reuters , claiming that Russia and Armenia undermine U.S. national security interests . Reuters placed a disclaimer over the text to make clear that it took no responsibility for the content and later deleted it . The article is , however , still available at its paid source , PR Newswire , which features more “ news releases ” from the group that claims FactCheckArmenia.com is “ a website dedicated to exposing Armenian distortions and hypocrisies . ”
FactCheckArmenia.com is in fact a genocide-denial website that aims to counter historical facts about Armenian Genocide , commemorated every year on April 24 . Similar to the Turkish Institute for Progress and the Turkic Platform , which pays for ads for the site since last year , the website is not transparent about who backs the campaign , and its creators hide behind proxies to conceal their identities and ignore journalists ' questions . But they have enough resources to appear as ad results of a Google search for “ Armenian Genocide , ” to buy promoted tweets on Twitter , and to get featured in a photo gallery on Turkey 's official news agency , Anadolu Agency .
Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs ' support to the “ genocide denial ” campaign over Twitter , via the account @ FCArmenia , hints at an official nature of this relationship . For example , this tweet by Turkey 's Houston Consulate taking pride in covering streets with posters prepared by the Fact Check Armenia :
Turkey 's genocide-denial campaign in the U.S. is maintained under the name of these small organizations , which gather around the Turkish American Steering Committee ( TASC ) , where Taskin sits on the board . TASC is also instrumental for Turkish pro-government business investments in the U.S .
TASC and Turkish associations united against lies and distortions , calling for peace , not hatred . @ FCArmenia pic.twitter.com/AOkFIsR8k8 — TRConsulateChicago ( @ TRConsulChicago ) April 13 , 2016
But the real financier of the broad lobbying effort is the Turkish government itself . A Washington Post article from 2010 states , “ The Turkish government has spent millions on Washington lobbying over the past decade ” for Armenian Genocide denial . A more recent account puts that tag about $ 5 million for annual lobbying efforts on record . Indeed , in 2014 , the Turkish embassy in Washington , D.C. , has paid $ 1.4 million to Alpaytac Public Relations company alone , according to FARA records released by the Department of Justice .
This year , the genocide-denial campaign got more aggressive after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's already strained visit to Washington , D.C. , turned into a PR nightmare after journalists were physically assaulted by Erdoğan 's bodyguards at the Brookings Institute . Last week , full-page ads on Wall Street Journal promoted Turkey 's denial website , and earlier , billboards that claim Armenians are liars were placed near the Armenian Genocide memorial site in Boston . The billboards were promptly removed by Clear Channel after an area resident , Elizabeth Weinbloom , complained about it on Twitter .
Fact Check Armenia then began to harass Weinbloom on Twitter and Facebook :
Hi @ LizWeinbl There are 100s of billboards like this throughout the country . Come on , take them down if you can ! 💪 😁 pic.twitter.com/eBDDlIAj9L — Fact Check Armenia ( @ FCArmenia ) April 14 , 2016
Oh boy . The genocide denialists found me on FB too . Folks in other cities with the billboards , please raise a fuss . pic.twitter.com/I7SC9oHIui — Elizabeth Weinbloom ( @ LizWeinbl ) April 14 , 2016
As some skeptical Twitter users revealed , only a quarter of the followers of the @ FCArmenia account appears to be real . Its number of followers increased from 2,000 to 42,000 since October—a boost similar to that of politically motivated scam accounts used by pro-government Turkish social media operatives—perhaps thanks to a ‘ large scale ' social media campaign revealed in a job posting issued by Taskin 's staffing office in January this year .
Certainly , the millions paid by Turkey for the lobbying is not in vain : Obama did not , for the eighth time , refer to the Armenian Genocide as a “ genocide ” this year , breaking an electoral campaign promise they made in 2008 . But as the lobbying occurs mostly behind closed doors , and since Turkey 's strategic importance does not need aerial stunts over Manhattan , the performance was meant for another audience : the people of Turkey .
In stark contrast to non-existent U.S. coverage and the rather negative international coverage , the skywriting over NYC was reported with pride and joy on Turkish media . State news agency assigned a photographer to cover the scenes of skywriting and the dance troupe , which Turkish pro-government papers reported as “ Turkish festival in New York , ” while PR agencies from Istanbul , posing as foreign press , reported the events as the “ Turkish-Armenian reconciliation . ”
With increasing censorship at home and concerning paranoia abroad , Turkey wanted a moment of attention ; but other than the Armenian descendants it upset , most New Yorkers seem to miss the point of scribbles in the clouds .
The Beer Store 's private monopoly is facing another legal challenge , this time from an entrepreneur who wants to open a chain of craft brew shops .
Michael Hassell has sent the Ontario government a 60-day notice that they will ask a court to strike down the law that gives the Beer Store a monopoly on retailing beer in the province . The 34-year-old Toronto lawyer is the founder of Barge Craft Beer , a company looking to start up a series of stores specializing in microbrews . Such boutiques are commonplace everywhere from New York to Vancouver , but are banned in Ontario .
`` Craft brewers make the best stuff . It 's great . But getting it to market is the number one hurdle – they 've got this legislative monopoly to deal with , '' Mr. Hassell said in an interview Wednesday . `` It really cuts everybody else out of the market . ''
Story continues below advertisement
The Beer Store is privately owned by three big beer companies – Molson Coors , Labatt ( owned by Belgium-based AB InBev ) and Sleeman ( owned by Japan 's Sapporo ) . Any other brewer who wants to sell in its stores must pay the Beer Store fees to do so .
This cartel arrangement is already under heavy fire .
Banker Ed Clark , an adviser to Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne , last fall called for the Beer Store owners to pay the province a franchising fee in exchange for keeping their monopoly . Mr. Clark also said the Beer Store unfairly hurts craft brewers by offering better placement for beers from the big three beer companies , while relegating independent brands to bottom shelves and hard-to-spot corners .
Then , Burlington , Ont. , pub owner David Hughes launched a class-action suit against the Beer Store on behalf of all beer drinkers in the province . Separately , Restaurants Canada , an association of the country 's restauranteurs , complained about the Beer Store to the Competition Bureau .
The government has promised to follow Mr. Clark 's advice and shake up the system . Their final report is expected in a few weeks ' time .
`` I am going to proceed with redesigning and reassessing the Beer Store , '' provincial Finance Minister Charles Sousa said on their way into a cabinet meeting at Queen 's Park Wednesday . `` We 're going to maximize the benefits to consumers and protect the industry at the same time . ''
Beer Store spokesperson Bill Walker said the company will not comment on Mr. Hassell 's suit . The Beer Store is not a party to the action , which is directed solely at the government .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Last week , in a bid to defuse the growing criticism , the Beer Store opened ownership to all Ontario-based brewers . But the move fell flat , with many craft brewers dismissing it as window-dressing . Even if craft brewers bought into the Beer Store , the three big multinational owners would still retain control of the company .
The Beer Store started in 1927 as a co-operative of Ontario brewers . Over the years , through various mergers and acquisitions , the original owners were reduced to just Molson , Labatt and Sleeman , each of which later became part of a foreign multinational .
Mr. Hassell 's legal action seeks to strike down Subsection 3 ( e ) of the Liquor Control Act , which gives the Beer Store its monopoly . In their notice , they argue the monopoly is `` an unreasonable restraint of trade , contrary to equitable principles of fairness , '' and `` detrimental to Ontario 's economy . ''
Craft brewers , they say , often create a dozen or more different beers every year , but can get only a fraction of those sold through the Beer Store .
`` Consumers would love access to more , '' they said . `` With a craft beer store , you 'd be able to run a humongous selection of beers that is unlike anything Ontario consumers have seen before . ''
Prince Edward Island ( PEI ) may only be 224km long and 6-64km wide , but it is still a must-see place for many people from all over the world . It 's capital , Charlottetown , is known as the birthplace of Canada where leaders met back in 1864 to discuss the formation of Canada . The Island is alive with music and festivals all summer long making it a must-see destination . The crescent shape of the island is perfect for a leisurely drive around the island . The Island is known for it 's rich red soil which is formed from sedimentary bed rock of soft , red sandstone .
Prince Edward Island has over 90 beaches with reddish sand , sand dunes and red sandstone cliffs which create the perfect background for swimming and boating . The Northern beaches are known as a haven for windsurfers , birdwatchers and beach-combers while The Southern beaches are known for their warm waters for swimming .
There are three ways to get to PEI . You could always fly , but most people prefer to arrive by either going across the Confederation Bridge or by Ferry ( or vice versa ) . The Confederation Bridge , which was opened in 1997 , joins the Provinces of New Brunswick and PEI . It is the longest bridge in the world over ice-covered water and is almost 13km long and takes 12 minutes to drive across . It was built to withstand the harsh weather conditions , including ice floes , of Canadian winters and is seen as an engineering marvel . You only pay on departure from the Island , or as many Islanders like to say , “ If you decide to leave ” .
One of the reasons that over 350,000 visitors from all around the world come to visit PEI on a yearly basis , is because of the beloved novel “ Anne of Green Gables “ . Anne of Green Gables is actually a series of books that tells the story of a red-haired orphan girl that is mistakenly sent to a couple that wanted a boy . It has been made into movies for both the big screen and the small screen as well as several TV series , including an animated one . 2008 marked the 100th Anniversary of the publication . The books have been translated into 15 different languages and have sold more than 50 million copies . The “ Green Gable House ” as well as several museums and sites mentioned in the books , are must see destinations for any Anne of Green Gable fan . While you 're there , do n't forget to take in the theatrical performance of “ Anne of Green Gables ” which runs every summer at the Charlottetown Festival .
Prince Edward Island has a lot to offer for anyone regardless of how old or young they may be . It is a perfect tourist destination for the whole family as well as a beautiful relaxing vacation/honeymoon stop . You can enjoy the festivals or just go for a quiet walk on the beach if you like . Prince Edward Island is a place that you should visit if you ever have the chance to .
Disclaimer : All the images are copyright of their respected owners and creators . This post is about just to show their creative ideas and inspiration wonders to the world . Please contact us if anyone want to remove their work .
Category : Headline , North America
Rob Fahey Wednesday 22nd May 2013 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Microsoft Microsoft Corporation
E3 is only three weeks away . That might be important - it might , in fact , be central to Microsoft 's thinking . Perhaps the company thought that , with the annual gaming jamboree fast-approaching , it could bundle all of the excruciating corporate newspeak and market positioning nonsense into a brief one-hour press conference and then - with appropriate lip service and homage paid to the twin gods of broadcast TV and American sports - it could rapidly move on to an E3 focused almost exclusively on games , delighting the core audience so much that they 'll utterly forget a coming-out party that seemed to imply a jumped-up cable box that merely plays games as an afterthought .
`` Here is a company which is so arrogantly confident in its dominance of the core gaming space that it believes it no longer has anything to prove ''
I sincerely hope that 's the case - that Microsoft is keeping its powder dry for E3 . It 's an odd and probably deeply misguided communications strategy , since the firm completely held the specialist press ' attention for the days surrounding its unveiling event and could have used that to set the tone for E3 . Instead , whatever wonders it pulls out of the bag at E3 must now act first and foremost as damage control , a job made tougher by sharing the airwaves with what will no doubt be a massive charm offensive on Sony 's part . Still , while such a muddled reveal is n't a great start , the firm did tease 15 exclusive launch window titles , eight of them new IPs - an E3 focused with laser precision on that line-up would cover up early stumbles nicely .
That assumes , of course , that Microsoft understands and accepts that what happened this week was a stumble . There 's a more pessimistic interpretation , one to which core consumers have been quick to leap - that Microsoft genuinely believes in the way it positioned Xbox One ( a daft name , but we got used to `` Wii '' so I suppose we 've proved that daft names are n't much of a stumbling block ) . That here is a company which is so arrogantly confident in its dominance of the core gaming space that it believes it no longer has anything to prove - that it can take for granted the support of core gamers and early adopters , instead focusing its energies from the outset on television , movies , sports , music and , er , Skype .
If that sounds familiar , it 's probably because - like me - you watched the Xbox One reveal with strong flashbacks to exactly the kind of hubris and arrogant assumption which dogged and ultimately crippled Sony 's launch of the PlayStation 3 . Rather than seeking to enrapture and engage the tens of millions of core gamers upon whose support a successful hardware launch might be built , Sony simply assumed that they would support PS3 no matter what - a line of reasoning which led to a ludicrous price point ( they 'll get second jobs to afford one , remember ? ) for a system openly intended as vehicle for the nascent Blu-ray movie standard and both designed and promoted as a home entertainment hub rather than a games device . Core gamers , in the end , demurred in large numbers , preferring Microsoft 's upstart Xbox 360 . There 's always a choice , and having usurped Sony 's market dominance only a few scant years ago , you 'd think that Microsoft would recall that brand loyalty - quite rightly - does n't run all that deep .
`` The tone and content of Microsoft 's announcement should also rankle , and deeply concern , shareholders and analysts ''
The tone of Microsoft 's event rankled gamers , for good reason - the reveal of a game console which focuses so heavily on how good it is at controlling television shows and movies shows basic disregard for the reasons most people watching the reveal online have to actually buy game consoles . Do not , however , fall into the trap of thinking that Microsoft 's reveal only slighted gamers in order to delight the business community . In reality , the tone and content of Microsoft 's announcement should also rankle , and deeply concern , shareholders and analysts .
Television is in trouble . It may not look like that from some angles , given the immense critical and audience success of shows like Breaking Bad , Mad Men or Game of Thrones , but the business model on which television has based itself - especially in the United States - is creaking at the seams . With the decline in the value of advertising ( caused by the rapid fragmentation of the audience - only huge events like the Superbowl , which guarantee a large , unified audience , have held their value for advertisers ) , everything in that industry now boils down to the cable subscription model . If you want to watch a TV show , you end up paying an exorbitant amount of money every month to subscribe to dozens if not hundreds of TV channels you 'll never watch .
Consequently , two things have happened . Firstly , a whole generation of consumers has bowed out of the legitimate model entirely . Despite the efforts of media firms to crack down on piracy of TV shows , the tide has not been stemmed in the slightest ; TV episodes find their way onto pirate services within minutes of broadcast and are watched in that manner by a vast swathe of consumers . No legal or technical adjustment short of the most insane and wicked invasion of the privacy of every citizen - honest or otherwise - is going to stop that from happening . What has helped , though , is the emergence of a new business model , with companies like Hulu , Lovefilm and the daddy of them all , Netflix , stepping into the breach . Netflix is now , by hours watched , the most popular and successful TV network in North America . It 's started making its own high-budget , high-profile TV shows . If every cable network in the US is n't terrified of it , then they 've not been paying attention .
It 's against this background that Microsoft has seemingly decided that the most important thing about the new Xbox One is how well it plays with your cable box . Of course , it 'll play Netflix as well , but so does just about every device you own . The core of Microsoft 's strategy to `` dominate the living room '' seems to be that its box will be good at streaming content from providers to whom you pay a subscription fee entirely independent of Microsoft 's ecosystem , and whose content will , incidentally , work perfectly well without an Xbox One in the equation . Without an Xbox One you wo n't be able to wave your hands to control it , but then again , nobody I know who owns a Samsung Smart TV actually uses the hand-waving control system anyway , other than to show house guests how broken and annoying it is .
`` A business strategy which in five years time will probably look about as wise as launching a game console that plays VHS tapes ''
It 's for this - a business strategy which in five years time will probably look about as wise as launching a game console that plays VHS tapes - that Microsoft has chosen to alienate and annoy its core consumer base at what should have been a triumphant coming-out party . Microsoft achieved absolutely remarkable , wonderful things with the Xbox 360 ; Xbox One should build on all of those things and be a system that gamers simply can not do without . Perhaps it is that system , and perhaps we 'll see that at E3 , but we did n't see it during the reveal .
Meanwhile , all the murkiest rumours about Xbox One refuse to be dispelled . It can not have escaped Microsoft 's notice that consumers and press alike are deeply concerned over the system 's online requirements and its policies with regard to used software . Yet rather than smiling graciously on stage and saying `` of course not ! `` , earning brownie points and clearing the air with a single phrase , or even explaining their approach in clear , humble terms , earning at least some respect , Microsoft executives ignored the issue in their presentation and subsequently equivocated in interviews , ducking and dodging around questions regarding second-hand software ( or even the ability to lend games to friends without incurring a charge ) . We still do n't know exactly what the firm has in mind , but it 's safe to assume that it 's going to be a pretty flagrant violation of consumers ' existing rights and behaviours - because if it was n't , then they would n't be dodging the question , would they ?
If consumers felt left out in the cold by a party which was supposed to be about games but ended up being all about TV and live sports , then spare a thought for developers . After the developer love-in that was the PS4 announcement , where Sony laid out the red carpet to invite creators of all shapes and sizes to come and play in its garden ( formerly walled , now surrounded with something more akin to a picket hedge ) , you might have expected Microsoft to give some kind of nod in a similar direction . Not so . The only third-party bodies on the stage were from EA ( who showed FIFA ) and Activision ( who dutifully showed up to stun the world by confirming that they 're making another Call of Duty game ) . The broad , thriving community of independent developers and creators who have turned out so many of the great games of the past half-decade did n't even warrant a wink and a nod . Like so many other things , that can be fixed at E3 , but the contrast in tone to Sony 's invitation will not go unnoticed . ( The missed opportunity to have Steve Ballmer run on stage reprising their `` developers , developers , developers , developers ! '' routine is also disappointing , of course . )
Do I sound unimpressed ? Well , I was seriously unimpressed . It 's only the first hour of Xbox One , but it suggested a company that 's curiously both mired in arrogance and somewhat directionless . I do n't know who the Xbox One reveal was meant to appeal to , other than the TV executives whose egos it massaged . Worse ; I 'm not sure that Microsoft knows who they 're meant to be appealing to . The company is desperate to head off Apple in the consumer space , and Xbox One right now feels less like a competitor to Sony 's heavily games-focused PS4 and more like a pre-emptive shot at a hypothetical future version of the Apple TV .
`` Xbox One feels less like a competitor to Sony 's heavily games-focused PS4 and more like a pre-emptive shot at a hypothetical future version of the Apple TV ''
That 's unfortunate , because it brings to mind something rather uncomfortable . Xbox 360 was a fantastic system - probably the best thing Microsoft has ever done in the consumer space , and unquestionably one of the best games consoles ever created . Xbox One should remind us of that , but instead it 's hard not to think of other products Microsoft has created since the 360 - products like Zune , Surface , Windows Phone and latterly , Windows 8 . Products which have , even when they 've been rather good ( as Windows Phone is ) , completely failed to ignite interest from consumers . In fact , in terms of consumer entertainment products , Microsoft has had one hit - Xbox 360 - in the midst of a litany of failure ( it 's fair to note , though , that Sony has its fair share of dodos as well , Vita being only the most recent ) . Xbox One needs to replicate the factors that made Xbox 360 into a success . This week , we saw none of that ; we saw a console that felt less like an Xbox and more like a Microsoft Product , with all the baggage that brings . We can only cross our fingers and hope that with the dull rubbish out of the way , Microsoft is now preparing an E3 showing that will really light the touchpaper for the next console war .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Good news for medical pot smokers : The $ 1.1 trillion federal spending bill approved by the Senate on Saturday has effectively ended the longstanding federal war on medical marijuana . An amendment to the bill blocks the Department of Justice from spending money to prosecute medical marijuana dispensaries or patients that abide by state laws .
“ Patients will have access to the care legal in their state without fear of federal prosecution , ” Rep. Sam Farr ( D-Calif. ) , a supporter of the rider known as the Hinchey-Rohrbacher amendment , said in a statement . “ And our federal dollars will be spent more wisely on fighting actual crimes and not wasted going after patients . ”
The DOJ 's earlier pledge not to interfere with state pot laws left it plenty of wiggle room .
The Department of Justice last year pledged not to interfere with the implementation of state pot laws , but the agency 's truce left it with plenty of room to change its mind . Earlier this year , for instance , the DOJ accused the Kettle Falls Five , a family in Washington State , of growing 68 marijuana plants on their farm in Eastern Washington , where pot is legal . Members of the family face up to 10 years in jail—or at least , they did ; the amendment may now stop their prosecution .
More broadly , the change provides some added peace of mind for pot patients in California , where the DOJ 's pledge appeared not to apply . The Golden State 's 1996 medical pot law , the first in the nation , has long been criticized by the DOJ as too permissive and decentralized .
Medical marijuana activists hailed the amendment 's passage as a landmark moment for patients ' rights . “ By approving this measure , Congress is siding with the vast majority of Americans who are calling for change in how we enforce our federal marijuana laws , ” said Mike Liszewski , Government Affairs Director for Americans for Safe Access .
The CRomnibus spending bill was n't a universal victory of marijuana advocates , however . Another rider aims to prevent the District of Columbia from legalizing marijuana ; it prohibits federal funds being “ used to enact any law , rule , or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession , use , or distribution of any schedule I substance. ” But Reason ‘ s Jacob Sullum notes that the rider may be moot because DC 's pot law has already been “ enacted ” by voters—it passed at the polls in November by a 2-to-1 margin .
Whatever the outcome in DC , the appropriations bill is an undisputed win for pot smokers . As Slate ‘ s Josh Voorhes points out , “ the District is home to roughly 640,000 people ; California , one of 23 states were medical pot is legal , is home to more than 38 million. ” In short , Congress has done a bit of temporary weed whacking in its backyard , but it 's acknowledging that stopping the repeal of pot prohibitions by the states is all but impossible .
KIEV – Ukraine 's opposition leaders signed an EU-mediated peace pact with President Viktor Yanukovich on Friday , winning a raft of concessions in a delicate deal to end violence that killed at least 77 people and turned the capital into a battle zone .
By nightfall , opposition leaders who signed the deal were addressing peaceful crowds from a stage in Independence Square , which for the past 48 hours had become an inferno of blazing barricades , where protesters were shot dead by police snipers .
But the crowd was still defiant , holding aloft open coffins of slain demonstrators and making speeches denouncing the opposition leaders for shaking hands with Yanukovich .
If it holds , the deal – hammered out with the mediation efforts of the foreign ministers of France , Germany and Poland – would mark a victory for Europe in a tug-of-war with Moscow for influence in the divided ex-Soviet state of 46 million people .
But it remains to be seen whether violence can be halted and whether a lurch away from Moscow will cost Ukraine a $ 15 billion Russian financial lifeline it needs to stave off bankruptcy .
Under pressure to quit from mass demonstrations in Kiev , Russian-backed Yanukovich agreed to create a national unity government , change the constitution to reduce their powers and leave office early for new elections .
`` There are no steps that we should not take to restore peace in Ukraine , '' the president said in announcing their concessions before the agreement was signed . `` I announce that I am initiating early elections . ''
Within hours , parliament voted to revert to a previous constitution slashing Yanukovich 's prerogatives , sacked their interior minister blamed for this week 's bloodshed and amended the criminal code to pave the way to release their rival , jailed opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko .
EU leaders and the White House praised what European Council President Herman Van Rompuy called a `` necessary compromise '' . Moscow made grudging comments that fell short of endorsing the deal . The European envoys signed the document as witnesses , but a Russian envoy did not .
That envoy , Vladimir Lukin , acknowledged that Moscow had fallen behind the EU in the latest diplomacy : `` The EU representatives were in their own way trying to be useful , they started the talks .
`` We joined the talks later , which was n't very right . One should have agreed on the format of the talks right from the start , '' Lukin was quoted as saying by Interfax news agency .
Yanukovich , 63 , a towering former Soviet regional transport official with two convictions for assault , did not smile during a signing ceremony at the presidential headquarters . Opposition leader Vitaly Klitschko , a retired world boxing champion , switched their nameplate to avoid sitting next to the president .
Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski described the agreement as a `` good compromise for Ukraine '' . It `` gives peace a chance . Opens the way for reform and to Europe , '' they tweeted .
It fell to Sikorski to sell the deal to the skeptical opposition . ITN video filmed outside a meeting room during a break in the talks showed them pleading with opposition delegates to accept it : `` If you do n't support this , you 'll have martial law , you 'll have the army , you 'll all be dead . ''
PROTESTERS STAND THEIR GROUND
Anti-government protesters remained encamped in Independence Square , known as the Maidan or `` Euro-Maidan '' , and made clear their dissatisfaction at a deal that would leave Yanukovich in power until the early elections later this year .
Shortly after the signing ceremony , an open coffin carrying one of the dead from Thursday 's violence , was borne across the square as a bare-chested drummer beat out a funeral tattoo with people chanting `` Heroes do n't die ! Bandits out ! ''
Some car horns hooted and fireworks were lit to celebrate the accord , but many activists were suspicious , noting that Yanukovich had cut deals before and was still in office .
When the three opposition politicians who signed the deal addressed the crowd in the evening , another coffin carrying a victim was borne through the crowd to the stage , apparently catching the leaders off guard . After another open coffin was held aloft by the crowd , a protester wearing battle-fatigues leapt to the microphone in front of the opposition leaders .
`` My comrade was shot and our leaders shake the hand of a murderer . It 's a disgrace ! '' they said to roars of approval . `` If it is not announced by 10:00 tomorrow that Yanukovich is gone , we 're going to attack with weapons . ''
Earlier Klitschko drew cat-calls and derisive whistling from the crowd when they praised as `` very important '' their political achievements during the day . They later apologised for shaking Yanukovich 's hand , telling the crowd : `` If I offended anyone , I ask their forgiveness . ''
That was n't enough for 35-year-old Volodymir from the western city of Lviv near the Polish border : `` We wo n't follow Klitschko and the rest of them . They shook hands with a gangster and danced with the devil . ''
POLICE IN PARLIAMENT
Earlier in the day , armed police briefly entered the parliament building while lawmakers were in emergency session but were quickly ejected . Members traded punches when speaker Volodymyr Rybak tried to adjourn proceedings .
If fully implemented , the deal would be a severe setback for Russian President Vladimir Putin , who had made tying Ukraine into a Moscow-led Eurasian Union a cornerstone of their efforts to reunite as much as possible of the former Soviet Union .
Moscow has maintained that the protesters were terrorists and coup plotters , had denounced the West for supporting them and encouraged Yanukovich to crush them .
`` This is not democracy , this is anarchy and chaos . And we 'll see what comes out of it , '' Alexei Pushkov , head of Russia 's State Duma foreign affairs committee and a member of Putin 's United Russia party told Reuters , although they said the accord would be positive if it ended the violence .
Washington took a back seat in the final phase of negotiations after a senior U.S. official was recorded using an expletive to disparage EU diplomacy on an unsecured telephone line last month .
The future of Ukraine 's economy , heavily indebted and dependent on Moscow for energy imports , remains unclear . Putin had promised $ 15 billion in aid after Yanukovich turned their back on a far-reaching economic deal with the EU in November , and Russia has not made clear whether it will still pay .
Ukraine cancelled a planned issue of 5-year Eurobonds worth $ 2 billion , it told the Irish Stock Exchange where the debt would have been listed . Kiev had hoped Russia would buy the bonds to help it stave off bankruptcy .
Ratings agency Standard & Poor 's cut Ukraine 's credit rating for the second time in three weeks on Friday , citing the increased risk of default . S & P said the latest developments made it less likely that Ukraine would receive Russian aid .
RBS analyst Tatyana Orlova noted the country was still in dire financial straits . `` This is not the end of the story . What I am reading is there is a deal but the devil is in the detail … The urgent need is for a technocratic cabinet that could take steps to avert default , '' Orlova said .
KUSA—There is a chance the Denver Broncos may replace the free-agent departure of Ronnie Hillman with Ronnie Hillman .
The Broncos have exchanged contract proposals with the running back , according to two NFL sources . Hillman hit the free-agent market March 9 after spending their first four NFL seasons in Denver . A third-round draft pick in 2012 , Hillman was a backup their first two seasons to Knowshon Moreno , then emerged into an off-and-on starter the past two years .
Hillman , the speed back , started ahead of C.J . Anderson , the powerful back , for 12 consecutive games last season , although they swapped roles for Super Bowl 50 .
Hillman rushed for 863 regular-season yards in 2015 to Anderson 's 720 . But Anderson rushed for 90 yards on 23 carries in the Broncos ' Super Bowl 50 win while Hillman had 0 yards on 5 carries .
Anderson parlayed a low tender as a restricted free agent into a new four-year , $ 18 million contract that will pay them $ 6 million this year . It 's safe to assume the Broncos ' offer to Hillman was n't that rich .
Even if the Broncos do sign Hillman they are expected to select a running back with one of their 10 draft picks later this month .
Copyright 2016 KUSA
Friday , in a nationally broadcast interview on NPR Morning Edition , supposedly in response to allegations of Russian hacking of the DNC , President Barack Obama stated menacingly , `` I think there is no doubt that , when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections , that we need to take action , and we will , at a time and place of our choosing . Some of it may be explicit and publicized ; some of it may not be . But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this , because I spoke to them directly about it . ''
LaRouche said , “ These words are a threat to murder people of importance . This is what their [ step ] father taught him. ” LaRouche called on citizens to `` watch this guy , that they do n't kill . '' They are publicly threatening the world . `` The nations of the planet are now threatened by Obama 's plan for mass killing of people ... ''
Then at their White House press conference this afternoon , Obama repeated their threat against `` Russian hacking . '' They said that they told Russia `` to stop it , and indicated there will be consequences when they do it ... Our goal continues to be to send a clear message to Russia . '' Further , Obama concurred with the CNN White House reporter 's summation , that `` The President thinks Vladimir Putin authorized the hack . ''
The charge of Russian interference in elections itself smells to high heaven , given that month after month , no evidence has been produced that would demonstrate Russia 's guilt , but only incessantly-repeated assertions . Today , Russian presidential spokesperson , Dmitry Peskov said that the United States should stop groundlessly accusing Russia of intervention . `` They should either stop talking about that , or produce some proof at last . ''
On Thursday , Obama Administration intelligence officials outright refused to go to Congress , when requested to do so by the House Intelligence Committee , to provide evidence in a close-door session . There have been multiple indications that other intelligence agencies do not agree with the CIA Director John Brennan 's conclusion about Russian hacking .
The danger comes in from Obama 's predilection for murder—and the fact that they are soon to be out of office , where they will have neither executive powers nor protection from possible prosecution for their crimes .
Look at the Obama record . There are their Tuesday target meetings to draw up victim-lists for killing-by-drones . There are the continued deployments of American men and women to their harm and death , in U.S. military service in the 16 years of Obama/Bush/British regime-change wars ( Iraq , Afghanistan , Syria , Libya ) . Stateside , there are mass numbers of citizens suffering and dying from the Obama economic disaster , which they call a successful recovery . Drug overdose and death rates are soaring .
Look at Obama 's history . They come by killing from their own upbringing , LaRouche has stressed many times . Their step-father , Lolo Soetoro in Indonesia , was a killer-operative in the subversion and slaughter ( 1965-66 ) to bring down the government of President Sukarno . Obama wrote in their autobiography of how they learned that during that time , that killing the weak is what the strong do . ( Dreams from My Father )
LaRouche noted that , `` internationally right now , we have people leading a world program for development and peace [ the Eurasian New Silk Road , with Pres . Xi Jinping , along with Pres . Putin and others ] , but “ Obama will not just let things get by peacefully. ” They will kill ; then the problem comes in , and it 's a bloody mess . '' LaRouche emphasized that , `` The signals are all there . Obama has made it clear . ''
LaRouche called for taking action to warn people . `` Obama has made repeated efforts to show their readiness for large-scale killing in the United States and other nations . '' What needs to be done , is `` to shut down Obama , '' to prevent what they intend to do .
U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal ( D-Conn. ) may have been the victim of a Twitter hoax .
As WCBS 880 's Mike Smeltz reported , someone claiming to be Linda Flores using the Twitter handle @ LindaFl1257 tweeted Thursday that they interned for Blumenthal 40 years ago and they sexually assaulted them “ countless times. ” The tweet ended with the hashtag # MeToo .
The message immediately started popping up around the internet . But as Smeltz reported , there are some oddities about the account behind the tweet .
First , the location of the user claimed to be in Cheshire , Connecticut , but Cheshire was misspelled . Second , the photo of the user changed between two different women .
One of them seemed to be another person named Linda Flores who lives in Texas and has tweeted that someone has stolen their picture and should not be believed . Another photo was of a human resources director at a company in Manchester , England .
The @ LindaFl1257 has since been suspended by Twitter , Smeltz reported .
A spokesperson for the senator said in a statement the allegations are completely false and they are investigating the untrue claims .
Maybe I 'm deluding myself , but it seems to me that we 're not hearing as much as we used to about “ real Americans ” – the notion that the true essence of the nation is white people living in small towns , associated these days with Sarah Palin , but also invoked by what's-his-name , the guy who lived in the White House between President Clinton and President Obama and misled the country into war . But I 'm sure that 's still how a lot of people on the right see it .
What made me think about that concept is something similar that I 've noticed about the reaction to my writings . Often , I find , the most rage-filled emails and voice mail messages come after I 've written something fairly economistic . And , typically , part of the rant is something along the lines of : “ You call yourself an economist ? ”
You see , the person delivering the rant has a notion of what economics is ; they ( it 's almost always a ) believes that “ real economics ” is about singing the praises of the free market – basically Capitalism Roolz . It 's inconceivable to them that you could have a more nuanced view without being a Marxist . He 's outraged both that I have the temerity to claim that I 'm doing economics and that other people seem to take me seriously . And it 's not just random Tea Partiers who think this way – so do TV business show hosts and some famous economists , too .
What 's really odd is that you can hardly imagine a time when the evidence was less supportive of that view . We 're just coming off a dramatic economic collapse that had nothing to do with any obvious supply-side factors , but seemed clearly connected to malfunctioning markets .
And in the aftermath of the collapse , the supposed real economists made a lot of predictions about runaway inflation , soaring interest rates and so on , all of which proved notably wrong , while the unreal types like me have done more or less O.K .
In fact , there is remarkably little evidence that “ real economics ” is right even in normal times . The efficiency of competitive markets is a nice story , but where are the dramatically successful predictions we generally look for as confirmation of scientific theories ?
Indeed , the general presumption , even within the economics profession , that microeconomics is solid and known to be valid , while macroeconomics is flaky and dubious , seems to me to rest on prejudice rather than evidence .
Yes , much of microeconomics can be derived rigorously from individual maximization plus equilibrium . But why , exactly , does that make it right ?
So , in my mind the real America is the diverse America we actually live in , and real economics is the eclectic mix of ideas and techniques that seem to be useful , whether or not they have rigorous microfoundations .
And I say that as both a real American and a real economist .
WHILE we 're thinking about ways the economics profession can improve , it 's worth considering a new piece by James Surowiecki on the issue of moral hazard in government interventions . Economists , we would hope , should be able to answer a simple question and thereby clarify which of a range of policy actions is most desirable . In considering whether or not to bail out an important financial instution , for instance , it would be nice to know whether moral hazard should be taken into account . If a rescue is likely to encourage risky behaviour , making further rescues necessary , then it may well be worth the pain to let a sinking bank fail .
While Hank Paulson has tried to create the impression that they did everything they could to save Lehman Brothers , it seems clear that officials allowed the firm to fail , in part because they wanted to send a message—do n't go acting foolishly thinking everyone gets a bail-out . Paradoxically , the choice to let Lehman fail had exactly the opposite effect . The fallout from the failure essentially guaranteed that Treasury would help any other large firm in trouble .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
That , of course , should have sent a message to banks that the moral hazard game was in full effect . If you know the government is standing behind you , why not roll the dice and lever up ? If all goes well , then the gains you reap get you out of trouble . If all goes badly , well , you were already insolvent , and the government is there to make you whole . And yet virtually no financial institution has chosen to do this . Instead , they 're taking money from the government and hoarding it .
None of this , in other words , resembles the conventional understanding of how moral hazard works . Which suggests that a serious rethink is required . Mr Surowiecki writes :
Finally , the biggest reason that moral hazard matters less than it might is that it can operate only if people actively countenance the possibility that their decisions could lead to complete disaster . But it 's well documented that people generally , and investors particularly , are overconfident and significantly underestimate the chances of being wiped out . The moral-hazard fundamentalists argue that banks and other financial institutions will act recklessly if they think they 'll be rescued in the event of failure . But Wall Street was reckless because it never believed that failure was even a possibility .
Whatever moral hazard effect is in operation , it has been swamped by adjusted expectations . Firms that thought nothing could go wrong now believe that everything can and will go wrong . And just as banks and people are radically shifting their outlooks , so too should policymakers . This does n't mean that governments should heedlessly throw money around . It does suggest , however , that in the wake of a major negative financial or economic shock , moral hazard concerns are n't nearly as relevant as they are in more placid times . When a conflagration has burned down an entire city , the last thing one needs to worry about is whether fire insurance will encourage riskier behaviour in the future .
This calculus will change over time . After a decade or two of smooth sailing , institutions and households begin to forget the lessons of the past and adjust their expectations to discount the probability of catastrophe , which ultimately makes catastrophe more likely . This would seem to weigh against counter-cyclical policy in mild recessions . It could be that the cost of lost output is worth the effect on household expectations . Of course , it could also be that the cost of lost output is much worse than the effect on expectations . It would be nice if economists would give us better ways to think about and answer these questions .
Used Glock 23 Gen 3 .40 Smith & Wesson Semi-auto Pistol
The Glock 23 combines compact dimensions for both open and concealed carry , with minimum weight , despite its large magazine capacity in .40 caliber . Having survived durability tests and use by U.S. Law Enforcement agencies , the G23 firearm has repeatedly demonstrated its world-class durability and reliability in even the most unfavorable conditions . That 's why countless police authorities continue to adopt the Glock 23 as their official service handgun . And now you can too .
We found a small lot of Law Enforcement Trade-In models…which means you can get your hands on this unique Pistol for way less than the original sticker price ! Expect to see some finishes rub and holster wear , but performance is assured .
Gen 3
Barrel is manufactured using a cold-hammer forging method for uniform precision and consistency
Gas nitride finish for maximum durability and corrosion resistance
Safe Action® System helps ensure your firearm does not fire unintentionally
Includes one magazine
PLEASE NOTE : As this is a law enforcement trade-in , expect to see some finishes rub and holster wear , but performance is assured .
The GOP Hispanic Victory that Was n't
It was big news that Republican Andy Vidak won a California state senate seat over a Hispanic candidate in a majority Hispanic district . Yes , they beat Leticia Perez , and they were a Democrat in a district that 's 60 percent Hispanic and which offers a 22-point Democrat advantage , they said . So , you see , the right kind of Republican can win in the new America if they preach `` conservatism '' ( and , shh , panders on amnesty and speaks the necessary foreign language ) . Hey , we 're California dreamin ' in a socialist day , right ? ! Not exactly .
Vidak did win , did do the Juan McCain amnesty dance , did talk the foreign tongue , and the media certainly got the opposing statist 's name right . But a majority Hispanic and Democrat district ? Not so much . It turns out that Vidak 's 16th district was majority Hispanic and Democrat - before a 2011 redistricting . In fact , Wikipedia tells us that the old 16th was 63.2 percent Hispanic , 22.3 percent white ( no data is available on `` white Hispanics , '' packin ' or not ) , 50.58 percent Democratic and 31.49 percent Republican . But the new 16th is 52.04 percent white , 35.72 percent Hispanic , 45.91 percent Republican and 29.75 percent Democrat . Thus , it 's not surprising that while the Democrats had won the 16th-district senate seat each of the previous three elections , the GOP prevailed this time around . It is nonetheless true , however , that Vidak 's win holds hope for Republicans and teaches a lesson - all we have to do is redistrict the whole country . Contact Selwyn Duke , follow them on Twitter or log on to SelwynDuke.com
Click on the Play button on the podcast player above to listen to this week 's episode of the Austinot Podcast !
Oktoberfest has been celebrated in Germany since 1810 . Munich has been doing it up right for many years with a 16-day festival full of traditional food , entertainment and – of course – beer .
Today , Oktoberfest is celebrated all over the world , including the German community of beautiful Fredericksburg , TX .
Oktoberfest Fredericksburg begins tonight and runs through Sunday evening . Here 's what you 'll find during this full and active weekend in Texas Hill Country :
German music across three stages
OkTubaFest
Traditional food
German bier tent
Oktoberfest vineyard
Domino tournament this Sunday
Arts and crafts
Kinder Park fun area for children
Chicken Dance around the Square tomorrow morning ( listen to our episode to learn more – you do n't want to miss this fun )
Abstract
The High Plains aquifer underlies 111.8 million acres ( about 175,000 square miles ) in parts of eight States—Colorado , Kansas , Nebraska , New Mexico , Oklahoma , South Dakota , Texas , and Wyoming . Water-level declines began in parts of the High Plains aquifer soon after the beginning of substantial irrigation with groundwater in the aquifer area ( about 1950 ) . This report presents water-level changes in the High Plains aquifer from predevelopment ( generally before 1950 ) to 2013 and from 2011 to 2013 . The report also presents change in water in storage in the High Plains aquifer from predevelopment to 2013 and from 2011 to 2013 .
The methods to calculate area-weighted , average water-level changes ; change in water in storage ; and total water in storage for this report used geospatial data layers organized as rasters with a cell size of 500 meters by 500 meters , which is an area of about 62 acres . These methods were used to provide a raster dataset of water-level changes for other uses .
Water-level changes from predevelopment to 2013 , by well , ranged from a rise of 85 feet to a decline of 256 feet . Water-level changes from 2011 to 2013 , by well , ranged from a rise of 19 feet to a decline of 44 feet . The area-weighted , average water-level changes in the aquifer were an overall decline of 15.4 feet from predevelopment to 2013 , and a decline of 2.1 feet from 2011 to 2013 . Total water in storage in the aquifer in 2013 was about 2.92 billion acre-feet , which was a decline of about 266.7 million acre-feet since predevelopment and a decline of 36.0 million acre-feet from 2011 to 2013 .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Russia has denied that they are creating a Terminator , despite Vladimir Putin 's 'robot army ' being trained to shoot guns from both of its hands .
Last December , it was reported that the android robots known as FEDOR - Final Experimental Demonstration Object Research - were being developed for space exploration .
But now it has emerged that the human-like robots are learning to shoot guns as part of their training .
The video clip above shows the androids in action and senior government officials have already had to issue a denial that they are creating a `` Terminator-style '' killer robot .
The name is a reference to the robot in the Hollywood science fiction franchise of the same name . The robot - played by Arnold Schwarzenegger - takes over the earth in the future by killing all humans that stand in its path .
( Image : Paramount/PA )
FEDOR stands six foot tall , weighs between 106-160 kg depending on extra equipment - and can lift up to 20 kg of cargo .
Its creators claim that teaching them to shoot will help improve their motor skills and decision-making abilities .
Posting a short clip showing the armed robot in action , Russia 's deputy PM Dmitryi Rogozin said : `` Robot platform F.E.D.O.R . showed shooting skills with two hands .
`` We are not creating a Terminator , but artificial intelligence that will be of great practical significance in various fields . ”
In the clip posted by the Deputy PM the robot can be seen firing a pair of guns at a target board .
It is accompanied with the message : “ Russian fighting robots – guys with iron nature . ”
The clip also features other `` robot-like '' vehicles in action firing at targets on a range - although these are believed to be remote controlled .
The robot was originally created with rescue missions in mind until military uses began being suggested .
FEDOR is set to travel into space in 2021 - and has been touted as a permanent replacement for cosmonauts currently maintaining the ISS in the long term .
The robot is being developed by Android Technics and the Advanced Research Fund .
They are attempting to teach it a wide variety of basic and advanced skills - from how to use a set of keys and various tools to how to screw in a light bulb and drive a car .
The robot was originally created for rescue work , but military uses have also been suggested by engineers .
Numerous experts have issued warnings over where the development of robots with artificial intelligence is leading us .
University of Cambridge Astronomer Royal and Emeritus Professor of Cosmology and Astrophysics , Lord Martin Rees , warned just this month that machines could soon take over from humans .
( Image : @ Rogozin/Twitter )
Last December , it was reported that FEDOR is the android robot that Vladimir Putin hopes will successfully colonise the moon .
FEDOR is the prototype of a new artificial intelligence the Russian leader wants to send to the International Space Station .
It can work in the extreme temperatures on the moon without the need for a space suit - and can even 'live ' outside in the open .
This comes as Russia revealed plans to send humans to the Moon by 2031 .
Putin 's deputy premier Dmitry Rogozin said then : `` This thing can work without a space suit , live not only in a crew vehicle , but even outside it . Its name is Fedor . ''
A video of the robot showed developers taking it for a walk and testing its human-like abilities .
It can stand up , walk around and move all of its metal limbs - it can also `` see '' through a camera in its head .
The robot can even do push ups , as seen in the footage .
Rogozin claimed the war in Syria had shown Russia the importance of robots in difficult environments , and promised FEDOR would make its space debut in five years .
Putin has also instructed their space chiefs to make a first landing on the Moon within 15 years .
A key task for FEDOR will be to `` assist in construction and use of bases '' on the moon and potentially other planets , said its Russian designers FPI .
The robot can `` crawl , stand up after falling down , take and leave driver 's seat in a car , use tools and operate in a regular building '' .
Sergei Khurs , head of the project and director of the National Centre for Technology Development and Basic Robotics , said : “ During space walking missions and on other planets , astronauts will rely on robots .
`` Their capabilities are equal to those of humans , and in some ways even exceed them . ''
Vladimir Solntsev , general director of Russian rocket-making corporation Energia , said : `` Our involvement in the Fedor-based space robot project will bring us to the next level in the development of robotic technologies . ''
Alexander Grebenshchikov , director of the TSNIImash laboratory of space robotics , said : `` Every hour of work of cosmonauts on space walks costs from $ 2 million to $ 4 million ( USD ) .
`` The use of robots for routine operations in the future will also spare additional time of the crew for leisure or for the fulfillment of other important tasks . ''
Fedor is the equivalent in Russian for Theodore , although in this case it is an acronym standing for Final Experimental Demonstration Object Research .
Russia 's ambitious plans would see cosmonauts being sent to the moon on a new spacecraft called Federation .
( Image : @ Rogozin/Twitter )
There would also be a new space station built in the next ten years with NASA seen as a possible partner to the plans .
There would be unmanned missions into space over a number of years before humans were sent to the moon in 2031 .
Only America has so far managed to land humans on the Moon 's surface .
The plans were unveiled by Vladimir Solntsev , of rocket company Energia .
They said an unmanned spacecraft would fly around the moon in 2026 followed by another unmanned space vehicle practicing on landing on the moon the following year .
In 2029 there would be another unmanned flight before eventually landing on the moon in 2031 .
As reported by Russian news agency TASS , Mr Solntsev said : “ In the 2030s , we set the task of a manned flight to the Moon and in 2031 we plan landing on the Moon . ”
As well as landing again on the Moon , one of the next major space missions is to put a human on Mars .
NASA believes it can get to Mars before 2030 and the China National Space Administration has set a target of 2021 , while the European Space Agency and the Russians ' Roscosmos are already in the first stages of a joint project to put a robot on the surface by 2020 .
Meanwhile , SpaceX billionaire Elon Musk aims to ferry 100 passengers there by 2024 , the space company of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is rocket-testing in the Texan desert and Dutch entrepreneur Bas Lansdorp has already recruited eight people for their Mars One mission .
Grohl 's interview for the documentary took place too late to make it into the film 's current edit
Kurt Cobain documentary Cobain : Montage Of Heck will not feature the singer 's Nirvana bandmate Dave Grohl , the film 's director has confirmed .
The eagerly-anticipated documentary premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on Saturday ( January 24 ) , with the late singer 's widow Courtney Love and daughter Frances Bean Cobain in attendance . According to director Brett Morgen , Grohl was interviewed for the film earlier this month , but this was too late for their contribution to be included in the film 's current edit .
“ We had a locked print and trying to re-edit a film with a new interview in 10 days is kind of difficult , ” Morgen told Billboard . “ This is the picture I wanted – I did n't want there to be a lot of people in the film . ”
However , Morgen did suggest that a future edit of the film could feature input from Grohl , saying : “ I hope we 'll see a version [ with the Grohl interview ] some time . ”
Montage Of Heck is the first fully authorised film about the late Nirvana frontman and features previously unreleased music and home movies . The first official image taken from the documentary was released last week .
The documentary will be accompanied by a book – also titled Montage Of Heck – that delves further into material from the film , with exclusive interviews featured plus a mixture of animation stills , rare photography , and other images from Cobain 's personal archive .
Montage Of Heck is named after one of Cobain 's mixtapes , which appeared online last year . It features clips of songs by The Beatles , Iron Maiden , The Monkees , Black Sabbath and The Jackson Five , among others .
Now that we have a clear look at all five of the characters who will be expanding the Street Fighter IV roster in Ultra , we thought it would be fun to hear what our readers think of each fighter . Below , you 'll find individual polls for Decapre , Elena , Hugo , Poison , and Rolento as well as a final question about which you 're most looking forward to . We 've also included trailers before each poll if you need to refresh yourself with what these cast members are capable of .
As always , we 're also looking for specifics to your answers , so be sure to visit the comments below this article and let us know why you voted the way you did .
[ hr ]
[ hr ] [ column size= ” one-half ” ]
[ /column ] [ column size= ” one-half ” last= ” true ” ]
[ /column ] [ hr ] [ column size= ” one-half ” ]
[ /column ] [ column size= ” one-half ” last= ” true ” ]
[ /column ] [ hr ]
( Videos courtesy of Street Fighter , Capcom Channel )
I have been experimenting with Amazon 's Elastic File System ( EFS ) service on a real web app running across multiple instances .
With some effort , I have a file upload and sharing app serving from three web servers sharing a single EFS volume . But due to the performance characteristics of EFS , it was n't easy to get going .
The good :
EFS does offer shared persistence across many EC2 instances and/or ECS containers
EFS has rigorously documented performance rates and recommended settings for web apps
EFS CloudWatch metrics are very good
The bad :
SQLite on EFS does n't work
Web servers can show high response time and variance due to cold EFS access
The ugly :
Individual file writes have noticable latency
A standard untar operation to EFS is going at a mere 204 kBps
EFS Performance Characteristics
All this leads me to conclude that EFS works ok . I am actually happy with the app deployment after getting it all set up .
However the relatively slow performance could require code changes and an putting a CDN in front of many types of web apps .
Let 's dig into running a horizontally scaled web app on EFS .
EFS Primer
EFS is an implementation of the Network File System ( NFS ) protocol .
On AWS , every instance uses an NFS client to connect to the EFS endpoint , and synchronizes file metadata and data over the network .
Because NFS looks like a standard filesystem , it integrates with virtually any system . For example , it is trivial to use an EFS volume with ECS and Docker containers .
Amazon offers a lengthy doc about EFS performance and NFS filesystem tuning . Baseline throughput , burst throughput and credits are complicated but well documented .
Test Harness
I have been doing my AWS testing with Convox , an open-source PaaS built on top of AWS services . Following a “ use services , not software ” philosophy , Convox uses EFS for persistent container volumes .
With the Convox tools it only takes a few minutes to set up a production-ready three node ECS clusters with EFS and deploy an app to it .
The app I am testing is ownCloud . This is an open-source PHP program that 's primary purpose is to store and serve lots of file uploads .
It is distributed as a Docker image that uses Docker volumes serve the app and save and retrieve file uploads .
I am using EFS in “ General Purpose Performance Mode ” , the recommended setting for web server environments . I am also using the recommended Linux mount options .
EFS Management Console
$ mount us-east-1e.fs-d.efs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com : //dev-east-owncloud/main/var/www/html on /var/www/html type nfs4 ( rw , relatime , vers=4.1 , rsize=1048576 , wsize=1048576 , namlen=255 , hard , proto=tcp , timeo=600 , retrans=2 , sec=sys , clientaddr=10.0.2.19 , local_lock=none , addr=10.0.2.33 )
ownCloud App
Since ownCloud has official Docker images that use Docker volumes for data , we can write a simple manifest and deploy it :
$ cat docker-compose.yml version : `` 2 '' services : main : image : owncloud volumes : - /var/www/html ports : - 80:80 - 443:80 $ convox apps create Creating app owncloud ... CREATING $ convox deploy Deploying owncloud Creating tarball ... OK Uploading : 421 B / 244 B [ ============================= ] 172.54 % 0s Starting build ... OK running : docker tag owncloud/main dev-east-owncloud-gjrkneuuoz : main.BCHEGGUMFXF running : docker push main.BCHEGGUMFXF : digest : sha256:4160dd48 size : 27574 Promoting RWXASFZWUWA ... UPDATING $ convox logs 2016-12-14T23:08:42Z agent:0.70/i-06c8c168fabe019d1 Starting main process 53ceb9da4062 2016-12-14T23:13:06Z agent:0.70/i-06c8c168fabe019d1 Stopped main process 53ceb9da4062 via SIGKILL 2016-12-14T23:09:23Z agent:0.70/i-0bd90534214c0218f Starting main process b650d1f51dc0 2016-12-14T23:13:09Z agent:0.70/i-0bd90534214c0218f Stopped main process b650d1f51dc0 via SIGKILL ...
The logs indicate the main container is not passing a health check in 30 seconds so it is constantly terminated and restarted . What gives ?
First Boot Times Out
If we dig into the ownCloud Dockerfile we see that it 's entrypoint script is copying lots of data from the Docker image to the persistent /var/www/html volume :
# ! /bin/bash set -e if [ ! -e '/var/www/html/version.php ' ] ; then tar cf - -- one-file-system -C /usr/src/owncloud . | tar xf - chown -R www-data /var/www/html fi exec `` $ @ ``
This volume is backed by EFS . Could this be the reason it 's taking more than 30 seconds to boot ? Let 's try the command interactively :
$ convox run main bash root @ b650d1f51dc0 : /var/www/html # time tar cfv - -- one-file-system -C /usr/src/owncloud . | tar xf - real 8m48.509s user 0m0.532s sys 0m3.744s
8 minutes to untar onto the EFS volume ? ! Yikes .
Copy I/O Baselines
The ownCloud image is trying to copy 11,000 files that take up 98 MB to the EFS volume .
I saw between 204 kBps for the sequential untar and 1.63 MBbs for a parallel rsync .
Some baselines of various tar commands
1 second to untar all the files to /dev/null
8 minutes to untar all the files to EFS
36 seconds for untar to check existing files on EFS and skip data
10 seconds to tar all the files from EFS
Then I took some rsync baselines , since it 's more hackable than tar :
10 minutes to rsync all the files to EFS
30 seconds for rsync to check existing files on EFS and skip data
1 minute to rsync the files to EFS in parallel ( 1000 concurrent workers )
EFS Metrics
The CloudWatch metrics for EFS are very good .
I can see over the course of the experiment that initial I/O percentage ( red line ) was n't coming anywhere near 100 % . With lots of parallelism I could eventually max out IO which brought copy time down significantly .
Visibility
Now The App Boots !
The manual tests had a big positive side-effect . Since EFS is persistent , the ownCloud version.php file now exists on the volume , so the entrypoint no longer needs to do the untar . The app boots !
$ convox logs agent:0.70/i-06c8c168fabe019d1 Starting main process 1457c7a3ac38 main : RWXASFZWUWA/1457c7a3ac38 [ Wed Dec 14 23:26:48.412478 2016 ] [ core : notice ] [ pid 1 ] AH00094 : Command line : 'apache2 -D FOREGROUND ' $ convox apps info Name owncloud Status running Release RWXASFZWUWA Processes main Endpoints owncloud-main-1899916604.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com:443 owncloud-main-1899916604.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com:80 $ curl owncloud-main-1899916604.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com < ! DOCTYPE html > < html class= `` ng-csp '' data-placeholder-focus= `` false '' lang= `` en '' > < head > < title > ownCloud < /title > ...
Database on EFS ?
ownCloud defaults to SQLite . It shows a big performance warning around SQLite on any filesystem . But does it work on EFS ?
No .
I get an I/O error creating the database . Looking at the volume the database file is 0 bytes .
It seems like to write latency is a challenge for the PHP code and SQLite database driver .
Of course I would heed the SQLite warning in all cases and use RDS . Configuring that and I finally have ownCloud running !
SQLite Errors
Traffic Benchmarks
Finally I wanted to look at how the application performs .
First I uploaded 20 photos knowing these will be saved to EFS . I did n't perceive any slowness outside of normal file upload time .
Then I shared this folder publicly , which gave me a URL to a page with the 20 photos , thumbnails and metadata .
I benchmarked this page with Apache Bench :
$ ab -n 100 -c 10 http : //owncloud-main-1899916604.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com/index.php/s/H420DZJgYN9GUVH Document Length : 15703 bytes Concurrency Level : 10 Time taken for tests : 10.134 seconds Complete requests : 100 Failed requests : 0 Total transferred : 1667818 bytes HTML transferred : 1570300 bytes Requests per second : 9.87 [ # /sec ] ( mean ) Time per request : 1013.363 [ ms ] ( mean ) Time per request : 101.336 [ ms ] ( mean , across all concurrent requests ) Transfer rate : 160.73 [ Kbytes/sec ] received Connection Times ( ms ) min mean [ +/-sd ] median max Connect : 82 89 3.7 88 100 Processing : 845 922 40.1 918 1011 Waiting : 758 832 38.4 829 920 Total : 929 1011 40.0 1005 1098 Percentage of the requests served within a certain time ( ms ) 50 % 1005 66 % 1026 75 % 1034 80 % 1038 90 % 1086 95 % 1087 98 % 1094 99 % 1098 100 % 1098 ( the longest request )
One second for every response is n't great but is n't horrible either . And the response times are very consistent .
Scaling Out The Web App
Finally , I 'm ready to test the true promise of EFS . I can scale out my web containers since they all share the same EFS volume . Every container is running on its own instance .
How does this affect performance ?
$ convox scale main -- count=3 $ ab -n 100 -c 10 Complete requests : 100 Failed requests : 0 Percentage of the requests served within a certain time ( ms ) 50 % 695 66 % 743 75 % 765 80 % 805 90 % 1665 95 % 12044 98 % 12694 99 % 12864 100 % 12864 ( the longest request )
All the requests returned , but performance decreased . Some requests took 12 seconds to return .
The variance must be due to the containers coming up on instances that are “ cold ” and accessing the data the first time .
After a few more runs of Apache Bench over the next minutes the performance evened out .
Percentage of the requests served within a certain time ( ms ) 50 % 694 66 % 705 75 % 718 80 % 725 90 % 771 95 % 875 98 % 906 99 % 910 100 % 910 ( the longest request )
Conclusions
Even after all this , I feel pretty good about running a web app off EFS .
I now have web app served from a shared EFS data volume . The app feels fine for normal file uploads and downloads . Response times can be slower and more variable that I 'd like , but once the app is “ warmed up ” it benchmarks well .
This web is highly available , horizontally scalable and required no code changes . The data is also highly available with no operational work .
The visibility through CloudWatch is very good showing I 'm not anywhere close to maxing out EFS I/O .
For this particular type of app , the final step would be to add a CDN to improve performance and have the best of all worlds .
That said , the performance characteristics of EFS are concerning . Just like SQLite not working and tar going slow , I can see many standard apps having trouble with the latency or throughput . This could be a dealbreaker for many apps .
Questions…
When EFS was announced , many people immediately dismissed it saying that NFS has no place near production . Is this still the case ?
How do we do better for sharing data across instances and containers ? Do we need to operate our own NFS server or distributed file system to take control over performance ?
Maybe the lack of raw performance is acceptable for the consistency and reliability of the EFS service ?
Or do we stick to stateless apps at the Twelve Factor App wisely suggests ?
Tweet at @ goconvox or chat with us in Slack to discuss .
It 's a very good thing that Vince McMahon is a really , really good on-air personality . Whether it 's natural-born talent , just being around the business for their entire life , or a combination of both , the owner of WWE is also one of its most compelling characters . Without the juxtaposition of their evil , corporate , conniving Mr. McMahon character to the politically incorrect , beer-swilling everyman in Stone Cold Steve Austin , pro wrestling as we know it today may not even exist . He 's been involved in some of the most important , intelligent , and celebrated storylines in the history of professional wrestling .
He 's also been directly involved in some of the most mind-numbing , idiotic , nonsensical , sadistic , most insensitive drivel ever produced :
5 . The Higher Power
Jim Ross exclaiming , “ Aww , son of a b -- -h ! ” before Vince is even finished completing their sentence just about sums up how everyone feels about this angle , which turned out to be one of the biggest flops of all time . I remember being a wide-eyed thirteen-year-old , suspending disbelief at some of the most outlandish things they threw my way , and criticizing WWF 's poor booking and lack of commitment with this storyline . Basically , in 1999 , The Undertaker formed a stable with a bunch of nobodies , hell-bent on completely taking over the WWF . They raped , they pillaged , they literally hung members of Vince McMahon 's Corporation on noussees…they even abducted Vince 's daughter , Stephanie . An already interesting angle gained a new wrinkle when The Undertaker claimed that their motivations were not purely their own ; they were working for a “ Higher Power ” . Who was it gon na be ? Who was terrorizing Vince McMahon 's entire company , abducting their only daughter , hanging their employees alive and trying to dismantle the entire Federation down to its very foundation ?
They even built it up more by having Shane McMahon kick Vince out of their own Corporation stable for not having their “ priorities straight ” . I 'm glad someone had the balls to tell Vince that they were pussing out by worrying about the welfare of their only daughter over managing a wrestling stable . And eventually , the new Corporation and the Ministry put aside their ( previously completely irreconcilable ) differences to form a mega-faction , the Corporate Ministry , sans Vince McMahon . They were still taking orders from that Higher Power , though . Who could be behind all of this anarchy that was destroying everything Vince McMahon ever cared for ?
Why , Vince McMahon of course ! Remember that this was the Attitude Era , headed by swerve-artist Vince Russo himself , where in the minds of the creative team , the only acceptable storyline was the one with as many pointless twists and turns as possible , eventually landing on the one culmination that does n't make a damn bit of sense . So obviously , the logical answer to the question “ Who 's terrorizing Vince McMahon ? ” was Vince McMahon . Why did they do it ? Apparently all that self-inflicted hell was simply a way for Vince McMahon to destroy Stone Cold Steve Austin . The angle was slowly forgotten about after , as a result , Stone Cold was given 50 % ownership of the company as some entirely unwarranted reparations from Vince 's wife , Linda .
Internet smarks still often bring this angle up as a “ It could be worse ” reminder , pontificating that anyone would have been a better choice than Vince McMahon . There are even those who firmly support Jake “ the Snake ” Roberts as a more worthy Higher Power . When Jake the Snake is a more logical choice for any storyline post-1994 , you know you done f -- -- d up . Even The Undertaker , the most revered veteran in the business and renowned WWE company man , considers this angle the lowest point of their career in one of their DVDs .
4 . Vince McMahon vs. Donald Trump in a Hair vs . Hair Match Ostensibly For Title of Most Self-Absorbed Billionaire of All Time
The Mr. McMahon character is portrayed as crass , money-grubbing , and the type of person who will sacrifice family and reputation for unyielding amounts money and power . The real Vince McMahon , however , is…well , crass , money-grubbing , and the type of person who will sacrifice family and reputation for unyielding amounts of money and power . They provide the perfect ying to Donald Trump 's yang , who by contrast is crass , money-grubbing…y'know what , you get it . They 're both greedy heirs to multi-million dollar fortunes , so what made McMahon think that the blue-collar everyman they had spent a lifetime creating stories for would be the least bit entertained by two members of the now-coined One Percent must have been some pretty good s -- t. Trump and Vince got into a heated feud for some contrived , unimportant reason . All I know is we got notoriously strange as hell looking Bobby Lashley barbarically shaving Vince McMahon 's head in front of tens of thousands of people , so the angle was n't a total bust .
The biggest travesty here is that Vince 's hair never quite grew back correctly after this pointless stunt , leaving them to forever look like an autistic third-grader whose mother forced them into combing their hair “ like a good boy ” for school picture day .
“ Alright Vinny , just look at the squeaking duck and–SWEET JESUS ! Ma'am , I do n't know how to tell you this , but your little boy is hideous ! ”
3 . McMahon Stages Horrible Atrocity , Recants When Actual Horrible Tragedy Happens
Again , in 2007 , there was a planned “ Vince McMahon Appreciation Day ” on Monday Night RAW , in which most of the episode was to be wrestlers , referees and other personel were to basically worship the very hallowed ground Vince McMahon walks on ( also known as “ every day ” in Vince McMahon 's deranged , altered reality ) . McMahon showed up in a strange , detached , almost dissociative state for some unknown reason , nary saying one word to anyone . At the end of the show , a surreal shot is shown of McMahon wandering aimlessly throughout the halls backstage before Jonathan Coachman shows them where their limo is parked . Unfaltering from their frighteningly blank gaze , they slowly go outside , peering at crew workers and the sky with child-like wonder , and gets into the limo , which explodes like it was rigged to a metric f -- -- -g ton of C4 the second they close their door .
This baffling scene was supposed to be the end of the Mr. McMahon character on WWE TV . They felt it had run its course , but they wanted to end it in memorable fashion . This would have been a strange stunt to pull by its own merit ; the week after this episode of RAW aired had everyone from the usual squabbling Internet wrestling fan to goddamned financial pundits questioning whether or not this was a good move . WWE stock actually went down , presumably because of Wall Street traders thinking that World Wrestling Entertainment just aired the grandoise demise of its owner . But the real horror started the very next weekend , when Chris Benoit decided it would be a good idea to callously murder their wife and seven-year-old son in cold blood , and then hang themselves from their own gym equipment . McMahon 's “ funeral ” was supposed to be the main story of that week 's RAW , but it was instead a memorial of Benoit 's career ( they did n't have any details ; everyone , including WWE , thought Benoit and their family had been killed by somebody else ) . It was one of those ultra-rare events where even Vince McMahon thought something was more important than their own family 's weekly exploitation , and their death angle was never followed through on , going the way of the Nexus ' “ Greater Purpose ” and the identity of the Anonymous RAW General Manager , forever forgotten . I guess if there 's one good thing that came out of Chris Benoit 's double-murder/suicide , it 's that it prevented this angle from ever fully germinating .
2 . Myriad Sexually Explicit Scenes Inexplicably Involving Himself and Unattainably Hot Women
A lot of the WWE divas over the years have been some of the hottest women I 've ever seen in my life . So I ca n't really blame Vince McMahon for taking advantage of their position of power here ; they run a multi-million dollar entertainment company , and they have many slutty women working for them who will do anything to get noticed . Scummy ? Yes . Understandble ? Oh hell yeah .
No , in principle , I ca n't blame them for how often they shoehorned in contrived storylines about them getting dirty with the divas . It 's just how terribly blatant and self-serving it always was that kinda bothered me ; just taking out their sexual perversions/frustrations trying to turn the WWE into their thinly-veiled live action romance novel , with themselves as the tattered white silk shirted Fabio .
As if making out with , simulating sex backstage with , and shamelessly objectifying their female employees on a weekly basis was n't enough , they usually took it to depths even the most salacious of sycophants would n't even dream of . Here is the public face of a corporation , whose happily married wife is sitting backstage watching the goings-on , beaming with pride for their husband who is proclaiming themselves to be a “ Genetic Jackhammer ” and forcing Trish Stratus to strip naked in the middle of the ring , walk around on all fours and literally bark for forgiveness like a shamed daschund . It 's one of the most humiliating , difficult-to-watch , degrading segments in the history of television , but as a red-blooded American male , it 's easily my favorite thing that 's ever happened , ever . It does n't say much for Vince McMahon as a person , though . It 's nothing more than an egomaniacal power trip , satiating some deep-rooted Freudian need to…
Uhh…what the hell was I saying again ?
1 . Vince & Shane vs. Shawn Michaels & Literally God
And here we are , at , in my opinion , the most insane storyline Vince McMahon has ever concocted . In 2006 , McMahon was feuding with Shawn Michaels , who a few years prior had returned to the company a reformed born-again Christian after spending most of their first run with the company in the 90s in a drug-induced haze even Amy Winehouse would have had to respect . They retained the gimmick “ Heartbreak Kid ” in name only ; gone were their overtly cocky ways , selfishness , and rampant substance abuse . They clashed with the boss and the two had a surprisingly highly regarded matchup at WrestleMania that year , which HBK won . McMahon , instead of chalking it up to Michaels being a trained professional , master of their craft for over twenty years of their life , deduced that obviously God was literally on their side , preventing McMahon 's vile wishes from being fulfilled . So at the next pay-per-view , they booked themselves and their son Shane vs . The Holy Lord and Their son Shawn . Before the match , McMahon forced the referee to check “ God ” for any sort of illegal weaponry ( God was being portrayed by a spotlight , for the record ) . The whole thing just could not get any stupider .
The McMahons defeated Shawn Michaels and the big man upstairs after a troupe of male cheerleaders violently assaulted HBK during the match . I…I stand corrected . It can always get stupider .
Wire wheels . Covered headlights . A real barn location . One of the longest bonnets ( hoods ) in history . The sleeping car you see in the picture above has all the makings of a great barn find ! It 's listed for sale here on eBay . Thanks to Scott H. for such an interesting find ! The car has been relocated out of the barn into a garage in Bayonne , New Jersey . The opening bid is a steep $ 50,000 , but you can end the suspense and buy it now for $ 56,000 .
E-Type Jaguars , in particular Series 1 E-Types with the covered headlights , have a certain mystique when located in a pastoral setting , especially in a barn . The two photos above are almost iconic , and vary substantially only in color from many that we 've seen before . The curves are still there under the dust .
The 1967 cars are considered the best by some ; they benefit from the additional 43 ft-lbs of torque of the 4.2 engine versus the earlier 3.8 , but still have the Series 1 nose and toggle switch dash . You can see in this somewhat clearer view that the car has visited a garage , presumably for evaluation , or perhaps the proprietor was the purchaser ? Regardless , it appears little effort has been made to clean the car up , and given the way folks pay for chances like this , I ca n't say I blame the seller , although I 'd like to know things like will the engine turn over myself .
Obviously , not much of the interior will be kept ; I 'm sure this cat is destined for a complete restoration . I started to worry a little when I saw this picture as the floors looked challenged by the rust bug , and I was n't sure if there even was a floor on the driver 's side . It was nice to see that pretty much everything was complete , though , down to the ignition key in the switch !
More than likely , the lack of air cleaners represent some past attempt at starting the car . I ca n't tell you how many times I have come across finds where the air cleaners are just left off after someone quits in disgust after trying to start a car . Oftentimes , the only thing preventing a car like this from starting ( after the proper steps have been taken to avoid engine damage ) is a decent fuel supply , usually caused by a gummed up tank , pump or lines . I hope that 's all that is keeping this wonderful six cylinder XK engine from roaring back into life .
Unfortunately , I was correct , and not only is a portion of the floor missing , there 's some rust repair needed in the belly pan area as well . I applaud the seller for showing it to us , though ! Is this find for you , or would you wait for a better condition or less expensive later model E-Type ? Based on the ad , the seller is expecting to sell the car to an overseas buyer–we know Barn Finds has a lot of international readers–could that buyer be you ?
64 years ago , on March 17 , 1951 , the Ukrainian Insurgent Army ( UPA ) , notorious collaborators of Nazi Germany during the Second World War , called upon the United States to provide it with military assistance aimed against the Soviet Union .
After the defeat of German Nazism in 1945 , members of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists ( OUN ) and their paramilitary UPA units continued their struggle against the Soviet Union . Although former Nazi collaborators officially dissolved the UPA in 1949 , many of them joined foreign subversive groups and intelligence agencies , dreaming of revenge .
The OUN planned to establish a dictatorship in exile that would one day be transferred to a `` liberated '' Ukraine , noted Dr . Per Anders Rudling , a Swedish-American historian . Since the beginning of the Cold War , the West recruited many of the OUN leaders , particularly Mykola Lebed , who established contact with US intelligence in 1945 . Curiously enough , while characterizing Lebed as `` a well-known sadist and collaborator of the Germans , '' the CIA nevertheless considered them and their counterparts as valuable agents .
Rudling cited one of the CIA operative who argued that `` some form of nationalist feeling continues to exist [ in Ukraine ] and… there is an obligation to support it as a cold war weapon . ''
The CIA and the US State Department also sponsored OUN leaders ' immigration to the United States in 1949 .
The collaboration between the OUN , the CIA and other intelligence services was mutually beneficial : former Nazi collaborators were shielded from prosecution for war crimes , while intelligence agents received valuable information about their Soviet adversaries . Furthermore , the CIA helped nationalist veterans to create `` semiacademic '' institutions and to assume high academic positions at established universities .
For instance , in 1956 the CIA incorporated a set of networks under Mykola Lebed 's leadership and created the nonprofit Proloh ( Prologue ) Research and Publishing Association , whose goal was to publish anticommunist propaganda , including radio broadcasts , newspapers and books .
For several decades , Ukrainian nationalist expatriates developed a new Ukrainian ideology and re-wrote the history of the Second World War . Hideous wartime crimes of the OUN-UPA were whitewashed , denied or justified by pro-OUN historians . The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 played into the hands of the Ukrainian nationalists : Soviet textbooks were abandoned in newly established Ukrainian state and replaced with diaspora 's accounts of the past .
`` Unlike many other former Soviet republics , the Ukrainian government did not need to develop new national myths from scratch , but imported ready concepts developed in the Ukrainian diaspora , '' Per Rudling underscored .
Predictably , numerous neo-Nazi and UPA organizations have begun emerging in Ukraine since the early 1990s . The movement received its second wind after the so-called `` Orange Revolution '' of 2004 , backed by the West , that led to official legitimizing of many of far-right nationalist movements in Ukraine , including the VO Svoboda of Oleh Tyahnybok , who were active participants in the Euromaidan of 2013-2014 . The Kiev regime of Viktor Yushchenko bolstered nationalism and encouraged an anti-Russia 's stance in Ukraine .
However , Ukraine 's new democratically elected president Viktor Yanukovich ( 2010-2014 ) , nearly destroyed the plans of ultra-nationalists and their supporters .
In February 2014 , they were ousted during the US-backed military coup in Ukraine . Ultra-nationalists , who declared themselves heirs of the OUN-UPA played a crucial role in the Euromaidan . Supported by the Kiev regime , the neo-Nazi vigilantes then launched a campaign against Russian-speakers across the country that finally turned into full-scale war in eastern Ukraine . It looks like the OUN-UPA heirs have bad habits that die hard . Nowadays , as 64 years ago , Ukrainian nationalists are again calling upon Washington to provide them with military assistance aimed against east Ukrainian independence supporters and Russia . History repeats itself…
CEDAR PARK , TEXAS—Former SpaceX engineer Tom Markusic has brought Firefly Space Systems to the outskirts of Austin to make rockets and chew bubblegum , and he 's all out of gum . Standing in the vast field on the outskirts of the Texas state capital watching Markusic flitting between clusters of workers welding together test stand equipment , it 's easy to get caught up in the man 's vision of democratizing access to space—a vision of filling that vault of empty sky above our heads with countless twinkling lights .
That 's the genesis of the company name : Firefly Space Systems . It is n't named after the TV show , as many people commonly assume . Rather , Markusic says the name came to them one evening while sitting on their back porch , watching fireflies dance in the air over their lawn . One day , they believe , that 's what the sky above Earth will look like—filled with spacecraft ferrying people to Mars , in a journey as commonplace as going to the store might be today .
But to get to Mars—really , to get anywhere at all—we 've first got to make it easy for people and equipment to claw their way up out of Earth 's gravity . After all , as the Heinlein quote on Firefly 's website explains , `` When you 're in low Earth orbit , you 're halfway to everywhere . '' Making that first hundred miles easy and affordable is what Markusic wants to do .
Firefly is a `` new space '' company , a term that differentiates it and its contemporaries , like SpaceX and Blue Origin , from `` old space '' stalwarts like Boeing and Lockheed-Martin . `` Old space '' companies built Apollo and the Space Shuttle and the ISS , but it 's becoming increasingly clear that the ossified `` old space '' model of multi-decade government contract work and hidebound development and accounting practices does n't own access to orbit anymore . We 're entering the `` new space '' era where small agile companies stand on the shoulders of the slow-moving giants and send not just billion-dollar government payloads and multi-PhD-equipped astronauts into orbit , but cheap small payloads and possibly even tourists .
Metal rockets are for suckers
But before Firefly gets around to sending people into orbit—something Markusic says is on the long-term roadmap—the company is first focusing on building its first launch vehicle , the Firefly Alpha ( styled as the `` Firefly α , '' using the Greek letter ) . The design of that rocket is what made Ars gravitate toward exploring Firefly 's story in the first place : rather than walking down more traditional rocketry paths , the Alpha will be constructed from composites and will use a methane-fueled plugged autogenously pressurized aerospike engine .
That 's a technological mouthful , but it 's not that hard to understand—especially with the benefit of Markusic 's whiteboard explanation . ( In addition to being Firefly 's CEO , Markusic was a former director at SpaceX and holds a PhD from Princeton in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering . ) We 'll take it piece by piece .
First , there 's the composite rocket body . Rather than casting and welding its rockets out of hunks of steel and aluminum and titanium , Firefly plans to weave launch vehicles out of carbon fiber , which will have two distinct advantages . First , the material will be lighter than metal , and weight is a precious commodity in a launch vehicle . Every gram of a rocket 's structure brings with it a cost in fuel . Second , the strength of the composite body lets Firefly use autogenous—that is , self-pressurizing—engines .
Engine pressurization is n't an immediately obvious requirement for a layperson to grasp , but it 's a requirement nonetheless . To make a rocket burn fuel , you have to get that fuel from the tank to the combustion chamber . Pushing the fuel out of the tank requires exerting pressure that exceeds the pressure in the combustion chamber ( the `` chamber pressure '' ) . Traditionally , this pressure is exerted by some combination of mechanical pumps pulling on the fuel and also by pumping an inert gas , like helium , into the part of the fuel tank not occupied by fuel . As more fuel is expended , more pressurized gas is pumped in , keeping the fuel under the appropriate amount of pressure . At the end of the burn , you wind up with a tank of pressurized helium ( and some residual propellant ) , which must then be dumped .
Hauling up that pressurized helium and pumping it requires its own separate set of tanks and pumps and valves and control systems , which in turn means more complexity and , worse , more weight . Rather than introduce an inert gas to keep its tanks pressurized , Firefly 's rockets are autogenously pressurized . This means they completely pressurize themselves by converting some of their own methane fuel to gas and feeding that gas into the tank ; at the end of the burn , the tank is then filled with pressurized propellant gas , which can also be burned for some additional thrust .
By Lee Camp , the host and head writer of the comedy news show “ Redacted Tonight ” that airs every Friday on RT America and at YouTube.com/RedactedTonight . He 's a former comedy writer for the Onion and the Huffington Post
The corporate media is nervous now . They 're nervous because people are waking up to the realization that the mainstream media – almost without exception – toes a pro-war , pro-Wall Street , pro-profit-over-people line . Cable news and the other corporate info sources rarely question the heart of our system . We know now they will never provide us with all the information we need to act as an informed republic . Every topic they cover is weighed against a giant sack of dollar bills .
The corporate media is nervous because this awakening has proved so powerful it nearly made Bernie Sanders the Democratic nominee even though Hillary Clinton received at least 10 times as much media coverage as them and Donald Trump received 23 times as much .
They are nervous because Black Lives Matter became a powerful force despite largely negative corporate media coverage .
They are nervous because Occupy Wall Street became an international phenomenon despite zero media coverage for the first several weeks , followed by largely negative coverage .
They are nervous because Standing Rock became a national flashpoint for the fight against big oil and big corporations , even though it also received little to no corporate media coverage .
They are nervous because Americans are talking about things like single-payer healthcare , legalizing marijuana , shrinking our military empire ( with roughly 1,000 military bases around the world ) , keeping net neutrality , and so much more . Even though these issues are nearly blacked out on mainstream corporate media , Americans are talking about them and getting angry .
So where is the information coming from if not the giant media monopolies ?
This world-changing news and thought is pouring forth from crucial outlets like Naked Capitalism . If we want to even begin to have hope that human beings can stand up against inverted totalitarianism and the rule of the corporate state , then we all need to support alternative media . That means you . Now . Give whatever you can , whether it 's $ 5 or $ 50 or $ 5000 . The Tip Jar tells you how .
I have a unique relationship with Naked Capitalism because the first time I wrote a piece for Yves was after I was extensively attacked on the front page of the arts section in the New York Times . Apparently the mainstream outlets are so nervous about alternative media , that they 're devoting entire hit pieces to political comedians who say all the things they refuse to .
I penned an in-depth response to the propaganda unleashed against me and none of the outlets I approached were willing to publish it except Naked Capitalism . Once my response went viral , garnering hundreds of thousands of views and forcing the New YorkTimes to issue corrections – Only THEN did other outlets pick up my piece . So without Naked Capitalism , I 'm not sure the truth about the New York Times ' utter bullshit would 've gotten out there .
There is an information war going on right now . Google and Facebook have joined the corporate media forces . Their new search protocols have crushed the traffic to many leading left-wing sites . YouTube has also demonitized and suppressed many , if not all , leading alternative news channels . For all these reasons it is crucial you help Naked Capitalism continue its work .
We are willing to pay for so much in our society . We 're willing to pay for an Uber home so we do n't have to wait for the bus , willing to pay an extra $ 40 to board a plane a few minutes earlier than others , willing to pay $ 5 for a latte , $ 15 for an eyebrow threading , and hundreds of dollars to get that tattoo of Dave Matthews Band removed from our back . We are all willing to pay for SO MUCH and yet so few of us are willing to pay a small amount to maintain one of the pillars of our society – a genuine , wide-ranging information flow outside the gooey tentacles of massive corporations . It truly is up to you and me to make sure outlets like Naked Capitalism continue . So please , given generously to Naked Capitalism now . The Tip Jar beckons .
Information is revolution . The only hope I see that our society will ever change for the good – will ever become a sustainable , egalitarian , ACCOUNTABLE representative democracy – The only hope I see for that is by maintaining powerful alternative media outlets like Naked Capitalism .
Give whatever you can . Give like you mean it . Even if that 's only a little , it makes a difference because others can provide more . You are investing in getting better information , making voices heard , and loosening the stranglehold of elite bought-and-paid for corporate media . You are investing in your future .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
The roof of Montreal 's Olympic Stadium , which housed 1976 gold-medal feats of Bruce Jenner and Edwin Moses , is continuing to deteriorate at an eye-opening rate .
Daily inspections from November to May found more than 2,700 rips in the roof , according to CBC . That averages out to about 12 rips per day . David Heurtel , the president and CEO of Montreal 's Olympic Park , said the rips are usually a few millimeters or centimeters long and patched up .
CBC reported that the roof ripped a total of 1,240 in all of 2012 and that it ripped about 30 t0 40 times per year in the first few decades of its existence .
“ The degradation of the mechanical properties of the fabric are significant , and aging is more significant than anticipated , ” a report by the Olympic Installations Board read in April , according to CBC .
The Olympic Stadium 's calendar is n't as busy as it used to be .
It housed the MLB 's Montreal Expos up until the franchise moved to Washington , D.C. in 2004 . The MLS ' Montreal Impact played temporarily at the Olympic Stadium while its primary home field , Stade Saputo , was expanded in its expansion year of 2012 . The Impact played two games at the Olympic Stadium in March but do n't have any more game scheduled there this year .
The Montreal Alouettes had approached Heurtel about hosting the Grey Cup in 2017 at the stadium , but Heurtel says they do n't know if the stadium will be able to follow through . “ The CFL needs to have a guarantee of a 40,000 seats plus venue to even consider the candidacy . And right now we can not give them any type of guarantee , “ they said .
In April , CBC reported that Quebec 's tourism minister said they expect the government to finalize plans for a new roof by the end of the year .
In Wednesday 's report , the president and CEO of Olympic Park said it could cost between $ 200 million and $ 500 million to replace the roof and that he 's in discussions with the province to raise the funds . Repairs in 2012 cost more than $ 300,000 .
“ This is an investment , ” Heurtel told CBC . “ We can have a lot more jobs generated by this , a lot more tourism .
“ It 's our international symbol . ”
Not everyone agrees .
“ Enough is enough , I mean blow up the sucker , ” Montreal Gazette columnist Bill Brownstein said , according to an April CBC story . “ You ca n't even use it in the winter , parking is a problem , inside structurally there are problems galore .
“ The joke is on us after a while . How long do we have to continue paying for all of this ? ”
Some Sochi Olympic champions will receive meteorite medals
A study obtained by BBC Sport and conducted by management consultants Cornerstone Global indicates there is `` an increasing political risk that Qatar may not host the World Cup in 2022 . ''
Qatar is currently set to host the World Cup in 2022 , with construction companies working on a $ 200-billion infrastructure project to build or expand on 12 venues , a project the study calls `` high-risk . '' The event is cast in further doubt as relations between the small , gas-rich emirate and four surrounding countries - Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Egypt , and Bahrain - have deteriorated due to a perception that Qatar was destabilising the Middle East and supporting terrorism .
All four countries cut air and sea links with Qatar in June as a result .
The study , entitled `` Qatar in focus : Is the FIFA World Cup 2022 in danger ? '' and reportedly conducted without government or outside company funding , claims `` tournament insiders and regional experts '' have stated that `` it is far from certain Doha will actually host the tournament . '' It also states that `` Western diplomats have privately stated they do not know whether or not the tournament will take place as planned . ''
The report adds : `` The reasons for this are many and include open allegations of corruption - both in the bidding process and in the infrastructure development .
`` Qatar is under greater pressure regarding its hosting of the tournament ... the current political crisis has seen - or at least raised the possibility of - a Qatari opposition movement emerging .
`` This means an increased risk for those working on , or seeking contracts for World Cup 2022 infrastructure ... with a risk of non-payment and no realistic ability to enforce any legal contracts .
`` Given the current political situation ... it is certainly possible that the tournament will not be held in Qatar . ''
Qatar 's World Cup bid has repeatedly been criticised from the beginning , as the bid faces accusations of corruption , even when it was announced in 2010 .
The building of its stadiums is also controversial as a reported 800,000 migrant workers face inhumane working conditions in extreme heat - coincidentally , another point of contention as the World Cup in Qatar will have to be played in the winter months and thus clashes with club schedules around the world .
All the while , approximately 1,200 workers have already died , according to a report published by the International Trades Union Confederation ( ITUC ) in March of 2014 .
In response to the study , however , Qatar 's Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy offered : `` The intention to create doubt regarding the tournament , while attempting to cause resentment amongst Qatari citizens and anxiety amongst foreign businesses and residents , is as transparent as it is laughable .
`` Despite the ambitious title of this report , there is absolutely no risk to the future of the first World Cup in the Middle East . ''
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans most frequently mention Iran when asked to name the country they consider to be the United States ' greatest enemy , and the 32 % who do so is up from 25 % in 2011 . China is second on the list , with significantly fewer Americans mentioning North Korea , Afghanistan , and Iraq -- the countries that round out the top five .
These results are based on Gallup 's annual World Affairs poll , conducted Feb. 2-5 , 2012 . The contour of responses to this `` greatest enemy '' question has changed substantially over the seven times Gallup has asked it since 2001 . Americans most frequently mentioned Iraq as the United States ' greatest enemy in 2001 -- before the U.S. invaded the country and removed Saddam Hussein from power -- and in 2005 , when it tied North Korea . Iran has topped the list in each of the five surveys since .
More Americans Now Name Iran Greatest Enemy
The 32 % of Americans who name Iran is the highest reading Gallup has measured for that country , and is up from 25 % last year .
More Americans mention China as the United States ' greatest enemy ( 23 % ) this year than at any point in the 11-year history of the question , likely reflecting at least in part Americans ' concern over China 's global economic influence . Last year , China tied North Korea for second place , but mentions of North Korea have declined , leaving China alone in second place in 2012 .
Also , over the last two years , Americans have been modestly more likely to mention Afghanistan as the nation 's greatest enemy than in years prior , perhaps partly because U.S. attention has turned away from Iraq . Mentions of Iraq have dropped significantly since 2008 .
Republicans More Likely Than Democrats to Name Iran and China
Iran rates as the top enemy among all party groups , though Republicans are slightly more likely than independents or Democrats to mention Iran . Republicans are also more likely to mention China than are Democrats .
Democrats are more likely to mention Afghanistan as the nation 's greatest enemy , although this difference is not large .
Implications
Iran 's continued public announcements of its growing nuclear capabilities , its threats of war with U.S. ally Israel , and the possibility that Iran could disrupt the flow of oil out of the Middle East and further affect domestic oil and gas prices no doubt all contribute to Americans ' negative views of the country .
Americans are now more likely to name China as the greatest U.S. enemy than at any time over the past 11 years , although probably for different reasons than is the case for Iran . Americans now view China as the world 's greatest economic power , and China 's impact on the United States ' economic situation may be the driving force behind Americans ' increasingly apprehensive views of that country .
Americans ' views of Iran as the greatest enemy of the United States align with the highly unfavorable ratings they give to the country . Iran 's 87 % unfavorable rating is the most negative for any country measured in Gallup 's February World Affairs survey .
On the other hand , while China is second on Americans ' greatest enemy list , it has a significantly more positive image than Iran , North Korea , Afghanistan , or Iraq , the four countries that join China in constituting the top five on Americans ' greatest U.S. enemies list . Americans give China a 41 % favorable rating , while North Korea , Afghanistan , and Iraq have favorable ratings of 24 % of lower .
BEREA , Ohio -- Like a lot of things Brian Hoyer references in conversation , they first learned the “ Ignore the noise '' mindset in New England , that Patriots mantra that reminds you to slap the blinders on and screen out everything but the task directly in front of you . He 's a Brown now , but it 's certainly an approach that 's coming in handy in Cleveland .
Somehow Hoyer is managing it even here , despite dealing with the seemingly historic tsunami of noise known as Manziel Mania . Others may drown in it , but so far the veteran Browns ' quarterback has n't really struggled with the celebrated arrival of Cleveland 's future at the quarterback position . It may be well understood that Johnny Manziel owns tomorrow , but Hoyer still has a pretty good grasp on the present in Browns training camp , and they do n't buy into the narrative that he 's in a battle they ca n't win .
You wo n't get Hoyer to play along with the storyline that goes like this : Poor , Brian Hoyer . Spent all those years backing up Tom Brady in New England , finally got their dream-come-true shot in their hometown of Cleveland and blew out their knee after going 3-0 as the Browns ' starter in 2013 . Came back strong , only to see the Browns change coaches and front office personnel and wind up spending a first-round pick on Manziel , the former Texas A & M Heisman winner and presumed franchise savior . What lousy timing yet again for the underdog . All that 's left is for the rookie to beat out the sixth-year journeyman and get on with the fascinating saga that everyone is tuning in to see .
Except that Hoyer is n't following the script , or has their own . Instead he 's playing well , and he 's not going to be easily beaten out for the Browns starting job . Manziel 's time will no doubt come , but summer could well give way to fall before it does . If then .
“ The name of this game is to get somebody who 's younger and better , and they know that , '' veteran Browns receiver Nate Burleson said , of Hoyer . “ Here they are , coming off [ an ACL ] injury , and they know they have to prove their knee 's all right , they know that they have to capture this team , and the even bigger issue probably is that they have to capture that outside audience , because everybody 's screaming for Johnny and rightfully so .
“ But he 's OK with that . He 's handled it the right way and you can tell it did n't shake them or throw them off their game when Johnny was drafted . He 's like , ‘ Look , when I go out there and make plays , I 'll let things shake out however they will . ' It 's not their decision to make , and the only thing they can control , making plays on the field , he 's doing a pretty good job of that . ''
Early in camp at least , before the preseason games even start to clarify things a little , Hoyer has held a clear edge over Manziel in their battle . In the two days of practices I watched , Hoyer looked much smoother and more comfortable in new offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan 's system , knows the playbook inside out and has been the sharper and more consistent passer and playmaker . Manziel has flashed at times , but they have for the most part looked like the rookie quarterback they are : The good , the bad , the occasional ugly . Their reps have been with the No . 2 offense , and Hoyer has led the Browns ' first team .
Cleveland does n't open its preseason for another 10 days or so , at Detroit next Saturday , but it 's obviously Hoyer 's job to lose as August arrives . And no one I talked to at the Browns seems the least bit surprised about that .
“ Getting ready to play against them a year ago [ as Buffalo 's defensive coordinator ] , I thought this was a guy people have kind of fallen asleep on , '' first-year Browns head coach Mike Pettine said , of Hoyer . “ I thought they were a quality quarterback when we went against them last year , but unfortunately it was in our game where they got injured . As I 've said , it will be difficult to beat Brian out . It 's a tall task [ for a rookie ] given the way the rules are and the limited amount of practice time and reps you can have now . Brian 's had a solid head start in the spring in the playbook , and he 's a veteran guy . I 've been impressed with him . ''
Hoyer , 28 , is not deluding themselves when it comes to the realities of their situation in Cleveland . First-round quarterbacks hit the field sooner rather than later in the NFL , and that means Manziel 's starting opportunity will probably arrive in weeks , not months . But for now , the blinders are on , and their challenge is to make Manziel 's task as difficult as possible , giving the rookie no opening ,
“ When last year 's [ coaching ] staff was fired I knew I was going to have to earn it all over again , '' said Hoyer , who started in Weeks 3-5 for Cleveland last year before the ACL injury , becoming the first Browns ' quarterback to ever win their first three starts . “ For me , with the way my career has gone , even had I started all last year and things [ had ] gone great , I still think I 'm coming out here every day thinking if I do n't play good I 'm going to get cut . That 's been my mentality since I was in New England . But sometimes that 's best the best thing for you , to have that pressure . ''
Hoyer said they realize Manziel Mania swirls around him , but other than the first practice of Browns training camp , when they looked a little too jacked up and eager to impress for their own good , no one has seen any signs of them giving in to the carnival atmosphere that has descended on Cleveland since Manziel arrived .
“ It 's pretty easy to stay focused when you do n't go and watch SportsCenter or NFL Network or go online , '' Hoyer said . “ There 's so much coverage , but you 've really just got to block it out . The only thing that really matters in this situation is what happens in this building . There is this competition going on , but the main thing I feel is I 'm competing with myself to be the best quarterback for this team . And then the rest will take care of itself . ''
Teammates describe Hoyer and Manziel as being equally intense competitors who are trying to out-do each other on the field at every moment , but Hoyer has nothing but positives to say about their 21-year-old potential successor .
“ All I can say about the kid is when he 's in the building , they do everything the right way , '' Hoyer said . “ He 's in meetings , he 's asking questions , he 's working hard . I got asked the other day about their offseason . I do n't know anything about that . I have no idea . But there are no rules about what you can and ca n't do when you 're away from the building . He 's definitely a talented kid and they are who they are , a guy who won the Heisman Trophy . ''
Browns players so far have been careful to not publicly take sides in the team 's quarterback competition , but it 's clear Hoyer has no shortage of fans within the organization . And last year 's 3-0 record as a starter has plenty to do with that , given Cleveland went 1-12 in games started by anyone else . Brandon Weeden and Jason Campbell were not retained by the team 's new regime of Pettine and general manager Ray Farmer , but Hoyer was .
“ He played well and we won when they played , and that 's all you can really ask for as a quarterback , to lead your team to victory , '' Browns star tight end Jordan Cameron said . “ And they did it the right way . They prepare so well . Their locker is right next to mine , and I see how he 's always trying to get better . It 's contagious and you need a guy like that to lead the team . ''
Before their first start last season -- in Week 3 at Minnesota , a 31-27 defeat of the Vikings -- Hoyer , as Cameron recalls , almost pestered them into pre-game preparation they did n't see the need for . Until the following day , that is .
“ After the team meeting the night before the game , they came up to everyone and they were like ‘ C'mere , c'mere , c'mere . ' I 'm like , ‘ What 's going on ? ' And I did n't know anything about Brian Hoyer , but they had a sheet of all these notes . I was like , ‘ Oh , man . ' It 's literally like 9:30-9:45 p.m. and I 'm trying to get some food , and they sit down and says , ‘ Alright , when you get this look , this is going to happen , so you do this . And when you get this look , do this , ' and he 's just going down the line picking people out of the food line to go over all this and telling them what to do .
“ And sure enough those looks came up in the game . And they probably even told me I was going to catch the game-winning touchdown pass that day , and I did . Stuff like that , that 's what you want out of a QB . After that you realize they know what he 's doing , they know what they want , and I 'm following him . ''
Pettine has said they intend to make a decision on their starting quarterback by Week 3 of the preseason , and until then , the competition is on . But Hoyer working with the 1 's in practice and Manziel with the 2 's speaks volumes at the moment , even though Pettine has said he 'll give Manziel first-team reps soon .
“ Our primary position here is to drive competition , to force Brian to play as well as they can and same with Johnny , '' Farmer said . “ We want to make them both compete themselves into a tizzy , to where somebody will step up and really demonstrate they 're the guy .
“ But Brian has been a pro 's pro so far with Manziel Mania . It 's not easy when there 's a lot of chatter , or we 'll call it scuttlebutt , attached to any one player , especially somebody competing at your position and for your specific job , if you will . Any time there 's so much fanfare around one guy , you hear it . There 's a lot of noise , but he 's handled it like a pro . ''
Hoyer did n't set the world on fire in their three-game starting stint last year in Cleveland , except perhaps by the Browns ' anemic quarterback standards : 57-of-96 ( 59.4 ) , for 615 yards , with five touchdowns , three interceptions , 6.41 yards per attempt and a 82.6 rating . But Cleveland did top 30 points twice in their three starts , and managed just one other such outing the entire season . Their accuracy and decision-making were strengths , and they were no mere game manager as a quarterback .
“ People were questioning the sample size of their playing time and the durability issue , those are the biggest negatives , '' Pettine said . “ But I do n't think anybody questioned what they did when they were in there . They were a solid NFL starter . ''
But for how long will they continue to be ? In Cleveland , that 's the question that everyone ca n't wait to get answered . To their credit , Pettine knows that 's part of the deal they and their Browns have bargained for this season .
“ It 's the formula for success , right ? '' Pettine said . “ First-year head coach , rookie quarterback , quarterback controversy . It 's all there . I 've seen people have us in their power rankings at 33 . So we can only go up . ''
The noise rages on in Cleveland , but Hoyer hopes to do their part to quiet it for now . Everyone knows it 'll be Manziel 's team some day . Just not today .
Will God Forgive Will Lynch For Beating Up The Priest Who Forced Him To Fellate Their Brother When They Were Boys ?
What to do if you 're Will Lynch ( pictured ) , a 43-year-old San Francisco man , who 's still just a bit upset over being molested by their priest — and forced to have sex with their own brother in the woods — when they were a boy ? You find that priest and kick their ass . And then get arrested .
Lynch was released on $ 25,000 bail yesterday after surrendering to police earlier in the day . Facing charges of assault with a deadly weapon for attacking the Rev . Jerold Lindner — known as Father Jerry — on May 10 . Lynch allegedly stopped by the Jesuit Sacred Heart Retirement Center in Los Gatos , where their 65-year-old former Jesuit priest lives , under the guise of a visitor delivering news of a family member 's death ; instead , police say Lynch began punching them in the lobby in front of others and fleeing on foot when Lindner fell to the ground .
And that 's the difference between Lynch and Lindner : Lynch allegedly assaulted the priest in front of on-lookers , while Lindner allegedly assaulted the then-7-year-old boy and their 5-year-old brother Bart without witnesses . ( The woods sure can be a private place ! ) And perhaps that 's why Lindner was never charged with any abuse , and Lynch faces felony charges and four years in prison .
Lindner and the church did , however , pay a $ 625,000 settlement to Lynch and their brother in 1998 following allegations of the 1975 molestation in the Santa Cruz Mountains , which included forced oral sex between the brothers , as well as physical torture of the boys ( Lindner allegedly sodomized Will during the fellatio ) . Lindner has faced accusations of sexual abuse from at least a dozen other victims , including nieces and nephews and their own sister when they were as young as three . None of which kept Lindner from the church : Despite being named in two sexual abuse lawsuits in the years before and after the Lynch boys ' abuse , Lindner was removed from the church only in 2001 and sent to the Jesuit retirement home . Those cases settled in 2007 as part of a $ 660 million deal with 550 plaintiffs .
Lynch has faced a world of hurt since the molestation , reportedly attempting suicide twice and suffering from depression and alcohol abuse . In a 2002 interview , Lynch told the LAT , “ Many times I thought of driving down to LA and confronting Father Jerry . I wanted to exorcise all of the rage and anger and bitterness they put into me . You ca n't put into words what this guy did to me . They stole my innocence and destroyed my life. ” But he 's likely out of luck if they want to see Lindner criminally prosecuted : the 35-year-old crime falls outside the statute of limitations . And given Lindner spent 16 years teaching at the Los Angeles area Loyola High School , where they formed after school clubs , I would imagine there are more stories out there too late to punish Lindner with .
After driving themselves to the hospital to tend to their cuts and bruisers , Lindner is back at the retirement home , where depending on who you ask , they either “ cares for ” some 75 infirm priests or communes with other sex offenders : A $ 7.5 million settlement was paid to two developmentally disabled dishwashers who alleged sexual abuse at the retirement hom . ; Lindner befriended Br . Charles Connor , one of the men accused of the abuse .
Lynch 's attorney says their client is not guilty . [ KTVU ; AP ; Read more about the Lynch molestation accusations at Counter Punch ]
Updated A Danish copyright group has won a court order to block music streaming site Grooveshark from the nation 's pastry-munching pirates .
In a report of questionable accuracy * ( the plaintiff RettighedsAlliancen is incorrectly described as a `` local IFPI '' ) at tech site Comon Hutch-owned mobile operator 3 must implement the block immediately . Denmark was one of the first to implement DNS-level blocking , first against Pirate Bay more than three years ago . An appeal is expected .
Grooveshark is being sued by US songwriters and Universal Music . It is n't in dispute that Grooveshark did n't have a licence , with key investor Sina Simantob explaining in an email that `` we bet the company on the fact that it is easier to ask for forgiveness than it is to ask for permission '' . But Universal has also claimed that Grooveshark staff were on an incentive program - the more unlicensed music they uploaded , they more money they got . Grooveshark contests the claim .
Private litigation to block rogue websites is succeeding where SOPA failed . Web-blocking attempts have succeeded in the UK ( under Section 97a of the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act ) , with Sky following BT in blocking Newzbin2 . Italy , Denmark , Belgium , and the Netherlands also implement blocking . In Ireland , music rights group IRMA has filed a high court action to compel the government to block sites , and a statutory instrument enabling injunctions is expected . Several of these states already block rogue sites at the DNS level . ®
Updated to add
Twine has risen to prominence as an accessible , powerful tool for creative narrative-based games . Now , TV host Stephen Colbert has jumped onto the tool with a new , free game : Escape from the Man-Sized Cabinet .
As the title suggests , you play as Colbert -- trapped in a cabinet . The adventure , predictably , does not end there ( there 's even a centaur . ) It was created ( at least in part ) by Rob Dubbin , who writes for Colbert 's show and is also a software developer .
It 's a simple and silly game , but it highlights the appeal of Twine very quickly . If you 're eager to learn more about the rise of the Twine game , read our 2013 roundtable on `` the interactive fiction Renaissance , '' our interview with Twine 's developer Chris Klimas as they released the latest version late last year , or Insomniac Games ' designer Liz England 's guide to Twine for game developers .
Taipei , Nov. 4 ( CNA ) The 2016 New Year 's fireworks display at the Taipei 101 building will not only be the longest one ever at the skyscraper , it might also be the last .
Due to difficulties finding sponsors and growing concerns about the environmental impact of fireworks , the Taipei 101 company has been discussing the idea of replacing the fireworks with light-emitting diode ( LED ) displays in the future , Taipei 101 spokesperson Michael Liu ( 劉家豪 ) said Wednesday .
The 2016 fireworks display will last 238 seconds , and is estimated to cost NT $ 45 million ( US $ 1.4 million ) . A total of 30,000 rounds of fireworks are expected to be set off at the Taipei 101 skyscraper , starting at midnight Dec. 31 .
`` Nature is Future '' will be the theme of the 2016 display , and images of fish , flowers and plants will be depicted for the first time to raise awareness of environmental protection .
Liu said their company had been hoping to cooperate with other skyscrapers in the area to stage the fireworks display , but the plan fell through because the executives of many of those buildings were worried about safety and crowd evacuation plans .
The Taipei 101 company has allocated more than NT $ 50 million over a two-year period to change its building lights into LED lights , Liu said .
After the change , the lights will be brighter and the control system smarter so that different lighting shows could be created in the future to celebrate various holidays and festivals , they said .
( By Lin Meng-ju and Christie Chen )
ENDITEM/pc
2015 's New Year fireworks :
A trio of former financial executives from General Electric are headed to prison after being found guilty of defrauding taxpayers in the municipal bond market .
The men are the first to be sentenced as part of the government 's ongoing investigation of bid-rigging in auctions for the investment of municipal bond proceeds by some of Wall Street 's biggest firms . The probe has yielded 20 indictments so far , with defendants coming from institutions including Bank of America ( BAC ) , JPMorgan ( JPM ) and UBS ( UBS ) .
The three men sentenced Thursday formerly worked at General Electric 's ( GE ) GE Capital unit , where prosecutors say they colluded with counterparts at other firms to rip off bond issuers . Two men -- Dominick Carollo and Peter Grimm -- received three years in prison , while the third , Steven Goldberg , got four years .
Prosecutors had requested 10 years in prison for Carollo , as well as up to 12 years for Grimm and 17 for Goldberg .
How the scheme worked : When states and local governments issue bonds , they usually do n't spend all the proceeds right away . To figure out how to invest the extra money , they hire brokers who manage a bidding process among financial institutions competing for their business .
Bids are solicited from firms like UBS and JPMorgan , which submit the interest rates they 're willing to offer on the extra bond proceeds . The winning institution , generally , is the one that offers the highest rate of return .
In cases like that of the former GE executives , prosecutors say the process was corrupted when executives from different firms conspired with one another , dividing up business in advance and devising their bids in cooperation , a practice known as bid-rigging . This allowed the winning bidders to offer issuers lower rates of return than they would have secured through an honest process .
Related : Bankers nabbed in bid-rigging scandal
`` Quite simply , the defendants stole money from taxpayers and conspired to manipulate the competitive bidding system to benefit themselves instead of the towns and cities that needed this money for important public works projects , '' Richard Weber , head of the IRS 's criminal division , said in a statement . The three men helped rig dozens of bidding processes , the government says , costing municipalities around the country millions of dollars .
John Siffert , a lawyer for Goldberg , said they planned to appeal .
Attorneys for the other two defendants did not respond to requests for comment . A GE Capital spokesperson declined to comment .
NVIDIA 's GPU Technology Conference ( GTC , held April 8-12 , 2017 ) is this editor 's favorite conference/trade show , having attended 7 GTCs since NVISION '08 . The GTC is an important trade conference that is represented by every major automaker , most major labs , and every major technology company .
Although it costs $ 660 for a single day pass to this 5-day conference , it gets far more crowded with each successive year with about 7,000 attending this event – up 1,500 over last year 's GTC and with over 20,000 attendees at other worldwide GTC events last year . Yet there was no emphasis placed on the GPU for gaming which is half of NVIDIA 's business . No consumer media press were invited as this GTC was simply not about GeForce . However , this GTC 2017 was absolutely fascinating from this gamer 's perspective because of the release of new architecture with Volta GV100 , and perhaps we can even speculate somewhat about NVIDIA 's future GeForce roadmap by analyzing their recent pattern of GPU architecture releases and the timing of GeForce video cards releases .
The GTC is all about the GPU and harnessing its massive parallel power to significantly improve the way humans compute and play games . This year , the emphasis continues to be on AI and on deep learning . A new Volta architecture was announced by NVIDIA 's CEO Jensen during last Wednesday 's keynote featuring GV100 Tesla for high performance computing ( HPC ) , and gamers want to know if Volta GeForce gaming GPUs and video cards are far behind . We have to say , perhaps yes , if Pascal 's GP100 launch at last year 's GTC is any indication .
First , let 's take a look at GTC 2017 where additional emphasis has been placed on serving the scientific community because of the explosion in research and development of programs focusing on artificial intelligence ( AI ) . AI requires deep learning programming which means that machines need to be able to self-learn by analyzing massive data sets and they must be able to draw accurate conclusions . And these massive data sets require faster and faster GPUs to process them more quickly . These GPUs are co-processors with the CPU , and they are basically the same whether used for AI or for playing PC games .
Although Pascal 's GP100 was released at last years GTC 2016 and the Pascal architecture is only one year old , we now have Volta architecture and GV100 released at GTC 2017 ! We already knew that Summit is a supercomputer being developed by IBM for use at Oak Ridge National Laboratory to replace Titan that will be powered by IBM 's POWER9 CPUs and Nvidia Volta GPUs and it will be finished in 2017 . However , it is pretty exciting to realize that GV100 will actually be available to buy next quarter for HPC .
The new Volta specifications are impressive – compare Volta 's GV100 with Pascal 's GP100 and Maxwell 's GM200 before it from NVIDIA 's chart . The image below from NVIDIA 's site shows a full GV100 GPU with 84 SMs . Just as with previous architecture , a GPU may use different configurations of the full GPU . For example , the Tesla V100 accelerator uses 80 SMs . A full GV100 GPU has a total of 5376 FP32 cores , 5376 INT32 cores , 2688 FP64 cores , 672 Tensor Cores , and 336 texture units . Each memory controller works with 768 KB of L2 cache for a total of 6144 KB of L2 cache in the full chip , and each HBM2 DRAM stack is controlled by a pair of memory controllers .
Here is the SM diagram below which has been redesigned and improved from Pascal architecture . Volta architecture appears to be a pretty significant departure from Pascal architecture , and perhaps NVIDIA 's biggest change to their architecture since Fermi .
We have little idea yet how the new SMs will provide performance speed-up for Volta GeForce gamers . And something new for GV100 architecture are Tensor cores which work particularly well for Tensor deep learning Matrix calculations . Where these kinds of calculations are used , there will be significant speed up in the order of 8X or more over Pascal .
So what does this mean for gamers ? Mixed Precision Matrix math is not used for PC gaming . GV100 's Tensor cores probably wo n't be used for gaming as they are optimized for deep learning inferencing and training which is an important part of high performance computing ( HPC ) . NVIDIA advertises the GV100 as “ the fastest and most productive GPU for deep learning and HPC ” . The GV100 will cost over $ 18,500 each in quantities of 8 when purchased as a Volta DGX-1 deep learning box in Q3 .
Because this chip is so massive – 21 billion transistors on a 815 mm^2 die size which is at the reticle limit of TSMC – it is reasonable to assume that yields at first probably are n't very good and NVIDIA will provide these brand new GPUs first to those in the scientific community and to business who find these fastest GPUs affordable and perhaps even indispensable to their work . In Q4 , the GV100 will become more widely available as Tesla and we can assume that if it follows Pascal 's pattern , we may even see a Volta V6000 GPU for Quadro announced , perhaps later this year . As for gamers , it is perhaps reasonable to speculate that we may see a ‘ GV104 ' – a cut-down and simplified GeForce gaming GPU without the deep learning instruction sets – available sooner rather than later .
With Pascal architecture , GeForce video cards came less than one month from the GP100 's announcement at last year 's 2016 GTC to Editor 's Day in Austin where the GTX 1080 and GTX 1070 were announced . The architectural changes and refinements that makes Volta faster than Pascal for deep learning/AI , workstations and creation , and crunching numbers , will also likely make it faster when optimized for gaming and perhaps even more so for DX12 than Pascal is .
It is certainly possible that AMD 's Vega may end up facing Volta rather than Pascal . On the professional front , AMD has just released Vega as the Radeon Frontier Edition with availability next month , and consumer Vega Radeons evidently are to come in the second half of 2017 . Of course , only NVIDIA ( and AMD ) knows their own timing , but it is very exciting for gamers to realize that a brand new Volta architecture for both deep learning , HPC , and for graphics has been announced and it will be shortly available for researchers and programmers with deep pockets .
Some other big announcements were made at this year 's GTC that should interest gamers including NVIDIA 's Project Holodeck . NVIDIA believes that a holodeck is ultimately the future of VR and they are expressing their vision for collaboration in a way that will deal with photorealistic models , interactive physics including audio and haptic .
Although Project Holodeck is not a gaming-oriented project , eventually it could be massively multiplayer . It is based on the Unreal Engine and is as yet a concept , a demo of what can be – future possibilities .
As detailed in the professional meeting at the GTC 2017 covering Quadro products , the Holodeck software is based on NVIDIA 's existing technology including VRWorks , DesignWorks , GameWorks , and requires NVIDIA 's fastest VR ready GPUs of which no doubt Volta will play a future part . And a very big part of Holodeck Software will be based on VRWorks . Everywhere one looked at the GTC , Virtual Reality ( VR ) and VR demos were everywhere .
This time , the VR emphasis was less on VR games than at previous GTCs . Inside NVIDIA 's VR Village , this editor got to experience a London historic bank building that was recreated from photographs in VR as well as NVIDIA 's own headquarters under construction and during the building process using the Vive HMD .
Of course , VR demos still include gaming and BTR is shortly going to be benchmarking VR games much as we benchmark PC games , but now by using video benchmarking and NVIDIA 's FCAT VR benching tool .
We were able to attend the press question and answer session , but NVIDIA officials refused to comment on the elephant in the room – the GeForce GPU that will ultimately be derived from Vega . The Quadro session detailed the “ future of work ” and it was noted that collaborative VR is not too far in the distant future .
Visual computing also includes gaming .
NVIDIA also showed off deep learning for Ray Tracing
Time is of the essence for most developers , and Ray Tracing takes a lot of time . By using deep learning coupled with AI/deep learning results in a production render approximately 4x faster than the usual process . This will be available for Volta as well as for Pascal-based Quadros .
One of the biggest announcements was regarding Toyota using NVIDIA 's Drive PX for their autonomous vehicles , a very big announcement indeed .
In addition to VR and Project Holodeck , NVIDIA 's Isaac advances training and testing of robots by using simulations . Before deployment , robots must be extensively trained and tested which can be expensive and impractical using physical prototypes and modeling all possible interactions between a robot and its environment .
The Isaac robot simulator provides an AI-based software solution for training robots in highly realistic virtual environments and then transferring what is learned to physical units . Isaac is built on Epic Games ' Unreal Engine 4 and uses NVIDIA 's simulation technologies . This robot simulator should be able to train robots much more quickly and with less expense than the current method .
We have had almost a week to think about GTC 2017 , and this is our summary of it . Bearing in mind past GTCs , we can not help but to compare them to each other . As gamers , we can be very interested in NVIDIA 's GTC even though it does not cover GeForce gaming directly . The very first tech article that this editor wrote covered NVISION 08 – a combination of LAN party and the GPU computing technology conference that was open to the public . We are still hoping that NVIDIA will do this again . The following year , NVIDIA held the first GTC in 2009 which was a much smaller industry event that was held at the Fairmont Hotel , across the street from the San Jose Convention Center , and it introduced Fermi architecture . This editor also attended GTC 2012 , and it introduced Kepler architecture .
Just three years ago we were in attendance at GTC 2014 where the big breakthrough in Deep Learning image recognition from raw pixels was “ a cat ” . The following year , at GTC 2015 , we saw that computers can easily recognize “ a bird on a branch ” faster than a well-trained human which demonstrates incredible progress in using the GPU for image detection . And at GTC 2016 , we saw computers creating works of art , and we also saw a deep learning computer beat the world champion Go player , something that researchers claimed would take decades more to accomplish .
Just one year ago at GTC 2016 , NVIDIA released the GP100 on brand-new Pascal architecture and now we have Volta GV100 available next quarter for HPC which was announced just ahead of AMD 's new Vega Radeon Frontier Edition for HPC . We want to thank NVIDIA for inviting this gamer to GTC 2017 and we look forward to returning next year , March 26-29 , for GTC 2018 .
These are exciting times for gamers and BTR will stay up with very latest news regarding Volta and Vega . We have returned to benching Virtual Reality using NVIDIA 's FCAT VR tool together with video benching , and we will post the second installment of our long-delayed series , next week . In the meantime , check out BTR 's Community – we have some of the best tech discussions anywhere !
Happy Gaming !
Italian authorities have seized €23 million ( $ 31 million Cdn ) of Vatican bank assets as part of an investigation into suspected money laundering .
The Vatican said it was confused as to why financial police targeted the funds in a Vatican account at the Rome branch of the Italian bank Credito Artigiano Spa .
`` The Holy See is perplexed and surprised by the initiatives of the Rome prosecutors , considering the data necessary is already available at the Bank of Italy , '' the Vatican said in a statement Tuesday .
The statue of the Lady of Lourdes is carried in a procession in Saint Peter 's Square on Feb. 11 .
Bank chairperson Ettore Gotti Tedeschi and director-general Paolo Cipriani are also being investigated to determine whether European Union money-laundering rules have been violated , news reports said .
The Vatican said it has the `` utmost faith '' in the two men who head the bank , officially known as the Institute for Religious Works ( IOR ) .
The probe is not the first time the bank has faced legal scrutiny . In the 1980s , it was implicated in a scandal that resulted in a banker being found hanging from Blackfriars Bridge in London .
Italian prosecutors maintain Roberto Calvi , head of the collapsed Banco Ambrosiano , was murdered , but there have been no convictions . The Vatican bank was Banco Ambrosiano 's main shareholder .
In its statement responding to the latest investigation , the Vatican said it had been working for some time to make its finances more transparent to comply with anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering regulations .
The bulk of the money seized on Tuesday — €20 million — was destined for JP Morgan in Frankfurt , with the remainder going to Banca del Fucino , according to news agencies ANSA and Apcom .
According to the reports , the Vatican bank had neglected to communicate to financial authorities where the money had come from .
The reports stressed that Gotti Tedeschi was n't being investigated for laundering money themselves but for a series of omissions in financial transactions .
Prosecutors declined requests seeking confirmation of the reports .
The attorney general of New York sued Donald Trump and three of their children on Thursday over what they described as “ persistently illegal conduct ” at the family ‘ s charitable foundation , an organization that has been good for the Trump family business and for Donald Trump 's political career but appears to have no philanthropic mission or focus .
In the suit , Barbara Underwood says they want the charity dissolved and the remaining $ 1 million in assets to be given out to actual charities that do actual good . They also want Trump to pay $ 2.8 million in restitution .
As David Fahrenthold of the Washington Post , who has done dogged work covering the Trump foundation since the campaign , has reported , funds from the charity were put toward decorating one of Trump 's golf clubs and to stage a multimillion-dollar giveaway at their 2016 campaign events .
At times the level of self-dealing inside the charity becomes downright comical . It spent $ 20,000 on a portrait of Donald Trump , Fahrenthold discovered , and $ 12,000 on buying Trump an autographed Tim Tebow helmet . When Trump 's Mar-a-Lago club racked up $ 120,000 in fines from the town of Palm Beach , Florida , for violating a local ordinance regarding the height of flagpoles , Trump eventually settled the dispute by agreeing to a $ 100,000 donation to a veterans ' charity — and then had their foundation rather than the club pay the tab .
At one point , the Trump Foundation operated like a fairly normal rich person 's poorly managed family foundation , receiving money from its founder and handing it out to this or that randomly selected cause . But in more recent years , as its founder has gotten less interested in real estate development and more interested in media celebrity and politics , it 's become rather unusual .
The Trump Foundation is n't funded by Trump 's own money . Instead , contributions mostly seem to come from a range of Trump 's business partners , allowing them to parlay celebrity into securing credit for charity work .
But much of the foundation 's spending does n't really fit the traditional conception of philanthropy at all . Some of the money seems to flow back into Trump 's pockets through their businesses , while other funds are used to punish their political enemies or try to gain new friends in the conservative movement .
It has even been used to pay out more than a quarter-million dollars to help settle lawsuits on behalf of Trump 's private businesses — just one of several times Trump has used tax-exempt nonprofit money in ways that violate the letter or the spirit of the laws governing charity in the United States . The Trump Foundation also appears to have been linked to efforts to shield Trump 's fake university from legal scrutiny .
Trump has also lied about the foundation repeatedly , claiming credit for charitable contributions that never happened .
The Trump Foundation is considerably smaller in scale than the much-more-covered Clinton Foundation , but it also gives every appearance of being much less involved in actually helping people and much more clearly involved in rule-breaking .
Yet while the Clinton Foundation has been the subject of dozens of investigations and thousands of takes over a period of nearly a decade ( my first Clinton Foundation take was published in October 2007 , for example ) the Trump Foundation has gone largely unscrutinized , except by Fahrenthold .
Now that Trump 's organization is headed to court , maybe that will change .
What does the Trump Foundation do ?
The Trump Foundation does not have what you would call a clear and straightforward charitable mission . It does n't focus on a particular social problem or set of social problems . Instead , it reflects the shifting agendas of its notoriously mercurial founder .
For example , back in 2014 the Trump Foundation made a $ 100,000 contribution to David Bossie 's conservative activist group Citizens United .
At this time , then-New York attorney-general Eric Schneiderman ( who has since stepped down over accusations of domestic violence ) was launching a fraud prosecution against Trump and Trump University . Bossie and Citizens United , meanwhile were suing Schneiderman in federal court over their effort to require nonprofits like Citizens United to disclose their donors under seal to the New York State Charities Bureau . The lawsuit was dismissed , and it 's hard to characterize this as a quid pro quo since Bossie 's interest in the cause of nontransparent political fundraising is well-known and sincere .
But Trump had never previously supported Citizens United , and , as Michael Isikoff reports , the Citizens United donation `` was by far the largest it gave to any organization that year , substantially exceeding its contributions to more traditional charities , such as the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society ( which got $ 50,000 ) , the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute ( $ 25,000 ) and the Police Athletic League ( $ 25,000 ) . ''
Trump , in essence , had an enemy in Schneiderman , so Trump used their foundation money ( money which , recall , was not donated out of their own pocket ) to help an enemy of their enemy .
Another oddity of the Trump Foundation is that even though it gives the superficial appearance of being a normal family foundation , they do n't actually fund it anymore and has n't done so for years . Trump is rich , and back in 1988 they created the foundation and bestowed it with the proceeds of their book , Trump : The Art of the Deal . The foundation 's specific undertakings did n't receive much attention over the years , as Trump was n't running for office and nitpicking the details of a wealthy individual 's charitable giving is considered rude . Trump 's campaign has changed that to an extent , and shined some light on a variety of unorthodox practices .
`` For one thing , '' Fahrenthold writes `` nearly all of its money comes from people other than Trump . In tax records , the last gift from Trump was in 2008 . Since then , all of the donations have been other people 's money — an arrangement that experts say is almost unheard of for a family foundation . ''
Wait — Trump 's foundation is n't their own money ?
That is correct . It 's not unusual for a nonprofit to be primarily financed by donors rather than by the founder , but that 's a very unusual situation for a family foundation .
And , indeed , Trump 's foundation did n't start out this way . Between 1987 and 2006 , Trump gave $ 5.4 million to their foundation with the vast majority of the money going out the door quickly to a range of fairly banal nonprofits . It never amassed a large war chest , and by the start of 2007 it had just $ 4,238 in assets . Nor did the Foundation ever hire professional staff or independent directors , relying instead on unpaid work by a five-person board composed of Trump himself , their daughter Ivanka , their sons Eric and Donald , and Allen Weisselberg , the Chief Financial Officer of the Trump Foundation . Tiffany Trump did not make the cut for some reason .
Trump 's donations trickled in 2007 and 2008 , and from 2009 onward Trump has given no money to the Foundation . Its largest donor , instead , is wrestling executives Vince and Linda McMahon , who 've given $ 5 million as part of a relationship with Trump that 's included them making appearances on their wrestling broadcasts .
Another noteworthy donor is NBC Universal , the company that aired Trump 's television show , The Apprentice ( NBC Universal is also an investor in Vox Media , Vox.com 's parent company ) , on which Trump pledging to make charitable contributions was a regular feature .
As Fahrenthold , writing with Alice Crites , explains :
The same thing happened numerous times on `` The Celebrity Apprentice . '' To console a fired or disappointed celebrity , Trump would promise a personal gift . On-air , Trump seemed to be explicit that this was n't TV fakery : The money they were giving was their own . `` Out of my wallet , '' Trump said in one case . `` Out of my own account , '' they said in another . But , when the cameras were off , the payments came from other people 's money . In some cases , as with Kardashian , Trump 's `` personal '' promise was paid off by a production company . Other times , it was paid off by a nonprofit that Trump controls , whose coffers are largely filled with other donors ' money .
As Christine Wilkie of the Huffington Post has detailed , many of the contributions seem to be transactional in a similar way . People Magazine gave $ 150,000 in exchange for exclusive photos of Trump 's son , Barron . Comedy Central gave $ 400,000 as an appearance fee for Trump appearing on The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump . Norwegian Cruise Lines gave $ 100,000 as an appearance fee for Melania Trump . Depending on whether or not the money was put to good use ( more on this later ) , this could be seen as a form of Trump channeling their celebrity to philanthropic ends or else as not much more than a glorified tax dodge .
Some of the donations reflect ambiguous business relationships . Wilkie reports that Donna Clancy gave the Foundation $ 100,000 while they were also a tenant at a Trump-owned office building , while the Foundation 's most frequent donor over time is Stark Carpets , a company that Trump uses as a carpet-supplier for many of their buildings .
But while some of the donations to Trump 's foundation seem like a form of thinly disguised employee compensation , others are more enigmatic . The high-end ticket scalper Richard Ebers , for example , is one of the Trump Foundation 's biggest donors , and Ebers declines to comment to the media about it .
Who else has Trump given to ?
Over the years , Trump 's foundation certainly has given money to a grab-bag of basically banal uncontroversial charities . But since 2012 , the Trump Foundation has given a lot of money to conservative political groups as part of Trump 's effort to establish their bona fides in the movement . This is perfectly legal — the tax code does n't draw a distinction between what a normal person would call a `` real charity '' and what a normal person would call a political advocacy shop — but there is a common sense difference between donations that aim to help people and donations that aim to advance the donor 's own political career .
Some examples gathered by Wilkie :
$ 100,000 to the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association and $ 35,000 to Samaritan 's Purse , both run by Franklin Graham who later defended Trump during the controversy over their proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States .
$ 40,000 to the Drumthwacket Foundation , a charity whose mission is the upkeep of the New Jersey governor 's mansion and whose donors mostly have close ties to Chris Christie .
Trump sponsored one of Sen. Rand Paul 's trips to Guatemala where the senator in their capacity as a physician performed eye surgeries for needy patients .
He 's also given money to a grab-bag of second-tier conservative advocacy groups including the American Conservative Union , Justice for All , and the Family Leader Foundation .
The Foundation also engages in a certain amount of what seems to be self-dealing .
Fahrenthold reports , for example :
Melania Trump paid $ 20,000 at a charity auction for a portrait of Donald Trump . The Foundation cut the check , and the portrait reportedly landed at one of Trump 's golf courses .
Trump themselves paid $ 12,000 at a charity auction for a football helmet autographed by Tim Tebow .
The Foundation also donated money to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi , which was clearly illegal and resulted in a fine when it came to light . According to Fahrenthold , `` Trump 's staffers said a series of errors resulted in the payment being made — and then hidden from the IRS . ''
There are also mixed cases , such as Trump giving Foundation money to the Palm Beach Police Foundation , which then in turn spent large sums of money on renting out the Trump-owned Mar-a-Lago resort for its annual gala .
Last but by no means least , the Foundation simply seems to sometimes just not do anything .
`` Five times , '' Fahrenthold reports in a separate story , `` the Trump Foundation 's tax filings described giving a specific amount of money to a specific charity — in some cases , even including the recipient 's address . But when The Post called , the charities listed said the tax filings appeared wrong . They 'd never received anything from Trump or their foundation . ''
In one of the five cases , the phantom donation is related to the paperwork errors that led Foundation money to be sent to the Bondi campaign . But the other four — phantom donations to the Giving Back Fund , Children 's Medical Center in Omaha , the Latino Commission on AIDS , and Friends of Veterans — remain unexplained .
Stopped by @ TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work ! pic.twitter.com/oGcJL4N454 — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) September 12 , 2016
Donald Trump hates lies , but ca n't tell the truth
Judge Posner : Embedding Infringing Videos Is Not Copyright Infringement , And Neither Is Watching Them
from the at-all dept
Is myVidster therefore a contributory infringer if a visitor to its website bookmarks the video and later someone clicks on the bookmark and views the video ? myVidster is not just adding a frame around the video screen that the visitor is watching . Like a telephone exchange connecting two telephones , it is providing a connection between the server that hosts the video and the computer of myVidster 's visitor . But as long as the visitor makes no copy of the copyrighted video that they are watching , they are not violating the copyright owner 's exclusive right , conferred by the Copyright Act , “ to reproduce the copyrighted work in copies ” and “ distribute copies . . . of the copyrighted work to the public. ” 17 U.S.C . §§ 106 ( 1 ) , ( 3 ) . Their bypassing Flava 's pay wall by viewing the uploaded copy is equivalent to stealing a copyrighted book from a bookstore and reading it . That is a bad thing to do ( in either case ) but it is not copyright infringement . The infringer is the customer of Flava who copied Flava 's copyrighted video by uploading it to the Internet .
Flava contends that by providing a connection to websites that contain illegal copies of its copyrighted videos , myVidster is encouraging its subscribers to circumvent Flava 's pay wall , thus reducing Flava 's income . No doubt . But unless those visitors copy the videos they are viewing on the infringers ' websites , myVidster is n't increasing the amount of infringement .... An employee of Flava who embezzled corporate funds would be doing the same thing—reducing Flava 's income—but would not be infringing Flava 's copyrights by doing so . myVidster displays names and addresses ( that 's what the thumbnails are , in effect ) of videos hosted elsewhere on the Internet that may or may not be copyrighted . Someone who uses one of those addresses to bypass Flava 's pay wall and watch a copyrighted video for free is no more a copyright infringer than if they had snuck into a movie theater and watched a copyrighted movie without buying a ticket . The facilitator of conduct that does n't infringe copyright is not a contributory infringer .
myVidster received “ takedown ” notices from Flava designed to activate the duty of an Internet service provider to ban repeat infringers from its website , and Flava contends that myVidster failed to comply with the notices . But this is irrelevant unless myVidster is contributing to infringement ; a noninfringer does n't need a safe harbor .
Recently we 've seen a number of cases , both civil and criminal , brought against websites that involve either links or embeds of videos hosted elsewhere . UK student Richard O'Dwyer is facing extradition and criminal charges for hosting a site that did exactly that . But , as many of us have wondered in the past , how is such a site infringing ? After all , the videos themselves were uploaded by other people to other sites . The streaming occurs from those other servers . The embed just points people to where the content is , but it does that neutrally , no matter what the content might be.A few months ago , we wrote about how the MPAA had jumped into a copyright infringement appeal involving porn producer Flava Works against a video `` bookmarking '' site called MyVidster . The MPAA argued that links and embeds are infringing , in support of a questionable district court ruling against MyVidster.The appeals court ruling has now come out , written by Judge Posner , and it 's absolutely worth reading ( embedded below ) . Posner goes into great detail about how MyVidster 's linking and embedding features do n't even come close to infringing . They 're not infringement and they 're not contributory infringement . They go through a pretty accurate description of how embedding works , and why MyVidster is separate from the uploading/hosting/streaming . But then they note that thosethe videos are n't even infringing , so there is n't even any infringement for MyVidster to contribute to : Got that ? It 's actually important . He 's saying that those who are watching a video that someone else uploaded are not infringing on the reproduction right under copyright . Only the uploader has potentially violated that right . So there ca n't be a contributory infringement claim over that right.Of course , copyright includes a few other rights beyond reproduction . There 's also the `` public performance '' right . After running through a few different theories there , Posner again finds no clear case of infringement.In other words , the person watching the video is n't doing a public performance ( though themay be ) . But since myVidster is only helping the person watching the video , then it 's not violating the public performance right either.As we noted in our post about the original case , part of the ruling hinged on myVidster losing its DMCA safe harbor protections by not having a repeat infringer policy . But Posner notes that the DMCA safe harborand thus there is no copyright infringement related to myVidster for showing the embeds : This ruling makes it clear that watching embedded videos is not infringing and then . While limited to the 7th Circuit , this ruling could still be quite handy in a number of other cases , including O'Dwyer 's and the Rojadirecta case , which also involves embedded videos . Eric Goldman is a bit more skeptical of the impact of the ruling , arguing that Posner reasoning is n't particularly clear ( well , they call it a `` train wreck . '' ) While I rarely disagree with Goldman , I 'm not convinced that this is such a train wreck . While Posner 's explanation is , at times , convoluted , they do clearly make the main point : if there 's infringement , it 's completely disconnected from the user watching the video and the site doing the embedding.Either way , Posner vacates the lower courts ruling , and notes that there are a few other issues with the case ( mainly having to do with some other aspects of myVidster 's business ) , but the main fight shows no infringement . Oh yeah , and Posner does n't even reference the MPAA 's filing in the case , suggesting how compelling that argument was ...
Filed Under : copyright , embedding , hosting , secondary liability , streaming , watching
Companies : flava works , mpaa , myvidster
Image copyright AP Image caption Russian MP and showbiz star Iosif Kobzon ( right ) gave a pro-rebel concert in Donetsk on Monday
Russia says it will recognise the results of controversial separatist elections in eastern Ukraine , which the rebels plan to hold on 2 November .
Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said elections in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions `` will be important to legitimise the authorities there '' .
But Ukraine and Western governments say the elections should not go ahead . They accuse Russia of arming the rebels .
Poland plans to reinforce its eastern military bases , closer to Ukraine .
Ukrainian troops have been battling the pro-Russian rebels in the east .
A shaky truce took effect on 5 September , but there have been many violations and the situation remains very volatile .
In Kiev pro-Western parties are leading after Ukraine 's national parliamentary elections on Sunday .
Voting did not take place in rebel-held eastern districts , or in Crimea , which Russia annexed in March .
Ukraine has urged Russia to put pressure on the separatists not to hold rival elections in the east .
But Mr Lavrov said `` we expect the elections will go ahead as agreed , and we will of course recognise the results '' .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The international airport just outside Donetsk has been largely destroyed in fighting
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Donetsk and Luhansk rebels have declared independence from Kiev
'People 's republics '
A Ukrainian diplomat told the AFP news agency that Moscow 's support for the rebel vote would `` undermine the peace process '' .
The 2 November vote is much earlier than was agreed by Ukrainian legislation granting the breakaway regions limited self-rule .
`` We are reckoning that the vote will be free and that nobody from outside will try to wreck it , `` Mr Lavrov said .
The armed separatists who took over government buildings in Donetsk and Luhansk in April have declared `` people 's republics '' in both regions , loyal to Moscow instead of Kiev . The two regions are commonly called `` Donbass '' .
At least 3,700 people have been killed in the fighting and many more have fled to other parts of Ukraine or to Russia .
Meanwhile , Poland 's Defence Minister Tomasz Siemoniak said `` we want to strengthen our units in the east of Poland '' in response to the Ukraine crisis .
`` The first effects will be seen in 2017 . There will be a whole series of initiatives connected to units in the east . There will also be investments in infrastructure , '' Reuters news agency quoted them as saying .
Poland joined Nato in 1999 , whereas Ukraine remains outside the alliance .
Adam Easton in Warsaw writes :
There has been a significant shift in the Polish military 's strategic thinking in recent months , illustrated in the new National Security Strategy approved last week by the government .
For the first time in more than 20 years it admits that Poland is threatened by war and names Russia as an aggressor in Ukraine .
Poles are genuinely concerned about the threat of war breaking out . However , the reinforcement of several garrisons in eastern Poland is less significant .
Minister Siemoniak is not talking here about moving troops and hardware to the east . Poland 's best-trained and readily deployable divisions and hardware will remain in the west of the country . Instead they are talking about hiring soldiers over a number of years to reinforce several garrisons that are now staffed at only 30 % of their capacity .
They said they wanted to return them to 70 % -90 % of their old capacity , which may work out at between 1,000-2,500 soldiers . That 's just 1 % -2.5 % of Poland 's armed forces .
Russian role
In 2008 Russia also backed pro-Russian separatists in Georgia and later recognised the breakaway regions as independent .
Under the truce deal the Ukrainian authorities pledged not to prosecute the leaders of the eastern rebellion - yet many Ukrainian politicians want prosecutions , denouncing the rebels as `` terrorists '' .
The deal also called for a withdrawal of `` illegal militant groups '' from Ukraine , but the rebels remain heavily armed and it is not clear how many Russian `` volunteer '' soldiers are still there helping them .
Moscow says any Russian soldiers fighting in Ukraine are freelance `` volunteers '' , although Ukraine and Western governments said Russia had earlier sent in regular army units .
'War from the east '
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov confirmed that Russia would support the separatists ' election , saying `` Russia does not have unlimited levers of influence , and it is not worth exaggerating them .
`` In this case , the main factor is not Russia 's influence but the decision taken by the leadership of these republics and these peoples , '' they said .
A senior Ukrainian foreign ministry official , Dmytro Kuleba , told AFP that Moscow was jeopardising the ceasefire deal signed in Minsk .
`` Russia 's intentions directly contradict the Minsk accord , undermine the agreed process on de-escalation and peaceful resolution , and continue to weaken trust in it [ Russia ] as a reliable international partner , '' they said .
Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko drew a parallel between the Donbass conflict and World War Two on Tuesday , saying `` this time it [ war ] appeared not from the west but from the east '' .
`` For the first time in 70 years , we again must defend Ukraine , its territorial integrity and freedom . ''
Mumbai : Peer-to-peer ( P2P ) lending platforms will gain legitimacy and be able to compete with banks and non-bank lenders when they come under the regulatory ambit of the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) , industry experts said on Thursday .
Those most likely to face competition from P2P lending , if it picks up , include small non-banking finance companies ( NBFCs ) and moneylenders in the business of giving small , unsecured loans for the short-term needs of their customers .
Presently , P2P platforms offer loans that are typically below the minimum amount offered by the formal financing sector . Often , they cater to borrowers who are urgently in need of money and do not have anywhere else to turn to .
As the business picks up , they can potentially offer larger loans .
“ We currently provide loans between ₹ 50,000 and ₹ 2 lakh , which is technically above what a microfinance company provides , but less than banks or NBFCs . Once we have established ourselves over the next two years , we might want to look at larger ticket sizes , '' said Bhavin Shah , founder of LenDenClub , a P2P lending platform .
P2P lending is a form of crowdfunding used to raise loans that are paid back with interest . The lending platforms are largely technology companies registered under the Companies Act and acting as an aggregator for lenders and borrowers .
Once the borrowers and lenders register themselves on a P2P website , the operator of the platform carries out due diligence . Those found acceptable are allowed to borrow and lend .
The RBI is now asking these platforms to register as NBFCs and comply with governance , disclosure and minimum capital rules . The norms , spelt out in a discussion paper put up for consultation , are yet to be finalized .
Apart from the easy access that they offer , P2P platforms can also bring down interest rates in comparison to the informal sector , the RBI said in its consultation paper .
These platforms allow lenders to offer different rates based on the risk profile of the borrower and the reason for which the loan is being sought . Small and medium enterprises ( SMEs ) stand to benefit .
“ We are very certain it would impact interest rates in a positive manner ... most importantly , it would give access to credit to the most important sector of the economy , i.e. , the SMEs and micro-SMEs , '' said Rajat Gandhi , founder and chief executive officer , Faircent , one of the largest P2P lending platforms in India .
On Faircent , customers can get unsecured credit at rates ranging from 12 % to 36 % , depending on their needs and risk profile . The platform differentiates borrowers into categories ranging between minimal risk to very high risk .
The intent of the regulator is to boost alternative sources and routes of funding and making credit more accessible to people who have not been able to receive the funding they need .
NBFCs , however , do n't see P2P lenders as direct competition and say that these platforms will target customers who have been traditionally served by private money lenders and other sources of funding .
“ Those in need of formal financing will always come to NBFCs or banks . The customers who would access P2P will typically be people who will use it as a last resort in case other sources do not work out for them , '' said Vimal Bhandari , chief executive officer , Indostar Capital Ltd , an NBFC that lends to small businesses .
Bhandari added that given the gaps in credit scoring in the country , it will be interesting to see how these firms assess the creditworthiness of borrowers .
“ It is actually the self-employed and small business owner needs that the P2P lending platform will be competing for . However , the availability of good customer data in this space and the cost involved in collating it is a serious concern that the platforms will be grappling with , '' said P.N . Vasudevan , managing director , Equitas Holdings Ltd .
“ At this stage , these are just ideas and there is a long way to go before they are able to scale the business . Establishing credibility regarding the availability of quality credit and healthy recovery of these loans takes time . However , once they establish themselves , they can be a good competitor , '' Vasudevan said .
Slayer have been playing as part of Australia 's Soundwave Festival with a different drummer behind the kit . Jon Dette , who has performed with Slayer in the past , agreed to fill in after a financial dispute involving Dave Lombardo , which led to their firing from the band . Guitarist Kerry King told Soundwave TV that it was frontman Tom Araya who first pointed out that trouble was brewing .
King says in a video interview ( watch it below ) , “ Tom 's been on the fence about Dave for a while and I was pretty much the one that said , ‘ Nah , I 'm not comfortable moving on [ without Dave ] . ' And then it got thrust in our face and I took action immediately and I got a very lucky culmination of things that happened . ”
The guitarist calls Lombardo 's absence “ unfortunate , ” but the timing of the incident forced them to move quickly . They explain , “ I planned on them being here up until the Monday before I left . And then I saw trouble in paradise , and since I am the mastermind on making decisions like this , I was like , ‘ Alright , I 've got to have a backup plan , just in case . ' I would have hated to have just Australia blown out . Can you imagine how s—ty that would have been ? So I did what I thought was best and we pulled it off . ”
Dette just happened to be filling in for Anthrax during their Australia shows , so Slayer was able to take advantage of that coincidence and solicit them to play their shows , as well . King says , “ He 's doing really good … They were completely out of playing for a while , they told me . And then to just be at the level of playing that they are , it 's really awesome. ” Footage of Slayer 's entire Sydney performance with Dette behind the kit can be seen below .
To see Kerry King 's full interview , which also includes the guitarist speaking about the progress of Slayer 's next album , check the videos below .
Soundwave TV Interview with Kerry King ( Part 1 ) :
Soundwave TV Interview with Kerry King ( Part 2 ) :
Tags : Australia
My heart breaks as violence is on the rise again in Israel . Just within the last few days , we 've seen a Palestinian child burned alive , seen leaked video of Israeli police beating an American Palestinian child who was bound at the time , a Christian minister has been attacked by Israeli settlers , and an Israeli lawmaker has called for even the death of noncombatants , saying in part :
“ The Palestinian people have declared war on us , and we must respond with war . Not an operation , not a slow-moving one , not low-intensity , not controlled escalation , no destruction of terror infrastructure , no targeted killings . Enough with the oblique references . This is a war . Words have meanings . This is a war . It is not a war against terror , and not a war against extremists , and not even a war against the Palestinian Authority . These too are forms of avoiding reality . This is a war between two people . Who is the enemy ? The Palestinian people . Why ? Ask them , they started… Behind every terrorist stand dozens of men and women , without whom they could not engage in terrorism . Actors in the war are those who incite in mosques , who write the murderous curricula for schools , who give shelter , who provide vehicles , and all those who honor and give them their moral support . They are all enemy combatants , and their blood shall be on all their heads . Now this also includes the mothers of the martyrs , who send them to hell with flowers and kisses . They should follow their sons , nothing would be more just . They should go , as should the physical homes in which they raised the snakes . Otherwise , more little snakes will be raised there . ”
If history is any testimony , there 's no telling how bad things might spiral out of control this time . While it 's true that at least this time , one of the final sparks to conflict was the abduction and killing of three Israeli teenagers , the violent retaliation is beyond sickening .
I think what bothers me most is that when news broke of the death of the Israeli teenagers , the internet lit up with your standard “ stand with Israel ” cheers , yet whenever Israel is the agent of aggression or retaliation , things go silent . The only voices who speak up are a few brave souls who are willing to be castigated by other Christians for having the courage to stand up against the violence and oppression of the nation state of Israel .
Why do we do this ? Why does Israel get a free pass in doing whatever they want ? They bulldoze communities so they can build illegal settlements , and we say and do nothing . They systematically use violence and oppression over their neighbors , and yet we say and do nothing . When things overheat , they retaliate– burning children alive , and we say and do nothing .
Why ? Why would we be so foolish as to completely ignore behavior on the part of Israel that would in any other circumstance result in international sanctions or worse ?
Even beyond the fact that we ignore it , is the fact that we attack those who have the courage to speak up . It takes no courage at all to criticize Palestinians when they respond to their occupiers with violence– plenty of people speak up . But speaking up against Israel ? Too many Christians do n't . While it is true that the Palestinians are not guiltless , it is important to remember that they are not the ones in power . There is always special accountability for the individual ( or in this case group ) who holds the power– but we 've held them to none .
Why is this the case ? Sadly , the answer is quite simple . In Genesis 12:3 we see God say the following to Abraham :
“ I will bless those who bless you , and whoever curses you I will curse ; and all peoples on earth will be blessed through you . ”
Not to be overly simplistic , but that verse is the core of why this happens . Many Christians believe that this promise to Abraham means that we must bless the modern nation state of Israel , and that if we do n't , God will curse us . Of course , this belief has all kinds of problems– such as the fact that the New Testament teaches that there is no longer a distinction between Jews and Gentiles , that people of God are those who have been circumcised “ of the heart ” , etc .
Setting aside the flawed theology I 've addressed in the past , the belief that we should “ bless ” Israel has somehow over the course of time come to mean “ we must support everything Israel does ” . It 's a tragic confusion that has caused us to support all kinds of horrible things that do not reflect the Jesus we see in the New Testament .
While my argument around this area of theology has usually been that the modern nation state of Israel is to be treated equally to all others instead of elevated as having a special standing with God , I want to set that aside for a minute . Let 's say the “ stand with Israel ” folks are right , and that we must bless Israel in order to avoid God 's wrath . If that 's the case , I have a different question :
What if blessing Israel actually means we develop the courage to stand up against Israeli oppression and violence ?
I think the best way to bless someone who is caught up in destructive behavior is not to condone or to support the behavior , but to lovingly confront the behavior and show them a better way . I do n't see why this would be any different with Israel . Allowing this nation to continue this behavior is not loving , and it is certainly NOT a blessing . Ironically , it 's a curse– because violence , oppression and retaliation are ultimately self destructive .
I say , let 's be a blessing to Israel . But let 's not continue to think that blessing someone means we never ever confront unacceptable behavior .
The only thing scarier than a 12-foot-tall Colin Firth in a British lake is a 40-foot-long dragon skull washed up on a British beach . Beachgoers in Dorset were surprised to come across the latter on Monday—as a skull the size of a London bus suddenly appeared on Charmouth beach , part of Dorset 's Jurassic coast , famous for its dinosaur fossils .
Alas , it 's not a real dragon skull—it 's an ad from movie and TV streaming service BlinkBox , which is celebrating the arrival this week of the third season of HBO 's epic Game of Thrones on its site . It took a team of three sculptors more than two months to design , construct and paint the skull , which was dreamed up by Taylor Herring , the same PR company that built the giant Mr. Darcy earlier this summer .
The skull—perhaps the coolest Game of Thrones-related marketing since the dragon-shadow newspaper ad—was inspired by the scene in the series when Arya Stark discovers a dragon skull in the dungeons of King 's Landing , the capital of the Seven Kingdoms .
More images below and here . Via Copyranter .
Unicode Character Classes in ECMAScript Regular Expressions
April 27 , 2009
Technical note : This post uses Unicode characters , especially at the end . If your browser or operating system does not have full Unicode coverage you may see boxes or rectangles in place of the correct glyphs .
The problem
ECMAScript , the standardized version of the language JavaScript , defines string values as sequences of UTF-16 code units , not as sequences of characters . This language misfeature complicates Unicode handling considerably . For characters in the Basic Multilingual Plane ( BMP ) a single UTF-16 code unit ( one 16-bit word ) suffices . For characters outside this range , two code units are necessary . As an example , the Latin letter A is both one character and one code unit : `` A '' .length === 1 , but the Unicode character U+1D400 MATHEMATICAL BOLD CAPITAL A is one character but two code units : `` 𝐀 '' .length === 2 . A better language would hide this ugly implementation detail from users , and string attributes such as length would be in terms of characters , not code units . Unfortunately , for historical reasons , ECMAScript forces programmers who want proper Unicode support to deal with raw UTF-16 directly .
One of the features broken by this kludge is regular expression character classes . In a character class , you can easily use ranges of characters , so long as those ranges fall within the BMP , e.g . [ a-z ] will match any character in the Latin alphabet . If you want to match character ranges outside the BMP , things are a little more complicated . To match , say , the range of tetragrams , U+1D306 through U+1D356 , we might naïvely use them directly : [ 𝌆-𝍖 ] . To understand why this does n't work , we must consider the UTF-16 representation of the characters `` 𝌆 '' and `` 𝍖 '' .
In UTF-16 , characters outside of the BMP are represented by a surrogate pair comprised of two code units : a high surrogate in the range 0xD800‒0xDB7F followed by a low surrogate in the range 0xDC00‒0xDFFF . Each of these 16-bit surrogates contains six bits that identify the code unit as part of a surrogate pair , followed by 10 bits of the represented code point less 0x10000 . A more complete introduction can be found in the Wikipedia UTF-16 article .
The character U+1D306 , `` 𝌆 '' , is represented by the surrogate pair D834 DF06 . Likewise U+1D356 , `` 𝍖 '' , is represented by D834 DF56 .
The string `` [ 𝌆-𝍖 ] '' , then , contains five characters but is represented in ECMAScript by seven code units :
Character Code Units [ 002F 𝌆 D834 DF06 - 002D 𝍖 D834 DF56 ] 005D
The interpretation of ECMAScript regular expression character classes is according to code units , not characters . Despite the fact that `` [ 𝌆-𝍖 ] '' contains 5 characters , since `` [ 𝌆-𝍖 ] '' .length === 7 , the meaning when used as a character class is surprising . `` [ 𝌆-𝍖 ] '' is equivalent to [ \uD834\uDF06-\uD834\uDF56 ] and means `` match either D834 , or something in DF06‒D834 , or DF56 , '' just as if we had written `` [ am-qz ] '' to match an `` a '' , an `` m '' ‒ '' q '' , or a `` z '' . Obviously this is not what was intended .
In character classes , then , we can not use characters outside the BMP . Even a single character outside the BMP , if appearing in a character class , will have an undesired interpretation : the character class will match either of the two surrogate code points ( but not both ) which is clearly not the intention .
The Solution
Fortunately there is a way to match what we want , though not by using a character class . In matching the range 𝌆-𝍖 , we want to match two consecutive code units . The first will be D834 , and second will be DF06 , DF56 , or anything between . So , using escape sequences to represent the code units directly , we can write :
\uD834 [ \uDF06-\uDF56 ]
The first escape will match the high surrogate , and the second range will match any of the low surrogates which may follow it to complete a character in the desired range .
Now consider a longer range , between U+1D306 `` 𝌆 '' and U+1F004 MAHJONG TILE RED DRAGON `` 🀄 '' . The lowest surrogate pair to match , as before , is D834 DF06 . The highest pair is D83C DC04 . Additionally , anything `` between '' those two pairs should match . What does `` between '' mean here ? In contrast to the previous example , not only the low surrogate but also the high surrogate now varies over the range we want to match . Any code point between these two will be represented as either ( a ) a D834 high surrogate followed by a low surrogate between DF06 and the top of the low surrogate range , DFFF , or ( b ) any high surrogate between D835 and D83B followed by any low surrogate whatsoever , or ( c ) a D83C high surrogate followed by a low surrogate between DC00 ( the bottom of the low surrogate range ) and DC04 . This gives the following regular expression :
\uD834 [ \uDF06-\uDFFF ] | [ \uD835-\uD83B ] [ \uDC00-\uDFFF ] |\uD83C [ \uDC00-\uDC04 ]
Three alternatives are necessary , each of which , if it matches , consumes two consecutive code units .
The Code
Writing regular expressions like those above by hand is tedious and error-prone . Instead we can write a program to generate them .
First we need an efficient representation of sets of code points . For this we provide a set datatype which represents a set of code points ( i.e . integers ) in the Unicode range ( 0 - 0x10FFFF ) . Sets may be constructed and manipulated with the following functions :
Constructors
universe These two are actually constants , not constructors .
These two are actually constants , not constructors . nil
fromCharRange ( from , to ) Where from and to are any Unicode characters .
Where and are any Unicode characters . fromChar ( char )
fromString ( string ) Returns a cset containing every unique character in string , which may include Unicode characters outside the BMP .
Sets can be constructed from strings , individual characters , or character ranges , among other ways . ( There are also Unicode properties and categories , but that 's for another post . )
Set Operations
complement ( cset )
difference ( a , b )
union ( a , b )
intersection ( a , b )
Once a character set is constructed , we can output an ECMAScript regular expression which will match any character from that set using toRegex ( ) .
Output
toRegex ( cset )
Examples
All of these are live , so you can edit the code and watch the corresponding output update in real time right here on the page .
CSET.import ( ) toRegex ( universe )
The CSET.import ( ) call simply makes the functions from the CSET module available locally . I 've written a separate post about modules .
A regular expression to match the tetragrams :
toRegex ( fromCharRange ( `` 𝌆 '' , '' 𝍖 '' ) )
Here is the longer range that was explained above :
toRegex ( fromCharRange ( `` 𝌆 '' , '' 🀄 '' ) )
Of course , if the range covers characters in the BMP , there is no need to use the `` \u '' Unicode escapes , and we can use the characters directly to represent themselves , making the regular expression a little more readable and saving a few bytes :
latinLetters = fromCharRange ( ' a ' , ' z ' ) digits = fromCharRange ( ' 0 ' , ' 9 ' ) both = union ( latinLetters , digits ) toRegex ( both )
var BMP = fromIntRange ( 0,0xFFFF ) toRegex ( difference ( BMP , both ) ) // everything in the BMP except a‒z and 0‒9 .
Here 's a regex to match any character that appears in the first sentence of this post :
toRegex ( fromString ( `` ECMAScript , the standardized version of the language JavaScript , defines string values as sequences of UTF-16 code units , not as sequences of characters . '' ) )
Finally , here 's a regex to match any single character in the Unicode category Ll ( lowercase letters in any language ) . The other Unicode General Categories ( except Cn ) are also supported : Lu Ll Lt Lm Lo Mn Mc Me Nd Nl No Pc Pd Ps Pe Pi Pf Po Sm Sc Sk So Zs Zl Zp Cc Cf Cs and Co . The Unicode Character Database has an explanation of these .
toRegex ( fromUnicodeGeneralCategory ( 'Ll ' ) )
Download
The CSET code used on this page is in cset_production.js , which is generated from cset_source.js , which contains detailed comments . The code is released under the MIT license .
Getty Images
After they were chosen as the first overall pick in the 2014 NFL draft , Texans defensive end Jadeveon Clowney had a disappointing first couple of seasons . This year , however , things are different .
Texans coach Bill O'Brien has praised Clowney for becoming a disruptive presence for the Texans ' defense , and Lions coach Jim Caldwell said this week that when they watched tape in preparation for tomorrow 's game against the Texans , they saw Clowney looking the way they were supposed to look as a sure-thing prospect two and a half years ago .
“ He 's exactly , I think , what everybody expected them to be , ” Caldwell said . “ He 's tough , hard-nosed . They make things happen . He 's disruptive . They can close and run and they can rush the passer and they can defend the run . They can set the edge . So he 's a pretty complete player . ”
Clowney believes that this season is allowing them to show off everything they can do .
“ It 's great , ” Clowney said . “ I 'm getting better each week . I feel like I 'm coming along better . [ Teammates ] talk to me about it . They say , ‘ Keep coming , you got to keep bringing it . ' Week by week , I got to keep bringing it . ”
Clowney has been bringing it this year , just like the Texans thought they would when they drafted him .
If you could actually see Wi-Fi , this is what it would look like
What if you could actually see Wi-Fi ? It is something we all have wondered about . We can see the Wi-Fi routers in our homes and our offices , and we also know that somewhere around us are dozens of networks ( just click on the Wi-Fi networks icon on your iPad or laptop ) — but it is still hard to see how Wi-Fi , a technology so core to our modern connected experience , really works .
A few days ago , I came across an article by Nickolay Lamm ( writing for MyDeals ) , who , working with M. Browning Vogel , Ph.D , took the data about Wi-Fi coverage areas on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , and superimposed it on actual images . The result is five gorgeous visualizations that show us how Wi-Fi networks propagate and work in the real world . Take a look : ( All photos appear courtesy of Lamm/Mydeals )
The patterns delineated here have not yet been classified by a Linnaeus of human bondage .
They are all , perhaps , strangely , familiar .
In these pages I have confined myself to laying out
only some of those I actually have seen . Words that
come to mind naming them are : knots , tangles ,
fankles , impasses , disjunctions , whirligogs , binds .
I could have remained closer to the raw
data in which these patterns appear . I could
have distilled them further towards an abstract
logico-mathematical calculus . I hope they are not so
schematized that one may not refer back to the
very specific experiences from which they derive ;
yet that they are sufficiently independent of content , for
one to divine the final formal elegance in these
webs of maya .
April 1969
R.D.L .
1
They are playing a game . They are playing at not
playing a game . If I show them I see they are , I
shall break the rules and they will punish me .
I must play their game , of not seeing I see the game .
They are not having fun .
I cant have fun if they dont .
If I get them to have fun , then I can have fun with them .
Getting them to have fun , is not fun . It is hard work .
I might get fun out of finding out why theyre not .
Im not supposed to get fun out of working out why
theyre not .
But there is even some fun in pretending to them Im not
having fun finding out why they re not .
A little girl comes along and says : lets have fun .
But having fun is a waste of time , because it doesnt
help to figure out why theyre not having fun .
How dare you have fun when Christ died on the Cross
for you ! Was They having fun ?
It is our duty to bring up our children to love ,
honour and obey us .
If they dont they must be punished ,
otherwise we would not be doing our duty .
If they grow up to love , honour and obey us
either we have brought them up properly
or we have not :
if we have
there must be something the matter with them ;
if we have not
there is something the matter with us .
A son should respect their father
they should not have to be taught to respect their father
It is something that is natural
Thats how Ive brought up my son anyway .
Of course a father must be worthy of respect
They cant forfeit a sons respect
But I hope at least my son will respect me , if
only for leaving them free to respect me or not .
There must be something the matter with them
because they would not be acting as they does
unless there was
therefore they are acting as they are
because there is something the matter with them
They do not think there is anything the matter with them
because
one of the things that is
the matter with them
is that they do not think that there is anything
the matter with them
therefore
we have to help them realize that ,
the fact that they do not think there is anything
the matter with them
is one of the things that is
the matter with them
there is something the matter with them
because they thinks
there must be something the matter with us
for trying to help them to see
that there must be something the matter with them
to think that tere is omething the matter with us
for trying to help them to see that
we are helping them
to see that
we are not persecuting them by helping them to see we are not persecuting them by helping them to see that they are refusing to see that there is something the matter with them for not seing there is something the matter with them for not being grateful to us for at least trying to help them to see that there is something the matter with them
for not seeing that must be something the
matter with them
for not seeing that there must be something the
matter with them
for not seeing that there is something the
matter with them
for not seeing that there is something the
matter with them
for not being grateful
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Percy Julian , the guy who made all of that and more possible , got jack shit .
So why have we never heard of him ?
Did we mention that Julian was a black man living under Jim Crow ? No ? Because they are .
We know what you 're thinking . It 's because they were black , right ? Not exactly . Back before Julian ever figured out all this steroid stuff , the promising chemist was hired as a faculty member at the traditionally black school Howard University . The only problem was that they really wanted to get their Ph.D. in chemistry , something no other African-American had accomplished up to that point . Even though there was n't a school in the country that would offer them a spot in a doctoral program , Julian percyvered , securing themselves a fellowship to get their doctorate in Vienna , Austria .
Racism ca n't exist somewhere with this many old statues .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Homesick , stressed and still pissed over having to leave the country to get their degree , Julian sent letter after letter to one of their colleagues back at Howard . But instead of limiting their subject matter to awesome Austrian food and the sick waltzes they kept hearing , Julian bragged about their sexual exploits with foreign ladies and talked trash about their former co-workers at Howard . Big mistake . Because years later , they ended up back at that same university and pissed off their ex-pen pal , who then found it totally professional and appropriate to hand Julian 's letters to the black press , who found it totally appropriate and professional to publish them .
Then , as if having their private smack-talk letters made public was n't enough , Julian was correctly accused of having an affair with their assistant 's wife . They were forced to quit Howard University and left town humiliated and vilified by the black press , which chose to keep that grudge against them years later when they saved the universe with steroids . By 2004 , `` no historian had ever studied Julian 's career ; no biographer had ever told their story . ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
We 've said it before and we 'll say it again : Success is all about not pissing off the right people .
This is by far the most far-fetched article I have ever written , but I only ask for your consideration . Ready ? Winter Olympics , Twin Cities ! There , I said it , there is no turning back .
So I 'm sure many are thinking something along the lines of : “ Mountains ! Mountains ? We have no mountains . With no mountains there can be no downhill skiing ; and without that there can be no Winter Olympics in Minnesota . ”
This indeed is our limiting factor , our greatest flaw , the usual coup de grace to our dreams of shining on the international stage . It dismisses our minds to other hopes like the Summer Olympics , a much more extravagant goal , but mountains are n't required , so it 's considered more within our reach .
Sochi has proved that even a small , warm resort city with a heap of flaws can be sculpted into an acceptable location . Even with so many oddities , empty seats and ill-prepared facilities , the medals were awarded and the ceremonies performed . Yet we want to give up on Minnesota because they are a little flat ? We 're not talking Iowa-flat or Illinois-flat . We 're just talking flat enough that we do n't have any altitude-caused tree-lines or peaks with snow that lingers until summer . Are we really going to look past ourselves because of this ?
Let 's start with the good . We have much more in common with Vancouver than Sochi ; Vancouver 's Olympics were a massive success and much that they built was sustainable . As far as Sochi 's Olympics , much is in doubt . Here 's a question : had anyone really heard of Sochi before the Olympics decided to go there ? It 's a city significantly smaller than Omaha and is sitting amidst a politically tense area . That 's the spot you want to host a competitive gathering that only happens in one place in the world every four years ?
Contrast this to the Vancouver metro which is just slightly smaller than the Twin Cities and also like the Twin Cities is easily accessible for travelers by road , train and air . Vancouver ( also like the Twin Cities ) has plenty of hotels , restaurants , bars and most importantly venues ; it can easily absorb large influxes of tourists . While in Sochi stadiums and roads needed to be freshly constructed , in Vancouver most of what was needed was in place or was already in the works for other purposes . This is the key part , because the Olympics , while massively lucrative in some respects , are only a couple weeks long .
So what kind of venues do we have ? Well the new Vikings stadium will be the largest venue and barring the presence of a Superbowl will not have its primary use taking precedence in February . We have plenty of hockey/skating venues from the Xcel Energy Center down to the various university-level arenas around the state ( for spillover games if needed ) . We could even send the T-Wolves on a long road trip and use the Target Center for something . I 'm sure a creative proposal or two could pose ideas on how to work Target Field and TCF Bank Stadium into the mix ( that might be uncomfortably cold though ) . We have an awesome Convention Center which can host many of the miscellaneous tasks that are needed and of course the Mall of America , for when people get bored of the ice and snow .
So what 's left to construct ( not including mountain-oriented stuff ) ? A bobsled track : this is a good chunk of change , but it could be something we could delegate to St. Paul or Bloomington to place in a convenient location ; more hotels : there has been conversation about the growing need for hotels in the Twin Cities anyway ; and a bit more mass transit : the groundwork is at least in place .
The price is still pretty low at this point , so the mountain question is attacked with momentum ( and cash ) . Spirit Mountain and Lutsen are pretty much what we have to work with ( unless we bail for Wisconsin or Michigan solutions ) , and they already meet many of the minimum standards for Olympic-level events such as the slalom . Too far ? Not so , they are just a bit further than Whistler is from Vancouver and being so close to the lake provides relatively consistent amount of snow ( not that poor snowfall has ever stopped the Olympics before ) .
Maybe we 'll have to build a tower on a hill to make the ski-jump work , maybe we 'll have to push dirt up our “ mountains ” to make them taller or maybe we 'll have to dig the bottoms of the slopes lower just to gain the extra bit of elevation . A disproportionate amount of the money used will go to making the ski and snowboard venues work , that 's just a foreseen fact . And if we succeeded in making the full arrangement of courses , they would be well used after the Olympics ; winter athletes from central Canada and the Midwest would flock to them .
Winter sports are very popular in Minnesota . As we all know we send plenty of our own to compete in the Olympics ; in fact , we are usually one of the top states in that regard ( this year tied for second ) . Would n't it be awesome to give such an event to our next generation of athletes ? The Winter Olympics in the Twin Cities would be accessible for Americans from both coasts along with Canadians ( who come here in droves already , especially when the Winnipeg Jets or Toronto Blue Jays are in town ) . It would offer a big spike in tourism and positive exposure . Consider it !
Photos via : jdkoenig and Google
MARK KARLIN , EDITOR OF BUZZFLASH AT TRUTHOUT
Matthew R. Davies is 34 and married with two daughters . They run a business that reportedly meticulously complies with California regulations and laws . They pay their taxes , providing much needed revenue to the government , and heads a transparent operation that is highly visible and meets a need .
In a New York Times ( NYT ) article , one of their former staff gushed over Davies 's considerate treatment of their employees :
Stephanie Horton , 25 , who went to work for Mr. Davies after going to one of their dispensaries to obtain medical marijuana to help them deal with ovarian and cervical cancer , said they were devastated by the arrest of employers they described as among the best they had ever had — not to mention the loss of their job .
“ I 'd go back and work there in a heartbeat , ” Ms. Horton said . “ I totally trusted them . We 're not criminals . I 've never been arrested my whole life . I need that medication , and so do a whole lot of people . ”
Now , because they refuse to accept a 5-year sentence in a federal prison for operating a medical marijuana dispensary and growing marijuana plants -- as part of a plea bargain with the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) -- they face a trial and , if convicted of violating federal law ( even though they are in full compliance with California law ) , could serve a long stretch in jail .
Although Davies is not breaking any California state laws , an Obama-appointed US Attorney is throwing the book at him : “ Mr . Davies is being prosecuted for serious felony offenses , ” the US attorney for the Eastern District of California , Benjamin B. Wagner , wrote to Mr. Davies 's lawyers , according to The NYT . “ I understand they are facing unpleasant alternatives . Neither a meeting with me nor seeking a review in Washington will change that reality . ”
This is the latest Obama DOJ cruel and wasteful prosecution of medical marijuana cases , given that the voters of various states have made such activity legal in their jurisdictions . Furthermore , as BuzzFlash at Truthout noted in a commentary on December 10 , the DOJ is now considering how to challenge recently passed laws in Colorado and Washington State legalizing the recreational use of marijuana :
The shark teeth writing of Charles P. Pierce got its jaws-like grip into the Obama administration for its inexplicable continuing crackdown on state and municipal laws legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana use :
If nothing else , the results [ of ballot initiatives legalizing marijuana use ] in Colorado and in Washington State — and , to a lesser extent , in Massachusetts — indicate that the political salience of the `` war on drugs , '' as applied to marijuana , at least , almost has completely evaporated . It can be argued that there is no more political risk to the president of changing their policy on marijuana now than there was in their `` evolving '' on gay marriage last year . In both cases , the people out in the states are out ahead of the national politics of the issue .
However egregiously misguided the Obama administration stance is in terms of aggressively prosecuting – on a federal level -- legal marijuana sales and use in states that allow it , the damage being done by such harsh and punitive actions is most plaintive when distilled into the devastating impact on a single individual .
Davies 's wife , Molly , wrote an eloquent plea to President Obama , posted on the Huffington Post , in which they ask the president :
I am writing to you as a wife and mother of two young daughters , whose 34-year old husband , Matthew Davies , faces 10 years or more in federal prison for providing medical marijuana to sick people in California , even though they complied with state law concerning medicinal cannabis . My questions to you are simple :
What has my husband done that would justify the federal government forcing my young daughters to grow up without a father ?
How can your Administration ignore the will of the California people and prosecute this good , law-abiding man for doing exactly what state law permits ?
Mr. President , my husband is not a criminal and should n't be treated like one . Matt is not a drug dealer or trafficker . He 's not driving around in a fancy car and living in some plush mansion -- trust me . My husband is a regular guy , and we 're a regular , middle-class family . Yet even though Matt took great pains to follow state and local law , they are currently facing a severe prison sentence . This all seems so surreal .
Both surreal and prosecutorial excess it is indeed .
As Molly Davies adds in their letter to Obama :
We would have never gone down this road had we thought for a moment that the federal government would prosecute Matt for running a completely above-board operation that is perfectly legal where we live . Nothing is worth Matt 's liberty . And I can not even bear to think of our daughters growing up without their father . This is a nightmare .
This exercise in Kafkaesque overreach is destroying the lives of real people -- not to mention the cost that well exceeds $ 20,000 a year in taxpayer money for incarcerating Davies , should it come to that .
The US justice system long ago failed millions of Americans who have spent years in state and federal prison for marijuana violations . Now that marijuana use is legal to varying degrees in a growing number of states , it is cruelly pointless to swaggeringly make a legal farce out of sweeping down from DC with legal charges that represent a grave injustice .
As Molly Davies wrote to the president , `` We are confused and absolutely terrified . ''
So should all of us be at outrages such as this .
( Photo : Thivierr )
Gearbox continue to add to Borderlands 2 's bulging bag of DLC with two more bits of content , which will expand the colourful co-op shooter sometime this Autumn . If you 're scraping the level cap , you 'll be pleased to hear that it will soon be raised to 72 ( well , if you buy the DLC ) , while T.K . Baha ( an NPC from the first game ) will return a bit later down the road . Probably at Halloween , because of that whole 'he 's a zombie now ' thing . Read on for more details .
As announced at PAX Australia this weekend , Ultimate Vault Hunter Upgrade Pack 2 : Digistruct Peak will raise the level cap by 11 to 72 , adding a new map/mode that will let you fight overpowered bad guys “ for new loot and the ability to 'over level ' your game for extra challenges ” . Headhunter Pack : T.K . Baha 's Bloody Harvest , meanwhile , features a new bunch of missions and a boss fight against the aptly named Jacques O'Lantern . I guess if you 're surnamed is ' O'Lantern ' , you really do n't have much a choice .
The first pack will set you back $ 5 , though there 's no price given for the second yet . Season Pass owners will have to fork out too , I 'm afraid , as that particular season appears to be over .
Thanks , Kotaku .
Abu Zubaydah . ( Image : Jared Rodriguez / Truthout ) The European Court of Human Rights concludes that so-called enhanced interrogation techniques – specifically approved by John Yoo and Jay Bybee for use by the CIA on Abu Zubaydah at a Polish black site – amounted to torture .
When President Obama says the United States “ tortured some folks , ” perhaps they are referring to Abu Zubaydah . The European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) recently issued a decision concluding that the techniques the CIA used to interrogate Zubaydah “ amounted to torture ” within the meaning of Article 3 of the Geneva Convention . [ 1 ]
The ECHR decision connects the torture perpetrated on Zubaydah with analysis provided in a legal memo dated August 1 , 2002 , from John Yoo and Jay Bybee to the Central Intelligence Agency 's General Counsel John Rizzo ( Interrogation Memo ) .
Yoo and Bybee drafted the Interrogation Memo and numerous other memos in support of the “ war on terror ” while they were attorneys at the Office of Legal Counsel in the Department of Justice under President George W. Bush . Although Bybee signed it , Yoo is acknowledged as the principal author of this memo . The Interrogation Memo purports to give legal guidance regarding permissible interrogation techniques for use on a specific detainee , Zubaydah , outside of the United States .
The Capture of Zubaydah Directly Lead to Drafting of Interrogation Memo
Abu Zubaydah was captured from a home in Pakistan around March 27 , 2002 , and taken to black site in Thailand . Zubaydah remained in Thailand until around December 4 , 2002 , when they were sent to a black site in Stare Kiejkuty , Poland , where they remained until September 2003 .
In early 2002 , immediately after the capture of Zubaydah , the CIA asked whether the proposed use of specific enhanced interrogation techniques violated federal law prohibiting torture . According to Yoo 's testimony before a House Judiciary Subcommittee , the Office of Legal Counsel was “ asked to evaluate the legality of interrogation methods proposed for use with Zubaydah. ” [ 2 ] The CIA provided Yoo and Bybee with a list of 10 proposed interrogation methods for review . The list included “ walling , ” facial slaps , stress positions and waterboarding . [ 3 ]
John Yoo and Jay Bybee analyzed the 10 proposed methods . Essentially , the legal analysis in the Interrogation Memo can be summed us as follows :
• Torture requires a “ specific intent ” to cause prolonged mental harm . [ 4 ]
• If an interrogator has a “ good-faith belief ” that they will not inflict prolonged harm , then there is no specific intent . [ 5 ]
• The “ good-faith belief ” that there will be no prolonged harm is found in statements from psychologist consultants who were paid by the CIA . [ 6 ]
The specific analysis of each proposed technique is chilling . According to Yoo and Bybee , it 's OK for the CIA to waterboard Zubaydah because waterboarding does n't “ inflict actual physical harm ” but instead is a “ controlled acute episode ” and lacks the “ protracted period of time ” required for “ suffering ” to violate federal law . [ 7 ]
According to Yoo and Bybee , it 's OK to engage in walling – where Zubaydah is “ pulled forward and then quickly and firmly pushed into a flexible wall ” – because placing a towel around their neck will prevent whiplash . [ 8 ]
And so on , through the list of proposed interrogation techniques , finding each one permissible for the CIA to use on Zubaydah outside the United States .
The ECHR “ notes that the CIA documents give a precise description of the treatment to which High-Value Detainees were being subjected in custody as a matter of precisely applied and predictable routine , starting from their capture through rendition and reception at the back site , to their interrogations. ” [ 9 ] Some of these precise routines include the enhanced interrogation techniques discussed in the Interrogation Memo drafted by Yoo and Bybee . For example , the CIA did not waterboard Zubaydah prior to the August 1 , 2002 . Then , the CIA waterboarded Zubaydah 83 times in the month of August 2002 , immediately after the Interrogation Memo was written .
While in Poland , the ECHR concludes , the CIA 's treatment of Zubayah “ amounted to torture. ” In other words , the precise techniques analyzed and approved by John Yoo and Jay Bybee and used by the CIA in Poland on Zubaydah , amounted to torture .
Notes :
[ 1 ] European Court of Human Rights , Husayn ( Abu Zubayday ) v. Poland , Application number 7511/13 , issued on 24 July 2014 , ( ECHR ) , pg . 196 .
[ 2 ] Hearing Before the Subcommittee on the Constitution , Civil Rights , and Civil Liberties of the Committee on the Judiciary , House of Representatives , 110th Congress , 2nd Section , June 26 , 2008 , Serial No . 110-189 , page 13 ( page 4 of Yoo 's prepared statement ) .
[ 3 ] ECHR , pgs . 15-16 .
[ 4 ] Interrogation Memo , pg . 16 .
[ 5 ] Interrogation Memo , pg . 17 .
[ 6 ] Interrogation Memo , pg . 18 .
[ 7 ] Interrogation Memo , pg . 11 .
[ 8 ] Interrogation Memo , pg . 16 .
[ 9 ] ECHR , pg . 193 .
SAN DIEGO -- San Diego Chargers kicker Nate Kaeding is out for the season after MRI exams on Monday revealed they tore ligaments in their left knee , and is scheduled to have surgery .
`` He planted and they kind of got spread out and there was no contact on the play , '' Chargers coach Norv Turner said . `` It 's about adversity and we 'll handle it . Nate is unbelievable . Hopefully we can get someone who can be just as accurate . ''
Chargers defensive end Luis Castillo will also be out for an extended period of time with a broken tibia in their left leg . Turner was n't sure yet if Castillo 's injury would knock them out for the season and said further tests would be conducted Monday . A source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter that the team privately does not think Castillo will miss the season .
Third year defensive lineman Vaughn Martin is expected to see extended playing time in Castillo 's absence .
`` The way Vaughn Martin went out there and played at a real high level , he 's an outstanding young football player , '' Turner said . `` One of the things I felt last year is we played Luis and Jacques ( Cesaire ) too much , and these young guys we 've wanted them to play more and now Vaughn will play a lot more . ''
Kaeding injured their left knee on the opening kickoff of the game and Castillo injured their left leg in the fourth quarter .
Both players were carted off the field after their injuries .
Their “ excuse ” ? They do n't want their students subjected to “ unacceptable language. ” And I 'm guessing they really means protecting the kids from being exposed to Conservative ideas .
Via Breitbart .
….Brett Meteyer , a teacher at Explorer Elementary in Williamston , emailed parents Monday that they will let students watch the inauguration ceremony but not Trump 's speech because of concerns about what they might say , the Washington Examiner reported .
According to conservative radio talk show host Steve Gruber , who posted the email on Facebook , Meteyer wrote :
I am concerned about my students and your children being exposed to language and behavior that is not in concert with the most conservative social and family values , I have decided to show the inauguration Donald Trump this Friday , but we will not view Mr. Trump 's inauguration speech… .
A parent who listens to Gruber 's show forwarded the email to the talk radio host , AOL reported .
“ What kind of message does this send to kids ? ‘ This president is a bad guy and kids should not watch him ? ' This is a piece of history and the kids should be allowed to watch , ” Gruber told Watchdog.org .
Using Miniexiftool and Paperclip to plot image locations
Have you ever wondered to yourself how the Photos app on your iPhone always knows where you took that picture ? What most people do n't realize is that the information of where that picture was taken ( among many other things ) is often stored within the metadata of that photo .
Using the power of a few gems and some good ol ' ruby code , you can harness the power of that metadata and do fun ( or creepy ) things in your applications . Let 's create an application that takes user photos and plots them on a map .
First off , we 'll need to install some software on your machine that allows you to read image metadata .
$ brew install exiftool
exiftool is the Perl application that allows you to read the metadata , but do n't be thrown off by this requirement . While installing this application with brew may not seem ideal for portability to services like Heroku , there is a gem that includes this Perl library and will allow you to run this in the herokusphere .
Great . Let 's create a new Rails application :
$ rails new photo_plotter $ cd photo_plotter
And create a Picture model that Paperclip will later utilize to upload files :
$ rails g scaffold picture title : string $ rake db : migrate
Next up , edit your Gemfile and add the following :
gem 'paperclip ' gem 'mini_exiftool '
Again , if you plan on going to Heroku , you should probably be using gem 'mini_exiftool_vendored ' instead , which includes the Perl Exiftool library .
And then install the new gems :
$ bundle
Configuring Paperclip
Now let 's configure Paperclip . These instructions come right from their readme .
Edit your Picture model ( app/models/picture.rb ) and add : has_attached_file : image validates_attachment_content_type : image , content_type : /\Aimage\/ . * \Z/ Create a migration to add the Paperclip attributes to the Picture model : $ rails g migration AddImageToPictures In the newly generated /db/migrate/ file , replace the blank change method with the following code : def self . up add_attachment : pictures , : image end def self . down remove_attachment : pictures , : image end And then migrate the database : $ rake db : migrate Great . Now the model is set up , but we need to make sure that our views have a way of uploading pictures . Let 's update app/views/pictures/_form.html.erb and add the following immediately before the submit button 's div : < div class= `` field '' > < % = f . label : image % > < br > < % = f . file_field : image % > < /div > Also , let 's make sure that strong_params allows us to add an image . In app/controllers/pictures_controller.rb , let 's add : image to the .permit ( ) : params . require ( : picture ) . permit ( : title , : image ) Sweet ! We can now add pictures . The last step is to make sure that we can see the images once we 've added them . In app/views/pictures/show.html.erb , let 's add a way to view our images before the < % = link_to 'Edit ' % > : < % = image_tag @ picture . image . url , width : 600 % > < br >
Configuring Geolocation
Perfect . Paperclip is installed and should be working locally . Next up we need to create two attributes ( latitude and longitude ) on the Picture model .
$ rails g migration AddLatitudeAndLongitudeToPicture latitude : float longitude : float $ rake db : migrate
The Good Stuff
Awesome . Now we have a way to upload images , the next step is to make sure that we 're copying the exif data to the model when Paperclip saves an image . Luckily , Paperclip gives us a method called after_post_process that we can call in our model that will direct Paperclip to run the method passed as an argument right after it finishes the post processing of the image . Let 's take advantage of that in app/models/picture.rb :
after_post_process : save_latlong
Once we 've added that Paperclip after hook , let 's add the method save_latlong as well as a helper method that will allow us to parse latitude and longitudes from the exif data :
private def save_latlong exif_data = MiniExiftool . new ( image . queued_for_write [ : original ] . path ) self . latitude = parse_latlong ( exif_data [ 'gpslatitude ' ] ) self . longitude = parse_latlong ( exif_data [ 'gpslongitude ' ] ) end def parse_latlong ( latlong ) return unless latlong match , degrees , minutes , seconds , rotation = / ( \d+ ) deg ( \d+ ) ' ( . * ) '' ( \w ) / . match ( latlong ) . to_a calculate_latlong ( degrees , minutes , seconds , rotation ) end def calculate_latlong ( degrees , minutes , seconds , rotation ) calculated_latlong = degrees . to_f + minutes . to_f / 60 + seconds . to_f / 3600 [ 'S ' , ' W ' ] . include ? ( rotation ) ? - calculated_latlong : calculated_latlong end
The particular parsing and calculation logic that I 'm using above is parsing a string that the iPhone uses to store the format of latitude and longitude ( e.g . “ 40 deg 41 ' 22.22 ” N ” ) . It 's possible that if this is coming from a non-iPhone that it may be stored in a different format and you will need to change the regular expression .
Google Maps
Sweet , so we have a creepy application set up on the back end , let 's show the user where the image was taken on the front end . We 're going to be using an iframe to embed a Google Map on the Picture # show page . In order to do that , we have to get an API key from Google . We can get one , here : https : //code.google.com/apis/console .
This will allow us to query Google Maps , but we want to make sure that if this is an open source repository , we 're never adding that API key to version control , since if it got into the wrong hands , our Google Maps functionality could be disabled by Google .
Enter dotenv-rails . Dotenv is a way for us to store sensitive information in a file ( .env ) and not have it checked into version control .
First , let 's add dotenv-rails to our Gemfile . We have to make sure that this is done at the top of the Gemfile , right after source :
gem 'dotenv-rails ' , groups : [ : development , : test ]
And bundle to install the gem :
$ bundle
And then we add our API key to .env ( obviously replace with your own , the below one is not functional ) :
GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY=AIzaSyAfCI6RpkFNMbrnUDlIV4MAAbaRGiU-2k
This will now allow us to access the key as so anywhere in our Rails code : ENV [ 'GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY ' ] . Which is perfect , because we 'll need that in our view to display the map . Let 's edit app/views/pictures/show.html.erb and put the following code after the image_tag :
< iframe width= `` 600 '' height= `` 450 '' frameborder= `` 0 '' style= `` border:0 '' src= `` https : //www.google.com/maps/embed/v1/place ? key= < % = ENV [ 'GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY ' ] % > & q= < % = `` # { @ picture . latitude } , # { @ picture . longitude } `` % > `` > < /iframe > < br >
Sep 25 , 2015 Ξ Comments are off
By Sid Sharma
@ SidBSharma
The Cynical Desi
The Good : Diverse cast & fast paced story
The Bad : Slightly formulaic
The Ugly : Needs better special effects
Can Indians be cool and sexy on a mainstream American TV show ? If Quantico and Priyanka Chopra have anything to say on the matter , I believe the answer is a resounding yes . The show is fast paced and the plot threads established in the pilot had me invested . I hope , however , that future episodes will see the writers take more creative chances .
The show begins in the rubble and aftermath of an apparent terrorist attack at Grand Central Station . Alex Parrish ( Chopra ) is in the thick of it , lying unconscious . Obviously , something has gone horribly wrong . Worse still , people suspect this was the work of someone within the FBI .
It is not explicit that Alex is an Indian American and while this might rub people in the wrong way , focusing on it would have robbed the pace of the show . The only direct reference happens in the first few seconds as we see Alex wearing an Om bracelet at the site of the attack . If you have no idea what that means , you are none the wiser and the shock of the scene remains intact . This is quite an accomplishment if you think about it .
After seeing the trauma of the attack , we flash back six months . The show quickly goes about establishing Alex : they like working out , has a taste for indie music , things with their mother could be better , and they are very sexually liberated . On the last point , they have sex with a seemingly random guy in an airport parking lot . Perhaps most important detail here is not so much that they have sex but that they are able to deconstruct their fling with Sherlock Holmes-like analysis .
While Chopra 's character is the anchor and most of the story centers around her , Alex is part of a larger team . This team is introduced in quick succession in short vignettes . The most intriguing character is Nimah Anwar ( played by Yasmine Al Massri ) . She 's Middle Eastern and they seem to have an edge . I was most engaged when Nimah was on screen and hope they take advantage of the character in the future .
Strangely enough the FBI building in Quantico looks more like a local college than it does a serious center of crime fighting . It 's obvious they 're trying to make the show a metaphor for higher education . This comes complete with a no-nonsense head honcho , Miranda Shaw played by Aunjanue Ellis , gruffly telling the candidates that most of them wo n't make it . I certainly hope that the reality TV show element of characters washing out will be kept to a minimum . But it must appeal to younger audiences who grew up on a steady dose of the Hunger Games .
The strength of the first episode comes from the structure . Characters have to figure out some hidden fact about another teammate within 24 hours or they will be let go . Amid the martial arts , one-upmanship dialogue and gun training , this plot device lets you dive into the characters , motivations and backstories without feeling artificial or forced . Generally speaking , these are good characters with lot to say and ABC is to be commended for exploring the lives of such diverse people .
I have two minor quibbles with the premier . They are the less than stellar visual effects and storytelling that sticks too close to what has gone before . The first is forgivable and perhaps not even worth mentioning . The odd way the paper flies from a charred building or the overly glossy skyline really do not detract from serious storytelling , but it feels off in a major network TV show . The second issue is a little bit more concerning . While it does a lot to engage the viewer , I ca n't shake the feeling that this is writing following a tried and true formula . You can sit down with a script writing handbook and call out when certain things should happen and they come right on schedule on Quantico . I understand that series premiers are often hostages to these phenomena , so I hope that future episodes will venture into more untested waters .
Taken together , this is a good show with a lot of promise . The tension is sustained and significantly ratcheted up through the latter half . Intrigue will keep you guessing and will engage you . In all , it is an exciting show that I will tune into again .
Quantico premiers Sunday , September 27th at 10e/9c on ABC .
Well today was the craziest day of my baseball career , and I did n't even end up doing any baseball related activity . I went to my office this morning , same as I do every weekday during the off season , bag packed to make the trip across the city and hit after getting off work at 5 o'clock . The morning was typically crazy , as our major trade show is tomorrow , so everything that can possibly go sideways , has . I scrambled around trying to organize last second sample shipments , unloading Christmas items into our Sample Room , and then back into the warehouse . I fired off NPIS ( new product identification sheets ) cards at a rate never seen before , printing and stapling the product pictures to their information sheets . Everything seemed to be typically crazy , and then , shortly after I got back from my lunch break everything turned not so typically crazy .
I walked back into my office and had a text from my mom “ Check ur email . Read about Padres prospects 2b…then catchers. ” Apparently they had found an article writing up all the guys in our organization and we were going to have a laugh over the fact that I was still listed as a second baseman in spite of the fact that I 'd been working out at Instructs as a catcher . When I opened my hotmail inbox I found not only their email address , but one from AJ Hinch , the assistant general manager of the Padres . I opened their first figuring it was something important , it was the first time I 'd ever gotten an email from that high in the front office . Their email asked me to call the GM Josh Byrnes , which I did immediately . Apparently the club had tried to call my American phone number but being home in Toronto that phone was off , so email was the only way to get in touch with me . Mr. Byrnes told me that I 'd been traded to the Tampa Bay Rays in a seven player deal . They thanked me for working hard while with the Padres and wished me luck in my new organization . They had nothing but positive things to say , and I was thankful that was the case . They agreed to pass my Canadian phone number to the Rays front office so they could contact me later .
With one phone call that lasted under 10 minutes my life had been thrown a major curveball . I 'm talking David Price , ALCS , 0-2 count in the 8th inning curveball . I certainly was n't expecting to find out I 'd been traded , I had just recently booked all my hotels en route to Arizona for Spring Training . I sat back in my chair and took a huge deep breath trying to get some of my senses to come back to me . I immediately called my mom 's cell phone and let them know . My sister actually picked up the call so they broke the news to my mom . I called my dad and told them the news , and then a few minutes later my agent , Blake , called me . I was running back and forth between trade show preparation and this whirlwind that is being traded . I went back to tagging Christmas samples for the show , scanning them into our inventory system and arranging them to be packed for the show . I cleared the samples shelf by shelf until my phone rang and it was the Rays people calling . I had a quick conversation with them during which we discussed both catching and playing the infield . We discussed Spring Training briefly and they were incredibly welcoming to me , again , it was a very positive conversation .
I smiled as I put my phone back into my pocket and headed back to my job . The afternoon was a struggle to keep focused as I was trying to keep the idea of being traded out of my mind . All I wanted to do was sit down and look up whom the deal included , what people were saying about it , who the Rays minor league affiliates were etc . I felt as if I was in outer space , my body felt weightless , my mind felt empty and yet I had a million things swirling in my head . The most difficult part of the day was ignoring the fact that my phone was buzzing every few seconds . I really wanted to check it every time , but I knew I owed it to the company I work for at home to just bear down and get the stuff finished in the office . When I had a free minute a couple of hours after hearing the news the first time I checked my phone . Text messages from my teammates and friends flooded my inbox , my Twitter feed was overrun with hundreds of notifications from Tampa Bay Rays fans welcoming me to the organization , and my Facebook was slowly starting to light up with notifications as well .
It was absolutely incredible to read all of the messages , these coming from people that had never even seen me play ! They just saw my name , looked me up on Twitter and felt like welcoming me to the organization was the right thing to do . I can not thank those people enough , it was truly an incredible feeling . I tried to favorite every Tweet that came in , to give a personal acknowledgment to each person that had taken the time to welcome me . It was an absolutely crazy day , one that I will never forget . It was such an insane flood of emotion both positive and negative that I could n't even begin to process it all until just a little while ago .
Finally , I want to thank the San Diego Padres . Ever since I was a 3 year old kid playing ball on my grandparents front lawn I 've wanted to be a professional baseball player . In 2012 the San Diego Padres made an investment in me , and in my career allowing me to live out that dream in signing my first professional contract . They 've put me in a position to learn from some great coaches , and play every day for the season and a half I was with the organization . I 've met some awesome guys that have become lifelong friends . I 've met people in the cities I 've played in that will also be friends long after my playing days are over . To everyone in San Diego , Eugene , and Fort Wayne and all the people who work tirelessly at our complex in Peoria , Arizona , thank you for everything you 've done for me . I appreciate it all , it has been a blessing .
Now in the next few days I 'll find out the rest of the details of my report date etc with Tampa Bay . Spring Training will be in Port Charlotte , Florida which is awesome considering my grandparents place in Florida is just over 2 hours away . I am so excited to join the Rays organization , I 've heard nothing but great things and if today was any indication the fan base truly loves their team . What an exciting opportunity to continue chasing my childhood dream ! GO Rays !
Saskatchewan says nine new joint-use schools are planned in the province to deal with a surge in student enrolment .
The schools are to be built in communities with unprecedented growth . Four will be in Saskatoon , three in Regina , one in Warman and one in Martensville .
A joint-use school is one where public and Catholic boards could share things such as gymnasiums , practical and applied arts spaces , band rooms or daycares , while having their own teaching space and staff .
Story continues below advertisement
The idea is to share maintenance costs and save money . However , the exact model for the nine new schools is yet to be determined .
Vicky Bonnell , chairperson of the Regina Catholic School Division board of education , says the new schools will go a long way to accommodate the city 's growth .
`` Our division has been growing on average the size of an elementary school each year for the past four years , '' Ms. Bonnell said in a news release Tuesday .
`` While this growth is welcome , it does strain our facilities . ''
Premier Brad Wall has said there is a real demand for more student spaces across the province .
The number of elementary school students in Saskatchewan is up by about 11,000 since 2007 . Most of that growth – almost 8,500 students – has been in Saskatoon , Regina , Warman and Martensville .
`` Saskatoon Public Schools has seen unprecedented growth in the last few years , '' said Ray Morrison , chair of the Saskatoon Public School Division board of education .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` With new neighbourhoods being built , we need to ensure we can provide the right facilities to support learning for our students . ''
The Saskatchewan School Boards Association – which represents public , separate and francophone school divisions – says it welcomes the funding announcement for new school facilities . But the association also says it 's concerned that there is n't a plan to address long-term needs for education infrastructure .
`` We have heard from students and staff over the past few years that the growth pressures in some areas of the province have caused overcrowded classrooms , '' said association president Janet Foord . `` Thankfully , announcements such as this one will alleviate some of those concerns .
`` But there 's more to do across the province and working in partnership with the Ministry of Education and other sector partners is necessary to address the long-term concerns . ''
For example , the association says about 75 per cent of roofing in Saskatchewan schools will fail within the next five years . It also notes that the average age of the buildings is about 50 years .
The new schools will be built through a public-private partnership , also known as a P3 .
Story continues below advertisement
Construction could take about four years , but Mr. Wall has said the P3 model means schools can be built faster and for less money .
Opposition NDP Leader Cam Broten said they do n't have an ideological opposition to the P3 model in education .
But decisions about building schools need to be cost-effective , fill the right need and be done in a timely way , they said .
`` We can look at the bundling approach when it was pursued in Alberta , which caused many problems for schools not actually meeting the local needs within the community with respect to being customized in order to have community groups access , '' Mr. Broten said .
`` Also in terms of relocatables or portables being added on or taken away from the schools , so there are some real restrictions in that context with bundling , '' they said .
`` We know that we need new schools , the question is how do we do this in the best possible way . ''
A parallel universe may not just be a quirk of science fiction anymore ; scientists think they may have found evidence for the idea of a universe other than our own . It all has to do with a strange Cold Spot , which researchers have n't had an easy time explaining ; some even suggest it could actually be an optical illusion . But new research reveals something far more bizarre may be going on .
NASA first discovered the baffling Cold Spot in 2004 . The Cold Spot is 1.8 billion light years across and , as you may have guessed , colder than what surrounds it in the universe . Scientists thought perhaps it was colder because it had 10,000 fewer galaxies than other regions of similar size . They even thought perhaps the Cold Spot was just a trick of the light .
Related : ‘ Largest-ever ' new map of universe shows 1.2 million galaxies
But now an international team of researchers thinks perhaps the Cold Spot could actually offer evidence for the concept of a multiverse . The Guardian explains an infinite number of universes make up a multiverse ; each having its own reality different from ours . These scientists say they 've ruled out the last-ditch optical illusion idea . Instead , they think our universe may have collided with another in what News.com.au described as something like a car crash ; the impact could have pushed energy away from an area of space to result in the Cold Spot .
Physicist Tom Shanks of the University of Durham said in a statement , “ We ca n't entirely rule out that the Spot is caused by an unlikely fluctuation explained by the standard model . But if that is n't the answer , then there are more exotic explanations . Perhaps the most exciting of these is that the Cold Spot was caused by a collision between our universe and another bubble universe . ”
If more research backs up this new idea , “ …then the Cold Spot might be taken as the first evidence for the multiverse – and billions of other universes may exist like our own . ”
Eight scientists from institutions in the United Kingdom , Chile , Spain , and the United States collaborated on a study recently published in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Via The Independent , News.com.au , and The Guardian
Images via Pexels and Pixabay
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A boy of 14 has died in a car crash in Birmingham .
They were a passenger in a vehicle which smashed into a tree in Stechford Road , Hodge Hill , just after 11pm on Friday .
Two fire crews from Ward End were sent to the scene along with paramedics but they were pronounced dead at the scene .
West Midlands Fire Service said they suffered chest and stomach injuries .
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said : “ Crews performed advanced life support techniques on the boy but despite those best efforts , nothing could be done to save them and they were confirmed dead at the scene . ”
Furious at this teammates ' incompetence which had led to their defeat in a League of Legends match , one very hardcore gamer took out all of their frustration on their computer .
Consumed by rage , the guy delivered a ferocious headshot to the innocent computer screen , smashing through the screen and leaving their head stuck inside . It 's not clear how long they remained stuck there before their friends and internet cafe workers decided to help them out , but it was definitely long enough for other gamers to snap photos , which have gone viral on Chinese social media .
The computer screen was left with a sizable hole , while the guy 's head was left dripping blood .
The scene occurred in Lanzhou last Thursday . A local reporter recently visited the internet cafe where workers confirmed that the bizarre incident did in fact happen , adding that they had already thrown away the unfortunate computer screen .
[ Images via NetEase ]
Follow Shanghaiist on WeChat Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
Story highlights Citizens ' group submits more than 45,000 signatures to Alaska election officials
It needs 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot
The proposal is similar to one passed in Colorado
It allows limited amounts of marijuana for adults ages 21 or older
Marijuana prohibition laws are slowly going up in smoke .
An Alaska citizens ' group is pushing to legalize recreational marijuana , which would make it the third state to do so after Colorado and Washington .
Driven by growing public support , Campaign to Regulate Marijuana submitted more than 45,000 signatures Wednesday to Alaska election officials . It needs about 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot .
`` The proposed initiative will take marijuana sales out of the underground market and put them in legitimate , taxpaying businesses , '' said Tim Hinterberger , one of the initiative 's sponsors . `` Replacing marijuana prohibition with a system of taxation and sensible regulation will bolster Alaska 's economy by creating jobs and generating revenue for the state . ''
The proposal similar to one passed in Colorado legalizes the growing , buying and consumption of marijuana for adults ages 21 or older , CNN affiliate KTUU reported .
JUST WATCHED Barkley : Pot did nothing but make me eat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Barkley : Pot did nothing but make me eat 00:50
Alaska law currently allows those with a medicinal marijuana prescription to legally grow up to six plants or have up to one ounce , according to the affiliate .
The proposal will not only open doors for recreational use , it provides more options for medicinal marijuana users with limited access , Hinterberger told the affiliate .
But marijuana legalization opponents say there are serious health consequences , and argue the drug is often a gateway to harmful , addictive substances .
Washington and Colorado legalized recreational marijuana last year , but the latter became the first state to commence sales this month . Sales in Washington have not started yet .
In addition to Colorado and Washington , 18 other states and the District of Columbia allow some legal use of marijuana , primarily for medicinal purposes .
As King County Metro considers a fare hike , the agency gets roughly 31 percent of its operating costs from fares , with the rest coming from taxes . That number meets Metro 's target but is lower than the national average .
It 's no secret that bus fares do n't pay for the full cost of a bus ride . Anyone who 's voted on a transportation levy knows that .
Transit systems are funded by a mixture of fares and tax money . Fares cover almost none of most transit systems ' capital expenses — the costs of building a system — and only a portion of operating expenses — the costs of running a system .
With King County Metro currently pondering a fare hike , how much of its operating costs are covered by those fares , and how much comes from taxes ?
Metro brought in nearly $ 160 million in fare revenues in 2015 , the most recent year for which data is available , enough to cover about 31 percent of operating costs . That ratio — known in transit-speak as farebox recovery — is slightly lower than the national average , meaning Metro is slightly more dependent on taxes ( as opposed to fares ) than the average transit agency .
Learn more about Traffic Lab » | Follow us on Twitter » Traffic Lab is a Seattle Times project that digs into the region 's thorny transportation issues , spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock , and helps readers find the best ways to get around . It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines , CenturyLink , Kemper Development Co. , NHL Seattle , PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company and Seattle Children 's hospital . Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over Traffic Lab content .
The ratio for all transit agencies nationally was 36 percent in 2015 , according to Federal Transit Administration data .
Sound Transit 's light rail , while grabbing headlines for the tax hikes that fund its construction , actually draws more of its operating expenses from fares — about 40 percent — than either Metro or the average transit agency .
Sound Transit calculates its numbers separately for each service . Its farebox recovery for commuter rail and express buses is both around 30 percent .
All transit agencies have targeted farebox-recovery numbers that they try to meet , one way to measure whether buses and trains are running mostly full and efficiently .
There are only a few cities in the world — Hong Kong and Singapore are the most prominent — that have farebox-recovery ratios higher than 100 percent , meaning that fares fully fund operating costs . Those cities tend to be very compact with heavily used transit systems and very low private-car ownership .
Metro 's target is 25 percent — they want one out of every four dollars to come from fares — and they 've exceeded it every year since the target was adopted in 2011 .
They 're currently considering a fare increase that would eliminate the extra charge for longer multizone trips , but would either raise the standard fare by a quarter to $ 2.75 , or raise the peak rush-hour fare by a quarter to $ 3 . The Metropolitan King County Council will consider the fare changes in June and a decision is expected later this year .
Metro 's farebox recovery has also increased every year since 2007 .
A higher ratio means that a transit system is busy and people using buses are the ones paying for buses . Is that good ? The answer probably depends on how much you ride the bus .
Using tolls to fund highways similarly ensures that people using the roads are the ones paying for them . But , at least among drivers , tolls are wildly unpopular .
In Maryland , lawmakers this year repealed a longstanding state law that required transit agencies to have a farebox-recovery ratio of at least 35 percent , arguing that the mandate discouraged investment in transit systems .
The highest farebox recovery ratio in the U.S. likely belongs to the Bay Area 's rail system , BART , which collects more than 75 percent of its operating costs in fares . That 's a result of a heavily used system with high fares ( the average fare is $ 3.67 , the highest is $ 15.70 ) , with no weekly or monthly passes .
The Seattle Transit Riders Union objects to Metro 's farebox recovery target , arguing that having to meet such a standard leads to fare boosts .
“ Public transit is a public good , ” the Transit Riders Union wrote in 2015 , the last time Metro was considering a fare hike . “ The more it expands and the more it is used , the more everyone benefits , and so we believe public transit should be publicly and progressively funded . ”
Stage 2 of 5 of the AZ 2016 Independence Day Match .
Part 1 is here : https : //www.full30.com/video/884592a8e52b350c50017a1d9e06f1e0
We have a tradition of rifle matches used to celebrate specific things in Arizona , like President 's Day , as well as Independence Day .
The AZ Independence Day match has been at different venues over the years and this year was its inauguration at Cowtown . Cowtown is an amazing facility with incredible ranges !
Karl used a Century Arms C308 G3/CETME with a Russian 3.5x20 VOMZ scope in the `` Trooper '' division . Trooper division requires the shooter to carry all of the gear and all of the ammunition they plan to use for the entire match through every stage .
This match is also a good cause , in that was a fund raiser for the Phoenix Children 's Hospital that raised over $ 1000 for the kids .
A number of sponsors stepped up to the plate to promote the match and these ideals , please consider visiting them if you 're in need of any gear or training :
KE ARMS - http : //www.kearms.com/
We Plead the 2nd - http : //www.wepleadthe2nd.com/
The Tactical Medic - http : //shop.thetacticalmedic.com/
Wilderness Gear - http : //www.thewilderness.com/
Redwire Gear - http : //www.redwiregear.com/
Precision 3D Targets - https : //www.p3dt.com
Please consider sponsoring InRangeTV on Patreon :
https : //www.patreon.com/InRangeTV
The Great Lakes states have lost another round in the legal fight to stop the spread of invasive Asian carp from the Mississippi River Basin . A federal district court has dismissed the suit brought by Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , Ohio , and Pennsylvania against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Chicago 's Metropolitan Water Reclamation District , seeking measures to prevent Asian carp from moving through the Chicago Area Waterway System into Lake Michigan . ( Michigan v. U.S. Army Corps of Eng'rs , No . 10-cv-4457 ( N.D. Ill. Dec. 3 , 2012 ) ) . The plaintiff states have already appealed the decision to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals .
The plaintiff states had first pursued relief in the U.S. Supreme Court in December 2009 , seeking a reopening of the Court 's decree in Wisconsin v. Illinois authorizing the Chicago diversion with waterways connecting the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River Basin . The Supreme Court rejected the states ' petition without opinion in April 2010 , leaving the states to seek relief in lower courts . In July 2010 , the plaintiff states filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , claiming that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago have created a public nuisance ( and the Corps is violating the federal Administrative Procedure Act ) by allowing Asian carp to threaten the waters and fisheries of the Great Lakes . The states ' request for preliminary injunctive relief to close the Chicago waterway system to the passage of invasive Asian carp was denied by the District Court in December 2010 and the denial was affirmed by the Seventh Circuit in 2011 . However , while the Seventh Circuit affirmed the denial of preliminary injunctive relief , the court 's opinion left the door open for the states to pursue their public nuisance claims against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , rejecting the federal government 's arguments of sovereign immunity and statutory displacement of the common law .
With the denial of preliminary injunctive relief affirmed on appeals , the case came back to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois and the defendants moved to dismiss all claims . In December 2012 , U.S. District Judge John J. Tharp , Jr. dismissed the states ' public nuisance claims and related claims against the Corps pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act . In a 46-page opinion , the district court first acknowledged “ the potentially devastating ecological , environmental , and economic consequences that may result from the establishment of an Asian carp population in the Great Lakes. ” However , the district court held as a matter of law that because Congress has required the Corps to maintain navigation on the waterways connecting Lakes Michigan and the Mississippi River Basin , the failure of the Corps to take measures to close the waterways is not a public nuisance or otherwise unlawful . According to the district court , the Corps actions and omissions that may cause the Asian carp invasion are required by federal statute and thus can not constitute a public nuisance for a court to remedy .
The district court 's opinion does give the states a legal lifeline to resurrect their claims . Addressing a question left open by the Seventh Circuit , the district court held that a public nuisance claim could be made against the federal government . The federal government had argued that it could never be subject to a public nuisance claim because the government always acts in the public interest . This theory goes back to old English law and the rights of the Crown , that a King or Queen could never be the source of a nuisance to the public . Judge Tharp rejected this argument , wisely questioning the underlying assumption of the “ agency as guardian of the public welfare ” in modern America . To shield the federal government from public nuisance suits would “ resurrect a doctrine that , along with notions about divine rights and other detritus of monarchy , does not appear to have survived the Revolution . ”
The district court also allowed the plaintiff states to amend their complaint to seek relief that would not be precluded by statute . Instead of pursuing that route , the plaintiff states have filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit , setting the stage for an appellate decision on whether the federal government can be subject to a public nuisance claim for failing to protect the Great Lakes from invasive Asian carp .
The former Fox executive is said to be interested in a significant role overseeing the combined company 's content operations .
Peter Chernin is destined to take a major role overseeing Time Warner if a potential AT & T acquisition comes to fruition as expected , according to industry sources .
The formalization of that role may take time to crystallize , as the proposed merger — assuming it passes federal muster — would be about a year off .
Chernin , 65 , is said to be uninterested in a day-to-day executive job , but that does not preclude a significant role overseeing the combined company 's content operations . Through a spokesperson , Chernin declined to comment . The deal , which Reuters reported would value Time Warner at $ 85 billion ( or $ 110 per share ) , is said to be in the final stages of negotiation and could be announced Monday .
For years , Chernin has been deeply involved in the media world — at times working closely with AT & T — while keeping a fairly low profile . They run their eponymous production company , investing here , advising there , potentially putting themselves in a position to run a media giant but never alighting anywhere . There has been speculation about them landing a top job at NBCUniversal , Disney , Yahoo or any other place where a gig worthy of their experience was to be had .
For years , meanwhile , Time Warner chairperson and CEO Jeff Bewkes prepped for an eventual sale of their company , parent of HBO , CNN , the Warner Bros. film and television studios , and the Turner television networks . They slimmed it down , spun off assets including Time Warner Cable , and installed top managers with more experience on the business rather than creative side of entertainment — notably Kevin Tsujihara at Warner Bros . While Bewkes rebuffed Rupert Murdoch 's offer , valued at $ 80 billion , in 2014 , they have long been regarded in the industry as a seller . Many Hollywood insiders marveled , for example , at their seeming indifference as the Warners film studio suffered through an ill-fated management bakeoff . Their eyes were on another prize .
Chernin , who recently finished a term as a Twitter board member , has had a relationship with AT & T for several years via Otter Media , a joint venture between the telecom giant and their Chernin Group founded in 2014 with a $ 500 million commitment to invest in , acquire and develop over-the-top video services such as YouTube network Fullscreen and anime subscription service Crunchyroll . Just yesterday , Chernin said Time Warner would be attractive to AT & T and sung its praises in a CNBC interview . `` They understand the content business , '' they said of AT & T , which bought DirecTV last year .
Prior to Otter and the Chernin Group , best known as the company behind the rejuvenated Planet of the Apes film franchise , Chernin was an executive at Murdoch 's News Corp. for two decades . Under Murdoch , Chernin was regarded as one of the most powerful executives in Hollywood . When they ran Fox Broadcasting , they took it to No . 1 in the 18-49 demographic , and when they ran 20th Century Fox Television it became the top supplier of shows to all networks .
As head of Fox Filmed Entertainment , they oversaw production of Titanic and Avatar , which remain the top two films in history in terms of worldwide box office , combining for nearly $ 5 billion .
Chernin was eventually made president and COO at News Corp. ( long before it split from 21st Century Fox ) , which might have made them Murdoch 's successor if not for the mogul 's desire to eventually turn the conglomerate over to their sons , James and Lachlan .
Chernin left News Corp. in 2009 and founded the Chernin Group the following year . The company 's Chernin Entertainment has a first-look deal with Fox for both film and TV projects , the latter of which has produced titles like New Girl . The Fox deal , though , would likely need a tweak if Chernin is to be installed at Time Warner .
Paul Bond and Natalie Jarvey contributed to this report .
I do n't think so ...
I purchased a bottle of Bruichladdich , Black Arts , last week and thought I would forward my thoughts for the next sucker , I mean customer , who is looking for something really special .
“ Black Arts ” tastes exactly the same as the Bruichladdich 10yr I bought a few years ago , for $ 65 . I suspect it is , in-fact , the very same bottle , with a different label . There is some pretty good scotch out there for this price point , and people would be well served , who are willing to spill this kind of cash , to spend it on some other brand . It 's descent scotch , but for the price , I will forever feel like a fool every time I take a sip of it . I have 4 other bottles which are far superior , that cost nearly half the price . The only thing unique about this bottle is the descriptor on the Bruichladdich website , which waxes poetically about every tasting note under the sun , completely unrelated to the actual product . I am very disappointed to say the least…
I do n't know what it is about me and green polishes , but I have found myself really attracted to them . When I saw some swatches of Bourjois Vert Chlorophylle online , I instantly wanted it . I was beyond psyched when I got this beauty for my birthday from one of my lovely French polish enablers : Sabrina from Polish In Paris . They have single-handedly created a Kiko monster out of me with all the lovely polishes they have sent me that are not available in the US . It 's a double edged sword , I tell you ! Bourjois is yet another brand that is not easy to come by here in the States so this makes this polish EXTRA special .
This is 2 buttery coats of Vert Chlorophylle WITHOUT a top coat . Look how amazingly shiny this polish is . I guess their Ultra Shine line really is that shiny .
I was feeling a little dot-happy so this happened :
I do n't know about you , but dotting tools have recently opened up the crazy world of nail art for me . I 've had dotting tools for a while but I guess I never really used them except for , uhm…dots . Let me tell you , they are not just for dots ! These dots remind me of a conversation I had with my friend who is a jr. high school teacher because they were telling me how they have to have like 30 sets of eyes going all over the place to keep their kids in line . We started doing crazy googly eyes with our fingers and we laughed because we got to talking about what horrible kids we were in jr. high . Because of this , they can anticipate everything those kids are even thinking of throwing at them
So what do you think about this polish ? Do you like using dotting tools ? Thanks again to Sabrina for sending me such a lovely polish !
In Bitcoin We Trust has just launched and allows for easy purchase of Bitcoin for people in the UK using GBP/BTC as it 's main focus . It also allows for USD and EUR exchange . IBWT employs two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) and time-based one-time password algorithm ( TOTP ) , for login , withdrawals , deposits and settings . UK residents have long been awaiting a exclusive exchange catering to their needs and IBWT could very well be that exchange . It seems like every UK exchange to pop up recently has vanished without a trace . Let 's hope IBWT is here to stay .
For now , IBWT deals only in BTC , USD , EUR & GBP . They plan to integrate Litecoin and perhaps other digital currencies as time progresses . Anyone can register however the fully verified features are currently only available to UK residents with a UK bank account . Good luck to IWBT and we wish them the best of success .
Human rights groups have urged the Azerbaijani government to release dozens of LGBT people from jail after reports of mass arrests and abuse .
International advocacy group ILGA said it was hard to gauge the scale of the alleged crackdown - reported to have stretched over the past two weeks - but said the country was well known for its poor treatment of lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex people .
Lawyers for some of those arrested said their clients had been subjected to beatings , verbal abuse and forced medical examinations , the group said .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
The reports could not be independently verified .
`` There is no justification for this indiscriminate targeting of people perceived to be members of the LGBTI community , '' said ILGA 's executive director in Europe , Evelyne Paradis .
`` ( We ) are worried about the fate of the victims of these raids , and are calling for the immediate release of anyone still in detention , '' they added in a statement .
The government 's Ministry of Internal Affairs has responded to criticism by activists in the past by claiming that the raids were not a specific attack on LGBT people but instead a crackdown on prostitution .
An unnamed official told Azerbaijan news website Caucasian Knot : “ In our country , sex minority members have never been persecuted ” .
British gay rights group Stonewall said the authorities had claimed the arrests were part of a crackdown on prostitution , but activists said LGBT people had been singled out .
Shape Created with Sketch . The best LGBT honeymoon destinations Show all 20 left Created with Sketch . right Created with Sketch . Shape Created with Sketch . The best LGBT honeymoon destinations 1/20 Bora Bora is textbook honeymoon territory Out of Office 2/20 The stilt fishermen of Sri Lanka Out of Office 3/20 Santorini sunsets are among the best in the world Out of Office 4/20 Team Sri Lanka with the Maldives Out of Office 5/20 Ozen , a typical Maldives honeymoon retreat Out of Office 6/20 There 's more to Mykonos than its party reputation Out of Office 7/20 Honolulu 's the place for top notch hotels Out of Office 8/20 Rotorua in New Zealand - perfect for a different kind of honeymoon Out of Office 9/20 LUX South Ari Atoll in the Maldives Out of Office 10/20 Pick South Africa for a properly wild honeymoon MHVILJOEN/Out of Office 11/20 And relax , at Le Meridien Bora Bora Out of Office 12/20 Bora Bora 's your typical honeymoon destination Out of Office 13/20 Iceland 's magnificent landscape is a pretty impressive start to a marriage Out of Office 14/20 Some beaches are better for same-sex couples than others Out of Office 15/20 In Bali , every house doubles as a temple complex Out of Office 16/20 Seminyak is where to chill out in Bali Out of Office 17/20 Iguazu Falls straddle Brazil and Argentina Out of Office 18/20 A honeymoon in Iceland might turn up the Northern Lights Out of Office 19/20 Rio embraces LGBT travellers Out of Office 20/20 Queenstown New Zealand Out of Office 1/20 Bora Bora is textbook honeymoon territory Out of Office 2/20 The stilt fishermen of Sri Lanka Out of Office 3/20 Santorini sunsets are among the best in the world Out of Office 4/20 Team Sri Lanka with the Maldives Out of Office 5/20 Ozen , a typical Maldives honeymoon retreat Out of Office 6/20 There 's more to Mykonos than its party reputation Out of Office 7/20 Honolulu 's the place for top notch hotels Out of Office 8/20 Rotorua in New Zealand - perfect for a different kind of honeymoon Out of Office 9/20 LUX South Ari Atoll in the Maldives Out of Office 10/20 Pick South Africa for a properly wild honeymoon MHVILJOEN/Out of Office 11/20 And relax , at Le Meridien Bora Bora Out of Office 12/20 Bora Bora 's your typical honeymoon destination Out of Office 13/20 Iceland 's magnificent landscape is a pretty impressive start to a marriage Out of Office 14/20 Some beaches are better for same-sex couples than others Out of Office 15/20 In Bali , every house doubles as a temple complex Out of Office 16/20 Seminyak is where to chill out in Bali Out of Office 17/20 Iguazu Falls straddle Brazil and Argentina Out of Office 18/20 A honeymoon in Iceland might turn up the Northern Lights Out of Office 19/20 Rio embraces LGBT travellers Out of Office 20/20 Queenstown New Zealand Out of Office
Trans women have had their heads forcibly shaven , it added .
Local activists said at least 50 gay and trans people have been detained in police raids across the capital , Baku , over the past two weeks .
`` Main streets , metro stations and LGBT-friendly places like clubs , pubs and bars are the main targets , '' a Baku-based activist , who preferred to remain anonymous , told the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
Civil Rights Defenders , a human rights group based in Sweden , said the number of arrests could run into the hundreds , adding many were released only after giving up the addresses of fellow members of the LGBT community .
Speaking to local news agency APA , an interior ministry spokesperson denied the raids singled out any sexual minorities , suggesting they were related to public order .
`` The arrested are people who demonstratively show lack of respect towards others , annoy citizens and are believed by health authorities to carry infectious diseases , '' spokesperson Eskhan Zakhidov was quoted as saying .
Homosexuality was legalised in 2000 in Azerbaijan but the post-Soviet , Caucasian country was ranked the worst in Europe for LGBT people in a 2016 survey by ILGA .
The alleged arrests followed a crackdown on LGBT people in nearby Chechnya , where more than 100 gay men were believed to have been rounded up and tortured earlier this year .
Additional reporting by Reuters
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
It fetched more than double its expected asking price .
The Abbey Road Studios recording console used during the creation of Pink Floyd 's ‘ Dark Side Of The Moon ' has been sold at auction for $ 1.8m ( £1.45m ) .
The console , installed at Abbey Road 's Studio 2 between 1971 and 1983 , was also used during the recording of albums by Kate Bush , The Cure , and three former Beatles : Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr .
It has been owned since 1983 by Mike Hedges , who purchased it directly from Abbey Road . When Hedges put it up for sale at Bonhams auction house in New York earlier this month , they said the console remained in “ excellent working condition ” .
Rolling Stone reports that the recording console fetched more than double its expected price of $ 700,000 ( £560,000 ) .
It was sold with letters of provenance confirming its authenticity and a record of its history from an Abbey Road technician . The buyer 's identity has not been revealed .
‘ Dark Side Of The Moon ' , Pink Floyd 's eighth studio album , released in March 1973 , has gone down as one of the greatest rock records of all time , and was primarily recorded at the iconic Abbey Road Studios in London .
In February , rumours that Pink Floyd could reunite to play at this year 's Glastonbury Festival circulated after drummer Nick Mason said he 'd be “ open to the opportunity . ”
There is nearly three months left until the puck drops , but now that the NHL has hit a lull in its summer activities , there is one item that needs to be cleared up : the Columbus Blue Jackets still are n't a playoff team . Sorry to be the guy that rains on your parade , good people of Ohio .
After the Blue Jackets made a stunning trade for restricted free agent Brandon Saad on the eve of free agency ( and subsequently re-signed him ) , high praise from all over the hockey community poured in to the team : they just acquired a 22-year old stud forward who is one of the game 's rising stars and sent notice throughout the league that they are ready to be major players .
It was n't just the acquisition of Saad that had people hopping on the Columbus Blue Jackets ' bandwagon . They already had a couple of all-star forwards in Ryan Johansen and Nick Foligno on the roster , so the addition of Saad would deepen an already-strong top six forward groups . The team finished last season on a torrid 16-1-1 stretch , lifting them to a 42-35-5 record . While the 89 points was nine points shy of a playoff spot , the Blue Jackets finished with 393-man games lost due to injury , most in the NHL . This included significant time missed from building blocks Brandon Dubinsky and Ryan Murray , the latter missing 70 games due to various injuries to their knee and ankle .
A developing core of players . A former Vezina winner in Sergei Bobrovsky in net . A little bit of better luck in the health department . Momentum from a fantastic finish . All that 's left is to punch that playoff ticket , right ?
Well , not quite .
For all the positive reviews the forward group has received , there are legitimate questions on the blue line . There are some pieces to work with- Jack Johnson , Fedor Tyutin , David Savard– but not nearly enough depth to compensate for its deficiencies . With Bobrovsky in net , the Blue Jackets do n't need to a bunch of Norris Trophy candidates on defense , but some level of competency would help . Last season the Ble Jackets finished 25th in the league in goals allowed per game , allowing 3.02 goals per game . Beyond the goal totals , they allowed the third most shots on net per game at 33.4 . It is n't a formula that is sustainable for successful teams .
It 's not just the team defense either . For those with an eye towards advanced statistics , the team finished 25th and 26th in the league in Corsi For Percentage and Fenwick For Percentage , two key statistical measures of possession . For those who are not familiar with these metrics , it 's a very simple concept : they are indicators of puck possession and the more a team has the puck , the better . These models show that the Columbus Blue Jackets were amongst the worst teams in the league in driving possession . That does n't mean they ca n't be successful with these metrics , but it is more difficult to win when you 're chasing the puck more often than not .
The other factor going against the Columbus Blue Jackets for next season was their success in the shootouts . The finished 9-2 in the shootout which was the best win percentage in the league in the skills competition . While shootout success can be wildly inconsistent from year to year , the league is hoping to see less games go beyond overtime with the implementation of its new three on three formats . The Blue Jackets 33 regulation victories had them in the bottom third of the league in that category as well . Can the Blue Jackets count on racking up the points again in the shootout to keep them afloat ?
There is also the issue , that unfortunately , the team ca n't do anything about : the division they play in , which is tops in the league . Between the Rangers , Capitals , Islanders , and Penguins , the Metropolitan Division is pretty well stacked at the top . While Columbus appears to have improved on paper , none of the top four teams appears to have gotten appreciably worse . The Atlantic Division features the conference champion Lightning , the Carey Price-led Canadiens , the Red Wings , up-and-comers like the Senators and Panthers , and despite some questionable moves , a formidable Bruins team . Do they have an extra nine points in them and the ability to jump over three teams in the process ?
This is n't to knock what the Columbus Blue Jackets have done so far this summer . There is still plenty of time before the season starts , although it seems that most teams have done their heavy lifting already and only a few impact free agents remain . The possibility of acquiring more blue line help seems remote now . With over $ 65 million committed towards the salary cap next season and the team needing to sign restricted free agent Matt Calvert , it 's likely the roster you see now is close to a finished product and will take the ice come October .
The Columbus Blue Jackets have taken another step forward and once some of their young defensive prospects mature , they should be a perennial playoff participant . Unfortunately for them , that wo n't be this year .
UPDATE : Reports earlier say that Matt Calvert re-signed for an average salary of $ 2.2 million , bringing the Blue Jackets ' salary cap to approximately $ 67.2 million .
Cleric been told by the Vatican to leave the UK so as not to create further embarrassment for the Catholic Church
Friends of the disgraced Cardinal Keith O'Brien say he 's been ordered by the Vatican into exile and ditch their plans for retirement in Scotland .
The Herald commented that : ‘ It is the clearest indication yet of the Vatican 's unwillingness to let the matter drift ' of the Cardinal 's sexual assault on male priests when they run seminaries in the 1980s and during a drinks party in Rome .
According to the The Herald , O'Brien was given the news yesterday ( 3 May ) after starting to move their belongings from their Edinburgh residence to their retirement home in Dunbar , East Lothain , three days ago .
The Herald revealed on Thursday that Philip Tartaglia Archbishop of Glasgow and likely to become O'Brien 's successor , was behind an appeal to the Vatican to intervene after Cardinal O'Brien 's re-emergence in Scotland this week .
O'Brien remains the only cardinal and most senior Catholic cleric in the UK , despite being forced to retire from the post of Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh by Pope Benedict XVI after admitting ‘ inappropriate behaviour ' with four priests and a seminarian .
The disgraced Cardinal was also a vehement opponent of LGBT rights and gay marriage saying it would lead to a ‘ further degeneration of society into immorality . '
Last year they were voted ‘ bigot of the year ' by gay rights group Stonewall .
O'Brien , for their part , was quoted as saying : ‘ I 'm just trying to do my best to live a good Christian life myself now .
‘ I have been supported by many good Christian people and many people of no religion at all who realise I have said sorry for anyone I have offended .
‘ If Christianity is about anything at all , it 's about forgiveness . That 's what I have to do as a cardinal priest – just forgive the wrongdoer and help them go back on to the right path .
‘ It 's been quite a difficult , quite a humbling experience for me . It 's very difficult for them [ the men whose complaints led to their retirement ] . That is why I have apologised for being a teacher who has not been able to live up to the teaching of the Church .
‘ We know what 's against God 's law . Consequently , we should try to live by God 's law . I 've apologised for my failures in that respect . '
Asked about any Vatican investigation , they said : ‘ It 's up to those who are responsible in Rome for me to answer that sort of question . '
Robert McDowall , the Scottish chair of the LGBT Network , an international voluntary charity told Gay Star News : ‘ With the encouragement of the Vatican , O'Brien spread an anti-gay campaign causing untold hardship and distress to young LGBT Christians In the process .
‘ He also declared war on marriage equality and tried to bully both the Scottish and UK government to abandon their efforts to advance it , acts which they have not apologized nor asked forgiveness for .
‘ It is likely that in part their hateful campaign , inability to ask for forgiveness , as well as their sexual assault of male priests stems from a conflict of their sexuality with their faith .
‘ Instead of trying to cover up the Cardinal 's affair , the Vatican and O'Brien should do the Christian act of asking for forgiveness and helping put an end to the cycle of hate .
‘ The Church should allow the Cardinal to stay in Scotland after apologizing and asking for forgiveness , to setup a project working with young LGBT Christians in conflict with their religion and sexual orientation . '
Commenting on the news , vertan human rights advocate , Peter Tatchell , told Gay Star News : ‘ The Cardinal is being hung out to dry by the Vatican . It regards the revelations of their long-standing secret gay life as an embarrassment and want to get rid of him .
‘ This is all about the Vatican saving face . They do n't give a damn about O'Brien 's welfare , their victims or the harm they caused LGBT people . As ever , the Catholic leadership is driven by anti-gay dogma ' .
A 2-year-old boy was killed in Jackson on Wednesday night in what police said appears to have been an accidental shooting .
Jayden Jamar Clay was pronounced dead at the scene on WW Carr Avenue by the Butts County coroner , Jackson Police Chief James Morgan told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution .
The boy was shot in the upper lip with what appeared to be a .45-caliber handgun , Morgan said . The gun was found on floor nearby .
They were in the living room of the house playing with their twin brother when they were shot , Morgan said . Their mother , Choice Clay , was in the kitchen area unloading groceries they had just purchased when they heard the shot . It 's believed they were the only three people in the house at the time the shooting occurred .
Police responded to the scene after receiving a 911 call about the incident just after 6 p.m .
Morgan said no one has been taken into custody and the investigation continues .
“ At this point , it appears accidental , ” they said . “ It 's still unclear exactly what happened . ”
Morgan said the owner of the gun had not been determined .
Next-door neighbor Caleano Ponce said , “ It 's a very , very sad situation . ”
They said the Clay family had just moved to the neighborhood and that they had just seen the boy playing in the yard .
“ It really does hit home , ” Ponce said .
The environmental freak show that BP created gets worse yet again . The Guardian :
In two separate research voyages , independent scientists have detected what were described as “ astonishingly high ” levels of methane , or natural gas , bubbling from the well site , setting off a chain of reactions that suck the oxygen out of the water . In some cases , methane concentrations are 100,000 times normal levels .
Other scientists as well as sport fishermen are reporting unusual movements of fish , shrimp , crab and other marine life , including increased shark sightings closer to the Alabama coast .
Larry Crowder , a marine biologist at Duke University , said there were already signs that fish were being driven from their habitat .
“ The animals are already voting with their fins to get away from where the oil spill is and where potentially there is oxygen depletion , ” they said . “ When you begin to see animals changing their distribution that is telling you about the quality of water further offshore . Basically , the fish are moving closer to shore to try to get to better water . ”
Last January , the US Supreme Court ruled that the police must obtain a warrant before secretly attaching a GPS tracking device to your car , at least for any length of time . The decision in Jones v. United States was heralded as a small victory for those of us who like our gadgets but love our privacy even more .
Yesterday , the US Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit failed to uphold the same kind of privacy protection for cell phones . In United States v. Skinner it ruled that because we all know cell phones have GPS transponders that can broadcast our locations at any time , we have no reasonable expectation of privacy when we carry them .
[ Want to Track Someone 's Car ? More Options Roll Out ]
( Disclaimer : I am not a lawyer . And not only am I not a lawyer , but reading legal arguments makes me want to lie down with a cool towel over my head until the throbbing goes away . So take this blog entry with a grain of salt and two Advils , and call an attorney in the morning . )
Ars Technica nicely summarizes the facts of the case . It concerns a dope smuggler named Melvin Skinner ( aka “ Big Foot ” ) . Old Big Foot was part of a ring of marijuana distributors that used disposable cell phones ( aka “ burners ” ) to coordinate their activities ( apparently , they too were big fans of The Wire ) . Big Foot was arrested by the cops at a rest stop in Abilene , Texas , driving a motorhome filled with more than half a ton of marijuana . The cops found them via the location data provided by their cell phone .
The police did obtain legal authority to obtain Bigfoot 's cell phone data – what are known as pen register/trap trace orders . So they could find out who they called and when they called them , but they were n't able to listen in on their conversations . The legal question was whether their location data fell under the legal definition of “ stored communications , ” which can be obtained fairly easily by the cops , or if it was a search under the Fourth Amendment , which requires more stringent judicial oversight .
Bigfoot 's lawyers argued that it was a search , and that the cops did not obtain a warrant sufficient to obtain that information . The court ruled it was just data , and thus covered under the trap trace . And since it involved a gadget the suspect was already carrying , there was no trespass on their property , a la Jones v. US .
The majority opinion by Judge John Rogers [ PDF ] is more than a bit disturbing , however . They wrote :
There is no Fourth Amendment violation because Skinner did not have a reasonable expectation of privacy in the data given off by their voluntarily procured pay-as-you-go cell phone . If a tool used to transport contraband gives off a signal that can be tracked for location , certainly the police can track the signal… . It follows that Skinner had no expectation of privacy in the context of this case , just as the driver of a getaway car has no expectation of privacy in the particular combination of colors of the car 's paint .
In case you missed that , Judge Rogers believes that cell phone location data is no more private than the color of your car . They also go out of their way to note that “ an innocent actor would similarly lack a reasonable expectation of privacy in the inherent external locatability of a tool that they or they bought. ” So this does n't just apply to alleged drug smugglers ; it applies to you and me as well .
Orin Kerr at The Volokh Conspiracy legal blog gets to the essential question : How did the cops obtain that location data , exactly ? Did the wireless company that provided the burners periodically record the phone 's location , leaving a trail of breadcrumbs for the cops to follow ? Or did the cops tell them to ping it ? That would be more like being able to describe the paint on your car from a distance of several hundred miles . Is that something anyone should reasonably expect ? I think not .
The question is n't so much whether Big Foot is guilty ; the question is whether the police treated their location data – and by extension , all of ours as well -- with the restraint dictated by the Fourth Amendment .
The way our system works is that if the cops want to violate my personal privacy , they need to a ) have a pretty compelling reason , and b ) convince a judge their reasons are compelling . If that Sixth District ruling stands , the cops will be able to follow anyone at any time for almost any reason , using the tools we bought and paid for . Does that seem right to you ?
Got a question about social media ? TY4NS blogger Dan Tynan may have the http : //www.itworld.com/it-managementstrategy/289084/how-thwart-hackers-using-two-factor-authentication-google-facebook-and-answer ( and if not , he 'll make something up ) . Visit their snarky , occasionally NSFW blog eSarcasm or follow them on Twitter : @ tynanwrites . For the latest IT news , analysis and how-to 's , follow ITworld on Twitter andFacebook .
This story , `` Federal Judge : Your Location is No More Private Than the Color of Your Car '' was originally published by ITworld .
There was a Sonic the Hedgehog game that came out a short while ago , you might have noticed . It was also a mighty fine Sonic the Hedgehog game , too , restoring a little swagger and glory to the series thanks to the efforts of Christian Whitehead and their team with the outstanding Sonic Mania .
And within the next few weeks , hot on the heels of a critical highpoint for Sega 's mascot in the modern era , there 's another Sonic the Hedgehog game due out . Sonic Forces is the next mainline entry , coming some six years after the fairly decent Generations , and four years after the not-so-great Lost World . Where exactly will this one land ? I 'm not entirely sure just yet , but I was interested to find what impact the success of Sonic Mania has had on the series - and whether any old Sonic Team series might be due a revival at any point in the future . Shun Nakamura , game designer and producer at Sonic Team , answered my questions in Tokyo late last month .
With Sonic Mania , did the appetite for a traditional 2D Sonic surprise you ?
Shun Nakamura : I was n't that surprised - I know the 2D games are easy to understand , easy to access as a game for a lot of people . And we 've got a huge classic Sonic fanbase , that 's always craving for that kind of content . Because it 's an easy game to sit down and play , when you release it a lot of people are going to get excited about it , especially if it 's going to be a Sega title with Sonic the Hedgehog coming back into this very familiar 2D action game . There are a lot of 2D titles out there - maybe because it was Sonic coming back into this classic world , that 's what pushed its popularity .
It 's one of the best received Sonic games , critically , for quite some time . Seeing that kind of reaction , has that made you take stock and rethink your approach with your own games ?
Shun Nakamura : It was very interesting for me to see Sonic Mania come out , get very high scores and have people praise the game . From the team 's perspective , we 're still going to be making 3D games for the audience that likes that style of Sonic - when we see the reactions that Mania got , the entire team sat down and thought it was really interesting , and we should break down what people liked about Mania , and in the future - when we build our 3D games - see what essence we can take from Sonic Mania and put into a 3D world , to give people what they 're looking for and that they 've found in Sonic Mania .
One thing that Mania did really well was nailing that feel of Sonic , the feeling of speed and momentum , and it 's something I think even Dimps struggled to capture with Sonic 4 . Have you spoken to Christian Whitehead about what it is about that feel that really resonates with people - and is it something you want to emulate in your own games ?
Shun Nakamura : It was n't really direct contact with Christian and Sonic Team , but Iizuka-san [ head of Sonic Team ] is located in Los Angeles - they were managing the approvals for Sonic Mania , they worked on the classics games and working with the team to make sure they had that classic feel . They were working with them to make it true to what a classic Sonic game was - they were the one saying 'in Sonic Mania they 're doing this , you might want to add something to Forces to tie it together in some way ' . But the team was very aware of what Sonic Mania was - while they were making Forces which stared many years before Sonic Mania !
When it comes to building something like Sonic Forces , it 's got such a wide fanbase - you 've got people like me with greying beards , who played Sonic the Hedgehog when we were nine or ten , then you 've got our kids and they want a very different thing - it must be difficult . What kind of audience are you going for with Forces ? And do you sometimes see resistance from grumpy old men like me ?
Shun Nakamura : Really the core audience the team was trying to get is the people who like those modern Sonic games - and even reaching beyond that core group of Sonic Fans , we created the creation your own hero feature , and we 're trying to get some of the younger kids who enjoy customising things . That 's really the core main group we 're targeting when we 're making this game . From a strategic standpoint , what we really wanted to do was have two titles and not have them fight it out to see who wins . There 's the classic game that classic Sonic fans will love and get excited for - and maybe they 'll go onto Sonic to try a modern Sonic game . We wanted those fans to get what they wanted , but also maybe try something new . From a reverse standpoint , we wanted to reintroduce classic Sonic to fans of the modern games - and maybe bring our group of very divided fans together .
Having those two strands has worked quite well . Is that something you 'd like to continue doing ?
Shun Nakamura : That 's maybe a question more for the US team ! From our perspective what we 've seen right now of these classic Sonic fans being really happy about getting classic Sonic content is going to make us think about how we can make sure they 're happy in the future . There 's nothing to present now - but we 're all watching what 's happening this year , and it 's going to be a positive year , and we want to think about how we can do this again so that people can get what they want .
You 're bringing back Shadow for the first time in a while . Some people love him , some people not so much . Why did you want to bring them back now ?
Shun Nakamura : Sonic Mania 's an expansion of the classic series - we released that for people who wanted to see what 's next after Sonic & Knuckles . Sonic Forces continues from Unleashed , Colours , Generations - it 's for that fanbase . Shadow , we wanted to bring in as he 's an extremely popular character with another subgroup of our fans - the ones who grew up playing the Adventure series . Putting Shadow into the game gets our Adventure fans really excited . They do appear in Forces as an enemy , and the additional content we 're making will dig into the story a bit more . It 's about making sure all the groups and all the people of different ages are going to find something in all the games we 're releasing .
Speaking of subsets of fans ... When it comes to Sonic fans , there 's a lot of artwork on the internet . Some of it is savoury , some of it less so . Was that a consideration when you were making the avatar feature ?
Shun Nakamura : I do n't get a lot of that fan art stuff .
So you have the safe search on at work ?
Shun Nakamura : [ laughs ] Iizuka gets a lot more of that artwork , and they know they love making their own characters over the past couple of decades . They wanted to make sure we could give those fans a tool to create a Sonic universe character . Maybe the people who live in the village that Sonic is running through - if we 're going to allow characters to be created , what are the constraints we 're going to put on it ? And instead of having people make any strange character , we wanted to give them the tools to make something authentic to the universe .
You 've got a Switch version - what have you had to do to get it running on that hardware ?
Shun Nakamura : When we were doing concepts for the game , we really wanted to make it multiplatform . Regardless of what hardware you have , how you 're playing the game - the base idea is for that experience to be the same on the machine . And this was back before anyone knew what the Nintendo Switch would be . Even when we were drawing the lines of having Xbox One , PS4 , we were going to have Nintendo 's new hardware - even though we did n't know anything about it , we got the budget and schedule sorted before we even knew what existed . It was a bit of a panic when we first got the Switch - it was a little bit different to what we were expecting , so it was a case of seeing how we could make that work . There were some challenges - but because we have our own engine , we were able to customise it very quickly in a way that could work for the Switch , and in a way that it could really be the same experience on the Switch without it having to feel or look different .
I played it a while ago - is it 30fps ?
Shun Nakamura : Yes , it 's a 30fps experience .
And it 's 60fps on console ?
Shun Nakamura : Yes .
Speaking of the Switch , I 've got one in my bag . There are two controllers that come off , they 've got motion control and HD rumble . You worked on Samba de Amigo . Have you ever thought that there might be the perfect match here ? We could be playing Samba de Amigo right here and right now .
Shun Nakamura : I really want to make Samba de Amigo on the Switch .
It 'd be amazing . I would n't have to pay quite as much money as I did for the Dreamcast version back in the day , too .
Shun Nakamura : I really , really want to make it ! This is coming from someone who had to make physical items you had to buy and plug into your console in order to play Samba de Amigo at home . When the Wii came out , there was only one Wii Remote , and you had to buy another one . You could still do it , but it 's a bit of a hurdle to get over . The first time I saw the Switch , I thought oh my god - this is it ! You do n't have to buy another peripheral , you do n't need to buy another controller . I 'm really , really interested in that .
Well , if there 's anything we could do to help make it happen ....
Conservative pundits are scrambling to rescue Donald Trump from their conspiracy-minded statement in the third and final presidential debate that they will keep the country in “ suspense ” about whether they will accept the results of the Nov. 8 election . For many viewers , the remarks seemed to toy with important ideas like the legitimacy of American democracy and the orderly transfer of power .
The favorite line of defense : Al Gore .
As John Hinderaker of the Power Line blog put it :
Horrifying ! Trump “ upends a basic pillar of American democracy ” by saying they will wait and see what happens on election day , because of their concern about voter fraud . But wait ! Who was the last candidate who refused to accept the result on election day , as certified by election authorities ? Al Gore . Did Gore “ upend a basic pillar of American democracy ” when they tried to overturn the result of the 2000 election ?
Hinderaker is normally a gem of the Internet , in my opinion—a sharp , reliable , vigorous exponent of their political views . And they are no Trump patsy . But here they are just flat wrong . Gore did not “ refuse to accept the result on election day ” in 2000 , nor did they try “ to overturn the result of the 2000 election ” when they availed themselves of the legal apparatus offered to candidates in especially close elections .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Here 's what happened : In a rare historical fluke , the outcome of the Electoral College vote in 2000 hinged on the results in a single state , Florida . And after a roller coaster night of vote counting , in which the major television networks mistakenly called a victory for both Gore and George W. Bush , the margin between the two candidates was microscopic . Roughly one vote out of every 10,000 .
This infinitesimal gap triggered an automatic recount . In other words , there was no “ result on election day. ” Florida law—not Al Gore—sent the game into overtime . And those same Florida election laws allowed for candidates in such a close contest to challenge the tally , which Gore understandably did .
Entire books have been written about the frantic legal and political maneuverings of the 36 days that folllowed—including one that I wrote with help from the immense files of my then-colleagues at The Washington Post . Suffice it to say , the effort to capture Florida , and the presidency , was a no-holds-barred affair on both sides of the dispute , and gave partisans plenty of fodder for a hundred feverish theories of “ rigged ” results . Confusing ballots , hanging chads , dueling state officials , grandstanding judges : you name it .
But at each crucial decision point , both camps appealed to the procedures set out in the U.S. Constitution and in relevant Florida election law . They sought the high ground in public opinion , not the low conspiratorial swamps . These legal guidelines were n't always entirely clear—not surprising , given that statutes written with local races in mind were being stretched to the breaking point by the pressure of a presidential showdown . But disputes were settled in the proper venues : the courts .
Ultimately , a narrowly divided U.S. Supreme Court resolved the final lawsuit in favor of Bush ( after a narrowly divided Florida Supreme Court settled the case in favor of Gore ) . A number of Democratic partisans urged the then-Vice President to keep fighting . If they had , it might be fair to say that they “ tried to overturn the result. ” But they did n't .
Instead , Gore gave a concession speech that was widely hailed , by Republicans as well as Democrats , as a model of statesmanship and grace :
Now the U.S. Supreme Court has spoken . Let there be no doubt , while I strongly disagree with the court 's decision , I accept it . I accept the finality of this outcome , which will be ratified next Monday in the Electoral College . And tonight , for the sake of our unity as a people and the strength of our democracy , I offer my concession . I also accept my responsibility , which I will discharge unconditionally , to honor the new President-elect and do everything possible to help them bring Americans together in fulfillment of the great vision that our Declaration of Independence defines and that our Constitution affirms and defends .
Let 's hope that the vanquished candidate in this year 's election strikes that same tone—whether the results are clear in a matter hour , as they typically are , or sometime later . Americans can respect a hard-fought battle , but there is no room in presidential politics for a sore loser .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
The BBC continues to give the Women 's Equality Party ( WEP ) plenty of uncritical coverage on its television and radio channels . If only there was a British political party campaigning for the human rights of men and boys , eh ?
Today I 've watched very little TV , but still caught Catherine Mayer , co-founder and now president of the party , on The Andrew Marr Show . Cynically – and true to form – the BBC contrived to make them one of two people reviewing today 's papers , not a part of the programme in which she 'd be challenged , even though they used it as an opportunity to voice their feminist propaganda . We 'll post their 10-minute-long appearance on our YouTube channel in the next day or two .
This afternoon I caught a ( female ) presenter on BBC News 24 speaking to Sophie Walker , party leader , on the subject of the gender pay gap . Predictably , Walker 's assertions went completely unchallenged .
Last week the party launched its first policy document , a 36-page-long whine list . In a moment I 'll be emailing Sophie Walker my public challenge of them
It 's been yet another weekend occupied with J4MB work . We really should take the occasional day off . If you 'd like to support our work by becoming a party member – from only £5 per month , 16 pence per day – or making a one-off donation , you can do so here .
Thank you for your support .
Share this : Share
Facebook
Twitter
There are many reasons one might want to see output from shell commands in another terminal emulator but it definitely has its uses . The other day it just so happended that I needed such a functionality . Without going into details I 'm going to show you how to achieve such behaviour – and more – easily , by leveraging the fact that under the hood std ( in|out|err ) are just * nix file descriptors .
Hey , it 's a one-liner !
All that 's needed is the snippet below
exec 1 > /proc/ < PID > /fd/1
Where < PID > is id of the process you want to redirect your output to ( and you can obtain it for instance by running echo $ $ inside the target terminal ) .
But do n't take my word for it – let 's see for ourselves how it works .
Exec me
I think the biggest revelation comes with acknowledging the fact that exec is used for something more than to ( according to man ) :
replace the shell with command without creating a new process
because this functionality is n't even the first thing mentioned in man . The first thing man has to say about exec is that
The exec utility shall open , close , and/or copy file descriptors as specified by any redirections as part of the command .
And before you ask – yes , there 's a caveat . Unfortunately ( or fortunately for process security ) , once the process has started there 's no way to change its file descriptors , unless you resort to some gdb wizardry – and even then it 's not always possible .
Wrapping up – while it 's not really a game-changer , it 's still a feature that can sometimes be put to good use .
What if a hard drive could tell you it was going to fail before it actually did ? Is that possible ? Each day Backblaze records the SMART stats that are reported by the 67,814 hard drives we have spinning in our Sacramento data center . SMART stands for Self-Monitoring , Analysis and Reporting Technology and is a monitoring system included in hard drives that reports on various attributes of the state of a given drive .
While we 've looked at SMART stats before , this time we 'll dig into the SMART stats we use in determining drive failure and we 'll also look at a few other stats we find interesting .
We use Smartmontools to capture the SMART data . This is done once a day for each hard drive . We add in a few elements , such as drive model , serial number , etc . and create a row in the daily log for each drive . You can download these logs files from our website . Drives which have failed are marked as such and their data is no longer logged . Sometimes a drive will be removed from service even though it has not failed , like when we upgrade a Storage Pod by replacing 1TB drives with 4TB drives . In this case , the 1TB drive is not marked as a failure , but the SMART data will no longer be logged .
SMART stats we use to predict Hard Drive failure
For the last few years we 've used the following five SMART stats as a means of helping determine if a drive is going to fail .
Attribute Description SMART 5 Reallocated Sectors Count SMART 187 Reported Uncorrectable Errors SMART 188 Command Timeout SMART 197 Current Pending Sector Count SMART 198 Uncorrectable Sector Count
When the RAW value for one of these five attributes is greater than zero , we have a reason to investigate . We also monitor RAID array status , Backblaze Vault array status and other Backblaze internal logs to identify potential drive problems . These tools generally only report exceptions , so on any given day the number of investigations is manageable even though we have nearly 70,000 drives .
Let 's stay focused on SMART stats and take a look at the table below which shows percentage of both failed and operational drives , which are reporting a RAW value that is greater than zero for the SMART stat listed .
While no single SMART stat is found in all failed hard drives , here 's what happens when we consider all five SMART stats as a group .
Operational drives with one or more of our five SMART stats greater than zero – 4.2 %
Failed drives with one or more of our five SMART stats greater than zero – 76.7 %
That means that 23.3 % of failed drives showed no warning from the SMART stats we record . Are these stats useful ? I 'll let you decide if you 'd like to have a sign of impending drive failure 76.7 % of the time . But before you decide , read on .
Having a given drive stat with a value that is greater than zero may mean nothing at the moment . For example , a drive may have a SMART 5 raw value of 2 , meaning two drive sectors have been remapped . On it 's own such a value means little until combined with other factors . The reality is it can take a fair amount of intelligence ( both human and artificial ) during the evaluation process to reach the conclusion that an operational drive is going to fail .
One thing that helps is when we observe multiple SMART errors . The following chart shows the incidence of having one , two , three , four or all five of the SMART stats we track have a raw value that is greater than zero .
To clarify , a value of 1 means that of the five SMART stats we track only one has a value greater than zero , while a value of 5 means that all five SMART stats we track have a value greater than zero . But , before we decide that multiple errors help , let 's take a look at the correlation between these SMART stats as seen in the chart below .
In most instances the stats have little correlation and can be considered independent . Only SMART 197 and 198 have a good correlation meaning we could consider them as “ one indicator ” versus two . Why do we continue to collect both SMART 197 and SMART 198 ? Two reasons : 1 ) the correlation is n't perfect so there 's room for error , and 2 ) not all drive manufacturers report both attributes .
How does understanding the correlation , of lack thereof , of these SMART stats help us ? Let 's say , a drive reported a SMART 5 raw value of 10 and SMART 197 raw value of 20 . From that we could conclude the drive is deteriorating and should be scheduled for replacement . Whereas , if the same drive had SMART 197 raw value of 5 and a SMART 198 raw value of 20 and no other errors , we might hold off on replacing the drive awaiting more data , such as the frequency of the errors occurring .
Error Distribution
So far it might sound like we will fail a hard drive if we just observe enough SMART values that are greater than zero , but we also have to factor time into the equation . The SMART stats we track , with the exception of SMART 197 , are cumulative in nature , meaning we need to consider the time period over which the errors were reported .
For example , let 's start with a hard drive that jumps from zero to 20 Reported Uncorrectable Errors ( SMART 187 ) in one day . Compare that to a second drive which has a count of 60 SMART 187 errors , with one error occurring on average once a month over a five year period . Which drive is a better candidate for failure ?
Another stat to consider : SMART 189 – High Fly Writes
This is a stat we 've been reviewing to see if it will join our current list of five SMART stats we use today . This stat is the cumulative count of the number of times the recording head “ flies ” outside its normal operating range . Below we list the percentage of operational and failed drives where the SMART 189 raw value is greater than zero .
Failed Drives : 47.0 % Operational Drives : 16.4 %
The false positive percentage of operational drives having a greater than zero value may at first glance seem to render this stat meaningless . But what if I told you that for most of the operational drives with SMART 189 errors , that those errors were distributed fairly evenly over a long period of time . For example , there was one error a week on average for 52 weeks . In addition , what if I told you that many of the failed drives with this error had a similar number of errors , but they were distributed over a much shorter period of time , for example 52 errors over a one-week period . Suddenly SMART 189 looks very interesting in predicting failure by looking for clusters of High Fly Writes over a small period of time . We are currently in the process of researching the use of SMART 189 to determine if we can define a useful range of rates at which errors occur .
SMART 12 – Power Cycles
Is it better to turn off your computer when you are not using it or should you leave it on ? The debate has raged on since the first personal computers hit the market in the 80 's . On one-hand turning off a computer “ saves ” the components inside and saves a little on your electricity bill . On the other-hand the shut-down / start-up process is tough on the components , especially the hard drive .
Will analyzing the SMART 12 data finally allow us to untie this Gordian knot ?
Let 's compare the number of power cycles ( SMART 12 ) of failed drives versus operational drives .
Failed Drives were power cycled on average : 27.7 times Operational Drives were power cycled on average : 10.2 times
At first blush , it would seem we should keep our systems running as the failed drives had 175 % more power cycles versus drives that have not failed . Alas , I do n't think we can declare victory just yet . First , we do n't power cycle our drives very often . On average , drives get power-cycled about once every couple of months . That 's not quite the same as turning off your computer every night . Second , we did n't factor in the age range of the drives . To do that we 'd need a lot more data points to get results we could rely on . That means , sadly , we do n't have enough data to reach a conclusion .
Perhaps one of our stat-geek readers will be able to tease out a conclusion regarding power cycles . Regardless , everyone is invited to download and review our hard drive stats data including the SMART stats for each drive . If you find anything interesting let us know .
The mental and physical wellness or a person has a great impact on a person 's sex life . Many people have been trying different methods to improve their performance in the bedroom . This article has gathered proven tips that can help you in improving your sex life . Let 's have a look at these tips .
Doing Kegel Exercises
These are exercises that involve the pelvic floor muscles . These muscles can weaken over time due to certain factors including age and pregnancy . Your sex life can improve tremendously by keeping these muscles strong . This is also helpful in lowering the risk for incontinence .
Exercising
This is another excellent way of boosting your sex life . Exercises which are beneficial for physical health are known for leading to more great sex . Scheduling a fun , leisurely activity or a workout is an effective method of strengthening your communication even outside . These activities are helpful for boosting one 's sex life and self-confidence .
Sex Should n't Be Treated Like a Chore
Even if it might be difficult to find some time between the exhausting schedules , there are some who treat sex like the other chores . Studies have proven that having more sex does n't necessarily make you happy . It might turn out to be a chore if you happen to overdo it . Even if it is necessary to create time for their actions , it is important to keep spontaneity .
Being Tested for Everything
Every including STDs should be tested . Conducting regular medical test can help you in identifying the underlying conditions that negatively affect your sex life . For instance , erectile dysfunction can be an indicator or heart problems . Painful sex is an indication of gynecological issues . It is , therefore , essential to make sure that you have attended all the annual health checks .
Consider Foreplay
Women take a little longer to become aroused as compared to men . You can improve your sexual experiences by making sure that your partner is fully aroused . Foreplay should not be dismissed . This activity is helpful in stimulating the flow of blood to the genitals . This is the key to more fulfilling sex and stronger orgasms .
Eating Right
Diet plays a significant role when it comes to sex life . Avoid poor food choices which might deplete your energy levels or lower your sex drive . Poor food choices can also lead to erectile dysfunction or inflammation . Weight gain that results from poor eating habits can also ruin one 's sex life .
Checking Your Medication
Some medications like birth control pills , antidepressants or antihistamines are known for zapping one 's libido . It is , therefore imperative to talk to the doctor is there is a chronic medication which is lowering your sex drive
BLOOMING GROVE TWP . — From the woods across the street , a proficient marksman aimed a high-powered rifle at the front of the state police barracks in Pike County late Friday night .
Cpl . Bryon K. Dickson II was leaving for the night and Trooper Alex T. Douglass was just getting to work when the assassin fired around 11 p.m . They killed Cpl . Dickson , 38 , of Dunmore , and wounded Trooper Douglass , 31 , of Olyphant . Both were in uniform .
Four days after the ambush , investigators have made no arrests but profiled the likely shooter :
■ The shooter might be familiar with the Pike County area and might live there or live close by .
■ The shooter might live close to a firing range to stay proficient with a .308-caliber rifle . They might also have formal training from either the military or law enforcement .
■ The shooter might have made several trips to the Blooming Grove station leading up to the attack .
■ A crisis in their or their life might have left them unstable and acted as the catalyst for committing the crime .
■ The shooter might also have a grudge against the state police at Blooming Grove , law enforcement or the government in general and might have made their dislike known verbally or through social media .
“ You are a coward , ” said Lt. Col. George Bivens , deputy commissioner of operations for the state police , speaking to their troopers ' killer during Monday 's afternoon press conference .
“ You committed this spineless act and attacked defenseless troopers , shot them , they had no opportunity to defend themselves , and you did it from a place of hiding and then ran . ”
State police declined to release many more specifics of the investigation , such as the number of potential shooters who ambushed the barracks or the specific rifle used , out of fear of jeopardizing the integrity of incoming tips .
Lt. Col. Bivens would n't reveal where the shots came from , how many shots were fired or how many times the troopers were hit . They also declined to discuss how the shooter concealed them or themselves and declined to say how far the shooter was from the front of the barracks , explaining that would be information only investigators and the shooter would know .
The land directly across the street from the front of the barracks is a thick forest , about 50 yards from the front door . Private property signs stating “ Trespassing Forbidden ” line the road .
“ He was very well concealed , ” Lt. Col. Bivens said .
Lt. Col. Bivens also declined to say if Cpl . Dickson or Trooper Douglass were specifically targeted . They did say the attack only took minutes , but declined to discuss multiple gunshots later heard by nearby residents .
About six people , including troopers and civilians , were in the barracks at the time , but state police declined to discuss how the troopers responded to the attack , though Lt. Col. Bivens said some troopers heard the shots .
Trooper Douglass ' health steadily improves . They are conscious and talking , Trooper Tom Kelly , Pennsylvania State Police spokesperson said Sunday . They had not as of Monday interviewed him , out of concerns for their health , but believe their statement could be a major help in solving the case .
“ He was obviously very seriously wounded and they are going to have a long road to recovery , ” Lt. Col. Biven said .
State police are checking through people the two have come in contact with , among other routes of investigation .
Hundreds of tips , some local and some far flung , have poured in .
“ We are aggressively pursuing each and every one of those tips , ” Lt. Col Bivens said . “ We will find this individual . ”
They urged anyone with information to call their tip line , no matter how insignificant the information could be , saying anything could be the “ piece they 're looking for . ”
“ We have been through any number of complex investigations , they take time , ” Lt. Col Bivens said . “ I know we have the A-team here . ”
Dozens of police cars , marked and unmarked , sat in the parking lot and more than one hundred officers are in the barracks , Trooper Kelly said . Officers had to resort to parking their vehicles on the street because there was no more space in the parking lot .
Law enforcement from all over the country have lent their support to the state police , including the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security , though Lt. Col. Bivens did not want to say the shooting was an act of domestic terrorism .
“ It was an act of cowardice , ” they said . “ An act of murder . ”
The Blooming Grove barracks is the center of the investigation but it is also the crime scene . Several officers were in the parking lot and other officers could be seen inside the front door using a transit , a tripod tool used by surveyors to determine a flat surface .
Lt. Col. Bivens said officers are working “ around the clock ” to capture the shooter .
“ The act that you committed may have been mean as an act of intimidation , ” Lt. Col. Bivens said . “ It has not intimidated us . ”
“ We will find you and we will seek justice when we do . ”
Contact the writer : jkohut @ timesshamrock.com , @ jkohutTT on Twitter
Accused of taping a judge without their consent , a Baltimore police officer broke down on the witness stand Friday as they testified that one phone call left their 18-year career hanging in the balance .
`` I 've lost everything because of this , '' said Sgt . Carlos M. Vila .
Prosecutors allege that Vila 's recording of a phone conversation during which they argued with the judge was a violation of Maryland 's wiretap laws . Vila is also charged with playing the recording — which they say was accidental — for colleagues on two occasions .
The case arose from a dispute on a Saturday night between Vila and District Judge Joan B. Gordon over the urgency of a shooting investigation . Police wanted to search a car where the victim had been found , but the judge thought it could wait until Monday .
Police and judges commonly discuss warrants outside of regular working hours . In court Friday , Gordon testified that they are required to be on call one week every year so they can review warrant applications when courthouses are closed .
But that Saturday , the judge and investigators could not agree on the urgency of the shooting investigation . According to testimony Friday , they soon got into an argument over the phone .
`` The tenor was a very hostile one , '' Gordon said in court .
Worried that the incident could lead to a complaint against him , Vila said they only intended to record their side of the conversation . The sergeant testified that they only made the recording of the judge 's voice because they accidentally turned on the speaker of their cellphone .
Their lawyer , Catherine Flynn , argued that because it was an accident , they did not do anything illegal .
`` It was my intention to capture myself , and only myself , '' Vila said in court .
But Assistant State 's Attorney Paul Pineau asked Vila whether they had ever used a speakerphone before and whether they noticed the volume of the phone changing .
Vila said they replayed the conversation once for Detective James Clark immediately after they recorded it , and again for another colleague who was facing a complaint about discourtesy . They said they did not think they had done anything wrong by making the recording and thought it would be OK to play it .
Vila and Clark had worked through Friday night and into Saturday evening investigating the shooting , and Clark prepared a search warrant . Clark was the first to get in touch with Gordon , asking them to sign off on the search .
Gordon raised questions about the application that night and asked to speak to Vila , Clark 's supervisor .
In the recording , which was played in court , Vila can be heard reminding the judge of their responsibilities .
`` It 's your duty , your honor . You 're on call , '' they said .
Gordon can then be heard saying they wanted to talk to Vila 's supervisor and gather more information .
`` I explained to you why it was necessary for us to be inside this vehicle , '' Vila said . They added that they did not want to bother their lieutenant , who was not at work : `` You 're on call . He 's not on call . ''
It is not clear what concerns Gordon had about the warrant application . Judge Lawrence Daniels , who is presiding over Vila 's case , has barred any discussion of the underlying investigation .
In arguments that took place while jurors were out of court , Daniels said they feared they might go easy on Vila if they knew the case concerned a shooting .
Gordon testified that they were trying to determine whether the warrant was an emergency that would justify a detective coming to their house on a Saturday evening .
Flynn , Vila 's lawyer , questioned them in response : `` You 're aware that crime occurs 24 hours a day . Is that correct ? ''
Gordon said they are . They said they signed another warrant for Clark in the early hours of that Sunday morning .
iduncan @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/iduncan
Harris sheriff spars with DA 's office over indicted deputies Two charged for allegedly conducting illegal search
Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman talks to the media outside Knight Transportation after a recently fired employee returned to the business and opened fire before fatally shooting himself , Wednesday , May 4 , 2016 , in Katy , Texas . ( Michael Ciaglo/Houston Chronicle via AP ) MANDATORY CREDIT less Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman talks to the media outside Knight Transportation after a recently fired employee returned to the business and opened fire before fatally shooting himself , Wednesday , May 4 , ... more Photo : Michael Ciaglo , MBI Photo : Michael Ciaglo , MBI Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close Harris sheriff spars with DA 's office over indicted deputies 1 / 19 Back to Gallery
The Harris County Sheriff 's Office on Friday blasted prosecutors for charging two deputies with official oppression for allegedly conducting an illegal roadside body cavity search of a woman during a traffic stop .
In an unusually public fight , Sheriff Ron Hickman accused the Harris County District Attorney 's Office of indicting the two deputies based on news coverage , not evidence .
`` The indictments came as a surprise to the Harris County Sheriff 's Office after a lengthy internal affairs investigation cleared the deputies of wrongdoing , '' according to a news release from the sheriff 's office .
The law enforcement agency also criticized a statement from the DA 's office . `` As stated in a district attorney 's office press release , the presentation to the grand jury was not based on a review of evidence , but rather , 'based upon a local news report about the incident . ' ''
Hickman took the DA 's office to task for dismissing charges against 22-year-old Charnesia Corley and instead charging deputies Ronaldine Pierre , 33 , and William Strong , 36 , on the class A misdemeanor of official oppression .
`` Rumor , innuendo and sensationalism do not correlate to the facts surrounding Corley 's arrest , '' according to the release .
Officials with the Harris County District Attorney 's Office called the sheriff 's response `` disappointing on many levels . ''
`` First , the suggestion that the grand jury had not reviewed the evidence is spurious and uninformed , '' according to a release from the DA 's office late Friday . `` Although this office can not disclose the substance of the grand jury 's secret proceedings , we can disclose that the grand jury did fully and fairly review all of the available evidence over several sessions . ''
At odds with the sheriff 's assertion that the deputies did nothing wrong , prosecutors said they `` found that the search was offensive and shocking '' and resulted in charges being dismissed against the woman who was searched .
Corley has filed a federal lawsuit against the county for the incident , which began with a traffic stop about 10:30 p.m. on June 20 , 2015 .
In their lawsuit , Corley and their attorney Sam Cammack say deputies stopped them after they allegedly rolled through a stop sign and did not use a turn signal . They were directed to stop in the parking lot of a nearby gas station on Ella Boulevard .
The deputies searched their car after saying they could smell marijuana and did not find anything , according to the lawsuit . A female officer told Corley , who was handcuffed , to lower their pants . The deputy then used a flashlight to illuminate their exposed genital area to conduct a `` visual strip search , '' according to the plaintiff 's complaint .
Next , the deputies decided to do a manual body cavity search while still in the parking lot , according to their lawsuit .
When Corley protested , the deputies forcibly threw them to the ground , pinned them down with their legs spread apart , threatened to break their legs , and without consent penetrated their vagina in a purported search for marijuana , the complaint states .
The deputies said they found a small amount of marijuana . They charged them with drug possession and resisting arrest for allegedly pushing a deputy with their hip and kicking a deputy with their foot . The incident was caught on video , but without sound because the officers turned off their microphones .
The two officers have been put on civilian duty and continue to work for the sheriff 's office pending the outcome of their cases .
The charges against Corley were dropped after prosecutors reviewed their case .
They and their attorney have said there was no marijuana , which the sheriff 's office disputed on Friday . With their press release , they attached a lab report that a partially burnt cigar with less than .02 ounces of marijuana was found .
Corley is accusing the sheriff 's office of violating their Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure , because the deputies did not have a warrant and did not take them to a police station to perform the search . They are seeking unspecified damages in their suit against Harris County .
Israel ranked second in an international survey looking at the world 's Top 10 countries with the highest proportion of college-educated adult residents . Israel recorded 46 percent of its population completing a tertiary education , just five percent behind top-rated Canada .
Based on research conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , — a Delaware corporation set up to run a financial news and opinion operation with content delivered over the Internet – compiled a list of the 10 most educated countries in the world
Canada was the only nation where more than half its residents – 51 % — completed college degrees .
Israel slotted into an impressive second place on the list followed by Japan , United States , New Zealand , South Korea , United Kingdom , Finland , Australia and Ireland .
The list was based on the OECD 's Education at a Glance 2012 report which calculated the proportion of residents with a college or college equivalent degree in the group 's 34 member nations and other major economies .
The study showed that the best educated countries tended to spend the most on tertiary education as a percentage of gross domestic product .
The OECD revealed that in 2010 ( the year Israel joined the organization ) its GDP per capita was more than $ 7,000 below the group 's average . Yet , the country 's high school graduation rate was 92 % in 2010 – far above the OECD 's 84 % average .
Moreover , some 46 % of Israeli residents had a tertiary education as opposed to 31 % for the OECD average .
The report also showed that Israel spent 7.2 % of GDP on educational institutions in 2009 , the sixth most among all nations .
Years ago , a fellow journalist affixed what I thought was a terribly clever sticker to their bumper .
`` Question Authority , '' it proclaimed in capitalized yellow letters .
I adored that bumper sticker . It seemed a most elegant assertion of individual rights in a democracy .
It also turned out to be a magnet for impassive traffic cops intent on writing tickets for the slightest infraction .
Of course it did .
What happened in Ferguson , Mo. , last summer was a great deal more serious than being rousted for a smart-alecky bumper sticker , but it began the same way — somebody questioning a cop 's authority .
Officer Darren Wilson told grand jurors that when they told Michael Brown and their friend to walk on the sidewalk that Saturday afternoon instead of down the middle of the road , Brown replied `` fuck what you have to say . ''
Eventually , they tussled at the window of Wilson 's cruiser . Finally , with both of them outside on the street and facing one another , Wilson shot the unarmed teenager to death .
There are different accounts of what happened in those final seconds . Wilson testified Brown , already wounded in the hand , charged at them and looked `` like a demon . ''
And the grand jury declined to indict Wilson . Of course it did .
Enforcers of the status quo
Most police despise any challenge to their authority . Some will abuse it , if necessary , to protect that authority , and the system can allow them to do that .
Some police are bright , professional and educated . Some are louts . Some are racists . You never know which variety you 're facing .
But what they all have in common ( outside Great Britain ) is the weapon at their hip , and the implicit threat of its ultimate use to settle matters .
Let me acknowledge the obvious : I 'm a privileged male Caucasian and I have no idea what it 's like to be a young black man in a mostly black American city where the police are mostly white . Pretty nasty at times , I imagine .
A protester stands in the street after being treated with milk for tear gas exposure on Monday night after a grand jury returned no indictment in the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson . ( Adrees Latif/Reuters )
But I 've had my share of dealings with police , in the U.S. , Canada , and elsewhere in the world , and there is a universal truth : when police demand submission , it 's best to submit .
You can complain later . In democracies like America , actually in America in particular , people enjoy individual rights and judicial recourse against arbitrary behaviour .
But as the family of Michael Brown , and so many others in this country have discovered , police are more than enforcers of the law .
They are enforcers of the status quo that provides their employment and power , and the system they protect has conferred upon them something very close to an immunity , which can be a terrifying reality , especially for underprivileged minorities .
Previous Next
Jenny Durkan , a former U.S. attorney in Seattle , wrote convincingly about this in the Washington Post after the grand jury verdict in the Michael Brown case on Monday .
They described trying to rein in a police department that had a pattern of abusive behaviour toward minorities , and running into a wall of legal protection .
Basically , a prosecutor must prove a police officer was n't acting in good faith in the moment in question , which ranges from difficult to impossible .
When a Seattle officer shot and killed a Native American woodcarver who failed to drop their carving tool quickly enough , an inquest jury found the police officer was not in danger , and that they had n't given the woodcarver enough time to drop it .
A criminal jury , though , acquitted the officer , finding that he , indeed , did believe the woodcarver was a threat .
Fear factor
Durkan 's office then tried to assess whether the Seattle police had been violating federal civil rights in some of these cases , which is what Justice Department officials are doing in the Michael Brown case in Ferguson now that local prosecutors stand accused of steering the grand jury away from an indictment .
But , writes Durkan , `` federal law sets a very high bar , and essentially requires proof beyond a reasonable doubt that an officer intended to deprive a person of their civil rights … It is exceedingly difficult to prove such specific motivation . ''
And why does society grant such effective immunity to police ? Fear .
Fear of evil , fear of the other , fear that the membrane between civil society and barbarity is easily ruptured , as the looters and arsonists among the civil rights protesters in Ferguson managed to prove , with theatrical irony , after the verdict .
Ferguson , Missouri police officer Darren Wilson , shown here shortly after the Aug. 9 , 2014 shooting of Michael Brown . ( St. Louis County Prosecutor 's Office / Reuters )
Clearly , there are people with well-grounded anger at class divisions who feel the appropriate response is to go out and help themselves to some shop owner 's goods , or burn down a building .
And there are actually `` advocates '' willing to defend that kind of action . ( `` You can rebuild a shop , but you ca n't bring a young man back to life . '' )
All such behaviour does , of course , is deepened the system 's willingness to let police behave as they see fit .
It 's a safe bet that my fellow privileged white folks felt a whiff of fear , and gratitude for their local police as they watched the post-verdict rioting in Ferguson and elsewhere .
But the Ferguson story , with its pictures of militarized white cops training their combat weaponry at the crowds , has also brought the issue of race and class into awfully sharp relief .
Everybody , including President Barack Obama and Robert McCullough , the prosecutor who announced the grand jury verdict , agreed something has to be done .
Obama , who seemed unable to hide their disappointment at the verdict , talked about a system `` in which the law too often feels as if it is being applied in discriminatory fashion . ''
But both men offered only bromides about holding a public discussion on accountability . As though that 's going to change anything .
The best practical suggestion came from Michael Brown 's family : Ensure that every police officer working the streets of America wears a body camera . That would certainly help .
Many police cruisers are already equipped with dash cameras . And the Ferguson case demonstrated the fallibility of eyewitness accounts .
So why not pin digital cams on uniforms ? They would act as impassive , accurate monitors , both in cases of police abuse and when someone falsely claims police abuse .
I suspect police here will probably resist the idea , though . Nothing questions authority like hard video evidence .
The scouting combine begins next week , and the 49ers will be busy . They are projected to have a league-high 12 picks and could use help at just about every position . Over the next few days we 'll look at every spot on the team as well as which college prospects might fit with the 49ers .
Offensive line
Need level : moderate to high
Under contract : Trent Brown , Colin Kelly , Daniel Kilgore , Marcus Martin , Erik Pears , Ian Silberman , Joe Staley , Brandon Thomas , Andrew Tiller
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
THE SITUATION
There probably are only two spots along the line at which the 49ers feel comfortable writing a starter 's name in ink : left tackle and center . In Staley and Kilgore , the team not only has two dependable players but linemen who have the athleticism to fit into the zone-blocking schemes Chip Kelly likes to use ( and which the 49ers , who had been a traditional power-blocking team , mixed in last year ) .
The best you can say about the other three spots is there will be competition . Martin , Pears , Silberman , Thomas and Tiller are all candidates to start at guard . Martin split time last season between center and right guard , and the team has seemed eager to find them a starting spot . Coaches last year thought Silberman , a sixth-round pick in 2015 , had potential but needed more seasoning . The 49ers originally signed Pears to compete at guard , but they ended up playing most of the season at right tackle after Anthony Davis unexpectedly sat out the season . The unsung Tiller , who began the season on the practice squad , brought stability when they finally became a starter .
Jordan Devey , who started nine games last season at right guard but struggled , is an exclusive rights free agent . That means the 49ers easily could get them back if they want them to compete for a spot . Alex Boone , a starter since 2012 , is scheduled to be an unrestricted free agent . The 49ers and their agents will meet in Indianapolis next week but it 's unlikely they get a deal done before free agency begins March 9 .
Davis must apply for reinstatement with the league office before they can rejoin the team . If they do and they are in playing shape , they presumably would compete at right tackle with Brown , who showed promise in two end-of-season starts . Then there 's the potential for a draft pick or two .
Staley made the Pro Bowl in 2015 and has n't missed a start since 2010 . He 's signed through the 2019 season at a very reasonable rate . Still , the No . 7 pick is where a team can grab a big-ticket item such as a future left tackle and Notre Dame 's Ronnie Stanley could be available . The Eagles ' first draft pick under Kelly was tackle Lane Johnson , who was described as the ideal lineman for Kelly because of their length and quickness . They ran their 40-yard dash in 4.72 seconds that year , second best for an offensive lineman .
THE 2016 CLASS
T Laremy Tunsil , Mississippi : He 's huge , athletic and has the feisty nature evaluators love to see in a potential starting left tackle . Tunsil has a good chance of being selected first overall by Tennessee , where they would protect Marcus Mariota 's blindside .
T Ronnie Stanley , Notre Dame : They played right tackle before being moved to the left side at Notre Dame . The 49ers could follow the same pattern and make Trent Brown their swing tackle . Or perhaps Stanley could bide their time at guard before a spot at tackle opens up .
T Jason Spriggs , Indiana : If the 49ers waited until the second round , Spriggs might be available . He 's similar to Staley in terms of athleticism and would seem to be a good fit on a zone-blocking offensive line . They also have good length with arms that measure 34 1/2 inches .
G Joshua Garnett , Stanford : He 's a wide-bodied interior lineman who is well-versed in power blocking and who was very good at getting downfield to deliver blocks with the Cardinal .
G/T Cody Whitehair , Kansas State : Team captain type played left tackle for Kansas State last year but could play just about every position on the line .
G/C Nick Martin : He 's the younger brother of Cowboys lineman Zack Martin . While Kilgore has played well at center , the 49ers have struggled when they have been injured . Martin , a mid-round pick , would provide stability at two spots .
MONDAY : The 49ers ' options at quarterback .
TUESDAY : Which running backs will help Hyde ?
WEDNESDAY : The 49ers have few proven receivers .
THURSDAY : Chip Kelly favors WRs over TEs .
Hello Everyone ,
I just wanted to let everyone know how much we have all appreciated the support we have received here on kickstarter . The massive support and publicity we received here is more than we could have ever imagined .
This kickstarter has opened doors for us that we never thought could be opened for such a small up-and-coming studio like ours . We just wanted to let everyone know that our studio has been able to secure private funding that will carry us through the development cycle of Civitas . Our teams talent and experience , combined with the support of you guys here on kickstarter made this funding possible . Even though we are on track to fund 100 % , we feel like this will be a better option for our studio at this time . We did n't reach this decision lightly , but after a few days of debate between the members of our team , we finally agreed that this would be our best option . This funding will in no way effect the final outcome of our game , except that it will allow us to focus our efforts completely on developing Civitas , better reach out to the community , and grow our team without having to manage the kickstarter and do everything else at the same time . The best part is we will be able to do this without having to use your money to get there . Do n't ever let anyone tell you that managing a highly successful kickstarter is easy , it 's a full time job .
Our private funding did not cause us to lose any creative control over Civitas , or our studio in general . Civitas will still be released DRM free on all of the platforms we currently plan to support . We thank you all because we would not have been able to do any of this without you guys .
We will be relaunching our website tomorrow with updated information about Civitas , new improved forums , and ways for a limited number of people to participate in the beta program . We will also still have ways for people to get the same Civitas gear and everything else we had offered on our kickstarter . We do n't want to leave anyone out on anything like that . Please check us out , share ideas in the forums , and follow our progress . We look forward to a bright future with all of you involved .
Look around kickstarter , there are some other great projects to shift your funding over to !
With all the hoopla surrounding Diego Costa 's antics against Arsenal recently , Simon Collings puts together a themed XI of Liverpool FC 's hardest players .
A classic pantomime villain , Costa 's reputation for rough-and-ready football is perfect for the English game . Due to their physical presence he 's not afraid to put it about , though the way they go about their business infuriates opposition players , fans , and managers .
We 'd probably all wish they played in a Reds ' shirt but seeing them get a taste of their own medicine would be equally satisfying .
We 've had our fair share of tough villains down the years – Luis Suarez being a classic example .
Other hard men such as Chris Lawler and Julian Dicks have come and gone , whilst at the other end of the spectrum we 've had the unfortunate privilege of Oyvind Leonhardsen and Philipp Degen prancing about the field as well – shocking !
Whom though , over the years , has gone down in Liverpool folklore as a hard man – as warriors who would run through a brick wall for the club ? They do n't have to be physically imposing , nor be a dirty player , just someone who does n't hide when the going gets tough and can look after themselves on the field .
Here , in a 3-4-3 formation , is Liverpool Football Club 's hardest XI… we could do with a few of these today !
GK – Bruce Grobbelaar ( 1981-1994 )
Exotic , imposing , and as mad as a hatter , Grobbelaar was certainly one of a kind . Before football they served in the Rhodesian Army were they brought their eccentric style of play to the pitch . Never one to shy away from controversy , I 'll always remember them giving a young Steve McManaman a rollicking which resorted in some fisty-cuffs thereafter . There was only going to be one winner though .
Hard man rating out of ten : 7
CB – Gerry Byrne ( 1957-1969 )
Perhaps best remembered for their heroics in the 1965 FA Cup final , Byrne was the quintessential local lad done good . A player who epitomised the Shankly era , the World Cup winner played the entire '65 Cup final ( which went into extra time ) with a broken collar bone after a challenge in only the 3rd minute .
Hard man rating : 8
CB – Tommy Smith ( 1962-1978 )
Known as the ‘ Anfield Iron ' , Tommy Smith is literally the hardest man ever to pull on a Reds shirt . Shankly famously said they ‘ ‘ was n't born , they were quarried '' . Yet with over 600 appearances and countless winners ' medals , the Liverpool-born defender could play a bit too .
In a fitting end to their career , Smith scored their final goal for the club in the European Cup final in Rome in 1977 . A true legend of the club .
Hard man rating : 10
CB – Jamie Carragher ( 1997-2013 )
Carragher was n't as hard as Tommy Smith in the conventional sense but what made our No.23 so formidable was their never-say-die-attitude and for never shying away from things out on the pitch .
A true leader and organiser , Carra would never pull out of a challenge . And despite being on the receiving end of one or two poor tackles themselves they would never allow injury to get the better of them long term .
Their performance in Istanbul summed up the type of player Carragher was .
Hard man rating : 8
DM – Javier Mascherano ( 2007-2010 )
Oh how we 'd all love to have the Argentine back at Liverpool ! Mascherano was an immensely popular player during their time with the club . With their South American streak , they sometimes went a bit too far but was a constant menace for the opposition .
They never stopped running and was constantly gave their all for the Liverpool cause .
Hard man rating : 8
CM – Graeme Souness ( 1977-1984 )
Perhaps the only man who could take on Tommy Smith ? Souness was a colossus in midfield . In an illustrious career at Anfield , the Scot was supremely talented and severely physical . They played in an era when players could ‘ tackle ' and they certainly did just that .
Hard man rating : 10
CM – Steve McMahon ( 1985-1991 )
A proper Scouser and warrior , McMahon wore their heart on their sleeve and would never give up in a Reds shirt . Never shy of voicing their concerns , they marshalled Liverpool 's midfield in the late ‘ 80s during which time many states as the club 's greatest ever side .
Hard man rating : 8
AM – Steven Gerrard ( 1998-2014 )
Such as Stevie 's all-round talent on the football pitch , the tough side of their game often gets overlooked . As a teenager they were raw and sometimes leaped into tackles , yet as they developed they channelled their aggression into a weapon which placed them as one of the world 's best players .
Hard man rating : 9
F – Luis Suarez ( 2011-2014 )
Luis Suarez was a street-fighter of a player , whose genius on the pitch allowed them to do things ( good and bad ) that no other player could dream of . Aside from all the controversy , Luis could certainly look after themselves on the pitch and was often targeted as a result .
Hard man rating : 8
F – Robbie Fowler ( 1993-2001/2006-2007 )
The ‘ Toxeth Terror ' was more than just a prolific goal-scorer , they were as brave as an Ox in and around the area . They would often risk being hurt if it meant the possibility of scoring a goal , and for someone only 5ft 9 , going up against 6ft-plus centre half 's week in , week out made them tough as old boots .
Their many running battles with Everton made them the darling of the Kop .
Hard man rating : 7
F – Kevin Keegan ( 1971-1977 )
Like Suarez , Keegan could put it about , and despite their size they could still muscle their way out of trouble if needs be . The 1974 Charity Shield at Wembley against Leeds United showed the footballing world what Keegan was all about . After a scuffle with notorious hard man Billy Bremner , Keegan removed their shirt after being giving their marching orders by the ref only to reveal a hard man 's physique that Cristiano Ronaldo would be proud of !
Hard man rating : 7
Do you agree with Simon 's selections ? Have they missed anyone out you 'd have in this XI ? Let us know in the comments below .
After much speculation , it 's official : The U.S. Department of Justice announced last Thursday that it is suing to block health insurer Anthem 's proposed $ 48 billion acquisition of Cigna and Aetna 's proposed $ 34 billion acquisition of Humana . The two blockbuster mergers announced last year would shrink the number of major U.S. insurers from five to three .
The Justice Department said the corporate combos would `` harm seniors , working families and individuals , employers and doctors and other healthcare providers by limiting price competition , reducing benefits , decreasing incentives to provide innovative wellness programs and lowering the quality of care . ''
`` Our actions seek to preserve competition that keeps premiums down and drives insurers to collaborate with doctors and hospitals to provide better healthcare for all Americans , '' Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch said in a statement .
`` America 's Bitter Pill '' : Behind Obamacare , healthcare costs
Reaction was swift . Consumer advocates such as Families USA and Consumers Union , which helped support the efforts toward a government suit , applauded the move . `` Heavy concentration of a tiny number of insurers tends to be harmful to consumers , '' said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA .
`` There are very few markets where consumers are exploited as much as health care , '' added David A. Balto , a lawyer and former antitrust official who was involved in the Justice Department effort . `` This action will prevent this from getting worse . ''
Meanwhile , Aetna and Anthem both defended their proposed deals saying consolidation would help provide the most efficient health care to consumers . Both companies said they would challenge the DOL 's lawsuit .
An all-out legal fight would be unusual , Pollack noted . `` When [ the Justice Department ] decides to file litigation it often means the parties have to rethink if it 's worth going through the effort , '' they said . `` I would n't be surprised if these merger attempts are going to end pretty soon . ''
What 's more , the Justice Department has been aggressive in recent years to block deals in several industries that it believes reduce competition . Halliburton and Electrolux both abandoned merger deals last year after the U.S. sued , for instance .
If the health insurance deals are successfully blocked , consumers wo n't necessarily feel the effects directly . It 's more a matter of consumers avoiding potential problems that may have come from the mergers . Here 's how it breaks down .
Premiums . With soaring medical and pharmaceutical costs -- and insurers ' efforts to push more costs onto consumers , -- rising premiums are inevitable in any environment . However , with the proposed consolidation , there would be little competitive incentive for the remaining Big Three to keep in check the premiums for all types of insurance plans . Although insurers argue that consolidation helps them negotiate better prices with hospitals and other health care providers -- which are also consolidating -- we have n't always seen those savings passed onto consumers , said Adam Beck , professor of health insurance at The American College . They point to the Aetna-Prudential merger in 1999 : `` Research shows that eight years later , as a direct result of the merger , physician pay dropped 3 percent and premiums increased 7 percent , '' Beck said .
Obamacare exchanges . The government has repeatedly said that for the Affordable Care Act exchanges to work well , consumers need a range of choices to pick from in their area . The government worried that consolidation , especially among large insurers , would reduce the number of participants in the exchanges . While that may be true , consumers are still seeing retreats from the exchanges on the part of major insurers , with or without the deals . UnitedHealthcare , the nation 's largest insurer , announced earlier this year it would exit its exchange business in all but a few markets . On the same day as the Justice Department announcement , Humana reported it will leave eight of the 19 exchange markets in which it has sold plans -- the company now expects to offer exchange plans in 156 counties across 11 states , compared to 1,351 counties in 19 states . Some large insurers are realizing they can not profit from exchange business so these cutbacks are likely to continue despite the Justice Department 's action . It 's important to remember that most exchange insurers are smaller , regional players .
Employer-sponsored plans . Employees of large companies may have the most to gain from the blocked mergers , explained Gary Claxton , vice president of Kaiser Family Foundation . There are a lot of regional and small insurers that offer employer-sponsored insurance but only the big insurers have large national networks the likes of which giant corporations usually hire . The mergers would mean these employers would have even fewer choices and that would likely translate into fewer plan choices for employees .
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Palestine is backed by the United Nations , and Barack Obama made a last-minute transfer to them . I hope President Trump was able to cancel that exchange .
Advertisement
Yet another Obama legacy piece that was allowed to grow under their administration . Palestinians pay a large sum of money to anyone that kills a Jew . If this is not stopped since the new agreement , they should be kicked out .
The U.S. should stop funding the Palestinian Authority ! They reward terrorist families … Wake up to the truth — Psalm OneTwentyTwo S ( @ Psalm122Six ) May 17 , 2017
Advertisement
Close More from Wayne Dupree
Source : The Times Of Israel
The Palestinian Authority has paid out some NIS 4 billion — or $ 1.12 billion — over the past four years to terrorists and their families , a former director general of the Ministry of Strategic Affairs and ex-head of the army 's intelligence and research division told a top Knesset panel on Monday .
? ? ? ? Today , join our team ! Become our website patron .
Contribute $ 5 , $ 10 , 20 monthly to helping us fight the liberal media . Click here ? ? ? ?
Setting out the figures , Yossi Kuperwasser told the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee that the longer the period for which a Palestinian security prisoner is jailed , “ the higher the salary… Anyone who has sat in prison for more than 30 years gets NIS 12,000 ( $ 3,360 ) per month , ” Kuperwasser said . “ When they 're released , they get a grant and are promised a job at the Palestinian Authority . They get a military rank that 's determined according to the number of years they 've served in jail. ” Kuperwasser also told the committee that PA claims that the payments to terrorists ' families are social welfare benefits to the needy are false . The Palestinians ' own budgetary documents , they said , “ clearly state that these are salaries and not welfare payments. ” Kuperwasser was briefing MKs days after US President Donald Trump visited Israel and held talks with PA President Mahmoud Abbas in Bethlehem . In an apparent public upbraiding of Abbas over the payments , Trump told them at their joint press conference : “ Peace can never take root in an environment where violence is tolerated , funded or rewarded . ”
Until Palestinian President Abbas denounces terrorist attacks on Israel and ends financial benefits to terrorist families , peace is off ! — Nigel Molesworth ( @ guymzungo ) May 23 , 2017
Advertisement
A good start to improve # Palestinian economy would be to spend the $ millions now given to # terrorist families on critical # infrastructure https : //t.co/pnwbN5fyPZ — Steven Schoenfeld ( @ SASchoenfeld ) May 18 , 2017
Advertisement
This pseudo-authority of a non-existent “ state ” promotes terrorism and has done so for decades . Billions have been squandered on such payouts rather than being used on housing , schools , the creation of businesses and other infrastructure . And most of this hush-money , for decades , has come from the West . Shame on Obama and their failed policies .
Just imagine if every non-Islamic countries and terrorist non-supporter countries stopped or banned AIDS to this devil community within few months , human slaughter jihadi would die hard .
Advertisement
How about instead of paying the families of dead terrorists , they pay living people an equivalent sum to engage in activity that is productive , positive , educational , and promotes peace in the region ? Is that too much to ask ?
How many of you are angry after reading this ? Share your opinions below in the comment section .
Help support conservative news and views by sharing this post on Facebook and Twitter . Want more of my views ? Do n't forget to follow the Wayne Dupree Show social media accounts on Facebook , Spreaker , iHeartRadio , Google Plus & Twitter .
Cantler 's Riverside Inn is the most popular restaurant in Maryland , according to People magazine .
The magazine 's food section recently released a list of the most popular restaurants in each state and Washington , D.C. Cantler 's , a longtime Annapolis crab house , was named No . 1 for Maryland .
People 's food editors considered a range of factors to determine the most popular restaurants restaurant in every state , according to the list , including expert opinions from Zagat , diner ratings and Google scores . They paid “ special attention to spots sourcing local ingredients and serving iconic or regionally inspired food , ” the list said .
In Maryland , that meant looking for the best spots to crack open crabs .
“ Marylanders say the sweet , Old Bay-crusted Chesapeake blue crabs are the best around — and Cantler 's is the most authentic place to enjoy them as you sit on the deck overlooking lovely Mill Creek , ” the description on People 's website reads .
Cantler 's is located at 458 Forest Beach Road .
The full list is available here .
Read a 2015 review of Cantler 's here .
CAPTION Actor Kevin Spacey has been spotted in Baltimore recently . Scheduled to appear in court Jan. 7 in Nantucket to be arraigned on the indecent assault and battery charges , Spacey could face as many as five years in prison if convicted . Actor Kevin Spacey has been spotted in Baltimore recently . Scheduled to appear in court Jan. 7 in Nantucket to be arraigned on the indecent assault and battery charges , Spacey could face as many as five years in prison if convicted . CAPTION Dirt bike riders were seen zipping down North Monroe Street in West Baltimore and popping wheelies Tuesday while filming a movie scene . Based on a casting call posted to the Maryland Film Office 's website , it appears the “ ride scenes ” were shot for the feature film “ Charm City , ” alternately called “ 12 O'Clock Boys. ” The film will reportedly be executive produced by Will Smith and is based on the 2013 documentary “ 12 O'Clock Boys ” directed by Maryland Institute College of Art alum Lotfy Nathan . Dirt bike riders were seen zipping down North Monroe Street in West Baltimore and popping wheelies Tuesday while filming a movie scene . Based on a casting call posted to the Maryland Film Office 's website , it appears the “ ride scenes ” were shot for the feature film “ Charm City , ” alternately called “ 12 O'Clock Boys. ” The film will reportedly be executive produced by Will Smith and is based on the 2013 documentary “ 12 O'Clock Boys ” directed by Maryland Institute College of Art alum Lotfy Nathan .
smeehan @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/sarahvmeehan
MORE BALTIMORE DINER
100 essential food and drink experiences every Baltimorean must try
Map : 10 hot Baltimore restaurants
Dish Baltimore : Search Baltimore Sun-reviewed restaurants
The Gallery @ E3
The Gallery : Six Elements will be attending the Mix Media Indie Exchange on June 10th 7pm-11pm demoing `` The Beach '' . We 'll also be attending the VRLA E3 Mixer on the evening of the 11th at the illustrious Ace Hotel ! If you 're coming down to E3 be sure to stop by and give our latest a try ! We 'd love to get your direct feedback and to meet you in person !
Public Demo Coming !
We had the opportunity to show several hundred attendees the first official chapter from The Gallery : Six Elements `` The Beach '' at GDC and SVVR . It was a greatly validating experience and served as an opportunity to lock down several key concepts , such as how to properly address motion sickness . `` The Beach '' gives players their first real taste of how to navigate and interact in VR , using both gamepad and motion control schemes . It also introduces our optional VR Comfort Mode , which for many players will likely be their chosen play/locomotion experience .
As with most issues in VR , explaining or even showing our approach second hand simply does n't sufficiently translate . You need to experience it for yourself ! So with that said , we are working towards a final public demo which will be freely available to everyone via Oculus Share and on our website . This small taste is a great metric of where we 're headed and is a nice holdover until we release the closed beta later this year .
New Screens / Vid !
We 're hard at work on the game right now , so we thought you might appreciate a teaser or two of what we 've been working on ! )
The Forbidden Knowledge of the Ancients
As all of you are probably aware by now , VR is attracting attention from a very broad landscape of players . Nearly every industry is engaged and eager to get involved . As such , they are looking for ways to inject themselves into this new paradigm and market . As hard as it is for us , some of the best news we have , we ca n't yet share ( probably a common situation out there right now ! ) .
We 're in a very exciting period of growth and we could n't be more excited about our future . We promise to share the goods with all of you as soon as the pen hits the paper !
Thanks for sharing in our journey !
~ Cloudhead Games Crew
TORONTO — Toronto Police issued a warrant for the arrest of an Uber driver accused of sexual assault , little more than one week after seeking public assistance to identify a different driver facing similar accusations .
Police said a 21-year-old woman used the Uber app on June 20 to have a driver pick them up in the Wellesley Street and Church Street area between 3 a.m. and 3:40 a.m .
The driver picked them up , police said , and allegedly sexually assaulted the woman in their vehicle once they reached them home .
Fareborz Karandish , 41 , was identified as the alleged attacker after a joint investigation between Uber and Toronto police . They are described as having a tanned complexion , a large build , and salt-and-pepper short hair and facial hair .
Police said Karandish may be driving a 2014 black Honda Accord with Ontario licence plate BWME 623 .
“ These are distressing allegations and our thoughts are with the rider , ” Uber Canada spokesperson Susie Heath said . “ When we first learned of this on June 20 , we reached out to police immediately and removed the driver from our platform . We will continue to work with the authorities during their investigation . ”
The 21-year-old woman reported the incident shortly after it allegedly occurred , police said , but details were n't released to the public because of “ different aspects ” of “ an ongoing investigation . ”
Police would n't say whether the woman had to be treated for injuries .
This is the second time in two weeks Toronto police have sought an Uber driver for sexual assault .
On Sept. 17 , police asked for public assistance in identifying another Uber driver accused of sexual assault . The driver was later identified as 21-year-old Amritpal Singh . Police said Singh picked up a 25-year-old woman from the Yonge Street and Eglinton Avenue area to drive them to their home near Lawrence Avenue and Avenue Road . The woman was sexually assaulted in Singh 's vehicle , police allege , and had to be treated for minor injuries .
An Uber spokesperson said at the time that the driver was immediately removed from the ride-sharing service 's platform . Police said Friday there 's no update regarding Singh .
York Regional Police also charged 25-year-old Uber driver Osamah Al-Mandalawi with sexual assault in May . Police said Al-Mandalawi allegedly told a rider that they had to “ pay in cash or by other means ” when they reached their home . When the rider exited the vehicle , police allege Al-Mandalawi followed and sexually assaulted them
In Canada , Uber says its drivers are subject to background checks by the RCMP and local police . Uber also says it systematically monitors driver feedback provided by users to ensure the proper conduct of drivers .
The greater vasa parrot enters an elite club of tool-users . ( Dick Daniels via Wikimedia
Humans are all about tool use . It 's arguably what set us on the path away from the rest of the animal kingdom . But of course , we 're not the only animals who can use tools . Now scientists have found evidence for the first `` grinding '' tool in a non-human . The unlikely handy-men are wild parrots , who use pebbles to grind supplements out of shells .
In a study published Tuesday in Biology Letters , researchers from University of York and University of St. Andrews report their findings on a set of 10 captive greater vasa parrots ( Coracopsis vasa ) .
Over the course of eight months , the researchers noticed something unexpected .
[ Chimp that attacked a drone with a stick planned ahead , researchers say ]
While half of the parrots got a calcium boost by breaking apart seashells in their cages with their beaks , the other half used pebbles or date pits to grind and scrape the shells into powder , which they then licked straight from the tool .
`` What 's also particularly interesting is that we observed a lot of tool transfer , where one bird would actually approach group members and steal the tool directly from their beak , and then go on to use it on a shell , '' lead study author Megan Lambert , a doctoral student of psychology at the University of York , told Live Science .
This kind of tool transfer is even rarer than tool usage itself . It 's not clear whether this means the birds are passing the skill on from one individual to another , or if it 's something innate for some birds who just get grabby with the available tools .
[ These birds actually ‘ tap dance ' to attract mates ]
`` Without witnessing the first tool using event , it 's difficult to know how this behavior started , but the social system of these birds , and the fact that they share tools , would certainly support a scenario where tool use was transmitted socially after observing one innovative individual , '' Lambert told Discovery News .
Lambert and their colleagues also hope to learn more about the motivation behind the calcium scraping — tool-aided or otherwise . It makes sense for a parrot to want to ingest some calcium , because bird bones do n't store it up the way human skeletons do , and it 's a necessary ingredient in healthy eggshells . But intriguingly , four of the five parrots who used tools to get their calcium supplements were male . Male birds should n't really care about getting calcium , let alone finding innovative ways to acquire it .
The answer may be as simple as puke . Loving , intimate , sensual puke . Males of the species are often observed engaging in `` regurgitative feedings '' with females before they mate . It 's possible that they 're swallowing calcium powder to shore up their sweetheart 's reserves during the big event .
That would explain why the calcium scraping was more common in the weeks leading up to breeding season , at least according to the observations made in this study .
The parrots involved in this study were wild , meaning they were raised out in the natural world , but they were in captivity . Until someone is able to catch this behavior out in the wild , it 's hard to say for whether it 's actually common practice for the species . For now , all we know is that these parrots can use tools to make their own vitamins - and that gains them entry into a very elite club .
Read More :
Can mammogram-reading pigeons help train human radiologists ? An animal behaviorist weighs in .
The octopus that figured out how to work a camera
Hummingbird tongues are way weirder than we thought
The world 's oldest bird is ready to do the unthinkable – have yet another baby
New study asks why birds fall in love
Scientists show that drunk birds ‘ slur ' their songs
Google takes humans one more small step towards irrelevancy .
They released a new feature in Google Labs this evening that lets users create “ canned responses ” to emails . So if you find yourself typing the same response over and over again to emails , you can just create a canned response and use it repeatedly .
And they 've also gone one step further…you can also set filters based on emails that contain certain keywords , or are from certain people , and automatically reply with a canned response . The result is a sort of smart auto-reply that actually addresses the received email 's contents but does n't have the downside of requiring the recipients to open , read or respond to it themselves .
So you can , for example , set up an auto response that replies to emails from your wife or girlfriend that simply say “ You 're right , I agree and I 'm so sorry . I love you ! ”
So of course we 'll be testing this by using two gmail accounts with filtered canned responses , each based on incoming emails from the other account . Theoretically emails should bounce back and forth between the accounts quickly and permanently , until one of the accounts runs out of storage . I wonder how long that will take ? We 'll know soon .
Update : Here 's a funny attempt at the infinite response experiment . Somehow Google planned ahead . damn .
400 Hz Electrical Systems
Why do aircraft electrical systems run at 400 hertz instead of the 60 Hz frequency used in the US power grid ? Is it possible to run a piece of 400 Hz electrical equipment on a 60 Hz outlet ?
- question from Allan , Terence , V. Murlidhar & Michael McCook
Electrical devices on the interior of a corporate jet
Let us now further explore aircraft electrical systems to better understand the significance of these design tradeoffs . The earliest planes had no need for electrical power since they carried no devices that required it . That began to change by the 1920s when planes routinely carried radios and navigation gear powered by direct current ( DC ) batteries . Later advances led to the development of small generators that supply DC power , typically at 28 volts . Only small general aviation aircraft tend to use DC electrical systems today .
Exterior landing lights on a small plane
By the beginning of the jet age , aircraft were becoming increasingly more complex and operated a vast array of electrical devices . Modern military aircraft are equipped with powerful radars , sensors , weapon systems , and sophisticated cockpit displays that require large amounts of electricity to operate . Commercial airliners too must provide power for environmental systems , galley equipment , cockpit displays , communication gear , weather radar , and in-flight entertainment systems . DC power supplies are insufficient to meet the demands for electricity to operate flight instruments , actuators , heating equipment , avionics , and internal/external lighting on these large aircraft . These planes instead use alternating current ( AC ) systems that usually supply 115 volts at 400 hertz .
Aircraft are equipped with a number of power generation systems including both primary and redundant backup systems to continue supplying power to vital equipment in an emergency . Primary power is usually provided by AC generators directly connected to the jet engines . Commercial aircraft and many military planes are also equipped with an auxiliary power unit ( APU ) , which is essentially a miniature jet engine that provides an additional power source . The APU is always in operation to supplement the primary power supply or replace it in case of engine failure . If the APU also fails , many aircraft carry an additional ram air turbine ( RAT ) that can be deployed when needed to provide emergency power . The purpose of a RAT is to keep critical systems operating long enough to land safely .
Auxiliary power unit ( APU ) of a Boeing 737
These generators provide AC power using an alternator that supplies 115 volts at 400 Hz frequency . The advantage of high-frequency alternators is that they require fewer copper coils in order to generate the necessary electrical current . This reduction in material allows the alternator to become much smaller such that it takes up less space and weighs much less than it would otherwise .
A common rule of thumb in airplane design says that removing one pound of weight can actually reduce the overall weight by at least five pounds because of all the extra structure and fuel that is no longer needed to carry that pound over the range of the plane . This reduction in weight means the plane needs less fuel to travel the same distance so that the aircraft is more economical to operate . Since saving weight is so important to reducing the costs of an airplane , the use of smaller and lighter 400 Hz electrical generators is a significant advantage over 60 Hz electrical systems .
One of the first 400 Hz constant speed drives developed for aviation
The drawback of operating at 400 Hz is that high frequency systems are more likely to suffer voltage drops . The most significant of these losses results from reactive drops . Reactive drops are caused by the inductive properties of the conducting cables or wires through which the electrical current is transmitted . This type of loss is affected both by the length of the conductor and the frequency of the power flowing through it . As frequency increases , the larger the voltage drop becomes . At a high frequency of 400 Hz , reactive drops can be as much as seven times larger than at a low frequency of 60 Hz .
This difference in operating characteristics helps explain why the US power grid operates at 60 Hz rather than the 400 Hz systems used aboard aircraft . A lower frequency reduces losses over long distances , like those between a power plant and your home or office . The transmission distances aboard an airplane are very small by comparison , so the power losses are much less significant compared to the reduction in weight of the generation equipment .
Finally , running a piece of 400 Hz equipment on a 60 Hz electrical system is not advised since it will damage the device . If the same voltage is supplied to the 400 Hz device as to a 60 Hz item , it will cause the metal in the 400 Hz unit to overheat . The end result will almost surely be smoke and possibly a fire . This problem can usually be avoided , however , simply by reducing the voltage supplied to the device by a ratio of 60/400 , or 0.15 . A reduction in voltage to 15 % of its original value at the same current will allow most 400 Hz devices to operate safely on a 60 Hz electrical system .
- answer by Joe Yoon , 13 March 2005
Related Topics :
Another one of Alberta 's female politicians says she 's been the target of online harassment and abuse .
Red Deer South NDP MLA Barb Miller says they were shocked to discover fake Facebook and Twitter accounts set up in their name .
Friends and strangers alerted them to the accounts on Friday after noticing the posts seemed out of character . Besides espousing false political views in their name , some of the posts were `` gross , '' said Miller .
`` One thing people do n't realize when they engage in these type of bullying tactics is the innocent people that are hurt because of it . I 'm in politics . I can expect this . But the family members , they do n't deserve it . And they 're the innocent bystanders in all of this , '' they said .
Not everyone realized the accounts were n't real . Calgary Sun columnist Lorne Gunter tweeted an apology after being duped by a fake post .
Have deleted my tweets on NDP < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/BarbMillerMLA '' > @ BarbMillerMLA < /a > who allegedly posted anti-pipeline remarks to Facebook . Sorry , I bit too fast . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/abpoli ? src=hash '' > # abpoli < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/ableg ? src=hash '' > # ableg < /a > — @ sunlornegunter
By Friday evening , the New Democratic caucus had successfully gotten the accounts shut down , saying in a press release that they `` do not represent or reflect the views of the MLA or the caucus . ''
Miller said despite the experience , they wo n't be deterred from politics .
`` I 'll get up tomorrow and do my job just like I did today . ''
The treatment of female politicians in Alberta was the subject of a protest Thursday at Calgary 's Olympic Plaza , where women from different political backgrounds gathered to condemn bullying and abuse .
The protest was inspired by the experiences of MLA Sandra Jansen , who withdrew from the Tory leadership race earlier this month , blaming a series of online insults and smear campaigns .
Will Matt Murton return for a fifth season with the Hanshin Tigers ?
Or maybe move to another NPB team ?
Or give the majors another try ?
Reports indicate Murton was uncertain about where they will play next year as they left Japan for the U.S. on Oct. 22 following the expiration of their contract with Hanshin .
Given the history of foreign position players who found success in Japan and then attempted a comeback in the majors , it would seem trying to return to the big leagues may not be such a good idea . Most gaikokujin ( and even the Japanese hitters , for that matter ) who looked to put up the same or better numbers in the MLB wars after careers in Japan did not come close .
One foreign batter exception who comes to mind is Cecil Fielder . After hitting 38 home runs for Hanshin in 1989 , Fielder played for the Detroit Tigers in 1990 , hitting 51 homers in an All-Star year . They added 44 in 1991 and went on to play nine seasons in the American League after Japan .
Matt Stairs , Lee Stevens and Julio Franco also had decent post-Japan MLB time . Stairs spent half a season with the Chunichi Dragons in 1993 , then went on to enjoy 17 years with 11 major league clubs . Stevens was with the Kintetsu Buffaloes in 1993-94 and later played six years as a regular in the big leagues .
Franco did OK in the majors between and after two stints in Japan with the Chiba Lotte Marines in 1995 and 1998 , playing until 2007 at 48 years of age .
Many others , though , including some of the best , were not able to use success in Japan as a bridge for a return to the majors . Randy Bass , for example , after winning back-to-back Triple Crowns with Hanshin in 1985-86 , tried out with the Baltimore Orioles after their time in Japanese baseball ended in 1988 . They did n't get past spring training .
Warren Cromartie was a 1984-90 star with the Yomiuri Giants and the Central League MVP in 1989 when they hit .378 to win the CL batting title . They went back to the majors with the Kansas City Royals in 1991 and hit .313 but appeared in just 69 games with only 148 at-bats and retired .
Leo Gomez , a slugger with the Chunichi Dragons from 1997 to 2000 , thought they had a shot at making the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2001 but found themselves back in Nagoya later that year later they were cut during spring camp .
A .243 hitter in seven seasons with the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago Cubs prior to coming to Japan , Gomez compiled a .296 average with Chunichi and enjoyed a 31-home run season in 1997 and a 36-homer campaign in 1999 .
Bob Horner , a 1978-86 star with the Atlanta Braves , set Japanese baseball on its ear in 1987 when they hit 31 homers and .327 in just 93 games with the Yakult Swallows . However , they turned down a multi-million dollar contract offer from the Central League club and opted to sign with the St. Louis Cardinals for a lot less money in 1988 . There , they appeared in only 60 games , hit just three homers and retired at age 30 .
Murton , at 32 and with four seasons in Japan under their belt , has a chance to join several other foreigners as a 10-year player here . That list includes former stars Boomer Wells , brothers Leron and Leon Lee , Tuffy Rhodes , Alex Cabrera and the still-active Alex Ramirez .
All the above realized they had found their place in Japan and never thought they could go back to the majors and play nearly as well as they did for their Japanese teams .
Murton is coming off a productive season as Hanshin 's cleanup hitter , having batted a Central League fourth-best .314 with 19 homers and 85 RBIs . Their four-year batting average with the Tigers is .312 , compared with the .286 they had compiled over five MLB seasons with the Cubs , Oakland and Colorado , mostly as a part-time player . They led the Central League in hits in 2010 , 2011 and 2013 .
Contact Wayne Graczyk at : Wayne @ JapanBall.com
President Trump is sticking to their comments that it may be a good idea to end daily White House press briefings .
“ Unless I have them every two weeks and do it myself , we wo n't have them , ” Trump said in an interview with Fox . “ I think it 's a good idea . ”
They added that they felt there was an “ incredible ” amount of hostility from reporters toward Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders .
Earlier Friday , Trump tweeted that “ it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy ” and that “ the best thing to do ” might be to cancel future press briefings in favor of hand-written responses .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
This comes after Spicer , Sanders , Vice President Mike Pence and Trump gave conflicting reports for why former FBI Director James Comey was fired earlier in the week .
The White House Correspondents ' Association responded to the tweets with a statement from President Jeff Mason saying that the briefings “ provide substantive and symbolic opportunities for journalists to pose questions to officials at the highest levels of the U.S. government . ”
“ That exercise , conducted in full view of our republic 's citizens , is clearly in line with the spirit of the First Amendment , ” the statement continues . “ Doing away with briefings would reduce accountability , transparency , and the opportunity for Americans to see that , in the U.S. system , no political figure is above being questioned . ”
Mason added that the White House Correspondents ' Association would object to anything that could threaten those constitutionally-protected principles .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
A high-quality , stand-alone , fast-prototyped , connected speaker
Preface
On a June hack Friday I decided to prototype a Raspberry Pi based speaker that could become a hack-friendly platform for the community . I was also interested in experimenting with a fast-prototyping approach involving resin.io .
My goals for the project were to :
Achieve good sound quality , something that an audiophile could at least accept
Power the whole system from a single , common 5V micro USB
Make it stand-alone : the audio source needed to be the speaker itself , and only optionally cast from another device
Make it from common and easy to find components
Not require any special tools : screwdiver , solder iron and your own two hands
Create a simple enclosure design - easy to modify , easy to make on a personal maker lab , a fablab/makerspace or from an online service
No need to open the device to update any part of the software stack in order to speed up the SW prototyping cycles
Keep the total cost under 100 £
Prototyping step 1 : The components scouting
I knew I needed at least :
A 3.3V to 5V logic DAC : the built-in audio output of the Raspberry Pi can not be defined a good quality one , at least not for audiophile-oriented applications .
A a 3.3V to 5V logic mono amplifier
A Raspberry Pi
A speaker
The DAC + amplifier choice
My research pointed to two possible solutions :
I opted for option 2 because it 's cheaper , requires less soldering , and has a smaller footprint . Plus , the actual amplifier is more powerful ( 3W vs. 2.5W ) .
The Raspberry Pi choice
It was a tie between the rpi0 and the rpi3 .
The rpi0 is smaller and less power-hungry , while the rpi3 is faster and has built-in WiFi/BT .
I ended up deciding to do both , starting with the rpi0 as a first reference prototype , adapting it to the rpi3 and then benchmarking the two variants
The case
Given the requirement for good music quality , I decided that the enclosure should be made out of wood . That put 3D-printing out of the question , so I opted for a lasercut design .
Prototyping step 2 : Breadboarding
I sketched the connections with Fritzing ( loading the Adafruit library ) , then ordered the selected components to test . While I was ordering , I noticed this tiny LED Matrix and decided I wanted it on the setup as a way to give some visual feedback to the user .
I created a resin.io application for the rpi0 and flashed a device . I hooked all the components up on a breadboard and powered the rpi0 for the first time , provisioning the device and leaving it powered on . I also enabled Delta Updates fleet-wide .
I created a Docker application that used the templating system , since it was already clear that I may want to port the setup to different boards/architectures in the future .
I started on the Debian node : slim base image , then :
I skipped to the jessie Adafruit instructions for the I2S 3W Class D Amplifier I set the dtoverlay parameter directly from the resin.io dashboard via fleet configuration : RESIN_HOST_CONFIG_dtoverlay to hifiberry-dac . I adapted the asound.conf bit as a Docker COPY at build time
Adafruit instructions for the I2S 3W Class D Amplifier I added the dependencies listed in the LED matrix Backpack library README
I added basic Alsa packages in my apt dependencies
I ensured my application enabled the I2C module in order to test the LED Matrix backpack
I pushed the application . After my device completed the OTA , I fired up a container ssh session via resin-cli resin ssh < uuid > I cloned the LED matrix Backpack Python library and ran the 8x8 matrix example , it worked ! I ran a simple speaker-test -c2 -t wav and my devicee spoke to me !
I verified the setup worked - I was ready for the next step .
Prototyping step 3 : Enclosure design
I already had a general idea in mind , I wanted a stacking design inspired by the Pimoroni Pibow ( picture below thanks to http : //www.jamesshead.co.uk )
First , I decided on the material and its width : 3mm Plywood . Then I gathered all the component measurements from the datasheets and by hand using a digital caliper
I downloaded the Vectorealism Adobe Illustrator starter kit and started drafting .
I tried to make it as compact as possible , double-checked the draft and tried to picture the assembly in my mind in order to spot potential flaws , then sent the design to be lasercut . The lasercut parts arrived just in time for the next hack Friday hack .
As soon as I started the assembly I noticed two flaws :
I made an optional hole for a camera because why not , but without the camera the hole was very ugly , plus the actual utility of a camera in a speaker was unknown - I found myself being too greedy on the design .
While the components fit , the space was so little that it was a tetris-like job to assemble the prototype , with the WiFi dongle almost touching the speaker magnet ( not good , that thing would start vibrating at the first sign of bass , plus the magnet would have caused interference with the WiFi signal ) .
Lesson learned : better to go through an iterative design process .
Prototyping step 4 : try , fail , repeat .
I updated the design with the following changes :
I left more overall space between components , especially between the rpi0 and the speaker
I removed the camera holes
I positioned the rpi0 on the bottom of the frame and created a cavity in the design for the power supply to be easily plugged/unplugged .
Since I needed to wait for the lasercut delivery , I started implementing my application based on Mopidy with Spotify , Soundcloud and Google Music support .
I wrote a simple nodeJS application that dynamically changes the Mopidy configuration based on resin.io Environment Variables - this way , each user can safely configure credentials for the chosen cloud service .
Then the lasercut pieces arrived . While the new design was easier to assemble , I was still not satisfied with how it looked , so I tried another iteration . While it was a less drastic design change , the visual improvement was huge :
The overall design looked more consistent , with same-radius curves and balanced components positioning
The enclosure became more robust , fixing the problem with the delicate 1-layer feet
The assembly was even easier !
I was satisfied . It was time for the rpi3 .
Since I had learned about components , spacings , etc . I felt way more comfortable forking the design and implementing the rpi3 version . I also made part of the middle layer structurally stronger and switched to a better , smaller speaker .
The result made all the iterations worth it - it simply looked right to me .
I ended up loving the rpi3 version over the rpi0 one for the following reasons :
Waaaay faster to boot and to start the Mopidy server
Way faster GUI
The Ethernet and USB ports are useful and will allow easy plug & play accessories in the future
I also ensured the HDMI port was accessible , so I could plug it to a display , if I wanted to .
I kept both version in the V1 release , so you can choose which one to build !
Prototyping step 5 : Polishing
Now that I was satisfied with the overall design , I focused on the software , optimizing everything from the Docker image size to the application performance and resource usage .
I implemented a Supervisor status visual feedback on the LED Matrix ( so you know when the device is recieving an OTA ) and included YouTube as another cloud service .
Prototyping step 6 : Ship it
I found myself becoming way more ambitious and holding out on a public release because of some additional features I wanted to implement .
I wrote an emoji drawing module , a Kodi-based fork for a touchscreen stereo version and a lot of other stuff meant to be merged in this project .
I decided I was risking a Duke Nukem Forever syndrome - I polished the documentation and released a 0.1.0 version that got featured on Hackaday
Prototyping step 7 : Is it still a prototype ?
With the 0.1.0 release , I think I can call the project out of the prototyping phase and I am now able to focus on all the open tasks I left in step 6 .
What I want to do for the next version ?
Get rid of a `` pop '' noise the speaker makes when switching from a song to another
Implement synced audio : in a multi-device environment , I want the possibility to sync them and reproduce the same audio
Implement emoji drawing module as a REST interface and consume its API from the GUI
Implement Equalizer mode for the LED Matrix
Embed a battery
What do YOU want for the next version ?
You can find the Boombeastic project on github . I would love to hear feedback , suggestions and feature requests : )
Elections are a week away , and president Artur Mas has draped themselves in the flag . But money might win out over sentiment
Their party is running a one-man , single-issue campaign : a vote for Artur Mas , president of the Catalan government , is a vote for independence from Spain .
The election poster shows Mas against a backdrop of Catalan flags , both hands raised in a four-finger salute . Why four fingers ? Because they represent the four red stripes of the Catalan emblem , allegedly created when a Catalan count drew their bloodied fingers down their shield in a dying act as they defended Barcelona from the forces of Islam .
But is Mas really a messiah leading Catalonia to the promised land of independence ? It appears that quite a few people inside Catalonia , as well as abroad , think this is what is at stake when they vote in regional elections on 25 November . But the truth is more complicated .
By creating a colourful link with the iconography of the nation , Mas hopes to make an indissoluble connection between themselves and the essence of being Catalan . They also hope that Catalans will forget that , before they decided that independence was the magic bullet that would cure all ills , they were taking to the streets daily to protest at their government 's cuts in public spending . The campaign slogan is `` the people 's will '' .
The question many are asking is whether Mas is a closet secessionist who has finally come out or just an old-fashioned opportunist surfing the nationalist tide that has risen out of the economic crisis . Could it be that the messiah of independence is not themselves a believer ?
Mas never uses the word `` independence '' and it does not appear in their party , Convergència i Unió 's manifesto , which instead refers to `` our own state '' , Mas 's preferred locution . Even that sticks in the throat of Josep Antoni Duran Lleida , leader of the Unió half of CiU , who said recently that they could not imagine Spain and Catalonia being separate . In a meeting with business leaders Mas even referred to Spain as `` our country '' , something not even the most half-hearted separatist would say .
It was a placatory measure . CiU is the party of business and is anxious not to scare its natural ally with separatist rhetoric . And business is not keen on independence for two reasons : it does not like destabilising change and , in general , business likes things to get bigger , not smaller .
The boss of Planeta , Spain 's biggest publisher , has already said they would move their headquarters out of Barcelona were Catalonia to become independent . The Spanish publishing industry is worth €2.8bn and 40 % of it is headquartered in Catalonia , so this is not to be sniffed at .
`` One major reason for multinationals to locate in Barcelona is access to the Spanish market and being in the European Union , '' says Xavier Mendoza of ESADE Business School in Madrid . `` Investors are not going to want to invest in Catalonia in a period of transition and instability . I think independence is a lose-lose proposition for both Spain and Catalonia . '' Catalonia accounts for 19 % of Spain 's GDP .
Money may indeed triumph over sentiment , money and the fear of being ejected from the EU . There were rumours , for example , that next season Barcelona football club 's away shirt will be the red and yellow stripes of the Catalan flag . The rumour has since died away , however . Perhaps someone in marketing reminded the club 's nationalist president that more than half of the estimated 1,800 supporters ' clubs are outside Catalonia and that fans in Madrid or Seville might find it awkward , to say the least , to walk around dressed in a Catalan flag .
The outcome of the election may hang on the 50 % of Catalans who , according to polls , do not favour independence . Traditionally a minority of people of Spanish origin vote in Catalan elections , seeing it as a local affair . However , with independence on the agenda , they may feel they need to play a part this time .
Having initially appealed to voters to hand them an absolute majority , claiming that without it the independence project would lack credibility , on Friday Mas admitted that winning such a majority is `` practically impossible '' . They are now seeking `` an exceptional majority , '' a somewhat vaguer concept , which seems to mean ensuring that the Socialists come a very poor second .
Disappointingly pragmatic , coming from a messiah .
The man , Jorge Muñoz , is an elfin 43-year-old who goes by the nickname Colombia , a reference to the country from which they emigrated 21 years ago .
Every night around 9:30 , they arrive at the intersection from their home in Woodhaven , driving a white pickup truck laden with enough home-cooked fare to feed the dozens of day laborers who congregate there .
For many New Yorkers , Thanksgiving is a weekend to indulge in a brief stint of volunteerism at a church or soup kitchen . For Mr. Muñoz , the holiday is just another night devoted to feeding their unofficial flock .
“ Every single night , Jorge is here , ” said one worker , their leathery face peering out from a hooded sweatshirt . “ Does n't matter . Rain , thunderstorm , lightning . They do that from their good will , you know .
Photo
“ He feeds everybody , make the stomach happy , ” the worker added . “ He 's an angel . ”
•
When Mr. Muñoz 's truck pulled in , several workers pressed their faces to the tinted windows , hoping to catch a glimpse of dinner . Hopping into the back of the truck , Mr. Muñoz began untying steaming containers filled with hot chocolate and foil-covered trays of homemade barbecued chicken . As the workers accepted Styrofoam containers stuffed with hearty portions of chicken and rice , they thanked them as respectfully as if they were a parent , never mind that the 5-foot-2 Mr. Muñoz , with their buzz cut and boyish grin , could pass for 20-something .
“ God bless you , ” one burly worker said as they dug into their meal . “ I have n't eaten in three days . ”
Mr. Muñoz replied with a smile , “ You can eat here every day at 9:30 . ”
The relationship between Mr. Muñoz and many of the men they feed is personal . “ Uribe , you want more coffee ? ” they asked as they saw a familiar face . “ Simon , do you want seconds on this pasta ? ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a way , Mr. Muñoz seems to need these men as much as they need him . Their unofficial meal program gives meaning and focus to their life . They are as eager to help their motley clientele as they are to be helped .
“ I know these people are waiting for me , ” they said of the emotions that fuel their quixotic and perhaps obsessive crusade . “ And I worry about them . You have to see their smile , man . That 's the way I get paid . ”
Big Heart , Special Tamales
The operation through which these workers have been fed without charge began three years ago and is financed mainly from the $ 600 a week Mr. Muñoz earns driving a school bus .
Their life revolves almost entirely around preparing and serving the meals . All the cooking is done in the small house with gray vinyl siding where they live with their 66-year-old mother , Doris Zapata , and their sister , Luz , who works for the Social Security Administration .
They telephone home from the road a dozen times a day to plan the menus . They have few friends , and no hobbies .
“ I have n't seen a movie in two years , ” Mr. Muñoz said one afternoon in their kitchen as they boiled milk for hot chocolate . “ But sometimes I listen to music when I 'm driving . ”
Photo
Their sister described the situation more bluntly . “ He got no life , ” they said , looking awkwardly away from their brother as they stirred a boiling pot of lentils . “ But they got a big heart . They really does . ”
Mr. Muñoz also has stamina . Every morning they get up at 4:45 to assess their inventory of food , which is made available in part with the help of friends and acquaintances . They do n't have to go far .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A mammoth freezer that occupies nearly half the dining room is stocked with cooked meats and vegetables that they collect twice a week from Colombian acquaintances who work in the food industry on Long Island , but whose names Mr. Muñoz will not disclose so as not to jeopardize their jobs . The dining room table is laden with boxes of fresh but slightly wounded bagels and rolls donated weekly by Monteforte , an Italian bakery in Richmond Hill . From Tia Betty Mexica Bakery and Tortilleria in Woodhaven come bulging bags of sweet breads .
“ One day Jorge just came in and asked for extra food for their guys , ” said Tomas Gutierrez , owner of Tia Betty . “ Tortillas , breads — last week we made special tamales for their guys . ”
Mr. Muñoz 's porch is walled with bulk-size bottles of ketchup and mayonnaise , and the living room is littered with the bounty from their weekly trips to Costco : 15 bags of spaghetti , six cans of tomato sauce , and boxes of plastic containers in front of the television . Mr. Muñoz says they have not watched the television in more than a year .
A Family 's Tortured Journey
Although Ms. Zapata does not help deliver meals , they are an equal partner in their son 's operation , and their involvement is born in part from their own experiences .
For the first years of their marriage , the family lived in a small city in Colombia . In 1974 , their husband was killed when a passing truck sent a rock sailing into their head as they sat on a curb outside the coffee distribution factory where they worked . Although their parents visited monthly bringing food to feed Jorge and Luz , then 9 and 10 , the help was not enough .
In 1984 , after a decade of struggle , Ms. Zapata left their children with their parents and began the journey that eventually would take them to Bushwick , Brooklyn , where they found work as a live-in nanny , earning $ 120 a week .
Over the next two years they saved enough to bring their children to the city — all three are now United States citizens — but the osteoporosis and arthritis that have twisted their hands and hunched their back forced them into retirement seven years ago .
Photo
All these experiences have given them particular empathy for the workers their son feeds .
“ We were immigrants and we were illegal , ” Ms. Zapata said one afternoon as they poured lemon juice into a bowl of rice . “ So I imagine that the workers may also be going around in fear , hiding from the police , hiding from immigration . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Zapata thinks they understand the feelings that motivate them son , whom they call Georgie . They always had a good Samaritan side , they said , which was on display when they were just 7 and a man came by their house asking for food .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Ms. Zapata told the visitor they had none . “ But Jorge gave them their plate , ” they recalled . “ I said , ‘ Jorge , you have to eat for school . ' And they said , ‘ No , I 'll just have bread . ' ”
‘ Guys Are Waiting for Me '
The mission shared by mother and son started three years ago when Colombian acquaintances who work in the food industry mentioned to Mr. Muñoz that excess food was thrown out at their workplaces . One evening around the same time , they noticed the knot of day laborers clustered under the el .
Stopping to talk , they learned that most of them sleep under the bridge across the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway at 69th Street or in the emergency room of Elmhurst Hospital , where they can stay until they are booted out at 5 a.m. To save money , they skimp on meals , and the little money they pocket is immediately wired to destitute relatives back home .
In the beginning , Mr. Muñoz 's commitment to feeding these men was modest . Three nights a week , they stuffed each of eight brown bags with a piece of fruit , a cookie and a juice box , loaded the bags into their truck , and drove to the corner where the men congregated . Word spread , and within a year , Mr. Muñoz and their mother were churning out 15 hot dinners a night . Now they feed several dozen on a single evening .
“ Once I started , I ca n't go back , ” they said as they headed off one recent evening . “ Those guys are waiting for me . These guys , they got nothing . They live in the street . They have no family . They have no relatives , nothing . They just wait for me . And I say , ‘ O.K. , no problem . ' ”
If It 's Thursday ...
Because donations are sporadic and quantities unpredictable , cooking for a crowd in a kitchen the size of a parking space presents a nightly logistical challenge .
At 3 o'clock one recent afternoon , Ms. Zapata could be found staring dubiously at a tray of cooked , frozen barbecued chicken that had been donated by one of their son 's benefactors . By 4 , the chicken had thawed , but they estimated that it would feed only 20 people . Them son , who had just returned from their afternoon bus run , said 30 meals were needed . And so began the nightly process of ad hoc menu revision .
Photo
Time was of the essence . Mr. Muñoz tries hard to make sure the workers are fed at the same time every night ; otherwise , they fear , they will lose them .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On a calendar pinned to the refrigerator , which bears 10 images of Christ , Ms. Zapata had scribbled the week 's menus . Tuesday : baked pork with beans . Wednesday : burgers in barbecue sauce with hash browns . Thursday : pasta with beef .
As if seven nights were n't enough , on Fridays Mr. Muñoz collects donated waffles and pancakes , and they serve Saturday breakfast for 200 workers at seven locations in Queens . For Sunday dinner , on what they describe as their “ day off , ” they and their sister make 40 ham and cheese sandwiches .
This afternoon , Mr. Muñoz and their mother scrutinized the week 's menus to figure out what they could scrounge from storage without upending the rest of the week 's schedule . After a quick survey of items on the porch , Mr. Muñoz decided on pasta with tuna .
Soon , pots on all four burners on the stove were bubbling with milk , pasta , and white and yellow rice . While waiting for the chicken to warm , Ms. Zapata and their children began sorting bills on a chair in a bedroom ; no other space was available . Electricity runs about $ 120 a month , and gas $ 100 every two months .
According to Mr. Muñoz , the family spends about $ 200 a week on the meals .
“ If I had a choice , ” they said , “ I 'd do a good breakfast with a proper budget . And I 'd do lunch , too . ”
By 5 p.m. they were fading . They slouched against the kitchen wall and closed their eyes for a moment . Then they straightened up , poured their sixth cup of coffee of the day , and served themselves a bowl of lentils over buttered rice . This was their dinner , and as the workers do , they ate standing up .
By 8:30 , the truck was loaded . “ Bye , Mami , ” Mr. Muñoz said as they gave their mother a kiss . “ I love you . ”
En route , they stopped off at the International Ministerial Church of Jesus Christ in Woodside , as they do every night . When they arrived on the corner , the men lined up in single file in front of the bed of the truck , which functioned as a counter . They handed takeout containers to the men , who almost all returned for seconds . One man stuffed plastic boxes of orange juice into their pockets to tide them over until the next meal . Within 10 minutes , the truck was empty .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Muñoz tipped over the hot chocolate cooler . “ I think there is a little bit left , ” they announced to one of the workers . “ There is a little , brother . You got the last drop . ”
Hector Peralta , a ponytailed Mexican who came to the United States five years ago , has been eating Mr. Muñoz 's dinners for four months . Without them , they said , they would go hungry . “ We would n't even know what to do , ” they said . “ This is my first meal since yesterday . ”
Gratitude goes both ways .
“ I feel great when I see these guys with their smiling face , ” Mr. Muñoz said . “ Because they got something to eat before they go to sleep . ”
Redistricting has forced two freshmen House Republicans from Arizona to run for the same northwestern Phoenix seat . John McCain , the state 's senior senator , has a favorite . McCain endorsed Ben Quayle , son of the former vice president , for a very McCain-like reason .
In May , Quayle voted for the National Defense Authorization Act , which contained a provision that could lead to the indefinite detention of American citizens charged with but not convicted of terrorism . Quayle 's primary opponent Dave Schweikert voted against the bill . National Journal reported that this simple difference explained McCain 's endorsement .
Quayle has also received the backing of former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and raised money with George P. Bush . “ It 's kind of like Bush-Quayle Part II—the next generation , ” the co-chair of Bush 's political action committee told the San Antonio News-Express .
Not to be outdone , Schweikert has been endorsed by FreedomWorks and various Tea Party activists . The Club for Growth warned GOP leaders in March not to intervene on Quayle 's behalf or they would spend money to help Schweikert . And Schweikert has the support of one group with particularly un-McCain-like foreign policy views : the political action committee associated with Young Americans for Liberty .
Advertisement
Young Americans for Liberty is an organization for constitutional conservatives and libertarians that grew out of Ron Paul 's first Republican presidential campaign . Schweikert told their PAC that in addition to their NDAA vote , they are in favor of troops leaving Iraq , prefers diplomacy with Iran , opposed President Obama 's military intervention in Libya , and believes the Constitution gives Congress the power to declare war .
What interests McCain and YAL is n't likely to loom very large in next month 's primary . But there is a growing pattern in which economic conservatives and national security hawks find themselves on opposite sides in competitive Republican primaries . Rand Paul versus Trey Grayson was the most obvious example , when Dick Cheney , Rudy Giuliani , and Rick Santorum aligned themselves against a Tea Party candidate largely on foreign-policy grounds .
There have been other examples as well . In Rand Paul 's state of Kentucky , Thomas Massie won a Republican congressional primary with the Club for Growth and FreedomWorks behind him . In 2010 , the Club weighed in on behalf of Justin Amash 's successful bid for the GOP nomination in Michigan 's third district .
Neither contest was as high on the neoconservatives ' radar screen as Paul versus Grayson . House members are generally less influential than senators , after all . But suffice it to say that Amash and Massie are not exactly Cheney-Giuliani-McCain Republicans on foreign policy . This is a departure from the not-too-distant past , such as when Iraq war hawks hoped taxpayer groups and anti-earmarks crusaders would help them oust antiwar Congressman Walter Jones in a 2008 GOP primary .
At the moment , this is mostly coincidental in the same way that outfits like the Club for Growth have boosted pro-lifers in Republican primaries . The endorsements are going to the strongest fiscal conservatives . Typically , such candidates are the most socially conservative as well . Recently , some of the sharpest critics of big government at home have been opposing it ( albeit more quietly ) abroad .
Real conflicts between fiscal hawks and foreign policy hawks may be brewing , however . Sen. Lindsey Graham , McCain 's sidekick from South Carolina , has said they support a plan that will put tax revenues on the table in order to prevent Pentagon budget cuts . Graham told the New York Times that they had “ crossed the Rubicon ” on Grover Norquist 's pledge against tax increases .
Norquist for their part has made clear they are willing to see some defense spending sacrificed to avert tax increases . For now , the amount of new revenue Graham is discussing is relatively small and they have emphasized they prefer closing loopholes to raising marginal tax rates . But the sequestration mandated by last year 's debt-ceiling deal and the country 's broader fiscal constraints likely mean this is only the beginning . Cheney is already scheduled to fly from Wyoming to Washington to huddle with the House GOP whip team about the perils of automatic defense cuts .
It is becoming difficult to pay for the neocons ' wars with the supply-siders ' tax rates . That basic mathematical reality could create some infighting within the Republican coalition . The seemingly obscure issues that separate Schweikert and Quayle could become a bigger dividing line within the party .
W. James Antle III is associate editor of The American Spectator and a contributing editor of The American Conservative . Follow them on Twitter .
SQL Server 2016 is expected to offer native support for working with JSON . The first iteration of this support will be released as part of SQL Server 2016 's CTP 2 . Also known as a “ Community Tech Preview ” , a CTP is Microsoft 's equivalent to a public alpha test wherein developers are allowed to recommend changes to the technology .
Exporting JSON
The main CTP 2 feature is the ability to “ format and export ” JSON . This is done by appending a FOR JSON clause to the end of a SELECT statement . It is based on the FOR XML clause and , like it , allows for both automatic and semi-manual formatting of the resulting JSON string .
Microsoft expects this syntax to be equivalent to PostgreSQL 's row_to_json and json_object functions .
Transforming JSON
The bulk of the feature set will be released in CTP 3 . The first of these features is the FROM OPENJSON clause , which is a Table-Value Function ( TFV ) that accepts a JSON string as its input . It also requires a path to an array or object in the JSON data to be parsed .
By default , OPENJSON comes back as a set of key-value pairs , but you can supply a schema using a WITH clause . Since JSON does n't support dates or integers ( they are represented as strings and doubles respectively ) , the WITH clause can reduce the amount of type conversions needed later .
Here is an example from Jovan Popovic 's article on JSON support .
DECLARE @ JSalestOrderDetails nVarCar ( 2000 ) = N ' { `` OrdersArray '' : [
{ `` Number '' :1 , `` Date '' : `` 8/10/2012 '' , `` Customer '' : `` Adventure works '' , `` Quantity '' : 1200 } ,
{ `` Number '' :4 , `` Date '' : `` 5/11/2012 '' , `` Customer '' : `` Adventure works '' , `` Quantity '' : 100 } ,
{ `` Number '' :6 , `` Date '' : `` 1/3/2012 '' , `` Customer '' : `` Adventure works '' , `` Quantity '' : 250 } ,
{ `` Number '' :8 , `` Date '' : `` 12/7/2012 '' , `` Customer '' : `` Adventure works '' , `` Quantity '' : 2200 }
] } ' ;
SELECT Number , Customer , Date , Quantity
FROM OPENJSON ( @ JSalestOrderDetails , ' $ .OrdersArray ' )
WITH (
Number varchar ( 200 ) ,
Date datetime ,
Customer varchar ( 200 ) ,
Quantity int
) AS OrdersArray
To do the same in PostgreSQL , Microsoft claims that you need to use a combination of then json_each , json_object_keys , json_populate_record , and json_populate_recordset functions .
Storing JSON
As you can see , JSON data is stored as an nVarChar variable . This is also the case when storing JSON data inside table columns . Microsoft has several reasons for this :
Migration - We found that people already store JSON as text , so they would need to change database schema and reload data to use our new features if we introduce a separate JSON type . In our implementation , developers can use JSON functionalities without any change in database .
Cross feature compatibility – NVARCHAR is supported in all SQL Server components , so JSON will also be supported everywhere . You can put JSON in Hekaton , temporal or column store tables , apply standard security policies including row level security , use standard B-Tree and FTS indexes , use JSON as a parameter or return value of procedures and UDFs , etc . You do n't need to think does JSON works with feature X – if NVARCHAR works with feature X then JSON will also work . Again there are some constraints – Hekaton and column store do not support LOB values so you can put only small JSON documents there . However , once we add LOB support in Hekaton and column store you will be able to store large JSON documents everywhere .
Client-side support – Currently we do n't have standardized JSON object type in client apps ( something like XmlDom object ) . Web and mobile application , and JavaScript clients will naturally use JSON text and parse it with their native parsers . In JavaScript , a type that represents JSON is object . It is unlikely that they will implement some proxy of JSON type that exists only in a few RDBMS . In C # .Net , a lot of developers use JSON.Net parser with built-in JObject or JArray type ; however it is not a standard and probably it will not be part of ADO.NET . Even in that case we believe that C # apps will accept plain strings from database layer and parse it with their favorite parser . We are not talking only about apps . If you try to use JSON column in SSIS/SSRS , Tableau , Informatica ETL , they will still see it as text . We believe that even if we add a JSON type it will be represented as string outside SQL Server and parsed with some custom parser if needed . Therefore , we have not found any major reason to implement it as native JSON type .
It is probably a good idea to use the new ISJSON function as a check constraint on your JSON-containing nVarChar columns . If you do n't , you risk data corruption from flawed client applications inserting unparsable strings .
Querying JSON
To directly query JSON for scalar values , you can use the JSON_VALUE function . This function uses a JavaScript like notation to locate values within the JSON object . It uses the $ symbol as the object root , dot-notation for properties , and brackets for array indexes . The PostgreSQL equivalent is json_extract_path_text .
JSON Indexes
JSON data can not be directly indexed , but you can get the same effect for scalar data with minimal effort . Simply create a computed column using the JSON_VALUE function , then place an index on that .
“ Missing ” Features
Microsoft 's plan for JSON does n't include everything developers want . Many believe that a dedicated JSONB style column would offer better performance . Others want support for patching JSON data instead of having to replace the document as a whole .
In 2007 , Nokia was the biggest and most fashionable name in cell phones , with an unassailable lead in hand-held technology . Things had been so good for so long that company executives saw little chance for any competitive challenge–phones were a tough business , they said , and Nokia was reaping the harvest of decades of hard work that no one else could hope to match .
That June , Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone . And seven years later , Nokia—worth a quarter of a trillion dollars at its apex—abjectly sold off its much-diminished phone division to Microsoft . The price was $ 7 billion , less than 3 % of its former value .
Apple has n't introduced as revolutionary a product since , to the relief of incumbent players in all kinds of sectors . But Elon Musk , whose acumen and showmanship get them frequently compared with Jobs , has worked eagerly to fill the void .
On March 31 , their Tesla Motors unveiled its long-promised Model 3 , a $ 35,000 electric car that will go 215 miles per charge . The market response suggests to some the potential as a category killer , not just in electric vehicles , but mainstream cars in general : in the week since , more than 325,000 Model 3s have been pre-ordered by people putting down $ 1,000 per reservation , the company said April 7 .
Even deep Tesla skeptics call this demand unprecedented . There simply may be no example of a new car attracting as much interest in more than a century of automative history . Veteran auto analyst Bertel Schmidt says the closest comparison would be the 1955 Citroen DS ( below ) , which was pre-ordered by 12,000 motorists on launch day . Wall Street has responded by sending Tesla 's share price up by about 12 % since the Model 3 's debut .
Citroen The 1955 DS got 12,000 pre-orders .
So are we witnessing Nokia redux ?
It 's natural to ask whether we are observing an iPhone moment , the release of a blockbuster product that reconfigures the commercial landscape and transforms society . And , if we are , whether Tesla 's rivals face possible Nokiafication–a savage commercial blow in the face of a missed technological advance . ( With a blog post yesterday titled , “ The Week that Electric Vehicles Went Mainstream , ” Tesla seems to suggest the answer at least to the first question is yes . )
If traditional automakers fear obsolescence , they are n't showing it . ” While we applaud and welcome any new competitors to market , BMW remains focused on delivering the most innovative , efficient and technologically advanced vehicles to our customers , ” BMW spokesperson Rebecca Kiehne told Quartz .
“ We 'll react to the competition , ” says Tim Grewe , General Motors ' lead manager for electrification . “ But our master plan has n't changed . ”
Such resolve , typical of people you talk to at the major car companies these days , is perhaps a sign of strength , a byproduct of confidence in the new electrics now in the pipeline , and ultimately skepticism that Musk will get much beyond the fringes of the worldwide automotive market .
Or it could be a sign of complacency , a Nokia-like assumption that the moat is simply too wide for any new rival to traverse .
“ I definitely think that the auto industry has been surprised by the success of the [ Model 3 ] pre-orders , ” says Sam Jaffe , an analyst with Cairn Energy Research . “ But I doubt that they will do anything in reaction to it . The whole concept of pre-ordering is so foreign to the car industry that they will probably willfully ignore it . ”
But if there is one area in which Musk is objectively behind , it 's the speed with which mid-priced electrics will come to market . GM 's Chevy Bolt , for example—also priced at about $ 35,000 , with a range exceeding 200 miles on a charge—will be in showrooms by the end of this year , the company says ; Tesla customers wo n't get their hands on a Model 3 until the end of 2017 at the earliest , and possibly not until 2019 .
Grewe says that GM 's plant in Orion , Michigan is “ ready to go now . We have no hurdles . We are ready for high-volume production . You can go buy the Bolt . ”
Left unsaid but implied was that Musk is not quite so prepared . The question is whether they can catch up .
There is plenty of room for Musk to fall flat on their face
Tony Posawatz , who was part of the GM management team that developed the company 's plug-in hybrid Volt , argues that the onus of Tesla 's thick order book is not on its major rivals , but on Tesla itself .
Posawatz , now a private consultant , points out that Musk has been late—seriously late—delivering all three current Tesla models . When they finally delivered the Model X crossover in September 2015 , it was three and a half years after the promised date .
In addition , some Teslas produced to date have had quality issues . In October , Consumer Reports removed the Model S from its recommended list because of complaints including “ squeaks , rattles and leaks , ” not to mention problematic motors and brakes . Tesla largely repaired these flaws for free , and the company 's image has n't noticeably suffered .
Tesla That 's one .
Musk 's challenge with the Model 3 is n't just that they have ground to make up in terms of reliability , but that they again are starting from scratch : The Model 3 is derivative of no prior model ; Musk must create entirely new assembly lines for the car in Tesla 's Fremont , California , factory ( pictured above ) . The Model 3 battery , too , will be new . The place where it will be made–Musk 's vaunted Gigafactory , the gigantic lithium-ion battery plant they are building outside Reno , Nevada– “ has yet to make a single cell , ” Posawatz says .
Finally , it 's not as though Tesla 's rivals are standing still . In addition to GM 's Chevy Bolt , Nissan will produce a second-generation Leaf with the same 200-mile range and approximately $ 35,000 price ; it will come in 2017 . Before that , Toyota will deliver its Prius Prime , a plug-in hybrid ; and BMW already has its pure electric i3 . The other major carmakers are piling in as well by the end of the decade .
The hoopla in response to these vehicles may never approach that generated by the Model 3 . But every time another electric shows up on the scene , Musk risks losing customers to the incumbents—and has less wiggle room to miss their own delivery deadlines .
But this is the kind of trouble that you want
Musk has their challenge laid out for him—really tough , no question about it . But , if you 're in the car business , or any business really , this is the sort of problem that you want , versus one of lackluster demand , which is what has plagued rivals since electrics came onto the market six years ago . In terms of whether Musk is up to it , remember , this is the man who over the last decade has single-handedly validated both electric cars and private commercial space travel .
AP/Ringo H.W . Chiu A problem all of us should have .
Manufacturing experts might argue—with good reason—that making 325,000 identically reliable , $ 35,000 automobiles on deadline is harder than putting a commercial rocket into space and bringing it home . But it is not as though Musk has spent the last decade in an ivory tower .
And if you forget about 2017—which arguably was never a realistic deadline—and instead look to 2019 , Musk has three years to make good on the Model 3 's promise . If they deliver , both literally and figuratively , then they will create the transformational moment they have sought , both for Tesla and the industry as a whole . In other words , they do have a chance to catch up .
At this point , Musk has already said that they are recontemplating their production plans . To fund the necessary manufacturing buildout , they are also probably talking with advisers about raising a lot of new capital . Barclays ' Brian Johnson reckons that Musk will sell $ 3 billion in new shares , and that seems a reasonable estimate .
So what we seem likely to be watching now is Tesla in a cool , cash-raising frenzy , and an incumbent industry on a risky precipice . In the middle of it all is Musk , aiming not necessarily for a Nokia moment for their rivals—though that could happen , they actually want them to succeed—but most certainly aiming for an iPhone moment for himself .
by Don Paskini
In conversation with our star columnist Laurie Penny , James Purnell explained that when it came to welfare reform ” I think the question we need to ask is , ‘ does it work ? , is n't it ? ”
One of the flagship measures of the welfare reform proposals , supported by the leadership of all three main parties , the media , numerous expert advisers and employment providers alike , is the use of the private and the voluntary sector to get what Purnell charmingly calls “ the stock ” back to work . During the debate on the Second Reading of the Welfare Reform Bill last week , only two MPs , Katy Clark and Dai Harvard , raised concerns about this . But , in the words of the Secretary of State , “ does it work ? ”
By happy coincidence , the Financial Times answered this question last Friday :
“ The latest figures show that where the independent sector has become involved with welfare-to-work programmes it is falling way short of delivering the promised jobs . What is more , the phenomenon was evident even before the recession started to bite . ”
The FT goes on to report that Pathways to Work – a programme aimed at helping get 1m people off sickness benefits – is running 73 per cent short of its target , and that overall , the private sector-led employment programmes have delivered 60 per cent of the expected jobs in the six months to September , while consuming 98 per cent of the expected expenditure . The private companies which lobbied so hard for these contracts have lost a lot of money , and one of the biggest , Reed in Partnership , is planning restructuring that may lead to redundancies .
In other words , they have managed to design the scheme so badly that not only is it totally failing to meet its own targets , but the more money the government tries to give to private companies to help people get jobs , the more likely those companies are to get into financial trouble and have to sack their own workers .
I 'm guessing that the “ solution ” to this in the short term will be higher levels of corporate welfare – private companies will be offered more money in the next round of contracts and required to do less in terms of helping people get jobs . Because the cross-party alliance behind these reforms would rather do that then admit that on any remotely reasonable examination of the evidence , regardless of ideological affiliation , they are wrong and the left-wing of the Labour Party and trade unions are right , and amend the welfare reform proposals accordingly .
Back before James Purnell slithered onto the scene , in December 2007 , I wrote about the direction of the welfare reform agenda :
“ But it is not entirely fanciful to suggest that in the future , there might not be more jobs than at present . With the state of the global economy , trouble in the public finances and so on , it might well be the case that there are fewer jobs available , and that many people wo n't be able to get a job , no matter how hard they look for one .
So I asked one of the proponents of Welfare Reform what would happen in such a scenario . Their answer was that the entire system is based on the assumption that the number of jobs will continue to rise indefinitely , and would have to be totally redesigned if this were no longer the case . ( This is someone who supports the reforms ) .
There are parts of the country , and millions of people , who have still not recovered from the devastation of mass unemployment in the 1980s . If mass unemployment returns to Britain , then people will have to cope with benefits which are lower than under Thatcher , and be required by a system which is not fit for purpose to spend their time searching for jobs which do not exist . Those that do n't comply will have their benefits cut or stopped entirely . Meanwhile , more of the resources available will be spent on advisers monitoring that people are searching for the jobs which do n't exist , and punishing them if they fail to do so .
There are many different ways of addressing this risk and trying to deal with it , but what bothers me is that it is n't even being considered . So the point when support from the welfare state is most needed is exactly the same as the point when the new system becomes not fit for purpose . ”
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - India 's telecoms regulator made long-awaited recommendations on Tuesday to ensure an open internet and prevent any discrimination in internet access in the country .
After more than a year of debate , the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( TRAI ) said it opposed any “ discriminatory treatment ” of data , including blocking , slowing or offering preferential speeds or treatment to any content .
The Indian regulator 's support of so-called “ net neutrality ” stands in contrast to the recent stance taken by the chair of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission .
Last week , Ajit Pai , a Republican appointed by President Donald Trump in January , unveiled plans to rescind net neutrality rules championed by former President Barack Obama that treated internet service providers like public utilities .
In India , TRAI ruled in favor of net neutrality in February 2016 by prohibiting discriminatory tariffs for data , after an extended campaign by internet activists who argued that offerings such as Facebook 's ( FB.O ) free basics platform violated net neutrality principles .
The new regulations go a step further and recommend prohibiting any service provider from throttling data speeds .
“ The core principles of net neutrality , non-discriminatory treatment of all content , treating internet as an open platform , we 've upheld them , ” TRAI Chairman RS Sharma said .
Idea Cellular Ltd IDEA.NS , India 's third-biggest wireless carrier , said it would not comment on the recommendations , while Vodafone Group ( VOD.L ) said it would respond after studying the suggestions .
The Cellular Operators Association of India ( COAI ) - the telecom sector 's main lobby group , said in a statement it was “ disappointed ” TRAI did not adopt an industry recommendation to have a “ wider approach to net neutrality ” , noting its issues with “ over-the-top ” players were not considered .
Indian telecom providers have been hurt by a bruising local market price war around data charges , while over-the-top service providers that offer free international calling , like WhatsApp and Skype , have also hurt their bottom lines .
In an apparent nod to the U.S. FCC 's new stance , COAI said , “ At a time when , globally , countries are adopting a more market oriented , and market driven approach to net neutrality in order to not stifle development , innovation , proliferation and growth of the Internet , we believe TRAI should have adopted a light touch approach to net neutrality . ”
Activists lobbying in favor of net neutrality said that while the recommendations were welcome , they needed to be put into license agreements .
“ Our job is not done , ” said Apar Gupta , a Supreme Court lawyer and co-founder of the Internet Freedom Foundation .
“ It falls on the Department of Telecommunications to take the recommendations and turn them into licensing conditions to be put on telecom providers , ” Gupta said , adding there was no time frame to implement the recommendations .
TRAI 's recommendations are the latest in India 's efforts to define net neutrality . In 2016 , TRAI issued a pre-consultation paper on the hotly debated issue and followed it up with a consultation paper in January 2017 .
Earning Your Fan Cred It 's opening night at the Oakland Coliseum and you ca n't wait to see Sonny Gray , the A 's star pitcher , throw the first pitch of the 2015 season ! As you scan your ticket and walk in to the stadium , you feel that amazing buzz of excitement along with the buzz of your phone ; it 's letting you know that you 've just received 1,000 TruFan points for being at the game on opening day . You open your TruFan profile page and see your updated attendance record in your profile . That 's ten opening nights in a row ! You take a look at the leaderboard imagining you 're probably one of the A 's top fans . Sure enough , you 've moved up into the top 150 .
Why block chains ? Block chains allow the creation of a loyalty currency unique to a team or league that is automatically secure and open . Tapping into these capabilities allows organizations to deliver sophisticated loyalty and rewards systems with lower investment than traditional points programs . 2 . Authentic Moments and Mementos The third inning rolls around and you begin to realize that this is your lucky day… Steven Vogt hit a home run and you caught the ball ! You scan it with your phone to record the event on your TruFan profile and get 5,000 points for the snag ! The chip inside the ball gives it a unique identity , keeping track of its position throughout the game , and even the plays in which it was involved : who threw it , who hit it , and who caught it ( in this case it 's you ! ) . Ownership of this ball and everything it ever experienced is added to your profile , forever . Because Vogt is one of the most popular players on the team , offers are already pouring in from fans who would like to buy an authentic memento of opening night . You decline , you 're keeping this one for yourself !
Why block chains ? As a permanent , transparent and unalterable database , block chains can serve to create the authoritative record of events . In this case , it can track your activities as a fan and can also be used to inform your reputation or even as a unique currency in the form of points . 3 . TruFan Challenges With that extra 1,000 points , you 've done it ! You 've crossed a truly epic milestone , the elusive 100K point barrier . Over the years you 've earned all those thousands of points just by doing things you would do normally : showing up for games , tweeting what 's going on , buying team merchandise , and playing different fantasy sports games . You love that you 're rewarded for being a fan , not just for spending money . Because the Tru Fan currency is open , secure and interoperable , an entire ecosystem has been built around it . You can redeem points for unique experiences offered specifically to you both inside the stadium and out .
As you take a well-earned first sip , you dictate a reminder to yourself on your Apple Watch not to misplace your new ball on the way home… Why block chains ? Interoperability means that any new app dreamed up by an individual , startup , or big company can easily plug in to the currency create new experiences . It can also mean the ability to exchange the loyalty currency for dollars or other currencies . Beyond the closed system of loyalty points you accumulate today , these can be earned for participation in activities other than spending money and granted by anyone across the fans ecosystem . 4 . Playing along It 's the 7th inning and the A 's starting pitcher , Sonny Gray is in the midst of throwing a no-hitter . Your buddy tweets you a link to a “ spot prediction ” ( ie . a pop-up wager placed in the moment ) they just made from their couch : Sonny will finish out the game , and there will be no hits . You think that 's a little optimistic , so you vote against their prediction . You retweet the link to get more friends in the mix . A market is dynamically created allowing fans to use their TruFan points to participate in the game in a new way . Your buddy gets points just for creating the market , but you know he 'll lose the wager when Sonny eventually gives up a hit .
You love playing these prediction games , it 's kind of like fantasy sports but better . If you involve enough people , you can start to pop up mini , instant prediction markets about things like : Will the A 's win the pennant ? Will Friday 's game sell out ? Will Sonny Gray throw a strike [ right now ] ? You get the thrill of gambling , while only risking your TruFan points instead of dollars . Why block chains ? Platforms that incorporate programmable contracts ( like Ethereum ) can securely track TruFan points , create markets on demand , and pay out winners in a truly interoperable and transparent way . Have a new or better user experience in mind ? You can create your own app that allows points to be traded and wagered . Prediction markets like these may be useful as predictors for business decisions as well . 5 . Tix Fix The game ends and the A 's win ! Sonny Gray did give up a hit but the other team did n't score so you won the game and your spot prediction . As you head out of the stadium you receive a message that your nephew 's scouting troop would like your tickets for next Saturday 's game . You open up your Tix Fix app and see that their troop is offering to swap you to better seats in order to keep their group together . And — get this ! — they 'll even throw in a bonus 2,500 TruFan points for your troubles .
Young Thug fans have been waiting years for HiTunes , the official major label debut from the young Atlanta star . It was supposed to drop years ago when Thug first got their deal with Atlantic Records via Gucci Mane , but their move to 300 Ent . has slowed things down .
Now things seem to be rolling in the right direction . This week Lyor Cohen , head of 300 , gave fans a preview of the video announcement for Thugger 's upcoming HiTunes tour , which will feature Thug riding a horse . Lyor was also in the studio with Thug and Todd Moscowitz , another head exec at 300 ( along with Kevin Liles ) . Lyor seemed to preview a tracklist for the album ( or perhaps Slime Season 3 ) and also played a snippet of new music from Thug . You can see all that below .
Thug has gotten off to a strong start in 2016 with I 'm Up , their latest EP that features standouts like `` F Cancer '' and `` King TROUP . ''
They also have a collab with Elton John in the works , according to Fader . Elton has already announced themselves as a fan of Thug 's music , so it makes sense .
In addtion , GQ did an excellent feature on the other-worldly Atlanta rapper recently , as they followed them around to shows and their gambling haunts to get an inside look at the rapper 's life .
By the looks of the videos below , Thug 's HiTunes tour looks like it 'll be kicking off at the beginning of May . That means the album should be dropping around the same time . Then again , Thug did announce a HiTunes tour last year , only to cancel a majority of the dates before the tour even started .
Slamming what they called the `` tyranny of minorities '' , Mr Sarkozy said that if they won the 2017 election , they would be `` the president of the national community , because in France the only community that matters is the French community . ''
`` If you want to become French , you speak French , you live like the French . We will no longer settle for integration that does not work , we will require assimilation .
`` Once you become French , your ancestors are the Gauls . ' I love France , I learned the history of France , I see myself as French ' , '' is what you must say , they added .
`` If we say we can no longer continue with immigration ( ... ) then it is racist . It 's unbearable , '' they said .
`` I want to be the voice of the silent majority , '' Mr Sarkozy added to applause .
Immigration promises to be a key issue in next year 's elections and their comments came as building work began on a wall in the northern French city of Calais to clamp down on repeated attempts by migrants to stow away on trucks heading for Britain .
The British-funded wall , which is a kilometre ( half a mile ) long and four meters ( 13 feet ) high , will pass within a few hundred metres of the sprawling migrant camp known as the `` Jungle '' , which charities say now houses more than 10,000 people .
Mr Sarkozy 's Gaul comments provoked heated reactions from the ruling Socialists and from party rivals for presidential primaries , slated for November .
But the comments provoked heated reactions from the ruling Socialists and from Mr Sarkozy 's rivals for presidential primaries , slated for November .
Myriam El-Khomri , the Socialist labour minister , said : `` I too adore Asterix , but thankfully France is a much vaster idea that this particularly narrow-minded vision . ''
Benoîst Apparu , spokesperson for Alain Juppé , the favorite to win presidential primaries for Mr Sarkozy 's Les Répulicains party , said : `` I 'm not convinced that our friends from Martinique or La Réunion ( two French islands and overseas 'départements ' ) will totally relate to this definition , which is not that of France . ''
In their defence , Sarkozy ally Eric Ciotti , a Right-wing MP , said : `` The current threats ( to France ) force us to rehabilitate this model of assimilation because you do n't become French by chance . ''
On Twitter , Mr Sarkozy 's spokesperson Gérald Darmanin wrote that the ex-president was talking about being `` culturally gaulois '' .
The 61-year-old standard-bearer for the centre-right , who was president from 2007-2012 , had seen their poll ratings rise recently after taking a hard line on Islam and immigration following a massacre in Nice in July which saw 86 people killed .
In August Mr Sarkozy said that France had to fight to protect its secular `` way of life . ''
U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to touch down in New Delhi on Sunday morning , kicking off a highly anticipated three-day visit that will see them attend India 's Republic Day parade on Jan. 26 .
Here are the five things you need to know as the President arrives in the Indian capital .
1 . This is a highly symbolic visit with many firsts
Obama will be the first U.S. President to attend the Jan. 26 parade , a Soviet-style jamboree to mark the day in 1950 India 's constitution came into force . Past invitees to the annual celebration include Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Russian President Vladimir Putin and French President Nicholas Sarkozy . But that 's not all : when they land in New Delhi , Obama will also become the first sitting U.S. leader to visit India twice , following an earlier trip in 2010 .
2 . This is not the first ( nor even second ) meeting between Obama and the new Indian leader
Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who came to power following Indian national elections in 2014 , traveled to the U.S. in September , visiting New York City and calling in at the White House in Washington D.C. “ It is rare for leaders , especially American presidents , to have successive summits so quickly , ” Tanvi Madan , director of The India Project at the Brookings Institution , told TIME . Modi and Obama also met at the G20 Summit in Australia and the East Asia Summit in Burma last year .
3 . Relations between the two countries have n't always been smooth
Another reason this visit is significant is that it symbolizes a rapid improvement in U.S.-India ties , which were nearly undone at the end of 2013 over a row involving Devyani Khobragade , India 's deputy consul general in New York . Accused of visa fraud and underpaying their house-keeper , they were arrested and strip-searched by U.S. law enforcement , sparking angry protests and diplomatic retaliations from India .
4 . The symbolism may be backed up by some substance
Modi and Obama will discuss a whole host of issues when they sit down for talks . Among those topping the agenda will be bilateral trade , climate change , increased defense cooperation and investment in India 's civilian nuclear sector , where a deal is being sought to break a long-standing impasse over a local law that is blamed for keeping foreign nuclear companies from getting involved in the Indian market . ( It 's not yet clear if the two sides will come to an agreement in time for the President 's arrival . ) Obama and Modi are also expected to discuss the regional geopolitical situation .
5 . And finally , there 's a bilateral radio show
Obama will join Modi on a special edition of the Indian leader 's regular radio program that will air on state broadcaster All India Radio on Jan. 27 . The Indian Prime Minister broke the news of the show themselves using their Twitter feed :
And the state broadcaster prepared a special poster :
See The History of US—India Relations in 12 Photos Ivan Dmitri—Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images PhotoQuest/Getty Images AP Larry Burrows—The TIME & LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images AP Charles Harrity—AP Diana Walker—The TIME & LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images T.C . Malhotra—Getty Images Prakash Singh—AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images Pedro Ugarte—AFP/Getty Images Lucas Jackson—Reuters 1 of 12 Advertisement
Write to Rishi Iyengar at rishi.iyengar @ timeasia.com .
Part Of The Series `` Living and Working Better ''
Recently , I connected with writer Farnoosh Tarobi 's team for an article they were writing for O , The Oprah Magazine on `` 5 Things To Know Before Quitting Your Job . '' I thought long and hard about my best advice on this , because so many people are struggling with feeling miserable in their jobs and desperately wanting to quit without having another one lined up , but ca n't decide what 's best .
My personal take is this - I advise against quitting before having another job for a number of critical reasons :
• Often we want to run away from what we hate ( I call this the Pendulum Effect ) , but if we do n't do the hard internal work of addressing and overcoming the obstacles we 're facing today , they typically repeat in the next role and the next chapter of your life .
• Secondly , many people want to leave their jobs today because of toxicity they experience , but they have n't figured out well enough if it 's the work they hate , or the people and the specific culture/environment that 's creating so much pain .
• People who 've faced trauma or challenge in the workplace and quit without other work typically experience a huge hit to their confidence and self-esteem . And this confidence gap is obvious to others ( particularly hiring managers ) , and holds them back from better roles and situations in the future .
• Finally , the stress and strain of a bad job can wreak havoc on our health and well-being , but often it 's your own boundaries that are n't sufficient and need strengthening for you to be able to deal with future challenges like these , without your body and spirit breaking down .
Watch on Forbes :
Another reason to stay in your job while pursuing a new path ( if you can ) is that when you 're not employed or earning money , the financial strain , worry and pressure can stifle your creativity , exploration and the entire search process . Often people just ca n't bear the feeling of the unknown , and jump into another job that 's a poor fit because they 're too anxious about being unemployed .
Overall , it 's much more advantageous if you can empower yourself and “ brave up ” to address your challenges now , rather than run away from them . If you can do that , then find new work , you 're almost guaranteed that these problems wo n't need to be repeated again and again in your next job or career .
But if you simply ca n't work it out where you are given the demands of your current job , some time off to explore may be beneficial .
Here are the questions I 'm asked frequently about leaving a job before you have another :
# 1 : Why might it be healthy or a smart decision to quit my job if I do n't have another one lined up ?
Answer : Again , in my view as one who 's worked with thousands of professionals in transition , it 's almost always best NOT to leap out of one job before you have another , better one . But if that 's not possible , some of the solid reasons behind quitting are :
• It 's an unhealthy situation that 's taking a huge toll on your physical and mental well-being , and your efforts to change that have n't worked or have fallen on deaf ears
• You want to pursue a new direction but simply ca n't , given the crushing , 24/7 demands your current job entails
• You have the financial cushion ( and access to health insurance and other important benefits ) to take a breather and explore new ways to pivot or transform your career to something you 're more passionate about that will be more meaningful and positive in your life
# 2 : Professionals seem to be considering this ( quitting before having something else ) more and more . Why do you think that is ? What does that say about how mindsets and the job world are shifting ?
Answer : I 've seen among professionals that there 's a growing intolerance of the nonsense that is prevalent in so many organizations – terrible leadership , narcissistic bosses and colleagues , a lack of a clear pathway to growth and expansion , no clear mission or vision for the organization , confused and unclear roles and responsibilities , toxic , unethical or illegal behavior , and more . People ( especially younger generations ) are simply less willing to compromise and put up with work cultures that are broken , and with leadership and management that is unable to steer the ship in healthy and productive ways .
I 've observed too that there is an expansion of the entrepreneurial mindset in many professionals today , particularly those under 30 , who know that if they 're not happy or fulfilled , this is n't the only job , role or situation that will come their way . They realize they can create fulfilling new opportunities for themselves that are exciting and rewarding .
Finally , research has shown that by 2021 , nearly half of the population ( 48 % ) will be independent or have tried independent work in their lifetime , and there 's a growing trend of professionals leaving unhappy corporate situations to build an independent work-life .
# 3 : If I do decide to leave my job before I have another , how can I make the most of my break or time off to be sure I can land another job of my choosing ? What will employers want to hear about my break ?
Answer : Employers will want to hear that you engaged in exciting , growth-oriented experiences that expanded your skills set , and your breadth of knowledge , and made you an even stronger candidate for their open position than you were before .
It goes without saying that it 's a big red flag for hiring managers and recruiters to hear anything negative about your past work situation or experience , or that you were too stressed , ill or angry ( or hated your boss so much ) to tolerate your job one more minute .
Make the most of your time off by :
• Networking and expanding your relationships with mentors , sponsors and ambassadors for your great work
• Learning something new and exciting that you can leverage ( take a class , earn a new certification , take concrete steps to explore a new direction that excites you )
• Volunteering to support an important project , offering your skills and talents in a new way , for a cause that you care deeply about
• Teaching something valuable– share your teachable point of view and spread your knowledge and know-how through giving a workshop , online course , or webinar
• Launching something important– for example , launch a new blog or website that showcases your thought leadership and your expertise , or launch your consulting business that allows you to acquire great new clients that need the services that you love to offer
The upshot is that employers want to hear that you engaged in experiences that expanded your skill set and helped you bring more value to any new role .
# 4 : What are the common ways a bad job can take a toll on our physical/mental well-being ? What are some real signs that I need to leave now ?
Answer : As a therapist and coach , I 've seen toxic or `` wrong '' work wreak havoc on our physical and mental health . Symptoms such as chronic illness , depression , fatigue , chronic pain , anxiety , a feeling of pervasive hopelessness and indecisiveness , uncontrollable anger and resentment , all indicate that you 're potentially in the wrong job or career , or are working with people who are shattering more than your happiness .
For instance , during the most toxic period of my corporate life , I experienced four years of a serious recurring infection of the trachea . Every three to four months , I 'd get violently ill with terrible pain and infection in my throat . I 'd lose my voice for days , and be bedridden with high fever , pain and exhaustion . It was excruciating and debilitating and doctors had no idea how to cure or prevent it . I know now it was from stress and from feeling like a victim in my own life . And it was a clear sign ( a revealing metaphor , in fact ) for my not being able to speak up for myself . From the minute I was laid off after 9/11 and began to reinvent my life and work , my tracheal infections vanished , never to return .
# 5 : What are some red flags that point to a need to explore leaving my work asap ? :
Answer : Here are some critical signs :
• You get sick every Sunday night before the work week
• You 're depressed and anxious all the time about work , your colleagues and bosses and your performance
• You feel like an impostor ( that you do n't know enough and you 'll be found out )
• Your body does n't heal
• You chronically exhausted and run down
• You know beyond a shadow of a doubt that you were meant for different work but have been afraid to pursue it
• You deeply long to use your talents and gifts in different ways
• You ca n't shake the feeling that if you do n't reinvent your work and become truer to yourself , real crisis will occur
• You 're being abused and mistreated , habitually
Below is an exercise to help professionals understand if the time to seriously consider changing their work is now :
Review the list of statements below , and honestly ask yourself “ Does this reflect what I 'm going through today ? ” Check all that apply .
• Successfully balancing my home life and work life feels almost impossible right now .
• I 'm having some health problems that wo n't go away .
• I 've experienced a loss of someone or something I deeply loved , and I feel changed because of it .
• Sometimes I feel like things are starting to “ fall apart . ”
• I feel like I 've awakened somehow , and I want to start smelling the roses .
• My company has let me down , and I do n't feel the same about it as I used to .
• I long to make a greater contribution somehow .
• I feel there 's something else out there for me to do now , but I 'm not sure what it is .
• I have gifts and talents I 'm not using , but I deeply long to start using them .
• In some ways , I do n't like who and what I 've become .
• I dislike what I do , or I 'm so bored by it , but I have no idea what other work I would do .
• I feel bruised and beaten up by work and by life .
• I do n't want to keep doing this work , but I do n't have a way out financially .
• I just do n't want to keep up with this competition and pace anymore . I 'm tired of it .
• I want to help people somehow , and not hurt people or be hurt anymore .
If any of the above fit your experience , it 's time for transition , and it can be very positive , if you are ready to do the inner work required to `` brave up '' and embrace a new path .
To build your readiness for more success , take Kathy Caprino 's Career Success Readiness Quiz here and watch their TEDx talk `` Time To Brave Up . ''
OPINION
THIS is a joke .
The merits of Anthony Mundine 's desperate NRL comeback attempt should not be up for debate — but they are .
The 40-year-old has declared they plan to become the oldest Australian first-grade rugby league player in recorded history — and claims St George Illawarra chief executive Peter Doust contacted them about their availability .
For perhaps the first time since they deserted the Dragons in the middle of the 2000 season , Mundine 's NRL declaration has blurred the lines between traditional Mundine supporters and Mundine knockers .
Some supporters are worried about The Man cheapening their legacy if their comeback bid crashes and burns . Some knockers want to see them make a fist of it so they can witness the crashing and burning .
Before you make up your mind on this bizarre sideshow , weigh up the impact Mundine 's return would have on the greatest game of all .
WHY THE MAN SHOULD RETURN
1 . THE MOST CAPTIVATING STORY SINCE JARRYD HAYNE
EVEN the staunchest of Mundine critics would admit the return of one of the most controversial figures the game has seen would immediately capture the imagination of fans . It 's not exactly Jarryd Hayne moving to the NFL or Israel Folau at the Rugby World Cup with the Wallabies , but even taking the first step towards a new sport would reinvigorate the interests of fans who tuned out a long time ago .
2 . HUGE SPONSORSHIP DOLLARS
MUNDINE will never be a superstar in the NRL . The Man played three State of Origin matches in 1999 and played in three grand finals , including the Broncos ' 1997 Super League triumph , but no player has ever dominated the game at their age . Nobody has ever played the game at their age . He 's never going to attract a big-money offer from an NRL team . Where they can clean up is in sponsorship roles and advertising . Being seen every week in the NRL instead of a couple of times a year in the ring on a Main Event pay-per-view , suddenly makes Mundine much more visible and much more attractive as a potential brand ambassador . A return to the NRL also opens a lot of doors for Mundine 's employment options in retirement through media and corporate partnerships .
3 . A WELCOME DISTRACTION
MUNDINE wants to return to the Dragons — the team they abandoned in 2000 . It is a partnership that works . Just as Hayne was touted in San Francisco as a welcome distraction during a season of misery , Mundine can be the feel-good story that eases the pressure on a team that does n't look like going anywhere in the immediate future .
4 . PROVE YOU 'RE THE BEST SINCE BO
MUNDINE famously shared a long-running war of words with The Daily Telegraph 's Paul Kent , which peaked in 2013 when Mundine declared no athlete has ever “ conquered two sports like I did ” . Kent immediately replied by dropping the name of American baseball and NFL star Bo Jackson . The Man has no claim to be anywhere near mentioning in the debate of the greatest athletes of all time — but returning to the NRL as a 40-year-old would certainly strengthen their evidence .
5 . FANS GET TO SEE MUNDINE GET WALLOPED
FANS would finally get a chance to see Mundine get smashed by the likes of Dylan Napa and David Klemmer . On top of this gift of guaranteed carnage , the damage to Mundine 's ego would be a nice little cherry on top for those hoping to see Mundine humbled into retirement .
WHY THE MAN SHOULD NOT RETURN
1 . MUNDINE DOES N'T DESERVE TO BE TAKEN BACK
ANTHONY Mundine is hardly the NRL 's prodigal son . They deserted the Dragons in the middle of the season ( and the middle of a contract ) and insulted some of the most respected figures in the game , including Laurie Daley and Arthur Beetson , with accusations of being “ Uncle Tom 's ” . Now that they have nowhere else to turn , they want to be embraced by fans like it 's some kind of fairytale story . They spat on the game . Fans do not forget things like that . This is the final shameful act of a man who has nowhere else to turn .
2 . THERE ARE OTHER PLAYERS ON THE FIELD
NO sport has more drama and more unbelievable plot lines than rugby league — it 's the sport 's greatest strength and greatest weakness . Mundine , deservedly so , would hijack public attention away from teams and players deserving of recognition for their on-field performances . It has all the makings of an Israel Folau-GWS Giants sideshow .
3 . THE GAME LOSES ITS PRESTIGE
HOW can rugby league justify its reputation as the toughest sport in the world when an old man can become a professional player in the space of 12 months after not picking up a Steeden for 16 years ? You might want to see Mundine return for the chance to see them dominate or be obliterated , but remember how cheap the game looks if gimmicks like this are validated . This is a trainwreck you must try and look away from .
4 . THE GAME HAS CHANGED
THERE is legitimate reason to believe Mundine is at risk of serious harm if they ever makes it onto the training field against players 40kg heavier than him . In November last year , Mundine weighed in at 69.84kg before their fight against Charles Hatley . That number is only slightly more than half the weight of the biggest players in the NRL . The game has changed . Even wingers and fullbacks tip the scales at more than 105kg now . The game Mundine knew 15 years ago does n't exist any more . Players are bigger , faster , stronger and Mundine 's been left behind .
5 . THE DANNY GREEN FIGHT IS DONE
MUNDINE wants to fight Danny Green and win a contract with an NRL team for 2017 . They ca n't have it both ways . Sonny Bill Williams could pull off the balancing act of fighting during the off-season and returning for pre-season training later than teammates — but they are obviously a special case . Mundine is 40 years old . The interest in the Mundine-Green re-match deteriorates every day they and 43-year-old Green age .
Fourth year student at School of Education
Shinnosuke Shigenobu
Fourth year student at School of Culture , Media and Society
Eigoro Mogi
Shinnosuke Shigenobu , outfielder for the Waseda Baseball Club and record holder for most stolen bases in the Tokyo Big6 Baseball League , has been drafted by the Yomiuri Giants as their second round pick . Eigoro Mogi , infielder for the Club and known for their sharp swings and extra base hits , has been drafted by the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles as their third round pick .
“ My grandfather graduated from Waseda so I 've loved the university since I was little , ” says Shigenobu . Waseda Baseball Club Coach Hiroshi Takahashi says many expect Shigenobu to surpass base-stealing legend “ Blue Lighting ” Tadashi Matsumoto , 1977 Waseda graduate and former player for the Giants .
Mogi 's practice of shouting “ Bring it on ! ” from the batter 's box has turned them into a fan favorite . They are writing about sports for the disabled in their graduation thesis . Mogi became interested in the topic after reading a newspaper article about a boy worried that others would hold back on them because of their disability . “ I would like to help support the disabled by working with my team and spreading awareness , ” says Mogi .
The two teammates are friends and have been “ catch ” partners since their first year at Waseda . In their fourth year they won consecutive spring and autumn league championships and also won the Japan University Baseball Championship Series , a series that determines the top university team in the country . Both vow to continue motivating each other as professional players and improving their abilities .
——————————————————————————————
■Shinnosuke Shigenobu ( right ) is from Chiba Prefecture and graduated from Waseda Jitsugyo High School . Shigenobu enrolled in the Jitsugyo High School after they saw them win the Koshien tournament in their first year of junior high school . As part of the Big6 League Championship , they participated in a total of 83 games with a .333 batting average , two home runs , 22 RBI , and 39 bases stolen . They were the leading hitter in the autumn semester of their fourth year .
Eigoro Mogi ( left ) is from Tokyo and graduated from Toin Gakuen High School . They decided to enter Waseda after being dazzled by the famous Waseda-Keio baseball game . As part of the Big6 League Championship , they participated in a total of 79 games with a .307 batting average , 10 home runs , and 58 RBI . They were the leading hitter and batting king in the spring semester of their fourth year .
Langer 's lines , Langer lines of skin tension , or sometimes called cleavage lines , are topological lines drawn on a map of the human body . They correspond to the natural orientation of collagen fibers in the dermis , and are generally perpendicular to the orientation of the underlying muscle fibers . Langer 's lines have relevance to forensic science and the development of surgical techniques .
History [ edit ]
The lines were first discovered in 1861 by Austrian anatomist Karl Langer ( 1819-1887 ) , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] though they cited the surgeon Baron Dupuytren as being the first to recognise the phenomenon . Langer punctured numerous holes at short distances from each other into the skin of a cadaver with a tool that had a circular-shaped tip , similar to an ice pick . They noticed that the resultant punctures in the skin had ellipsoidal shapes . From this testing they observed patterns and was able to determine `` line directions '' by the longer axes of the ellipsoidal holes and lines .
Application [ edit ]
Knowing the direction of Langer 's lines within a specific area of the skin is important for surgical operations , particularly cosmetic surgery . If a surgeon has a choice about where and in what direction to place an incision , they or they may choose to cut in the direction of Langer 's lines . Incisions made parallel to Langer 's lines may heal better and produce less scarring than those that cut across . Conversely , incisions perpendicular to Langer 's lines have a tendency to pucker and remain obvious , although sometimes this is unavoidable . The orientation of stab wounds relative to Langer 's lines can have a considerable impact upon the presentation of the wound . [ 4 ]
Keloids are more common when incision is given across Langer 's lines . [ citation needed ] Sometimes the exact direction of the collagen fibers are unknown , because in some regions of the body there are differences between different individuals . Also , the lines described by Kraissl differ in some ways from Langer 's lines , particularly on the face .
Alternatives [ edit ]
Other authors have created topological skin maps . Kraissl 's lines differ from Langer 's lines in that while Langer 's lines were defined in cadavers , [ 5 ] Kraissl 's lines have been defined in living individuals . Also , the method used to identify Kraissl 's lines is not traumatic .
See also [ edit ]
Parkour , a movement about movement that has humans traversing the concrete jungle as speedily and as gracefully as monkeys through trees . Represented in numerous films , this lifestyle/sport/art brings with it a high level of intensity and energy as the contours and details of ordinary buildings become a jungle gym landscape .
As people 's hunger to see parkour taken to the next level grows and with television and the internet competing to make this happen , the real development can be seen within the operations and the people who are fighting not only for parkour 's legitimacy but for the safety of its participants . I caught up with the founder of Parkour Generations Dan Edwardes who , since 2006 , has injected their unique vision and passion into creating a school for parkour and free runners .
“ Our focus has always been to integrate natural , functional movement into people 's lives and to open their eyes to the opportunities for movement and health in their own environment , ” Dan says , “ Parkour is a philosophy and a training discipline based on learning to move effectively and well over any terrain and this mentality is directly applicable to overcoming any obstacle one encounters in life . ”
Starting off with teaching and performance work through stunt work , movies and TV commercials , Dan and their team have brought parkour into a whole range of new markets including training facility design , coaching certifications , clothing , theatrical work and recently applying the benefits of urban acrobatics to tactical personnel within the military and emergency services .
The founder of Parkour Generations , Dan has been training in parkour since 2002 and has been lucky enough to train with the French Founders and pioneers since 2004 , “ I began Parkour Generations with two of these same individuals and we have partnered with other founders to create a truly global collective . ”
Dan 's journey began at the age of eight when they began training in the martial arts and fighting disciplines , an obsession that took them to Japan where they lived for five years following graduation from Cambridge . There they studied ancient Japanese warrior arts that could only be studied in Japan and has intensively studied Aikido , Karate , MMA , Jujutsu , Boxing and Katori Shinto Ryu .
“ I 've delved deeply into a range of movement disciplines and physical arts , with the aim of achieving overall physical and mental capability , ” they add .
PARKOUR GENERATIONS
Parkour Generations have become the go-to resource for parkour / freerunning related activities ( freerunning being a non-literal translation of the French word parkour , itself a renaming of the original term art du deplacement ) , and Dan and their team are certified to consult , display and teach the art anywhere in the world .
“ We offer coaching workshops , classes and international training events ; education with coaching , teaching and fitness qualifications ; performance training for the provision of stunt work for film and television and live action performances , ” they relate , “ Facility design is also a major part and includes the creation of bespoke parkour training structures , facilities and portable equipment that is safe and applicable . ”
DAN 'S TEAM
Since the global explosion of parkour there has been a lot of development and to raise the standards even higher Dan surrounds themselves with the very best they can find and internationally works with a team of sixty professional parkour coaches .
“ Each of our coaches has to pass the rigorous ADAPT parkour coaching certifications , ” they mandate , “ As well as demonstrating great personal skills , the ability to gel well in a team and the highest level of professionalism . ”
Ongoing coaching is provided to keep all of the coaches up to date with the latest information and methods , including regular Team Training sessions where everyone can meet , train and share information , “ We also have a Developing Athlete Programme for under twenty ones looking to gain experience in the field and a develop a professional career with us . ”
Standards mean everything and to make sure that everyone is leading from the front the individual development of each Dan 's staff is measured thoroughly via constant peer appraisal , “ We also insist that all our coaches repeat the ADAPT Level 2 physical components every year to make sure they are still operating at the highest level and can thus be role models for the rest of the community . ”
Dan is very firm about the quality of their coaches because they know that as a team they are responsible for the quality of the next generation of athletes . With this in mind the coaching is approached in a systematic method :
“ We always begin with giving them a good grounding in the fundamental aspects of functional movement , ” they explain , “ Reinforcing those healthy patterns and developing applicable strength before progressing onto more complex movement patterns . “
They go on to explain that there is a very broad and deep syllabus which the coaching team can draw on , but as movement is very individual a good coach of parkour has to look at the individual learner and identify exactly what they or they need to improve on .
“ Parkour is a principally non-competitive discipline , focussing on self-improvement and self-mastery , ” they reveal , “ So we encourage competition in the original meaning of the word , that is to work or seek together ( Con-Petire in the Latin ) to achieve excellence and overcome any challenge . ”
With the growing interest in parkour not only as an enjoyable pastime , and esoteric movement , but also has a legitimate fitness model more and more schools and academies have been established in recent years and for the most part Parkour Generations can be credited for their coaching groups and their ADAPT Certification Programme which ensures that coaches are qualified , “ It is our Coaching Development Programme that keeps our team ahead of the game , plus our commitment to excellence , hard work and staying true to the original , core principles and values of parkour . ”
REACHING NEW HEIGHTS –
Parkour Generations have just opened the UK 's first dedicated parkour and functional fitness centre , The Chainstore , in London .
“ It 's one of a kind , ” Dan says proudly , “ Bringing the outdoor experience indoors and it 's made a huge noise in the UK and international media already . It 's a special place and we 're looking to make it the first of many across the country and eventually expand the centres internationally as well . ”
They 've also recently launched a new ground-breaking certification programme for personal trainers and fitness professionals , called Parkour Fitness Specialist , which is fully accredited by bodies such as ACE , CYQ and FIT . This takes the incredible functional mobility , strength and fitness elements of parkour and introduces them to a fitness training paradigm , enabling everyone to benefit from the amazing discoveries made by the parkour community . It restores natural movement to any practitioner , enabling them or them to access previously unknown levels of physical and mental capability . This certification has been launched in the USA , Asia and the UK and has been phenomenally well received .
“ Thirdly , we are expanding to several new countries this year to build on operations we have in the UK , USA , Korea , Thailand , Taiwan , Brazil and Spain , ” Dan tells us , “ We 're very keen to see parkour in its proper form made accessible to every community that wants it and opening new regional branches is a huge step in that direction . “
These steps , and some other big projects that are being initiated this year , will hugely expand the Parkour Generations reach and community , bringing the benefits of parkour to tens of thousands of new practitioners .
For Dan and their team it 's all about the movement and about making this knowledge accessible to all and they believe that it is unethical to charge huge amounts of money for knowledge that could and should be available to everyone and they always look for ways to make that happen while maintaining the highest quality and standards in everything they do .
For an example , the making of the Chainstore : a building that went from scratch to a fully-equipped parkour academy in just nine weeks was a result of a team of about ten to twelve committed individuals using their skills , experience and ingenuity .
The primary investment into these crucial developments has been a combination of blood , sweat and passion from their international team , “ We do n't have deep pockets , ” Dan relates , “ And are always looking for good partners to assist the growth of these concepts , but with a dedicated group of individuals focussed on a task you can change the world . That 's what we aim to do . ”
Undocumented immigrant arrested in Jefferson County Copyright by WIAT - All rights reserved Video
JEFFERSON CO. , ALA. ( WIAT ) - An undocumented immigrant living in Jefferson County was arrested by Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
An ICE spokesperson issued a statement stating Nicolas Sarat-Lopez was arrested July 11 . The statement goes on to say they are an illegally present citizen of Guatemala . It did n't have any further details about the arrest .
Father Alex Steinmiller of Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic church tells CBS42 that Sarat-Lopez has been part of the church for several years and lives in the area with their family . Steinmiller tells CBS 42 two other men were arrested . Steinmiller and Lopez 's family are hoping they are released .
`` He is citizen in good standing . They have a full time job provides for their family has been a member of this parish for 6 years . They contribute well to this parish we do n't like to see this happen to parishioners , '' said Steinmiller .
Sarat-Lopez is also getting assistance from the group Adelante that helps immigrants .
An ICE spokesperson tells CBS 42 Sarat-Lopez has been placed in removal proceedings and will have their case heard before an immigration judge .
Ajax were turfed out of the Champions League at the third qualifying round stage by Rapid Vienna , who scored three times in Amsterdam to win the second leg by the odd goal in five and advance 5-4 on aggregate .
The Austrian team led 2-0 at half-time thanks to goals from Robert Beric and Louis Schaub , but a youthful Ajax , with an average age of 21 , were on level terms through Arkadiusz Milik and Nemanja Gudelj . Schaub scored 13 minutes from the end , however , to send Rapid into the play-off round where they could meet Manchester United .
Uefa dismisses Fenerbahce 's protest against Shakhtar Donetsk fielding Fred Read more
Louis van Gaal 's team could also be paired with Monaco in Friday 's draw , after the Ligue 1 team had no problem in dismissing Young Boys . Having won the away leg 3-1 , Monaco scored four in 23 second half minutes at the Stade Louis II to inflict a 7-1 aggregate hammering on the Swiss . Ivan Cavaleiro broke the deadlock after 54 minutes , Lavyin Kurzawa scored the second 10 minutes later , while Anthony Martial and Stephan El Shaarawy added a goal each .
Dinamo Zagreb advanced by the skin of their teeth having taken a 3-0 lead away to Molde only to let it slip and rely on away goals to progress . Marko Pjaca , Arijan Ademi and Marko Rog put the Croatians in a commanding position , 4-1 up on aggregate , after 23 minutes . However Etzaz Hussain pulled one back before the break and Mohamed Elyounoussi and Ola Kamara struck to level the tie . Molde had Vegard Forren sent off 18 minutes before the end , though , and could not find a winner .
Jasper Cillessen 's injury could impact on Manchester United 's De Gea Read more
Apoel Nicosia were also thankful for the away goals rule against FC Midtjylland . Leading 2-1 from the away leg , the Cypriots fell behind after only two minutes as Erik Sviatchenko put the visitors in front , while the Danish team were given another lifeline when Apoel 's Vincius was shown a red card half an hour in . Midtjylland , owned by Brentford 's Matthew Benham , could not find a second goal however and bowed out 2-2 on aggregate .
This article is over 2 years old
Crew rescued , with Buenos Aires saying Lu Yan Yuan Yu 010 was trespassing in its waters , tried to ram coast guard boat and ignored warning shots
Argentina 's coast guard sank a Chinese trawler that was fishing illegally in its territorial waters after it tried to ram a coast guard boat , authorities said on Tuesday .
In the high-seas chase a coast guard vessel on Monday pursued the Lu Yan Yuan Yu 010 toward international waters , firing warning shots across the Chinese boat 's bow as it attempted to raise the crew by radio .
How satellite technology is helping to fight illegal fishing Read more
“ On several occasions the offending ship performed manoeuvres designed to force a collision with the coast guard , putting at risk not only its own crew but coast guard personnel , who were then ordered to shoot parts of the vessel , ” the coast guard said in a statement .
The crew abandoned ship when the vessel began to go down . Four were rescued by the coast guard while others were picked up by another Chinese vessel shadowing the pursuit .
The drama marks a first test for relations between centre-right President Mauricio Macri and Beijing .
China illegally fishing off coast of west Africa , Greenpeace study reveals Read more
A spokesperson for Argentina 's foreign ministry said the judiciary was investigating the incident . Comment was sought from the Chinese embassy in Buenos Aires .
The coast guard used radar to pick up the trawler fishing off the coast of Puerto Madryn , Chubut province , a zone known for squid .
Shots were fired into the hull of the Lu Yan Yuan Yu 010 after it ignored radio calls to allow the Argentine coast guard to board as well as repeated warning fire , the Argentinian authorities said .
China has the world 's largest distant water fishing fleet , with more than 2,000 vessels according to the not-for-profit group Stop Illegal Fishing .
From New York City FC 's relocation of its Sept. 23 match from Yankee Stadium to Pratt & Whitney Field – located a whopping 107 miles away in East Hartford , Connecticut – to the surreal fretting over the U.S. men 's national team daring to play a World Cup qualifier at Red Bull Arena in Harrison , New Jersey , soccer venues have been a hot topic of conversation .
As embarrassing as NYCFC 's Yankees-imposed exile to the outer fringes of the Tri-State area may appear , it 's hardly the worst case of awkward site selection in MLS history – far from it , in fact .
Homelessness , construction , remodeling , unpleasant cohabitants , foul weather : Many of the league 's member teams have had their schedules disrupted by a variety of factors over the years . And with more than two decades of history now in the books , MLS clubs past and present have now played games – by our best count – at nearly 60 facilities in all , with three more currently under construction .
Some of them are temples to the beautiful game . Others felt more like outhouses . Here 's seven of the weirdest , worst MLS venues of all time .
Buck Shaw Stadium , Santa Clara , California
Some would call this a controversial place to open this list . Originally intended as a temporary stopgap when the San Jose Earthquakes were reborn ahead of the 2008 season , the shoebox-sized venue on the campus of Santa Clara University got quite cozy for the Quakes , as they spent significant amounts of money to enlarge and upgrade it over what ended up being a seven-year stay .
San Jose rolled up a 50-27-36 record at Buck Shaw as the quest for its current home , Avaya Stadium , dragged on , highlighted by a memorable Supporters ' Shield-winning campaign in 2012 where the Quakes made “ Goonie Time ” a certified MLS phenomenon .
But let 's not allow time , nostalgia and the flowing golden locks of Steven Lenhart to obscure our analysis too much .
Buck Shaw was simply not a top-flight professional venue , from its max capacity of 10,525 ( by far the smallest in MLS and not even the biggest in college soccer ) to its cramped , outmoded press box and bathrooms . And the setting sun was a notorious nightmare for goalkeepers in the south goal , such as when the Quakes ' David Bingham went YouTube-viral with this bizarre play in an exhibition match versus West Bromwich Albion in 2011 :
Embedded video for Pitch imperfect : The 7 worst ( and weirdest ) MLS venues ever
The Earthquakes were mere tenants , too . And it effectively rendered them – and by extension MLS – a niche , mom-and-pop operation in the wealthy , influential Bay Area sports market .
“ We were at an auxiliary locker room at Buck Shaw Stadium , ” then-Quakes president Dave Kaval told The Olympian in 2015 , Avaya 's first season . “ It was just a totally different level . It was really kind of minor-league . There were players in the past who would not play here because of the facilities , and that was a challenge . ”
Stade Olympique , Montreal , Quebec
Known to many Canadians as “ The Big O ” – or more accurately , “ The Big Owe , ” a nod to the rampant cost overruns over several decades that pushed its total price tag to a stunning CAD $ 1.47 billion , equivalent to US $ 1.2 billion today – Montreal 's hulking relic from the 1976 Olympics has a certain charm to it .
It sports a fascinating design and history , and it sits just north of the city 's downtown in an “ Olympic Park ” complex that also features a biodome – yes , a biodome ( formerly the Olympic velodrome ) . And when the Montreal Impact pack the place for a big game , like its inaugural MLS match in 2012 or the second leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final in 2015 , The Big Owe can rock like few places in Canada .
Embedded video for Pitch imperfect : The 7 worst ( and weirdest ) MLS venues ever
In a savagely wry twist of fate , Stade Olympique may never be torn down , because doing so would disrupt the subway line that runs underneath it . However , this white elephant is the Impact 's second home by necessity , not choice . The region 's long , harsh winters impinge on the opening and closing stages of the MLS calendar , making the outdoor Stade Saputo a non-starter and driving IMFC under the dome .
The main problem , and it 's a big one , is the playing surface . A top-level artificial surface was installed for the 2015 Women 's World Cup games played in Montreal , but the Impact relocated that pitch to its training ground and replaced it with a modular system that is loathed by visiting teams . It 's hard , fast and quite worn in places , causing huge bounces and nervous players to fear for their knee and ankle ligaments :
Oh , and sometimes that famously efficient Quebec bureaucracy rears its head , like when Montreal 's playoff game against Toronto FC was delayed considerably because the penalty boxes had been drawn several yards too narrow :
Embedded video for Pitch imperfect : The 7 worst ( and weirdest ) MLS venues ever
National Sports Centre , Hamilton , Bermuda
Here 's a strange chapter few outside of the New England Revolution 's hardcore fanbase know : The Revs once played a home game nearly 800 miles south of Gillette Stadium .
New England faced a dilemma in 2006 when it qualified for the CONCACAF Champions Cup , the single-elimination precursor to the CONCACAF Champions League . The Revs were drawn against Costa Rican side Alajuelense in the tournament 's quarterfinal round , with their home leg set for Feb. 22 , right in the teeth of the Massachusetts winter .
With Bermuda already having been settled on as a setting for preseason camp , the Revolution opted to host the Costa Ricans at the small Atlantic island 's main sports complex – a nice enough venue itself , with several thousand seats and a lush natural playing surface of , you guessed it , Bermuda grass . But it was far from a home-field advantage .
The Revs partnered with a travel agency to offer their fans a package deal to escape the New England weather while rooting for their team . But Taylor Twellman , future head coach Jay Heaps & Co. could only muster a 0-0 draw in front of an announced crowd of 1,500 and were eliminated by Alajuelense 's 1-0 home win two weeks later .
NEXT : Patience required while waiting for new venues
JavaScript Animation Speed Test
Compare the performance of various JavaScript libraries with GSAP . This test simply animates the left , top , width , and height css properties of standard image elements . There are also versions of several of the tests that use transforms ( `` translate/scale '' ) instead so that you can compare performance .
The goal was to be extremely fair and use the same code for everything except the actual animation . No tricks . Look at the source for yourself or run your own tests to confirm .
Instructions
At the bottom of the screen , choose the number of dots you 'd like to animate and the engine/library and click the `` START '' button . Keep increasing the quantity of dots to see where ( and how ) things break down . Watch for banding ( rings of clumped-together dots ) which can indicate there are problems with the way the engine calculates timing/delays . Things should be nicely randomized and dispersed .
Overdue animations
If any animation completes more than 150ms later than it was supposed to , it will be logged and shown in orange text next to the START/STOP button along with the average amount of time they blew past their schedued end time . This is important because some engines may have an illusion of being smoother but in reality their internal timing mechanisms are drifting and everything is slowing down , thus there 's less movement between each frame . For example , a tween that 's supposed to take 750ms may actually end up taking 10,000ms to complete .
Notes
CSS transitions ( which Zepto uses ) wo n't work in some browsers like IE9 . Also beware that some browsers incorrectly fire requestAnimationFrame events even when the browser clearly is n't updating the screen and/or they handle JS in a different thread , thus 10fps transitions may inaccurately report in JS as running at 50fps . So focus on the actual animation of the starfield and how smooth it is ( or is n't ) .
New Delhi : There has been a slew of responses to the recent rape of a woman in Delhi and the brutal attack on their male friend . Derek O Brien expresses fear for their daughter 's safety , Salman Khan at a press conference to promote their latest film says that they think the rapists should be killed , and parliamentarians demand the death penalty for rape . However , these responses and the media coverage on the incident seem to be marked by a refusal to think about the conditions that allow for rape to happen and how we even think of 'rape ' itself .
It is almost as though the rape legitimates increased control by the family , community and other custodians of women as it brutally enacts the fantasy of a dark and unsafe city where a woman can not negotiate the streets without being gruesomely violated.The continuum between the family ( the place of safety for women , the home where one is taken care of ) and the rape have to be stressed : both are fantasies of control , of doing whatever it takes to keep women in their place , wherever that place is . The elaborate everyday control of women 's lives by families and institutions ( both will find increased legitimacy because of the rape ) is as systematic , planned and violent as this rape was.An image of an uncontrolled horde is brought forth by a gang rape - but other groups - families , religious groups , communities that police sexuality are seen as the very essence of civilisation and civility.The rape of women is seen as aberrant , as outside of the framework of what can be thought , thus the continuous comparison of rapists with animals . However , this very construction of the rape as an event that can not be understood shows the refusal to see , or act against , brutal everyday forms of control.We need to stress the continuum between people who rape , people who judge those who get raped , and people who try to protect the women in their lives from getting raped by imposing structures of control . The portrayals of the rape of women allow for those men who want to understand themselves as protectors or avengers to do so , they allow for patriarchal structures of control to strengthen themselves and , crucially , they create women as the ‘ legitimate ' subjects of rape.Why is the rape of women not seen in relation to the rape of men and hijras ? Even amongst the rapes of women , it is certain kinds of cases that attract attention : marital rape , date rapes and the sexual violence that takes place within the family are systematically ignored.Sex workers and domestic workers are at the receiving end of systematic sexual violence but the violence faced by them is normalised in the structure of our society , just like certain continual forms of sexual harassment on metros , public transport , schools and universities are seen to be so routine that it is seen to be in bad form to respond to them . Everyday , routine , ‘ normal ' sexual practice hardly involves the discussion of consent or what might constitute a violation.The fantasies of heterosexual love in our popular cultures are fantasies of dominance and submission , our idea of ‘ romance ' sexist to say the least . Our idea of sex is so completely dominated by the vision of a penis penetrating a vagina that other kinds of forced penetration and violation do not even get the kind of limited response that such a rape does get.The fervent responses to those rapes which even become the subject of public/ political discussion , such as demands for violent retribution to be visited upon the rapists are actually more a sign of unconcern rather than an expression of an angry will to change the structures we live in.They manifest the desire to witness and enact violence ( what better when this enactment of violence is legitimated by public discourse ) . The slow , difficult thinking through , the rigorous and exhausting work required for changing the psychical , economic and social conditions which create the conditions for rape demand much greater commitment and strength than wishes for public lynchings . The danger of feeling legitimated in performing violence on someone else has to be stressed . The rapists also felt ‘ outrage ' at the behaviour of woman and their companions , they felt their positions to be legitimate.We need to move outside the frenzy around rape in order to be able to think about it . The demand for “ speedy justice ” that is being made can never be effectively satisfied by a police force , government or court because these entities are not outside of or separate from family and community structures that legitimise rape in the first place.Cases of rape committed by army and police force members , or the impunity afforded by the AFSPA show how they themselves are involved in perpetrating sexual and other violence . The police and the judiciary can not be given up as structures we turn to with our demands for justice but they will not be the bringers of the transformation we need.To change the manner in which people occupy public space we need sustained effort and political will . Rape creates many victims - women whose lives will be policed more , public spaces that will exude more fear and threat . We have to take responsibility for being complicit in this through our refusal to question what we cherish - family , heterosexuality , marriage , romance.In our desire to blame the violated woman who was out after dark watching a film , we forget the gay man who picked up a fuckbuddy and gets robbed by him , the sex worker simply because they or they are one , the migrant worker , the Dalit being put in her/his place , the adivasi resisting mining corporations , the Muslim . Their violation seems so routinised that we even forget to ask why let alone call for public lynchings . We are all rapists of one kind or another , complicit with the rape culture we have created , legitimised and contained through a convenient condemnation of one manifestation of it .
Benoît Roberge was a top Montreal police investigator known for their grasp of Quebec 's criminal bikers . They handled key police informants , testified as an expert witness at trials and worked hand-in-hand with police specialists on battling organized crime .
Now Mr. Roberge stands accused of helping the very criminals they were assigned to investigate . In an arrest that has shaken police ranks and had reverberations as far as Quebec 's criminal prosecutions office , Mr. Roberge was picked up by their own on Saturday and faces charges related to selling sensitive police information to criminal bikers .
Mr. Roberge , 50 , was led into court in handcuffs Monday and stood in a prisoner 's dock to be arraigned on charges of obstructing justice , breach of trust and participating in the activities of a criminal organization .
Story continues below advertisement
`` This situation is taken very seriously , '' Inspector Michel Forget of the Sûreté du Québec said earlier in the day . `` All resources available were put in place to shine light on the circumstances surrounding this leak of information to organized crime . ''
Police began to probe Mr. Roberge , who retired this year with a reputation as one of the province 's most experienced biker specialists , after they became worried that details of sensitive probes were being leaked . They quietly began an internal investigation that lasted for months .
According to Radio-Canada , Mr. Roberge was funnelling information to René Charlebois , a Hells Angels hit man and high-ranking biker who was serving a life sentence for murder until they escaped from prison three weeks ago . They were found dead 12 days later , just as the police were closing in on him . The broadcaster said police began probing Mr. Roberge after the biker 's death .
Mr. Roberge went to work in March as head of the intelligence unit at Revenu Québec . In a statement , the tax agency said it had suspended Mr. Roberge and was co-operating with the police investigation .
The impact of Mr. Roberge 's arrest even reaches into the domain of criminal prosecutions . Mr. Roberge 's wife is a Crown prosecutor in Montreal assigned to an office probing organized crime . No decision has been made about their caseload , a spokesperson for the prosecutors ' office said .
According to Mr. Roberge 's indictment , their alleged offences took place in St-Denis-de-Brompton , near Sherbrooke , starting in January , 2010 , when they were still employed with the Montreal police , and continuing up to this month .
During their career , Mr. Roberge had made a name for themselves in the highly specialized world of criminal bikers . They were a former controller of the late Dany Kane , a biker who worked undercover for the police and played a key role in the crackdown against the Quebec Hells Angels in 2001 . Mr. Kane was a member of the Rockers , the puppet gang of the Hells Angels ' Nomads , the top chapter that spearheaded the murderous biker turf war of the 1990s . After initially working for the RCMP , Mr. Kane was eventually handled by Mr. Roberge and an SQ colleague , Robert Pigeon . They talked to them by phone daily , debriefed them in person , got them to wear a body pack and recorded their video statements . They tipped them about upcoming biker meetings , which police secretly recorded .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Roberge also often showed up at biker gatherings , checking who visited their clubhouses . They testified as an expert witness in a major case against the Rock Machine , in the mega-trials against the Quebec Hells Angels and in the landmark Ontario case against the Hells Angels ' Steven ( Tiger ) Lindsay and Raymond Bonner , which ended with the club being deemed a national criminal organization .
The allegations against Mr. Roberge came two years after another retired Montreal police detective , Ian Davidson , killed themselves as they were being investigated for trying to sell the names of secret police informants to the Mafia . The investigation leading to Mr. Roberge 's arrest included the Montreal police , provincial police , RCMP and the Quebec revenue agency .
Story highlights U.S. should not lay out conditions , `` not lose the opportunity , '' state news says
A North Korean government group makes its offer to the U.S. to `` ease tensions ''
The U.S. has spearheaded efforts targeting North Korea 's nuclear program
The North abruptly called off talks days ago with South Korea
North Korea proposed high-level talks with the United States to `` ease tensions in the Korean Peninsula , '' its state news agency reported early Sunday .
The topics that `` can be sincerely discussed '' include easing military tensions , changing a truce treaty to a peace treaty and nuclear matters , according to a statement from the North 's National Defense Commission , as reported by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . It left some details -- like where and when the talks might be held -- up to Washington , and insisted U.S. officials should not lay out any preconditions for talks .
`` ( The United States should ) not lose the opportunity that is laid out and should actively agree with our resolute step and good intention , '' the commission said .
For years , North Korea has been at odds with many in the international community , including the United States , over its missile and nuclear programs .
Whether Pyongyang 's offer is accepted -- and if so , on what terms -- and whether the talks happen remains to be seen .
Last Tuesday , North Korea called off what were supposed to be the first high-level talks between North and South Korean officials in years . That meeting was supposed to start the next day .
South Korea 's unification ministry said the North dropped out after a dispute about who should be involved in the talks , after both sides contended that the other was n't sending a sufficiently high-level official to the delegation
The talks were to focus on , among other things , reviving joint economic activities . Amid a spike in tensions , the North in April halted activity at the Kaesong Industrial Zone , a shared industrial complex and major symbol of cooperation between the two countries .
It was not immediately clear what might be on the agenda if U.S. and North Korean officials meet . Washington has been at the forefront of those demanding an end to its nuclear program , pushing for sanctions and rallying other nations to their side .
Tensions in and around the Korean Peninsula surged in December -- one year after Kim Jong-un assumed power after their father 's death -- when North Korea launched a long-range rocket then conducted an underground nuclear test two months later .
Adm. Samuel J. Locklear , the top U.S. commander in the Pacific , said in April that North Korea 's missile and weapons programs posed `` a clear and direct threat to U.S. national security and regional peace and stability . ''
That same month , North Korea set out demanding conditions for talks . They included calling for the withdrawal of U.N. sanctions against it and a permanent end to joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises .
The United States and South Korea `` should immediately stop all their provocative acts against the DPRK and apologize for all of them , '' the North 's National Defense Commission said in a statement carried by state-run media , using the shortened version of North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
But those talks never came to be , with South Korean foreign ministry spokesperson Cho Tai-young describing the North 's demands as `` preposterous . ''
The United States has said that , in order for it to engage in talks , North Korea would have to show a serious commitment to moving away from its nuclear program .
If it happens , this will be the second senior-level talks between the U.S. and North since Kim Jong-un took power .
The first talks were in February 2012 , when North Korea 's first vice minister , Kim Kye Gwan , held talks in Beijing with Glyn Davies , the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy .
At the time , , North Korea agreed to stop nuclear activity at its main facility in Yongbyon and impose a moratorium on nuclear tests and long-range missile launch in exchange for 240,000 tons of food assistance .
However , the agreement fell apart after a U.N. sanction in response to North Korea 's failed long-range rocket launch in April 2012 .
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama - Gunfire erupted outside a Birmingham biker club Sunday night , killing two and wounding two others .
The shooting happened just after 10 p.m. outside Showstoppers Motorcycle Club on Coosa Street . Police said at least 40 rounds were fired in the gun battle .
One of the victims , a man , was loaded into a Birmingham Fire and Rescue truck , but was pronounced dead at the scene . Two other victims were taken to UAB Hospital . One of those was pronounced dead at the hospital shortly after arrival .
The other victim at UAB Hospital is expected to survive , said Birmingham police spokesperson Lt. Sean Edwards . A fourth victim showed up at Princeton Baptist Medical Center . That injury was described by Edwards as a graze wound .
Witnesses said the club routinely hosts gatherings on Sunday nights , after a day of motorcycle racing at Lassiter Mountain Dragway . On Sunday night , there were a number of people inside the club playing pool and visiting when they said members of another biker club showed up .
Several women said those inside felt something was n't right , and said the women were told to go outside . `` They surrounded the place , like they were looking for somebody , '' said one witness , who asked that their name not be used . `` They were inside and outside and then it was just shooting . We took off . I just ran . There was a lot of shooting . ''
Another woman said they and their fiancée had just gotten outside when the gunfire erupted . Them 47-year-old fiancée , they said , ducked behind a truck . When the shooting stopped , they came out from hiding but then the bullets started flying again and they were struck .
They said they dropped to the ground , and was bleeding from the mouth . They were conscious at first , but later pronounced dead in the rescue vehicle .
One of the club regulars said Showstoppers has gatherings on Thursday and Sunday nights . Area biker clubs , they said , take turns hosting the gatherings at their own clubhouses . They said Showstoppers is not one of Birmingham 's outlaw biker clubs .
The man who was pronounced dead on the scene was an innocent bystander , the regular customer said . `` He just comes here after the races to play pool , and talk about how their bikes did in the races , '' they said . `` He had two Suzuki 1000 's . They did n't drink , did n't smoke . You 'll never hear anybody say nothing bad about him . ''
Police said the scene was chaotic , and the evidence widespread . Shell casings spanned almost the entire block .
Edwards said the investigation is in its early stages , and no arrests have been made . The victims name are being withheld pending notification of family members .
The club regular said there might be repercussions from Sunday night 's violence . `` This stemmed from something that started in Atlanta two weeks ago , '' they said . `` Two other motorcycle clubs just happened to bump heads here , and they started shooting everywhere . That 's why so many innocent people were shot . ''
`` It 's going to get ugly , '' they said .
Logo TV , which airs the widely popular show , RuPaul 's Drag Race , is distancing itself from comments host RuPaul Charles made during a May 19 interview in which they defended the use of a term some find transphobic and offensive .
In the interview on the WTF With Marc Maron Podcast , Charles defended their use of words like `` tranny , '' directly responding to criticism he 's received in recent months — particularly after an episode of the show in which Charles and contestants used the term `` she-male . ''
`` Does the word 'tranny ' bother me ? No . I love the word 'tranny , ' '' Charles said in the interview .
`` Do n't you dare tell me what I can do or what I can say '' Charles said . `` It 's just words . Yeah , words do hurt . 'Words hurt me . ' You know what ? Bitch , you need to get stronger . You really do . Because you know what ? If you think , if you 're upset by something I said , you have bigger problems than you think . I 'm telling you this . ''
Logo TV distanced itself from Charles ' remarks through a spokesperson who told BuzzFeed , `` These comments did not come from Logo . We are committed to supporting the entire LGBT community and will not feature any anti-trans rhetoric on our shows . ''
Just last month , in response to backlash from the transgender community , Logo TV issued a statement committing to end the use of the term `` she-male '' — a month after Charles , the show , and the network came under fire for airing it in the March 17 episode . In a segment , contestants were shown close-up images of celebrities and were asked to identify them as `` female or she-male . '' Logo said it has pulled the episode and the term wo n't appear on the show again .
In the new interview , Charles also said `` fringe people '' are responsible for the backlash , not the transgender community .
`` That is what we 're dealing with , '' Charles said . `` It 's not the trans community , because most people who are trans have been through hell and high water and they know -- they 've looked behind the curtain at Oz and went , 'Oh , this is all a fucking joke . ' But some people have n't , and they 've used their victimhood to create a situation : 'No , you look at me . I want you to see me the way you 're supposed to see me . ' You know , if your idea of happiness has to do with someone else changing what they say , what they do , you are in for a fucking hard-ass road . ''
GLAAD , an LGBT media advocacy group , previously expressed concern over the use of transphobic terms and said it worked with Logo TV to ensure it would commit to stop airing them . GLAAD representatives did not respond to multiple requests for comment on Charles ' remarks .
It 's no news that Quentin Tarantino famously wanted to jump into the James Bond franchise and make `` Casino Royale . '' But in a recent in-depth interview with New York magazine , the `` Hateful Eight '' director briefly reflected on what they wanted to do with the 007 franchise .
`` After 'Pulp Fiction , ' I tried to get the rights to Casino Royale away from the Broccolis , but that did n't happen , '' Tarantino recalled to the magazine in a footnote from the interview . `` That would n't have been just throwing my hat in the franchise ring ; that would have been subversion on a massive level , if I could have subverted Bond . ''
Last year , the actor recalled the time Tarantino approached them in a hotel bar about the film . Apparently , Tarantino told Brosnan they were `` the best '' and `` only James Bond '' over multiple apple martinis . Brosnan was on board , but the studio was n't . Back in 2009 , the filmmaker said the studio went on record claiming the project was `` unfilmable . '' They eventually realized otherwise , which Tarantino credits themselves for , and `` GoldenEye '' director Martin Campbell became involved .
Now we 're still left daydreaming about what kind of Brosnan-esque subversion could have been . If Tarantino ever got to make a Bond film today , we at least know it would be nothing like `` True Detective , '' which the filmmaker told New York they found `` really boring . '' ( He skipped Season 2 though , luckily . )
For the full interview , head to Vulture .
Also on HuffPost :
PHOTO GALLERY Quentin Tarantino Movies
Yahoo has recently been trimming down its digital media business , with the closure of several of its online magazines , but other verticals – including eSports – are still seeing investment . To that end , the company has now launched its first eSports mobile application on Android . The new app brings eSports match coverage , including the ability to watch live or replay past games , view live stats , and more to your smartphone .
The launch follows the March debut of the Yahoo Esports content site , which operates under the larger Yahoo Sports Media group .
The site is meant to serve as a comprehensive guide to the eSports industry , featuring reporting , video commentaries , match pages , rosters , stats , schedules , scores , and more – similar to what Yahoo offers for its other sports coverage areas . Currently , Yahoo largely focuses on top titles , including “ League of Legends , ” “ Dota 2 , ” “ Counter-Strike : Global Offensive , ” “ Heroes of the Storm , ” and “ Street Fighter V , ” though the company said more titles would arrive in time .
However , that expansion has not yet come to pass in time for the mobile launch – today , those games are still the only ones featured in the Yahoo eSports application .
In addition to coverage , stats and commentary , the app will also support push notifications in order to deliver alerts about your favorite events and games , as well as breaking news , tournament analysis , and competitive strategy .
Yahoo 's eSports editors including Andrea Rene , Travis Gafford , Taylor Cocke , Dylan Walker and Michael Martin , who have backgrounds from IGN , GameSport , Kotaku , GameStop TV , and more , will be creating content for the new app .
The expansion into the eSports arena comes at a time when the industry is growing rapidly – the global audience for eSports in 2015 was more than 226 million , Yahoo previously noted when launching the new online destination .
Yahoo , of course , is not the only big media giant trying to edge its way into eSports – earlier this year , ESPN also launched a new division to focus on eSports coverage . This move arrived after ESPN 's increasing interest in the space . It had recently aired tournaments on its ESPN2 and ESPN3 channels , including the final of the “ Heroes of the Dorm ” event ( a collegiate tournament for “ Heroes of the Storm ” ) , as well as The International , the tournament for Dota 2 .
Amazon , via Twitch , and Google , via YouTube Gaming ( and its accompanying Android integration ) , are also competing in this broader gaming space .
The Yahoo eSports Android application is live now , and the iOS launch is arriving soon , the company says .
( This is another edition of “ , ” a weekly opinion piece column on FileFront . Check back every week for more ) .
Graphics are important . They 've always been important , and they 've always been on the frontlines of the console war battlefield , as platform holders endlessly vie to gain the visual upper hand over the competition . Graphics are among the most tangible things that consumers can evaluate before making a purchasing decision , so having a game that looks great , especially in the HD generation , is a crucial part to selling a product to the average gamer . Visuals are important , but they are n't everything , and even though we all seem to know that , we are always so incredibly ready to forget it .
There is a worrying trend in the industry of judging a game on graphics and nothing else . Not only that , but our idea of what constitutes high quality visuals has become so incredibly skewed that I believe we 've lost sight of what really makes a fun game . Even worse , I worry that this is bleeding over into developers as well , where graphics come first and gameplay comes as a distant second . I 'd argue that this is bad for the gamers , but it 's the gamers who are encouraging a culture that assumes a good game is identified by good graphics .
Crysis is a fine example of a “ visuals over substance ” mentality . When people talk about Crysis , they never mention the gameplay . It 's always the graphics , graphics , graphics . They are most certainly impressive , I 'll grant you that . Running them at full spec on my PC is absolutely breathtaking , and wandering the lush jungles is genuinely astounding … until the actual “ game ” portion of the experience kicks in , and everything turns sour . Clairvoyant AI , random difficulty spikes , enemies with the damage threshold of Scarface , pointlessly gimped superpowers and boring , mediocre first-person-shooter action is the core of the Crysis experience . But that does n't matter , does it ? Look at how PRETTY it is !
And of course , we gullible fools swallow it up . A game is a visual delight , ergo it must play like a dream . Unfortunately , gamers have started to embrace the opposing concept — that if a game does n't meet their high visual standards , it must be terrible .
Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom is the most recent victim of this . While I 'll happily concede that the game is getting a mixed response for legitimate reasons , with some people loving it and others not enjoying the way it plays , a large portion of vocal gamers are writing the game off instantly for its graphics . Now , Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom 's graphics are not the most amazing in the industry , but they are not bad , as some people would like to argue . They 're just not dripping in lighting effects and huge amounts of textures . Yes , that gives the character models , especially the main characters , a bit more of a rudimentary look , but the exaggerated way in which some people are criticizing the graphics speaks volumes about how spoiled we 've become .
Here 's the thing — Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom is a gorgeous game . Not because it has a load of visual horsepower , but because its art design is superb . I call the game beautiful not because it has the best bump mapping or bloom lighting in the business , but because people with real artistic talent came up with a unique aesthetic style . The design of the game 's primary enemies is amazing , as the corrupted soldiers of Darkness drip with an oozing , gloopy black slime and their feet stick to the floor with each grotesque step . The game is full of simple visual touches and endearing animations that outclass anything in the beautiful but sterile Crysis . This is why , to me , a game like Majin looks better than a game like Crysis . Artistic skill will always beat technical power , as far as I am concerned .
I think many of us have completely forgotten that design is better than graphics , and I also think that has informed the way we react to certain visual styles . It 's become the norm in this industry to praise “ photorealistic ” graphics and shun anything that is n't dark , gritty and believable . This is typified with my opinion on Viva Pinata . I 've said before , and I 'll say it again , that Viva Pinata is the best looking game this generation . I have been laughed at for suggesting this . Laughed at because it is n't Gears of War , or Killzone 2 , or Uncharted . No , it 's not one of those games with realistic physics , or a grey and moody atmosphere . It 's bright , it 's simple , it 's clean , and it contains gorgeous colors that pop on an HDTV more than any “ realistic ” game . The design is amiable and fun , with amazing textures on the various creatures that bring them to life . More importantly , Viva Pinata boasts far more imagination and invention than anything you get in a “ realistic ” shooter with its focus on dreary , wartorn backdrops and grey gun barrels .
The fact that such an argument is laughed off without gamers even willing to debate it stands as proof at how conditioned our eyes have become .
That 's why it 's dismaying to hear the well-worn , tired , and bratty accusation that a current-gen title “ Looks like a PlayStation 2 game. ” This has become one of the most stupid , pathetic comments to have cropped up in recent years , and the sentiment appears to be cropping up more and more . Here 's the thing — if you 've used the term , “ Looks like a PS2 game ” to describe something on the Xbox 360 or PS3 , then there 's a 95 % chance that you were talking absolute shit . In fact , I invite you to go back and replay your PS2 . For days . Then come back , look at the 360/PS3 game you were criticizing , and punch yourself in the nuts for saying something so stupid . Nearly every game that looks comparatively poor on the PS3 or 360 is still better looking than the average PS2 game . It 's incredibly sad that we 've become such spoiled infants as to forget that .
Besides which … some of the best videogames ever made were on the PS2 . Since when did having “ PS2 graphics ” hurt those ?
Great graphics are great only relative to the time period they 're in . Great graphics get outclassed and become obsolete in just a few years or even less . Great art , however , is timeless . Great gameplay remains long after the aesthetic thrill has worn off . I 'm not saying that graphics do n't enhance the experience , of course they do . But they do not make good games bad , or bad games good . And very , very , very rarely do they ever look like PS2 games , unless they were on the PS2 to begin with .
So there .
Dear Reader , As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
The Strategic Affairs Ministry held a secret , two-day conference of Jewish leaders and Israel advocates from around the world to discuss ways to cooperate in the fight anti-Israel boycotts and delegitimization campaigns .
The conference took place on Sunday and Monday in Jerusalem , with 150 participants from organizations in 20 countries who were told to keep the event secret . Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations President Malcolm Hoenlein and B'nai B'rith World Policy Center director Alan Schneider were among those present , according to a participant .
Another participant said the attendees were a heterogeneous group as far as viewpoints and nationalities were concerned , and while there were some young participants representing campus groups , most of the attendees skewed towards middle aged and older.In addition , representatives from several ministries took part in the event , which the Strategic Affairs Ministry said is part of its plan to integrate and coordinate all government boycott-battling activities.The conference included panel discussions of the challenges Israel faces in the legal , economic , academic and cultural spheres and presentations of research and polls about Israel , BDS and delegitimization.Among the matters discussed were early detection of boycott threats , concrete steps to deal with threats to companies in or working with Israel , increasing pro-Israel activities online around the world , positive branding for Israel and bringing groups of influential people to visit Israel.The ministry plans to use some of its NIS 100m . budget for this year to hire 10 locals to work at major Israeli embassies and battle delegitimization and boycotts . Their work will focus on early detection of boycott efforts and positive branding for Israel.At the conference 's close Monday , Strategic Affairs Minister Gilad Erdan pointed to recent victories in the fight against the boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) movement , such as anti-boycott decisions by the UK Cabinet Office and the Paris Municipality , but said there is still much work to be done.Erdan said : “ BDS activists are organized as an international network acting to isolate Israel , and therefore , our goal is to build an opposing network of Israel-supporting NGOs that will constantly act to deal with the lies and libels that BDS activists disseminate. ” A Strategic Affairs source explained that much of its actions to fight boycotts must be kept secret to ensure success , which is why the conference was confidential.One participant , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said that they saw the conference as an improvement over previous discussions of how to fight boycotts. “ What we have lacked until now is a coherent comprehensive strategy and a mechanism for coordinating our efforts on a global level . People are doing important work at the local and national level , but there has n't been a sort of overarching strategy , and that has proven to be a hindrance . We are moving towards developing something to enable us to all be on the same page and coordinate our efforts more effectively , ” they stated.The participant said the discussion was very action-oriented and focused on plans to take strategies to a practical level to combat delegitimization and challenges to Israel 's right to exist . They also said the event 's secrecy enabled the participants to speak more freely about their ideas.An Israel advocacy expert at the conference , who also spoke on condition of anonymity , said that they felt there was an improvement on past discussions. “ I saw a greater understanding of the urgency of the matter and a willingness to move from words to actions , ” they said . “ People understood there was a need to act . Time will tell if the ideas get implemented. ” Another person at the conference , who has worked with advocacy and Jewish organizations in the past and asked to remain anonymous , called it “ same old , same old. ” “ I 've been to tens of these things , and nothing new is said or done . There was no out-of-the-box thinking , ” they stated.According to the attendee , “ Diaspora Jews want action . They 're waiting to hear something new , and they 're not . The government does n't fully understand the urgency . We 've heard promises in the past , and we 're still waiting. “ I 'm not optimistic . Our track record is weak . The penny still has n't quite dropped in Israel , ” they added . Israeli news site NRG published parts of a presentation given at the conference , including what words and phrases Israel advocates should use to “ defeat BDS . ”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
Is Breastfeeding a Gateway Sin ? A Godly Commitment to Bible Based Sexuality
FREEHOLD , IOWA - Church authorities were prompted to make a public statement against breastfeeding last Tuesday when it was found that a number of church ladies had been breastfeeding their children well into adulthood . `` Little Randy is nearly 15-years old now , '' said church mother , Ida Jenkins . `` I still breastfeed the boy because I read in some secular magazine somewhere that the nutritional benefits of breastfeeding never really end . '' It was found that Mrs. Jenkins was nourishing young Randy 'round the clock by draining their teat into sippy cup and packing it in their Veggie Tales lunchbox . `` The youngster was sharing it with other students , '' said Landover Baptist Junior High School Principal , Gil Higglesworth . `` I got suspicious after taking a sip of it myself . '' `` What needs to happen here , is to just do away with breastfeeding altogether , '' said Pastor Deacon Fred . `` Poor young Christian boys are being weaned into oral gratification from infancy and the whole thing just stinks like the devil 's hiney . `` Our Baptist community comes from the school of thought that when a young boy starts to get hair under their arms that is the sign from God that they are becoming a man and it is time to stop nursing . '' Pastor Deacon Fred explained that those days are long past , and the time has come to end breastfeeding altogether . Landover Baptist Creation Scientists then revealed the shocking results of a 4-year study that links breastfeeding to early sexual activity among youngsters . `` We found that many young people who engage in breastfeeding , even if they stop at the age of 2 - oftentimes partake in what secular humanists call , 'third-base sexual activity ' before marriage , '' said Dr. Jonathan Edwards . `` Our study also concludes that breastfeeding leads to sloppy kissing , drooling , teat fetishes , and cattle buggery . '' Creation Scientists also expressed concern that the hardened nipples of a Christian woman who is breastfeeding indicate a sinful state of sexual arousal . Landover lady , Sister Taffy testified at 'The Fight To Stop Breastfeeding ' fundraising kickoff party . `` I had Ezmirelda , my daughter Rebecca Grace 's wet nurse , wean them off the teat when they were old enough to walk to the fridge and pour themselves a glass of milk , '' they said . `` Personally , the thought of anything attaching itself to my body and sucking the Holy Ghost life force out of me is revolting . The first thought that comes to mind are those old colored women with their boobies hanging down to their knees . They do n't get those big sacks from eating all that watermelon . No , its from having 6-8 of their children leached onto them until they are in their mid-twenties ! Glory ! '' `` In a world where toy manufacturers are slapping vaginas on Barbie Dolls and convenience store owners think nothing of selling toy testicles and candy suckers in the shape of male sex organs to young children , a Christian 's response must be to put on the full armor of God ! '' stated Pastor Deacon Fred . `` In these last days , the Devil will take many forms . Us True Christians® are the only people who can see Satan in just about everything , and it 's our job to expose him , even if it makes us look ridiculous to the unsaved public . It 's just a shame that now has to take something as innocent as nursing a young child and call it a sin . But Satan does n't give us a choice , folks . We are at war with unseen forces and principalities of darkness who will stop at nothing until they drag every single person on the face of this planet straight down to Hell . With this in mind , wo n't you please join us in our fight to end breastfeeding ? Your checkbooks are like little tiny daggers you can throw into the devil 's backside . Praise ! ''
Copyright 1998-2007 , Americhrist Ltd. All rights reserved . Terms of Service
The Landover Baptist website is not intended to be viewed by anyone under 18
I 've started listening to the audiobook of Peter Singer 's Ethics in the Real World , which is both highly recommended and very unsettling . The essays on non-human animals , for example , made me realize for the first time that it may well be possible that the net utility on Earth over all conscious creatures is massively negative .
Naturally , this led me to wonder whether , after all , efforts to eradicate all consciousness on Earth - human and non-human - may be ethically endorsable.This , in turn , reminded me of a recent post on LW asking whether the possibility of parallelized torture of future uploads justifies killing as many people as possible today .
I had responded to that post by mentioning that parallelizing euphoria was also possible , so this should cancel things out . This seemed at the time like a refutation , but I realized later I had made the error of equating the two , utility and disutility , as part of the same smooth continuum , like [ -100 , 100 ] ∈ R. There is no reason to believe the maximum disutility I can experience is equal in magnitude to the maximum utility I can experience . It may be that max disutility is far greater . I really do n't know , and I do n't think introspection is as useful in answering this question as it seems intuitively to be , but it seems quite plausible for this to be the case .
As these thoughts were emerging , Singer , as if hearing my concerns , quoted someone or other who claimed that the human condition is one of perpetual suffering , constantly seeking desires which , once fulfilled , are ephemeral and dissatisfying , and therefore it is a morally tragic outcome for any of us to have emerged into existence .
Of course these are shoddy arguments in support of Mass Planetary Biocide , even supposing the hypothesis that the Earth ( universe ? ) has net negative utility is true . For one , we can engineer minds somewhere in a better neighborhood of mindspace , where utility is everywhere positive . Or maybe it 's impossible even in theory to treat utility and disutility like real-valued functions of physical systems over time ( though I 'm betting it is ) . Or maybe the universe is canonically infinite , so even if 99 % of conscious experiences in the universe have disutility , there are infinite quantities of both utility and disutility and so nothing we do matters , as Bostrom wrote about . ( Although this is actually not an argument against MPB , just not one for it ) . And anyway , the state of net utility today is not nearly as important as the state of net utility could potentially be in the future . And perhaps utilitarianism is a naive and incorrect ethical framework .
Still , I had somehow always assumed implicitly that net utility of life on Earth was positive , so the realization that this need not be so is causing me significant disutility .
Coffee May Lower Risk Of The Deadliest Prostate Cancer
Enlarge this image toggle caption Francois Guillot/AFP/Getty Images Francois Guillot/AFP/Getty Images
For a long time scientists have wondered whether coffee might lower the risk of prostate cancer .
Previous studies have been relatively small and have shown mixed results .
But now we have results from a Harvard study that followed almost 50,000 male health professionals for more than two decades . A lot of them drank a lot of coffee , which seems to have helped .
More than 5,000 of them got prostate cancer — 642 of them the most lethal form . `` For the men who drank the most coffee , their risk of getting this bad form of prostate cancer was about 60 percent lower compared to the men who drank almost no coffee at all , '' says Lorelei Mucci , an epidemiologist at the Harvard School of Public Health and an author of the study .
When they saw the results , Mucci says , they and their colleagues said , `` Wow , that 's a lot ! ''
`` Among risk factors that people have studied for lethal prostate cancer , this is one of the strongest , '' they told Shots .
The same group reported about a 50 percent reduced risk of dying from prostate cancer among men who exercised regularly — two or three brisk walks a week was enough .
The new study shows that getting a 60 percent reduction in risk of aggressive prostate cancer requires a lot of coffee — at least six cups a day . However , men who drank three cups a day had a 30 percent lower chance of getting a lethal prostate cancer , and that 's not bad .
Only about one in 10 prostate cancers diagnosed these days is deadly . Most men get a less dangerous and curable kind . The study found no link between coffee drinking and overall risk of prostate cancer . Presumably previous studies did n't uncover the lowered risk of aggressive cancers because they did n't have enough of these cases .
Mucci says coffee drinkers got the benefit without getting buzzed on caffeine . `` Whether they drank regular coffee or only decaffeinated coffee , there was the same lower risk of lethal prostate cancer , '' they say . `` It 's really the coffee ; it 's not the caffeine . ''
Another good thing is that it does n't require decades of heavy coffee drinking to get the benefit . What mattered was how much they drank in the previous eight years .
The Harvard epidemiologist says the coffee effect persisted even after the researchers allowed for the effect of exercise , obesity , smoking and other factors that either raise or lower the risk of prostate cancer .
Neil Martin , a cancer doctor at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston , was impressed with the new findings .
`` Results like these are very appealing for people , '' they say . `` It supports things that they do . ... And I guess I do n't really see the downside of that . I think people should feel empowered about being able to change their risk of diseases . ''
And yes , in this case it is `` diseases '' — plural .
Earlier research suggests coffee reduces the risk of diabetes , liver disease and Parkinson 's disease — possibly because of its insulin-lowering effects , its anti-oxidant qualities and other properties , including some yet to be discovered .
And just last week , Swedish researchers reported that women who drink at least five cups of coffee a day have nearly a 60 percent lower risk of a particularly aggressive breast cancer that does n't respond to estrogen .
Mucci says more research is needed before officially urging people to drink coffee for its health benefits . Meanwhile , they say , `` there 's no reason not to start drinking coffee . ''
And no , they do not take money from the coffee industry .
New to Blue Milk Special ? Start reading from the beginning !
The 501st New England Garrison has some very enterprising and ambitious members as you 'll see in the video below . Meet their Jabba the Hutt puppet–the crazy idea of 501st members Mark and Brian . Their life-size Jabba puppet has gained a bit of attention on YouTube–and deservedly so !
He 's become so popular that Blue Milk Special now joins a number of websites , blogs and tweets in mentioning him . Apparently this deluge of internet hits was enough to get the NEG 's site shut down ! Wait a minute… that 's not what we 're trying to do ! Anyway , check out the the 501NEG 's Jabba the Hutt website and “ like ” their Facebook page while you 're at it .
Blue Milk Special passes 1000 fans on Facebook !
Speaking of Facebook , thank you to everyone who helped us pass the milestone of 1000 fans . I always feel weird about people on Facebook turning it into some sort of popularity contest , but this was really a long time coming for us . There are a great deal of Star Wars fan pages on Facebook and many of them well over 1000 ( including other fan creations like ourselves ) . Having taken so long to really build a following , it 's nice to have the feeling that we might not be as awful as we sometimes think . I 'm not kidding either . When you 're writing something that YOU think is funny , there 's always the fear that you 'll be the only one laughing .
The Geeks of Doom blog site ( also with their own Facebook fan page ) wrote a review about Blue Milk Special which you can read on their site . We have n't had many reviews and its always a thrill to read one which does n't tear us to pieces for our somewhat unorthodox and chronological parody of the films and spin-off material . Thanks Geeks of Doom !
Maruti has overtaken parent company Suzuki by earning more revenue than the latter . This is the first time that this has happened . Maruti 's net revenues for last year stood at Rs . 66,909 crore while Suzuki finished last year with only 60,047 crore as revenues . Maruti 's sales is also much higher than that of Suzuki . Maruti sold 15.65 lakh cars last year while Suzuki sold only 6.39 lakh cars .
Another thing to be noted is that Maruti 's growth is higher than that of Suzuki . Maruti 's sales have jumped from 14.29 lakh cars to 15.65 lakhs while Suzuki of Japan has grown from 6.3 lakhs to 6.39 lakhs . RC Bhargava , the Chairman of Maruti is not surprised at the excellent performance of their company . Here is what they had to say ,
Our car sales have been higher than Suzuki Japan but their per-unit price is higher than us . Their home market sales have not grown during the past 2-3 years .
Maruti is now Suzuki 's most important unit in the world . The royalties that Maruti pays to Suzuki contributes to a whopping 52 % of the Japanese company 's profits . Last year , Maruti paid 3,848 crore rupees to Suzuki as royalty , and this figure is increasing every year as the Indian company 's sales are growing .
Maruti has now even started exporting cars to Japan – Suzuki 's home market . This indicates the high quality levels of Maruti cars as Japan is a very demanding market in terms of quality . The made-in-India Baleno was the first car that was exported to Japan . In the future , Maruti is expected to export more car models to Japan as building cars here is much cheaper than doing so in Japan .
Suzuki has also shifted a lot of research and development operations to India . For example , the Vitara Brezza was designed and developed in India , using Maruti 's R & D facilities . Eventually , we expect to see most Suzuki cars to be developed here .
Via MoneyControl
First OTA Update For Android N Beta Devices Rolling Out Now
The first of what I expect to be a few updates up until release are rolling out the Nexus Family and Pixel C now . The build number for all other devices minus the Nexus Player and Nexus 9 are NCP56W . The Nexus Player 's build is NCP56R and we assume it 's bug fixes and performance enhancements as usual . You have to be enrolled in the Android beta program to get the OTA , but Google says you 'll be able to do that even if you flashed the first image . You can still flash the new image even if you 're still on Marshmallow .
Anthony Garera Anthony is usually tinkering with everything and anything because there 's always one more thing to do , reviewing games and apps and complaining about things normal people do n't think about . More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Gianforte 's federal disclosure shows they hold $ 2.5 million in stock in 12 pharmaceutical companies Recently released personal financial records show New Jersey multi-millionaire Greg Gianforte is making millions in profits off of investments they have in 12 big pharmaceutical companies , including a number of multinational corporations . “ New Jersey multi-millionaire Greg Gianforte clearly has a conflict of interest that raises questions about why they want to run for Montana 's U.S. House seat in the first place , ” said Nancy Keenan , Executive Director of the Montana Democratic Party . “ If Greg Gianforte is making money off of higher drug prices , we know that they wo n't be fighting for Montanans ' interests when it comes to negotiating health care costs . ”
Greg Gianforte owns $ 2.5 million in stock in 12 pharmaceutical companies including Bristol Myers Squibb , Pfizer , Merck & Company Inc. , CSL , Abbvie , Novartis , Novo Nordisk , Shire PLC , Takeda , Taro Pharmaceutical industries , Allergan PLC and Bayer AG . The companies have come under fire for inflating drug prices increasing health care costs for hard-working Americans . In addition , many of Gianforte 's companies have lobbied against changing the way Medicare reimburses doctors for expensive drugs , which has resulted in increased costs for seniors .
U.S. House candidate , Rob Quist has spoken out against the high prescription drug costs saying pharmaceutical companies are putting profits before people .
AN : Named after a fitting Pink Floyd song . Prepare for a trip . And as always , enjoy and review !
Thanks to Spartacus400 on the RWBY Wikia for beta reading .
Disclaimer : RWBY is a product of Rooster Teeth Productions , LLC . All characters are owned by Rooster Teeth Productions , LLC .
Chapter 11 : Brain Damage
It was cold . Everything was cold . Them head felt like they had survived a car crash . Them body was drained . Opening their eyes , all their blurry vision could depict was their hand on the metal floor and the underside of a bunk . The emergency lights flashed themselves in sync with an alarm . The room faded between darkness and a dim red , just bright enough for a normal human to see .
They pulled at their muscles , using whatever energy they obtained to sit up . They blinked a number of times at the sight they saw before her , hoping it was a mirage . Them partner was not in their bunk , but was replaced by a pool of crimson . It leaked off the red-soaked cot onto the white floor . A thick trail of blood lead to the extended ladder in front of her , then left another puddle .
Something in the back of their head told them to keep going ; to not worry about the blood on the cabin interior . Them hand reached out for one of the rungs of the ladder and strained their weak form to pull themselves up . They wavered , but was steady , nonetheless . The palm of their hand felt unusually warm to be holding onto a cold piece of metal . Fearfully peering down at their digits , they turned over the appendage , revealing a new dark red coating . Unwanted memories triggering in its sight , but they had to ignore them . They had to push on .
Looking up into the tube above her , their eyes shimmered . The channel , like the room they stood in , was covered in splatters and streaks of crimson . They flinched as a red drop fell onto their cheek . They wiped the blood off their face , though that only spread it thinly across their skin . Every fiber of them being told them not to scale the grim scene . But their partner was missing . And their presumed blood plastered against the walls . They grabbed the ladder and moved on . Like they always do .
They held their breath and kept their eyes forward as they ascended . Them jaw tightened every time they felt blood contact their skin . Memories clouded their vision with tears . All the blood they saw , all of it that was on her , all of it that flooded the floor . The spacecraft seemed to be oozing red from between its plates and panels . The ladder was almost too slippery to climb , their hands and feet drenched in the liquid life source . They tilted their head up , seeing only a few more feet to go , as well as the menacing turquoise tank .
Them nails scratched the floor of the fuel tank modules . Them muscles burned as they pulled themselves up out of the tube and onto the grid wire catwalk . Once their feet were planted , they realized the tank had changed . It was covered in fuel gauges top to bottom , all reading that the tank was empty to its last drop . Them body felt weak , yet also enraged , as they looked the tank up and down . They raised a hard fist , ready to assault the fuel container .
`` Happy birthday ... to you… '' A twisted voice broadcasted through the intercom , causing the woman to stop in their tracks , `` Happy birthday ... to you… ''
They turned to look at the entrance of the command capsule ; dropping their fist . Them soles were quiet against the metal walk . The crimson trail had reappeared in the dim light , trailing from the tube they came from , to the door controls , and then under the door itself . Reaching their index finger out and to the button , they tapped it and quickly retracted . The door slid open , revealing nothing but the continuation of the trail into the tunnel .
`` Happy birthday to the monster ... Happy birthday ... to you… '' The demonic song played on repeat .
Them body rattled as they approached the final door . Them heart beating out of their chest . Fear wrapping itself around their frame . They triggered the door controls , the door was pulled right . Inside the command capsule was nothing . Nothing . The blood path ended there .
They stepped inside , checking their peripherals before pressing on . A hand was set on their aviator chair as they leaned forward , examining the dashboard . Extending out a pair of loose digits , they flipped a few switches , stopping the alarm , though the power decided to not come online . They tried the switch again . And again . Until something dropped onto their cheek . They felt its warmth .
Them spine locked up and held their breath once again . They turned and craned their head up . And screamed . There was their partner , severed into bloody pieces , pinned to the ceiling by knives . They stared at the blade between the woman 's dead blue eyes . The twinkle in their azure iris replaced with fright and death .
`` Weiss ! '' They cried out .
`` Happy birthday ... to you ... Happy birthday ... to you… '' The intercom sang .
The engineer 's butchered , pale form was spotted with dirt and gravel . Barely any blood spilled out of the open wounds , completely drained . The only thing dripping off of the mutilated corpse was a thin , clear liquid . More and more of the fluid seemed to fall off . The room filled with a new smell , an aroma that they recognized very easily ; gasoline . At the exact second they discovered what the liquid was , their partner burst into flames , scorching the ceiling of the capsule .
`` Blakey ... Blakey ... Blakey ... you thought you could run from me ? '' A deep voice threatened .
Looking down from the grim , fiery scene , they saw another terrifying spectacle . Standing in the doorway , stood their father . Them living , oxygen breathing father . They wore a simple , clean flannel shirt and a clean pair of blue jeans , the same outfit they wore when Blake had done the deadly deed . They stepped forward toward their daughter , whom took a step back in return .
Them amber eyes wide in fear and disbelief , `` No , you 're dead ! I-I burned your body ! ''
`` You were always so sure of things , Blake . '' An evil grin strewed across their face .
`` You did this to her ! '' They shouted , glancing up at their burning friend , `` You did this , you monster ! ''
They chuckled , `` Did I , Blake ? '' They tilted their head , raising their brow , `` I have no blood on me… , '' They leaned in to accent their next point , `` I 'm not the one holding the red knife… ''
They peered down , seeing the blood staining their jumpsuit . Them crimson painted hands shook in an adrenaline rush . Them digits wrapped around the handle of a bloody knife , the same blade they had used on their father . The weapon was dropped with a gasp , it clinked against the flooring .
`` No ... No ! '' They screamed
`` Yes ! Yes ! '' Them father chanted back
`` No ! No !
`` NO ! '' Blake sprung forth from their bed , shouting at the top of their lungs until they were reduced to a pant . Weiss was immediately awoken from their slumber by their loud partner . They darted across the cabin , standing over their bunk .
`` Blake , '' They got the panicking woman 's attention quickly , `` A-Are you ok ? ''
Blake spun their head around and as soon as those azure eyes , with a twinkle in their iris , they sunk into Weiss ' arms ; sobbing . A sad sigh came from the engineer 's lips before they gently wrapped one arm around the frightened woman . Them free hand did its best to comfort the faunus , stroking their hair and scratching behind the feline ears . They bit their lip and glanced out the resting quarter 's viewport ; maybe this mission was beginning to take its toll . The terrified aviator just hugged their partner ever so tighter , leaving very little room to breath . But Weiss did n't dare complain or move a muscle , letting the other 's emotions ride themselves out in the form of tears soaking the cobalt uniform .
`` I-I ... I-I ... Y-You ... B-Blood… '' Blake muttered from their stuttering jaw .
Weiss looked down at their partner , still caressing their scalp , `` I know , I know ... it 's ok now , I 've got you… ''
`` I ... saw ... y-you ... I saw ... h-him… '' Blake stared down at the metal floor , the clean , white metal floor , `` H-He told me ... He told me… ''
`` That you ca n't run from me . '' A different voice .
Instantly within a blink , Weiss ' jumpsuit turned to an old pair of blue jeans ; the hand scratching their head felt much bigger and rougher . Blake was immobile , petrified like a scared animal .
`` And I was n't lying , my dear daughter . ''
Blake repelled backwards , plastering their spine to the wall . Wide amber eyes were shaky at the sudden presence of their father . Signals in their brain told them to jump and run , and they did . Nearly tripping over themselves as they dashed for the module door . They had to get to a place where they could n't get to them
Them fingertips frantically pressed the green button on the door 's panel . Glancing over their shoulder only revealed their father slowly stepping through the habitation unit , whistling like it was a peaceful walk in the park . Beads of sweat trickled down their forehead ; their breathing became uncontrollable as the door 's mechanism decided not to unlock . As their father 's whistling grew louder behind her , the faster and harder they smashed the door controls . Until finally the mechanism accepted their input , sliding right and allowing access . They sprinted through the life support module , past the wall of containers and the chessboard atop the familiar white booth . Them soles skidded themselves to a halt at the end of cabin , ready to enter the next room .
`` Blake ? '' Weiss ' voice . Them sweet voice .
Blake whipped around , eager to meet Weiss ' soothing eyes , but almost went into cardiac arrest . Instead of having twinkling blue orbs stare back at her , a pair of frightened , worried eyes did . A knife was driven into Weiss ' chest , dark spots of red stained the engineer 's jumpsuit , blood still pouring from the wound .
`` Why are you doing this ? '' Weiss asked .
A blink and their father returned , `` You ca n't run from me . ''
`` You ca n't run from this , '' The figment flickered between two ghosts .
The faunus used every amount of control they had to keep themselves from breaking . They blindly punched at the controls rapidly again and again until they heard the door swish open . Running into the lab , their eyes immediately locked with their salvation ; the airlock . The airlock door had already been opened suspiciously enough , though Blake gave it no thought , they had to get safe . When they stepped inside the airlock automatically closed on them They did n't care , they were safe . Them abdomen convulsed as they let out silent , insane laughter .
Turning back to the way they came , they did n't see their father or the impaled ghost of their co-pilot . The only sight that made itself known was the unharmed woman with their digit placed on the jettison switch , crying trails of tears .
Blake 's laughter faded , their emotions twisting back into fright and desperation . They banged their fist on the door 's glass , `` Weiss ! No ! Open this door ! ''
Weiss bit their lower lip , trying to keep themselves from sobbing anymore , `` I-I 'm sorry ... Blake… ''
`` No ! Weiss ! Do n't ! '' Them fist pounded into the door .
`` I 'm sorry… '' Weiss pushed in the button .
`` No , W- ! '' The door shot open into silence . Words were choked from their throat . They tumbled out into the abyss , feeling its freezing temperature as their vision quickly faded .
`` WEISS ! '' Blake shouted , sitting up in their bed once more . They looked down at their shaking hands . They broke down to tears , hugging themselves as tight as possible .
`` Blake ? '' A concerned voice spoke up .
The aviator whipped around to Weiss ' voice . Blake scurried back away from the other woman .
`` Stay back ! '' Blake ordered , absolutely terrified .
Weiss took a step forward , hands up in peace , `` Blake ... It 's ok , you 're awake… ''
Blake pressed them back to the wall , `` I said stay back ! '' Them last command was followed by a hard slap to the face .
`` Snap out of it ! '' Weiss grabbed the faunus by the shoulders , `` What happened ? ''
`` So… '' Weiss glanced over to the fidgety woman across the table from her , `` You dreamed you saw your father , then me chopped up , pinned to the ceiling , on fire ? '' Blake nodded , confirming their summary , `` Then you 'woke up ' to me , but then I was replaced with your dad and switched between them and me as we chased you around the ship and to the airlock . Then , normal me showed up , apologized , thenjettisoned you ? '' The faunus bobbed their head yes .
`` Am I going insane… ? '' Blake looked out the window .
Weiss shook their head , `` I do n't know ... maybe ... probably not . It was most likely just a nightmare . Just a very bad one . ''
Blake took a deep breath and turned to Weiss , `` Would you ... do it ? ''
`` Huh ? '' Weiss ' white brow furrowed .
`` The airlock… '' Blake blinked , `` Would you… ''
Weiss pinched their nail and hung their head , `` No… ''
`` But I thought you said- ''
`` -I know , what I said . '' The engineer cut off , flitting their eyes around the cabin , `` I just ... ca n't lose you . ''
Blake leaned on the tabletop , `` What about all that stuff you said about 'doing what needs to be done ? ' ''
`` That was before I almost lost you ! '' Weiss snapped their focus back to Blake , sniveling with a swallow .
`` When I was watching you float out into oblivion… '' Azure iris fell back to the table , `` The only thing I could think about was that you were going to die . That I was going to lose you . That I was n't going to be able to save you . And that it was somehow my fault , '' They tightened their fist under the table , `` It was then I realized how important it was that we stay together . It was then I realized how much I needed you ... and how much you needed me , that we were the only things keeping each other going . '' They looked out the viewport , '' It was then I realized I could sacrifice myself for you . '' Azure and amber locked with intense seriousness , `` It was then I realized how much I cared about you , because you were the one and only being to understand , because I could n't let you die like that , Blake . Not without finishing the fight… ''
`` ... Not ever . ''
CAN YOU FEEL THE SHIPPING ? !
Love ,
~Vox
Bernie Sanders ' campaign burst on the Democratic scene from out of left field and at one point looked like they might Barack Obama Hillary Clinton for the nomination , but on Thursday , the Vermont senator announced they had an announcement to make . It 's been a long campaign , and Hillary Clinton bested them on every conceivable metric—albeit narrowly in some—other than the party-liquefying convention nuclear option to which Sanders does n't have the codes anyway . So , on Thursday night , the Vermont senator gathered friends , loved ones , and supporters around the country to huddle around a live video feed to humbly announce : He 's still running for president .
To be fair , Sanders hinted that soon they will be done and their “ role ” will change in a “ very short period of time , ” but they notably stopped well short of even remotely ending their campaign or endorsing Hillary Clinton . In addition to their standard stump speech , here 's what Sanders had to say about their future :
The major political task that we face in the next five months is to make certain that Donald Trump is defeated and defeated badly . And I personally intend to begin my role in that process in a very short period of time .
But defeating Donald Trump can not be our only goal . We must continue our grassroots efforts to create the America that we know we can become . And we must take that energy into the Democratic National Convention on July 25 in Philadelphia where we will have more than 1,900 delegates .
I recently had the opportunity to meet with Secretary Clinton and discuss some of the very important issues facing our country and the Democratic Party . It is no secret that Secretary Clinton and I have strong disagreements on some very important issues . It is also true that our views are quite close on others . I look forward , in the coming weeks , to continued discussions between the two campaigns to make certain that your voices are heard and that the Democratic Party passes the most progressive platform in its history and that Democrats actually fight for that agenda . I also look forward to working with Secretary Clinton to transform the Democratic Party so that it becomes a party of working people and young people , and not just wealthy campaign contributors : a party that has the courage to take on Wall Street , the pharmaceutical industry , the fossil fuel industry and the other powerful special interests that dominate our political and economic life .
To the consternation of Democratic party officials—and glee of Sanders supporters , many of whom double as armchair constitutional lawyers—Sanders has continued on even after Clinton surpassed the required number of pledged delegates and superdelegates to secure the nomination . Even before Thursday 's address , Sanders ' tone on their future plans had softened after previously pledging to contest Clinton 's nomination at the convention , but they have held out on fully endorsing their ( former ? ) rival in a bid to impact the party platform and more firmly anchor the party where they dragged it , sometimes kicking and screaming , during the primary process .
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 Democratic primary .
Updated to Version 3c
Description
Version 3 Update ( 05/10/15 ) Door can be set to always allow a list of up to 8 sims to use them . Selecting individual sims can be done with the `` Never Lock For ... '' menu selection Never Lock For will not automatically set or change any other lock settings - to use the most commonly desired feature , see the Allow Only Chosen Sims option in Quick Locks below The sim picker dialog will be sorted with currently selected sims first , then the current household , followed by all sims . The list is then sorted by last name and first name . A `` Quick Locks '' menu has been added which can be used to quickly set a specific lock style , options include : Allow Only Current Sim - Turns on Lock For All and adds the current sim on the Always Allowed list Allow Only Chosen Sims - Turns on Lock For All and allows up to 8 sims to be chosen for the Always Allowed list Allow Children Only - Turns on Lock for Young Adults , Adults , and Elders Allow Young Adults and Older - Turns on Lock for Children and Teens A copy/paste feature is also available in the Quick Locks to quickly duplicate a lock style , including any chosen sims Locks can be turned on and back off without clearing any settings The mod will now re-evaluate an age lock automatically whenever a sim ages up The mod will no longer attempt to lock doors for ghosts or Grim
Version 3 Update ( 05/10/15 ) A bug has been reported concerning visitor doors and switching control back and forth between sims on different lots locking out the wrong household . The glitch is only temporary and clears up after a reload , full details in this post
Princemajik has uploaded a mod review on YouTube which discusses how to properly install the mod .
Version 2a contains a bugfix for the age filters which were not working for young adults and older sims . Also several translations have been added ( details in credits below ) .
Version 2 Update ( 04/11/15 ) : This is pretty well tested , but a LOT of changes were made under the hood so there may be new bugs . There should n't be any game breaking bugs , but the old version v1b will continue to be available for a while just in case . Gave the menus a complete overhaul due to all the new options . The internal lock states have changed completely , so any doors you have locked on a lot will be reset to unlocked . If you downloaded the bathroom doors add-on , any of those doors will automatically translate to the default gender locks for that door . You do not need to download a new version of the bathroom doors . Locks can now be locked to all sims , or filtered Filters are available for all ages , genders and retail roles ( employees and customers ) Filters can be combined in any combination , so some pretty creative ( and many very useful ) door locks can now be made ! For instance : Lock out employees and customers ( but not regular visitors ) Lock out just children , teens and elders ( allowing only young adults or adults ) Lock out customers or visitors , but not employees ( the employee break room ) Added a convenient menu option to reset all filters , which will leave the lock `` on '' but will effectively make it unlocked until you add new filters Unfortunately , the menu changes made all existing translations obsolete , so I 'll need new ones .
Version 1b Update ( 04/09/15 ) : Includes the new Spanish translation , the full list of translations is below in the Additional Credits . Removes the lot ownership requirement so that you can set locks on doors at venues or at any visited lot . An add-on is also available which includes recolors of the Featureless Fiberglass Door to provide bathroom doors which are locked by default for the appropriate gender . Custom Content designers can reference the same object tuning instances used by these doors to produce their own doors .
To lock a door or gate , just click on it and Enable Lock . To lock an arch , you must target the arch itself , not the blank space in between .
New locks will default to locking the door for all sims . To change the lock style , click on a locked door and select a new lock type .
Once a lock type is set , disabling and re-enabling the lock will preserve the lock type you set previously .
Doors can be set to lock out ... All sims ( the default ) Visitors only Male sims only Female sims only Children only
The lock state for each door is saved with the lot , so when reloading the lot the locks will be set the way you left them .
Locks generated by sim roles ( maids , ungreeted visitors , etc . ) are not affected by the mod . Maids are considered visitors , so a lock can effectively prevent them from snooping around where you do n't want them .
Sims will try their best to route around locked doors . Eventually they will give up and shrug .
If a sim has already decided on their route to a location , locking a door on their chosen path will be ignored until the next time they try to find a route somewhere .
As with any mod , there may be bugs ! I ran the mod through some pretty rigourous testing , the final version was tested for at least two hours of locking doors , changing locks , switching lots , saving/reloading , etc . without exiting or restarting the game , so it seems quite stable . At least as stable as the game itself . If you run into serious problems , you can simply remove the mod and the door locks will be silently eliminated from your game when you reload the game .
I ran the mod through some pretty rigourous testing , the final version was tested for at least two hours of locking doors , changing locks , switching lots , saving/reloading , etc . without exiting or restarting the game , so it seems quite stable . At least as stable as the game itself . Menu translations are graciously accepted and you will be given credit below . Just send me a string table with the proper translation ( s ) .
Installation Instructions and Compatibility
Manual Installation
Additional Credits
Kuree and all the others at Sims4Group who have put together the S4PE tool
Menaceman44 for providing me with a save game file that helped me track down a major bug
Deaderpool for assistance solving some coding errors
Thanks to those who have been kind enough to provide translations : Version 3 Translators : French translation submitted by JakeC0001 Spanish translation submitted by JakeC0001 Some corrections to the Spanish translation submitted by Tracas Brazilian Portuguese submitted by An_dz Chinese translation submitted by egureh German translation submitted by Blackberryzh Some correctionst to the German translation submitted by Michelle.Greenday Italian translation submitted by Zer0_ Dutch translation by Jelle Geerts Russian translation by KuriXarya added in version 3b Polish translation by hubi98 added in version 3b Bathroom Door Translators ( Updated 05/10/15 ) : French translation submitted by JakeC0001 Spanish translation submitted by JakeC0001 Chinese translation submitted by egureh Italian translation submitted by Zer0_ Polish translation submitted by GlossyGem Dutch translation submitted by WhenToBen
Version 2 Translators ( updated April 14 ) : Chinese translation submitted by egureh Swedish translation submitted by letrax Brazilian Portuguese translation submitted by jor French translation submitted by JakeC0001 Spanish translation submitted by JakeC0001 Italian translation submitted by Zer0_ Polish translation submitted by GlossyGem Russian translation submitted by bysnow Dutch translation submitted by WhenToBen
Version 1 Translators : Chinese translation submitted by egureh Swedish translation submitted by letrax Brazilian Portuguese translation submitted by Okuraio French translation submitted by JakeC0001 Spanish translation submitted by JakeC0001
- This is a required update for the Door Locks mod to work with the December 4 , 2015 game patch or later . This fixes the broken sim picker dialog box which began to occur due to changes in the game 's internals . No other changes were made to the mod , so there may be other unknown bugs that have yet to surface - but everything I 've tested is working well again.of the script and package from your mods folder if you upgrade the mod ! Remember you must have Script Mods enabled in your game options , even with the new script file format ! Starting with version 3b of the mod , the new ts4script file format is used for the script . Installation using the Mod Manager will no longer work until it or one of the other mod management programs is updated . Manual installation is a breeze , just drop the package and ts4script files found in thefile you download into your mods folder.Script mods must be enabled in your game options for this mod to work properly.The current version of this mod , version 3c , was written and tested on Windows for The Sims 4 version 1.14.49.1020 ( January 7 , 2016 ) - the mod should work with the December 4 patch as well.There may be older versions of the mod still available , but these are not supported and may be removed at any time.This modfies the XML tuning for doors , gates and arches and can conflict with any other mods that modify these resources . Custom content doors , gates and arches should work properly with this mod as long as they do n't modify the XML , which unless they 're doing something unusual should be the case.The mod modifies several of the games scripts in ways that may not be compatible with other mods.Thefile you downloaded should contain a package file and afile ending in _Script . Unzip both files into your Mods folder , but do not unzip thefile ending in _Script -- that should end up in the Mods folder still zipped.The package file can be placed into a subfolder , however the script file must be placed directly in the Mods folder.Princemajik also discusses how to install the mod in their mod review on YouTube .
Karen Russell , left , and Helen Phillips . Photo by by Michael Lionstar , photo by Andy Vernon
Listen , let me start by saying that I do n't envy anybody who had to write flap jacket copy for Helen Phillips ' debut novel for adults , The Beautiful Bureaucrat . How to describe it ? In a way , The Beautiful Bureaucrat is a sort of urban bildungsroman/existential detective story . Two newlyweds from “ the hinterland , ” Joseph and Josephine , move to a narrow sublet in a city that , like a city in a dream , both is and is not New York . Josephine tries to feel grateful for their job in a windowless compound , where they input an infinite number string into “ The Database. ” Soon after they become employed , their husband begins to disappear for lengthening intervals of time .
While it may have DNA in common with other urban work and life and love stories , with Kafka and Shirley Jackson and Haruki Murakami and the Coen brothers , it really is a new species of tale . It 's a joyride that takes some devastating turns , tracing the Möbius strip of faith and doubt in oneself , and in one 's partner . It 's a very weird , very beautiful , very honest book about the surreal business of working in a city , living in a fertile and dying body , and loving another mortal .
I read this novel in an afternoon , and then I read it again . At 180 pages , its word count is inversely proportional to its distilled , dreamlike power . ( Phillips is also the award-winning author of a wonderfully strange and spare , “ out of hopeful green stuff woven ” short-story collection , And Yet They Were Happy , and a novel for children , Here Where the Sunbeams Are Green . ) A scene where the young couple eats canned chickpeas by candlelight , in Phillips ' hands , becomes fantastical and unsettling ; an office colleague named Trishiffany is at once goofy and menacing , a doctor 's visit discloses a miracle to Josephine in the harshest fluorescence . Readers follow Josephine on a tightrope walk over the abyss , where the stakes are total , and the prose is exuberant and taut , dire and playful . It was huge fun to ask Phillips questions about their first novel via email . –Karen Russell
Karen Russell : I have had the damnedest time describing this novel to people . If you default to mere plot summary , it feels like such a betrayal of the novel 's poetry and mystery . It conveys zero about the book 's marvelous tonal synthesis of light and darkness . How did you handle the impossible “ what is your book about ” question ? And how did the answer change during the years you spent with Joseph and Josephine ?
Helen Phillips : I took to telling people I was writing a “ poetic thriller ” about a woman who gets a data entry job in a big , windowless building and then their husband begins to disappear . That served to both answer and evade the question .
The tricky thing was that I wanted to give my full attention to the precision/intensity of the language , and to the big questions I needed to explore , and to creating a dynamic , engrossing , high-stakes plot with compelling characters . For a long time in the seven-year writing process , those various desires felt at odds . Six years in , I had a baggy , boggy 350-page draft that was unsuccessful on all fronts . ( Even my ever-gracious agent was forced to describe this draft as “ very heavy and bleak. ” ) I nearly abandoned the book altogether . But after a summer spent driving myself and my husband crazy , I decided that I would write one more draft , dammit . I recreated the book from the ground up , halving its length and saving only the phrases and images and scenes that seemed absolutely essential .
We meet Josephine and Joseph in the early days of their marriage , facing their first crisis . What is it about marriage that magnetizes you as a writer ?
In the months leading up to my marriage ( many years ago ! I was only 25 , which seems outrageously young to me now ! ) , I found myself obsessing about death more than ever before . It was the first deliberate thing I 'd done in my life that had an anticipated expiration date of “ When You DIE. ” And the future , which had always flickered with infinite potentiality , now took on a more solid form—I was beginning a particular life rather than vaguely contemplating any number of possible lives . Thankfully , I have not found marriage to be at all the weighty state I thought it might be . But I did set out to explore the relationship between marriage and mortality in The Beautiful Bureaucrat .
Joseph and Josephine are two idiosyncratic personalities who have to negotiate some pretty universal experiences as a couple . If the book is about marriage and work and life and death , in what sense is it also maybe about facelessness/anonymity and collective/individual identity ?
On the one hand , I imagined Josephine and Joseph as an “ everycouple ” of sorts , struggling with those basic , even primal , questions that we all have to answer—Where am I going to take shelter ? Who will care for me , and for whom will I care ? And what are we going to do about the cockroaches ?
On the other hand , it is specificity and idiosyncrasy that make us love a character , and so we must know that Joseph hates movies with happy endings , or that Josephine just wants “ to feel immaculate for a few minutes a day . ”
I often find that it is the moments of the greatest specificity that grant a character the greatest universality—one 's own particular insecurities and quirks respond to a character 's particular insecurities and quirks , different though they may be .
As a longtime New Yorker myself , I thought The Beautiful Bureaucrat does such a superb job of capturing that exhilarating , terrifying vertigo of the first season in a big city . Why did you make the choice to keep the book 's location ambiguous ? I wonder what your own experience was like—did you move to New York ?
The choice to keep the location ambiguous came late in the game , and I owe it to my genius of an editor , Sarah Bowlin , who in the final round of revisions suggested removing the few small references that pegged the story to New York . They found them jarring because they undercut the timeless , placeless setting I had worked so hard to create . For my friendless newcomers ( as for newcomers throughout time ) , the unnamed city serves as both precipice and promise—a place of danger and possibility in equal measure .
I moved to Brooklyn 11 years ago , and spent that first year in a state of bedazzled anxiety . Now I find it hard to imagine ever leaving . Ultimately , the book is a kind of dark ode to city life . The exhilaration of the city , the surprising moments of mercy offered by sighting a hawk in an urban park or overhearing a snippet of tender conversation .
What gave you such insight into the windowless world of “ pinkish , ill-colored ” walls , weekday despair , and data entry ?
For four years I had a job at a public university that involved a ton of data entry during admissions season . I actually liked the job fine , but I always dreaded the busiest time of year , and for those weeks I had to sink into a bit of a bleak zombie state in order to complete the task . ( Also , I did n't have a window . )
Josephine often struggles to get a bead on the attitudes of those around her : “ She could n't read their tone , irritated or charmed , weary or yearning. ” Is Josephine more tone-deaf than other people ? Or do you see Josephine as a person who has a heightened sensitivity to the many fast-moving emotions underlying even a seemingly banal conversation ?
Josephine 's uncertainty in these moments is due not to tone-deafness but , yes , to their perception of multiple simultaneous meanings , of the fragility of language , of the complexity of any single human interaction—all the overlapping , indecipherable layers of give-and-take , push-and-pull , truth-telling and truth-twisting . In this time of disorientation due to the new city/new job/new marital tension , Josephine 's anxiety casts doubt onto all of their assumptions . They have entered a weird world , and they need to be hyper-alert , hyper-attuned , mistrustful of their own first impressions . ( Do n't we all ? )
On a related note , at one point Josephine wonders if their marriage to Joseph is coming to an end , and this seems frighteningly plausible , even though nothing particularly cataclysmic has occurred between them . I wondered if fiction is the zone where you can grapple honestly with all the possibility and flux . Does it require you to be more exquisitely attuned to the fragility of daily life ? Your book reads to me like a Pinard horn—a fetal stethoscope that you hold up not only to Josephine 's life in progress , but to your readers ' lives as well , and by the book 's conclusion , to our entire planet spinning in the darkness .
I love the Pinard horn metaphor—I was trying to make the story spiral outward and inward at the same , toward the most cosmic as well as the most intimate interactions . Do I feel exquisitely attuned to fragility in my daily life ? Certainly . This can be a bit of a hazard as a mother . My fiction brain spins out horrific scenarios while my mother brain looks on with fascinated terror . I try to expunge the wild anxiety of the world—or , to borrow your more positive spin , the glorious precariousness—in my writing so it does n't darken my daily life too much .
Hello Community ,
InvoicePlane 1.4.7 was released two weeks ago , about half a year after 1.4.6 and only with a hand full of improvements . Why ? Because I could n't find any time to work on the software . I have n't touched InvoicePlane 2 for 3 months now and wo n't touch it for next months .
Why I 'm searching for a new maintainer
The problem is that I do n't have much time to spare , not now and not in the future . I 'm working fulltime , have to study for about 6 months every year with heavy exams at the end . I have other hobbies and do n't want to spend the summer sitting at my desk and writing code .
Even If I could find someone who would like to pay me for working on InvoicePlane , I would not be able to spend more time .
Administration and Support
One of the main reasons why I rarely write code for InvoicePlane is that I 'm the only person working on the project . Sure , there are contributors , but only a few with mostly minor improvements or bug fixes .
I spend about 90 % of the time I have for administrative tasks and support . And I have to . There is no way to surpass this responsibility because without a healthy community the project would be doomed . And as I 'm the only person that 's into the app I 'm the only person that 's able to help .
I started InvoicePlane because I wanted to save the project itself and have fun with coding . Now , the project is like a burden to me and I 'm searching for a way to have fun again with what I 'm doing .
InvoicePlane would need a major rewrite
InvoicePlane is not future-proof . It 's currently about 5-6 years old and uses outdated and partly deprecated libraries and frameworks . Major parts of the software are not working perfectly and cause trouble with various system configurations . That 's why InvoicePlane needs to be rebuilded from the ground up .
And I already started with this task . I already did some work on InvoicePlane 2 . But finishing this task would require a developer working full time or at least for 15-20 hours a week for a couple of months .
The future of InvoicePlane
The website , the community forums , the issue tracker and the version backend will stay available .
There will be no updates or bug fixes in the near future for the app itself .
The source code will remain on Github no matter what .
# # # Edit ( 2016-07-29 )
Several users expressed their interest in keeping the project alive . They are discussion what they can do in this thread so you can follow what is happening .
If we find a way to properly split all tasks so nobody get 's overwhelmed with work I may keep my position and continue my work on InvoicePlane .
If you are interested in becoming a new maintainer , feel free to contact me via direct message . You will then be added to the appropriate user group and can join the discussion about the future .
Please take a look at Information for new Maintainers for more information .
Best regards ,
Kovah
25 de novembro de 2015 - 9h38
O mercado editorial ganhou uma nova plataforma nesta terça-feira , 24 . O jornal digital Nexo foi lançado com a proposta de trazer os fatos do cotidiano contextualizados por meio de recursos de design , tecnologia e pesquisa .
O Nexo foi idealizado por Paula Miraglia , cientista social e doutora em antropologia social , Renata Rizzi , engenheira e doutora em economia , e Conrado Corsalette , jornalista que já foi editor de política do Estadão e de cotidiano da Folha de S. Paulo .
“ Nosso objetivo , desde o início , foi criar um modelo editorial capaz de produzir um conteúdo que seja acessível para um maior número de pessoas , por ser claro e explicativo , e também efetivamente rico , proporcionando contexto suficiente para subsidiar a formação de opinião ” , explica Paula Miraglia , em comunicado .
O jornal tem sede em São Paulo e possui 25 profissionais com experiências nas áreas de jornalismo , artes , humanidades , tecnologia , dados , marketing e negócios . O projeto defende uma cobertura jornalística com intepretações equilibradas sobre os principais fatos do Brasil e do mundo , além de novas abordagens para assuntos que estão em debate .
“ O Nexo é dividido em seis núcleos que trabalham de forma integrada . Há uma separação básica entre dois núcleos : um é responsável por política e economia e nacional e internacional , e o outro responde por assuntos variados , que incluem cultura , esporte e cidades , entre outros . Além disso , compõem a redação os núcleos de arte , pesquisa , materiais especiais e tecnologia , que trabalham totalmente integrados ” , diz Paula .
Inicialmente , o conteúdo do Nexo será gratuito , futuramente , existem planos de que seja cobrada uma assinatura de R $ 12,00 por mês para o acesso .
That thermometer reads higher all the time . Drawing by lilmallugirl/Shutterstock
The latest salvo in the War on Reality comes from the U.K. paper the Telegraph , which is a safe haven for some who would claim—literally despite the evidence—that global warming is n't real .
The article , written by Christopher Booker ( who flat out denies human-induced global warming ) , is somewhat subtly titled “ The Fiddling With Temperature Data Is the Biggest Science Scandal Ever. ” In it , Booker claims that climate scientists have adjusted temperature readings from thermometers in Paraguay to make it look like the temperature is increasing , when the measurements off the detectors actually show the opposite . The theme of the article is that scientists “ manipulated ” the data on purpose to exaggerate global warming .
This is nonsense . The claim is wrong . The scientists did n't manipulate the data , they processed it . That 's a very different thing . And the reason they do it is n't hard to understand .
Imagine you want to measure the daily temperature in a field near a town . You want to make sure the measurements you get are n't affected by whether it 's cloudy or sunny—direct sunlight on the thermometer will increase the temperature you measure—so you set it up in a reflective box . Look : Right away you 've adjusted the temperature , even before you 've taken a measurement ! You 've made sure an outside influence does n't affect your data adversely . That 's a good thing .
So you start reading the data , but over time someone buys the property near the field , and builds houses there . Driveways , roads , houses leaking heat … this all affects your thermometer . Perhaps a building is erected that casts a shadow over your location . Whatever : You have to account for all these effects .
That 's what scientists do . That 's what scientists did . They examined the data from these thermometers all over the world , and tried to minimize the impact of outside influences . If they did n't , they would n't be able to trust the data .
How you correct the data is important , of course , and this is where the second claim comes in : Scientists manipulated the data specifically to make it look like global warming is stronger than it really is .
Ah , but we know that 's not true ! A few years ago , an independent group at Berkeley Earth took that same temperature data and re-examined it , processing it in a different way . Guess what they found ?
Yup . The planet 's warming up , and pretty much just as the other scientists had said . You can read more about this in an excellent article by Neville Nicholls , who is an expert in how meteorological measurements need to be adjusted in this way . There 's more at the “ … and then there 's Physics ” blog and at Real Sceptic , and Skeptical Science has an article debunking this as well .
A graph is worth a thousand words . Here are the results of the Berkeley research compared with various other groups :
The recalibrated temperatures by the Berkeley group ( black ) versus various other groups . In the past , measurements are less certain , but in modern times they converge and all trend the same way . Graph by Berkeley Earth
As you can see , there 's virtually no difference . As long as the measurements are processed properly they show what we know , what we 've known , for quite some time : The world is warming up , and it 's warming up rapidly .
So , far from being “ the biggest science scandal ever , ” this is n't even a scandal at all , and is in fact how science works . You ca n't just take raw data off a detector and claim it 's real ; if you do so , then at best you 'd be fooling yourself , and at worst you 'd be trying to fool others . And that 's certainly not how science works .
New programmes at Absolute Radio include an exclusive programme behind the scenes with Muse on their Drones tour .
It 's part of a new summer weekend schedule which also includes extended request shows fronted by Claire Sturgess .
Claire will now host two extended request shows every weekend , from 5-8pm on Saturdays and Sundays .
Absolute Radio Content Director Paul Sylvester said : “ The summer schedule is going to make weekends even more special on Absolute Radio . We 're giving our listeners even more control over what they hear on the station and it 's the perfect holiday or barbecue soundtrack . It 's the most interactive and socially-engaged show on the radio station and Claire is the perfect host ” .
Leona Graham is back to host the Absolute Classic Rock Party at 8pm every Saturday , and Danielle Perry will continue with their Sunday Night Music Club with Q Magazine from 8pm with new music and more live tracks from some of the summer 's gigs and festivals including the Isle of Wight Festival .
The station returns once again to the festival as the official radio partner , broadcasting live all weekend with artist interviews and live , uninterrupted stage sets from the line-up . Pete Donaldson , Sarah Champion , Danielle Perry and Andy Bush will bring all of the latest backstage gossip every day , taking to the air on the Friday night and all day Saturday and Sunday .
On Thursday 28th April at 9pm , Danielle Perry will be gone behind the scenes on the Drones tour featuring exclusive interviews with Muse who 'll reflect on their latest album and life on the road . The two hour documentary will showcase live tracks from their O2 gigs plus some of the songs which have inspired them .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) — Futures on West Texas Intermediate oil , the U.S. benchmark , closed below $ 79 a barrel for the first time since June 2012 . Oil prices remain under pressure from a stronger U.S. dollar and fears Saudi Arabia could announce another price cut .
On the New York Mercantile Exchange , light , sweet crude futures for delivery in December CLZ4 , -0.52 % dropped $ 1.76 , or 2.2 % , to close at $ 78.78 a barrel , the lowest finish for a nearby futures contract since June 28 , 2012 .
December Brent crude LCOZ4 , +0.15 % on London 's ICE Futures exchange fell $ 1.58 to $ 84.28 a barrel . Brent crude is widely seen as the global oil benchmark .
Oil extended an early decline after the Institute for Supply Management 's U.S. October manufacturing index rose higher than expected to a reading of 59 % from 56.6 % a month earlier . Economists surveyed by MarketWatch had forecast a reading of 56.5 % .
The reading fueled gains by the U.S. dollar , with the ICE dollar index DXY , +0.07 % a measure of the currency against a basket of six major rivals , up 0.5 % at 87.315 . The dollar soared versus the Japanese yen USDJPY , -0.02 % temporarily topping ¥114 to trade at its highest level since 2007 . The move higher occurred after the Bank of Japan , on Friday , surprised markets by further expanding its bond-buying program .
A stronger dollar is seen as a negative for commodities priced in the currency because it makes them more expensive to users of other currencies .
Over the weekend , China 's official manufacturing PMI dropped to a five-month low of 50.8 in October from 51.1 in September . Earlier today , HSBC 's private gauge of manufacturing activity in China rose to 50.4 in October from 50.2 in September .
The numbers are consistent with cooling domestic demand and a further slowdown in growth in the fourth quarter as China 's economy is still facing downward pressure , Julian Evans-Pritchard , economist at Capital Economics said .
China is the world 's second-largest oil consumer , and sagging oil demand , due to its slowing economy , has been partly responsible for the slump in global oil prices .
Meanwhile , Saudi Arabia , the world 's biggest oil exporter , will announce its official selling prices for December this week . Last month , it slashed prices , with the deepest cuts for its Asian customers . The price cuts have triggered fears of a price war , which only has served to push global oil prices lower .
“ If there is another aggressive cut for Asia , there will be loud headlines about market share battles and price wars , and it could trigger another downward leg in prices , ” Société Générale 's head of oil research Michael Wittner said .
Speculators have further reduced bullish bets on Nymex crude oil , in the week ended October 28 , Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed . Citi Futures said the latest net long exposure of 174,257 contracts was the smallest since August 2012 .
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day . Subscribe to MarketWatch 's free Need to Know newsletter . Sign up here .
Scott Atchison looks out of place on a 21st Century team . They look old . I mean no disrespect when I say that – yet they look much older than their actual age of 37 . They look more like a guy you would see gracing a baseball card from the 1950s or 1960s . They have a weathered look to them – like someone who works the family farm in the offseason .
Last night in the Game Chatter I mentioned that they looked older than any Met since Julio Franco and that Moises Alou wanted to know who the old guy was . Soon it dawned on me that I did n't know too much about Atchison . So here 's a quick bio on their baseball career .
Atchison was drafted out of high school by the Mariners in the 36th round of the 1994 Draft but elected to go to TCU , instead . It looked like a questionable decision , as they got knocked around their first three years with the Horned Frogs . Following a junior season in which they posted a 7.52 ERA and a 1.82 WHIP , no major league team picked him .
So Atchison returned to TCU for their senior season and put up their best season by far . They went 10-4 with a 2.58 ERA with 115 Ks in 101 IP . It was enough for the Mariners to take them on the 49th round of the 1998 Draft .
They worked their way up Seattle 's farm system and got into 25 games in 2004 and another six in 2005 . Following the 2006 season , they signed as a free agent with the Giants but they were unable to establish themselves in the majors there , either . Atchison then left for a two-year stint in Japan , where they were very effective . Their second season overseas , they posted a 1.70 ERA and a 0.89 WHIP for the Hanshin Tigers .
The last three years , Atchinson split time between Boston and Pawtucket . They had a solid season in 2011 , when they notched a 3.26 ERA in 30.1 IP with the Red Sox . Atchison was enjoying their best season in pro ball last year before they came down with an elbow injury .
After a consultation with Dr. James Andrews , Atchison decided against surgery and they were able to return to the majors in mid-September , after being sidelined for two months . They pitched in five games for the Sox and did not allow a run in 5.1 IP .
However , they were non-tendered by Boston in late November and signed a minor league deal with the Mets in January . Atchison sewed up a spot on the Opening Day roster with a strong Grapefruit League performance . In 11 games , they posted a 2.19 ERA with a 0.97 WHIP while limiting opposing batters to a .200 AVG .
With the Mets ' starters struggling to go deep in games , Atchison has gotten a lot of work early in the season . He 's already appeared in nine games and ESPN has them on pace to pitch in 81 games this year . Atchison had one bad outing in the poor conditions in Colorado , where all three batters they faced came around to score . Other than that he 's been reliable , making it easy for Terry Collins to call their name on a regular basis .
Last year in Boston , Atchison became an extreme ground ball pitcher , as their GB % was a career-high 55.3 % . The trend has continued this year , as Atchison has a 56.7 GB % here in the early going . Pitchf/x shows them as throwing predominantly sliders but in an interview earlier this year with MetsBlog 's Michael Baron , Atchison claimed that it 's more of a cutter than a slider .
Regardless of what you want to call their pitch , Atchison is using it very effectively , getting batters to beat the ball into the ground more often than not . They have not allowed a HR this year and last year they had a microscopic 4.8 HR/FB rate , as they surrendered just two homers to the 200 batters they faced .
In 2012 , the Mets attempted to create a strong bullpen by spending eight digits on relievers . This year Sandy Alderson chose to go a different route , looking to sign experienced pitchers to cheap deals . The three most notable signings of this type were Atchison , LaTroy Hawkins and Brandon Lyon . So far , Atchison has been the best of the lot .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Midfielder Ward-Prowse has been out of action for almost three months after sustaining a fractured foot in a 1-0 win at Swansea City on September 20 .
Centre-back Alderweireld sat out Monday 's 2-1 defeat at home to Manchester United with a hamstring complaint .
However , both players are set to come in contention this weekend , although Morgan Schneiderlin is not expected back until Tuesday 's League Cup quarter-final tie with Sheffield United and Jack Cork - who had two loan spells at Burnley - could be absent for several weeks .
`` James Ward-Prowse is back training with the group , he 's back after their injury , '' manager Ronald Koeman said .
`` He needs more time but they will be in the squad for the two games , because we 'll stay over there for the Saturday game at Burnley then on Tuesday against Sheffield United .
`` He 's one of the 22 players to travel with the team . Maybe he 's on the bench , if not on then they will be on the bench Tuesday .
`` Cork , he 's out for more weeks . Morgan Schneiderlin will travel with the group and we have hopes he 'll be back for Tuesday . Toby Alderweireld will be fit for Saturday . ''
Southampton head to Turf Moor on the back of three consecutive defeats to Manchester City , Arsenal and Manchester United - a run that has seen them slip out of the top four after an excellent start to the season .
And Koeman admits it has been an eye-opening last few weeks against the Premier League 's top teams .
`` We have to learn , because we lost all the three games against the big clubs and you have to learn from that if you want to make the next step , as a player , as a team , as a club , you have to learn about that , '' they added .
`` It 's not always about the way of playing because we played a good game against Arsenal and Manchester United but the result was negative .
`` We created good chances last Monday but we scored only one time and the difference is we did some mistakes and that was n't like us at the start of the season .
`` You know against the big teams they do n't need a lot of chances to scores . That was the big difference between Southampton , Arsenal and Manchester United .
`` They are used to it , they have that experience and we do n't . You have to get that experience . Maybe the next game against Burnley will be different . ''
An Austrian court has rejected an extradition request from Serbia for former Bosnian army general Jovan Divjak , who was suspected of war crimes during the Balkans conflict of the 1990s .
Divjak , who was detained in Vienna in March and had been released on bail during the extradition hearings , was freed after the ruling . The court expressed doubt that the 73-year-old Divjak would be able to receive a fair trial if they were returned to Serbia .
Serbia had been seeking to put Divjak on trial for their alleged involvement in a 1992 attack on a Yugoslav army convoy that was retreating from Sarajevo .
Serbia 's war crimes prosecutor , Vladimir Vukcevic , had rejected criticism that the allegations against Divjak were politically motivated .
Divjak is an ethnic Serb who fought on the side of the Bosnians during the war between the two sides that ended in 1995 .
They are the third highest-ranking Bosnian official arrested outside the country on Serbian warrants for crimes committed during the three-year conflict .
OXON HILL , Md . - Jose Reyes could be switching positions once again .
A four-time All-Star shortstop , Reyes was moved to third base when they returned last summer to the New York Mets , who needed a fill-in for injured captain David Wright . Reyes figures to see action in the outfield during spring training next year .
'' We did n't want to do it last year because we did n't want to have them working in multiple new positions , and I think that was something that they appreciated , '' Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said Monday at the winter meetings .
Reyes was released by Colorado in late June after serving a domestic violence suspension , and they signed a few days later with the Mets , their original big-league team . The 33-year-old hit .267 with eight homers , 24 RBIs , and nine stolen bases .
With Wright due to return from neck surgery , the Mets want to increase Reyes ' versatility .
'' I do n't see any reason why we should n't try that , '' Alderson said . '' And I think it 's something , by the way , that we 're going to try to do throughout the organization , is put guys in different roles so that once they get to the big league level they 're at least familiar with if not proficient in playing more than one position . ''
Recovering from surgery June 16 to repair a herniated disk in their neck , Wright is to resume baseball activities this month . They have been in California , working with a therapist associated with Dr. Robert Watkins , who operated .
While Alderson expects Wright to be their starting third baseman , playing time will be monitored and the Mets have to be stocked with backups . Wright has appeared in just 75 regular-season games during the past two years because of spinal stenosis , neck surgery and a hamstring injury .
'' We have to be careful not to be too thin at that position going into the spring , '' Alderson said .
Bishop Butler wrote in a sermon in 1729 :
Things and actions are what they are , and the consequences of them will be what they will be : why , then , should we desire to be deceived ? [ Sermon 7 ]
It 's an interesting question . Why should we seek to be deceived about the consequences of our actions and the world ? And yet , many people do . Current conservatives take it as a measure of ideological purity that climate change is either not real or something out of our control . They deny evolution . They deny the minuscule danger in marijuana and most drugs and ignore the major danger of tobacco and alcohol . What is going on here ?
A long time ago I worked with a member of the Exclusive Brethren , a sect of the Plymouth Brethren , who are as fundamentalist as it is possible to be . I would try to talk to them about their beliefs , but they simply refused to engage . The Exclusive Brethren have withdrawn from all conversation with the secular world ( which , in their view , includes all other Christians ) except for business . I wondered at how a clearly intelligent person could believe what they believed , and then it hit me : they could n't speak to outsiders , because they just looked at them with their jaw open and shaking their head . Their beliefs isolated them from those outside their community , and therefore , by implication , strengthened their involvement within the community . If you believe silly crap , then the only people you can talk to are those who have the same silly beliefs .
This might help explain why it is that no amount of reasoned argument with evidence can sway such folk . Think of this as a kind of investment : one spends a long period developing one 's beliefs and social connections . If you are challenged in your beliefs , you put at risk your social networks with those who use the silly beliefs you hold as a test of inclusion , and therefore risk your social connections . To start again will cost you time , effort and resources that could be better spent . It takes a real crisis of faith to be forced to reconsider these core beliefs . Few people will find themselves challenged when they are honest , costly and hard to fake signals of community inclusion .
In the case of climate denialism , or creationism , it is not the content or topic of the beliefs that matters , but the fact that in order to hold them and assert them , you have isolated yourself from the external community as a show of faith . To abandon them simply because they are false would cost too much . And so you face up to the cognitive dissonance and rationalise your beliefs and the facts that challenge them .
What does this mean for practical purposes ? How do we counter these false beliefs ? There is no simple answer . In the short term we can insist that our functional bureaucracies and social institutions do not give credence , but that will only harden those who deny the facts in their beliefs . At best it will slough off the fence sitters , and reduce the core denialists to a rump . That is one good thing , but we want people to face reality when it really matters . A better , but longer term solution is to insist that education teaches not the facts , but the methods by which we understand those facts , in order that people can develop their cognitive stances appropriately . This denies the next generation of denialists their replacements , until they become at best an extremely small minority . Education is the solution , which the denialists well understand . This is why we have objections to even discussing these “ controversial ” matters in schools , and why the denialists ( whether of evolution , global warming , or whatever ) continuously try to insert their agenda into public education . An uneducated community is more easily controlled and manipulated .
The development of beliefs is not merely a metaphor : it is a literal developmental process . Just as an organism that has been fed a nutrient poor diet will not fully recover as an adult even if their diet is improved , neither will a conceptually poor education be entirely overcome once someone has reached a reflective equilibrium in their beliefs . If contrary core beliefs cause a crisis in a person such that they do abandon their silly beliefs , they are just as likely to replace them with other silly beliefs rather than more educated and rational beliefs . So the answer in the long term is to ensure that we do not educate people into the wrong beliefs .
As I said ( and as I have argued in my paper “ Are creationists rational ? ” ) simply teaching facts , which are themselves seen as competing belief claims by the believers , will not do . They are just a matter of competing authorities . I will prefer my authorities over yours , no matter how credible they are in objective terms . Instead , we need to give developing minds confidence in the facts , and the way to do this is to show that the methods used , by scientists and other disciplines , work . The way to do that is to have the students do the work themselves and see that they work . After all , of all the inbuilt heuristics we have , we believe our own experience over the reports and instruction of others . Give developing believers confined that the methods work , and they will have confidence in the results of those methods .
I believe , from my own experience , that it would be best to simply make children observers and experimenters , and ignore teaching to tests until they reach mid-adolescence . If they do n't have confidence by then in the propriety of science , it will no longer matter , but if they do n't have that confidence at all , no amount of science education will change the silly beliefs . Nor will science communication ( which , being a form of journalism , is largely about the manipulation of attitudes than information impartation ) , nor campaigns of this or that kind . The silly belief-holder can rationalise these approaches as being the preaching of a competing ( and therefore false ) religion or ideology .
Finally , note that the real reasons people hold the beliefs they do is rarely due to careful consideration of the facts and arguments . This is a form of rationalisation , that which Marx correctly called “ false consciousness ” , and it is usually a matter of social function serving the interests of those who hold the reigns of power . Parenthetically , Marx 's own solution was just as much a false consciousness as that which they critiqued . If we want reasonable people holding true beliefs , because things will be what they will be and we will all be bitten in the arse eventually by reality , then the real solution is to make rational people who can find out and think for themselves .
Late note :
I posted the following on PZ Miskatonic 's Pharyngula as a reply , which may clarify some of the things I have said here :
It was n't about the Plymouth Brethren as such . That was just how I came by the insight .
This is part of what I think of as the Developmentalist Hypothesis of Belief Formation ( the capitals make it true ) . We do not just acquire our beliefs in one step , but accrue them as we develop into adults . There is a cost to this , and so to move someone from their core beliefs and values , you have to make it something that would outweigh the costs involved in acquiring and maintaining those beliefs .
Denialism has a strong function in making communities of those who hold a particular belief more cohesive . As such , one has to ask , why does that community exist in the first place ? As a proto-Marxian I think the reason is about the social and economic functions such beliefs play . Those whose sociopolitical interests are served by denying the facts , either because some influential class benefit , or because there is a deeper underlying fear of modernity or change the community represents , need these beliefs to defend their own ( imagined ? ) way of life . The reason , for example , why many conservatives vote against their objective interests , has to do with their loss of community and cognitive investment if they change . The “ narrative ” they have developed to justify their beliefs is what Marx called “ false consciousness ” , and so pointing out the harm they do to themselves will not be effective . If we want to shift what the population believes to make it more reality-based , simple engagement , as valuable as it is , will not be widely effective .
Two consumer interest groups are asking Facebook to withdraw its proposed changes that would , among other issues , remove the ability for users to vote on modifications to Facebook 's data usage and privacy policies . The company also wants to change how you filter incoming messages on Facebook , and Facebook wants to freely share user data between companies it owns , such as Instagram .
The Center for Digital Democracy and the Electronic Privacy Information Center said in an open letter to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg that the planned changes “ raise privacy risks for users , may be contrary to law , and violate [ Facebook 's ] previous commitments to users about site governance. ” The social network may have been trying to slip the changes under the radar , announcing them the day before Thanksgiving .
Do you really want the vote ?
Facebook was lauded for its decision in 2009 to introduce site governance voting , but the right to vote on policy changes has been largely ignored by the majority of Facebook 's members . The most recent vote was in June when 0.1 percent of Facebook 's then more than 900 million users bothered to vote on a set of proposed privacy policy changes .
Among those who voted , only 13 percent supported Facebook 's new privacy policy . Despite that largely negative reaction , the company only considers a user vote binding if 30 percent of the social network 's users participate , a bar the vote fell far short of achieving . “ A very very small minority of people that use Facebook voted , which was pretty disappointing from our point of view , '' Facebook spokesperson Jaime Schopflin told IDG News in June . “ We 're realizing that this is a process that does n't work. ” It 's not clear whether Facebook is particularly proactive in encouraging users to participate in the voting process whenever proposed changes arise .
The Center for Digital Democracy and the Electronic Privacy Information Center say that even though Facebook 's voting requirements set an “ unreasonably high participation threshold ” at least the right to vote was in place . Dumping the vote “ raises questions about Facebook 's willingness to take seriously the participation of Facebook users , ” the two groups said . If Facebook does dump the vote it would be particularly damaging for the privacy information center ; the group was instrumental in getting Facebook to reverse a set of privacy changes in 2009 that resulted in Facebook instituting the site governance vote for users .
Filtering Facebook 's message
Facebook also wants to remove the “ Who can send you Facebook messages ? ” control that lets you decide who can contact you on Facebook . The setting is currently buried in your privacy settings under “ How You Connect. ” The messages setting would be replaced by what Facebook calls “ filters for managing incoming messages. ” The Center for Digital Democracy and the Electronic Privacy Information Center are concerned that changes to Facebook Messages could result in users receiving more spam , a popular method of attack for malware on Facebook . It 's not clear whether Facebook 's new messaging filters would be part of the newly revamped Facebook Messages window or if the changes would be part of your privacy settings .
Instagram affiliation
Facebook also wants the ability to share user information with “ businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Facebook is part of. ” These businesses would be referred to as “ Affiliates ” and would most certainly include Instagram , the popular photo-sharing service Facebook acquired in 2012 , which currently operates independently from Facebook .
The Center for Digital Democracy and the Electronic Privacy Information Center believe the “ affiliates ” designation in Facebook 's data use policy is an attempt to merge user data between Facebook and Instagram . The groups argue merging user data could violate Facebook 's recent privacy settlement with the Federal Trade Commission . Facebook 's FTC agreement requires that the social network obtain users ' express consent before sharing their data beyond what their privacy settings allow .
The privacy groups also argue that Facebook 's changes amount to the company reneging on its original intention to operate Instagram independently of Facebook . “ We plan on keeping features like ... the ability to not share your Instagrams on Facebook if you want , and the ability to have followers and follow people separately from your friends on Facebook , ” Zuckerberg said in August after Facebook 's Instagram buy cleared regulatory hurdles .
But whether users will be bothered by a potential Facebook-Instagram data merge is unclear . Many users already share their Instagram photos on Facebook and Twitter . And a large number of Instagram users have wide open Instagram accounts that are viewable by almost anyone thanks to Instagram 's new Web-based profiles . One potential problem would be if your Facebook data began appearing on Instagram without your consent , but it 's not clear whether Facebook 's new data sharing policy would go that far .
If you 'd like to read Facebook 's proposed changes , you can find them on the Facebook Site Governancepage .
This is the second time Facebook has introduced a major policy change during a holiday weekend . The first was in early 2011 when the company announced third-party home address sharing on its developer blog right before Martin Luther King Jr. Day . Facebook was forced to reverse its home address sharing plans just days later because of public outrage .
Ofcom is set to spend £6m implementing the controversial Digital Economy Act over the next year , Freedom of Information request has revealed .
The request , made by Slightly Right of Centre , also revealed that Ofcom has spent £100,000 investigating the practicality of web-blocking provisions at the behest of the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
`` In 2010/11 Ofcom spent £1.8m and in 2011/12 plans to spend £4m . This includes work across all activities in relation to the copyright infringement prevention measures of the Digital Economy Act 2010 , '' the watchdog said .
`` Ofcom has spent £0.1m on the report to review the potential efficacy of
the site-blocking provisions of the Digital Economy Act . ''
Ofcom added that it expects to recoup much of the cost from copyright holders once the legislation is in place .
`` The apportionment of costs for the online copyright infringement provisions ... including Ofcom 's costs and those of an appeals body , will be borne by copyright holders and internet service providers on an ongoing basis , '' Ofcom said .
`` Copyright owners and internet service providers would also be liable to pay Ofcom costs incurred prior to the commencement of the scheme . ''
However , TalkTalk and BT are currently taking their legal challenge against the Act to the Court of Appeal after the initial judgement found in favour of the government .
If that were to occur , it seems that Ofcom would be out of pocket to the tune of £1.9m .
V3.co.uk contacted Ofcom for further information on this issue but had received no reply at the time of publication .
The Digital Economy Act was recently criticised by a UN report which claimed that it falls foul of basic human rights and should be repealed .
Ivanka Trump is using their position in the White House to solicit foreign donations for a new fund that will supposedly benefit women and girls around the globe . But they have not disclosed the specific purpose and structure of the fund , nor any ethical guidelines governing its operation , raising serious concerns about this new venture .
Ivanka Trump “ has begun building a massive fund that will benefit female entrepreneurs around the globe , ” and that “ countries and companies will contribute ” to the effort , according to a report from Axios . While details about the fund have not been made public , several countries and corporations “ have already made quiet commitments . ”
Trump is working as a special adviser to their father , and while their position is unpaid , their office and its various functions are being financed by taxpayers . After criticism , Trump said they would comply with ethics policies that apply to paid employees .
Trump spoke in Germany in their official capacity on behalf of the White House , and discussed the issues their fund will reportedly address .
WTF ? “ The problems are identifiable .. the solutions and the tactical means to get to the right outcome will differ .. This is a robust dynamic ” pic.twitter.com/dYdm5EvJvE — Tommy Christopher ( @ tommyxtopher ) April 25 , 2017
TRUMP : There 's a lot of wood to chop , and we 're not right there — we 're not there yet . And I think one of the interesting things is the problems are identifiable . We know what they look like and they 're the same across the globe , just with varying degrees of severity . The solutions and the tactical means to get to the right outcome will differ . And I think one of the great opportunities we have , as we travel , and as we talk to knowledgeable and informed people is to find out what 's worked in their countries and cultures . I know that Chancellor Merkel , just this past March , you passed an equal pay legislation to promote transparency and to try to finally narrow that gender pay gap . And that 's something we should all be looking at to see the efficacy of that policy as it gets rolled out . So there 's a robust dynamic , and an ever-moving discussion .
Meanwhile , Donald Trump 's State Department reportedly intends to cut funding for the Office of Global Women 's Issues , which works to promote and support women around the world .
The details of Ivanka Trump 's fund have not been released publicly , but apparently , they are already soliciting donations for it . This presents yet another ethical black hole , as it is unclear what they have promised foreign entities in exchange for funds , and whether they are soliciting them in their official capacity as a White House adviser . The Trump administration already faces a lawsuit over foreign influence peddling .
Ivanka Trump 's solicitation of funds in this manner is a real-world example of what Donald Trump and many Republicans accused Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation of during the presidential campaign . But unlike this new fund , there was considerable transparency with the Clinton Foundation , which was rated “ A ” by Charity Watch , and had a platinum rating from Guidestar . Daniel Borochoff of Charity Watch told CNN the foundation was “ one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation . ”
There are far more questions than answers about Ivanka Trump 's new venture , though . What guidelines are in place to govern who the money influences , or whether donations are being made in exchange for changes in administration policy ?
At the same time , the Trump White House continues to be plagued by multiple avenues of corruption , where influence peddling has become commingled with official U.S. government business .
Both Trump and their husband , Jared Kushner , continue to play fast and loose with ethical concerns about their White House positions , and the solicitation from foreign entities to fund a vaguely described enterprise founded by the first daughter while working for the White House does nothing to minimize such concerns .
If you 've been looking for a full , 5-row keyboard experience on your Android device , then look no further - Hacker 's Keyboard may fit the bill perfectly . HK is really designed to be used with apps like ConnectBot for SSH since it features working Tab , Ctrl , Alt , Esc , and arrow keys , but it 's worth noting that this keyboard may not work properly with all apps . The reason for this is because some apps may not recognize the additional keys , as they were n't built to handle that type of virtual input .
However , if you experience any other problems while using this app , the developer requests that you file a bug in the issue tracker so they can work on a resolution .
Hacker 's Keyboard is free in the Android Market and works on any 2.2+ device .
Traffic sucks . Congestion is bad for the environment , health ( see : Beijing ) , and maybe most importantly , our sanity . One solution gaining in popularity amongst urban governments is the congestion charging scheme , in which drivers pay a toll to enter designated downtown areas . London , Stockholm , and Milan all have such systems in place , and New York came close to trying it out in 2007 . Those efforts are all whippersnappers compared to Singapore 's program , which was introduced in 1975 . Over the past few decades , the city-state has upgraded the system , which now uses radio transmitters to detect cars entering designated areas .
But two MIT researchers think they 've got a better way of doing things . They 've tested out a new method—and won an award doing it—that eliminates the need for the cameras and sensors in the streets that see where cars are going . That makes the system as a whole much more flexible and useful , since borders can be changed on the fly to reflect actual traffic conditions . As an added bonus , the system does n't just penalize drivers for entering certain zones , it helps them avoid them altogether .
The “ RoadRunner ” system , developed for Singapore by graduate student Jason Gao and their advisor Li-Shiuan Peh , issues a digital `` token '' to each car entering a congestion-prone area . Once a given number of tokens are assigned , a car ca n't enter unless another vehicle leaves . Everyone else gets turn-by-turn directions to avoid the area . In computer simulations using data from Singapore 's Land Transit Authority , Gao and Peh saw an 8 percent increase in average car speed during periods of peak congestion . They also did a small scale test in Cambridge , Mass . to prove the technology works .
> “ You could do one thing for a month and test it out and then change it without having to dig up roads . ”
The exact details about how pricing would work are n't important just yet . What 's innovative about RoadRunner is the way it liberates the tracking system from infrastructure . Singapore now requires all vehicles to have a dash-mounted transponder , which is read by radio transmitters on gantries ( overhead structures like the ones that hold road signs and traffic lights ) built at entry points to congestions zones . Gao and Peh fit cars with transponders roughly the size of a standard electronic-toll device like E-ZPass or FasTrak . They run on 802.11p , a standard similar to Wi-Fi but with a larger broadcast range , and communicate wirelessly with a central server . It may be possible to embed the technology directly into cell phones in the future .
The big advantage to this system is that urban planners can actively manipulate the location of congestion zones in real time , without the need for construction . “ With our system , you can draw a polygon on the map and say , ‘ I want this entire region to be controlled , ' ” Gao says . “ You could do one thing for a month and test it out and then change it without having to dig up roads or rebuild gantries . ”
That flexibility `` has some very interesting implications , '' says Sarah Kaufman , adjunct assistant professor of planning at New York University and digital manager at the NYU Rudin Center for Transportation . `` It could help to re-route drivers around major temporary events ( such as UN sessions here in NYC that gum up traffic quite a bit ) . '' Tolling can be adjusted based on changing road priorities . The bit about the directions to avoid the demarcated zones is less impressive , Kaufman says . “ The problem I see is that a lot of people are not driving through congested areas , but to them . Because congested areas are where their jobs are . ”
Gao and Peh 's research landed them one of the best paper awards at the Intelligent Transportation Systems World Congress last week . French transportation expert Jean Bergounioux says RoadRunner is “ worth getting into field trial as soon as possible to test and evaluate the feasibility of its industrial development and deployment . ''
| | Share :
The world 's population will grow from 7.6 billion this year to 9.8 billion in 2050 , with India , Pakistan , and seven other countries accounting for half of that increase , the United Nations has projected .
The countries driving population growth are India , Nigeria , Congo , Pakistan , Ethiopia , Tanzania , the United States , Uganda , and Indonesia , the UN said .
India , which currently has 1.3 billion inhabitants , is expected to replace China , which now has 1.4 billion , as the world 's most populous country within seven years .
While fertility levels are declining nearly everywhere , the 47 least-developed countries had high fertility rates averaging 4.3 births per woman between 2010 and 2015 , driving their growth .
As a result , 26 countries in Africa are projected to at least double in size by 2050 . Nigeria , with the fastest-growing population worldwide , will overtake the United States in size by then , the UN said .
The concentration of population growth in the poorest countries will make it difficult to ensure young people get enough food , health care , education , and other necessities , the UN said .
Meanwhile , populations in Europe , Japan , and other developed countries will continue aging and declining .
Countries where fertility rates are below replacement level include China , the United States , Brazil , Russia , Japan , Vietnam , Iran , Thailand , and Britain .
An influx of refugees and migrants will only partially compensate for dwindling births , the report said .
Copyright ( c ) 2015 . RFE/RL , Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty , 1201 Connecticut Ave NW , Ste 400 , Washington DC 20036 .
Category : Aviation , General
UDA leader who ordered Belfast hit on Geordie Gilmore linked to 2003 murder of Adair sidekick BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The south east Antrim UDA 'military commander ' who ordered the murder of Geordie Gilmore in Carrick was the chief suspect in the assassination of Shankill UDA thug Alan McCullough . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/uda-leader-who-ordered-belfast-hit-on-geordie-gilmore-linked-to-2003-murder-of-adair-sidekick-35531927.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35531924.ece/fd1a4/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-03-15_new_29449370_I2.JPG
Email
The south east Antrim UDA 'military commander ' who ordered the murder of Geordie Gilmore in Carrick was the chief suspect in the assassination of Shankill UDA thug Alan McCullough .
The 21-year-old was once a foot soldier for Johnny 'Mad Dog ' Adair 's infamous C Coy .
They were part of Adair 's mob when the hardman leader of the SEA 'brigade ' John 'Grug ' Gregg was ambushed and shot dead in Belfast 's docks after coming off the ferry following a Rangers match in Glasgow in February 2003 .
Adair had been trying to take over control of the whole of the UDA at the time , and a feud was simmering being their group and the south east Antrim one .
Adair was held responsible for Gregg 's Mafia-style murder .
McCullough fled afterwards .
But they were lured back by Shankill UDA members who did n't like Adair , and had forged an alliance with the SEA UDA .
Just three months later , back in west Belfast , they were picked up in a car by two UDA gangsters , one from north Belfast , the other from the Shankill .
A week later McCullough 's body was found dumped in a shallow grave on the outskirts of Glengormley .
The two decoys who had driven them there were allegedly asking them to uncover an arms cache hidden away by Adair 's mob .
But a third UDA man lay in wait .
It was him , according to sources , who delivered the coup de grace on McCullough in revenge for the killing of Gregg .
The cold-blooded assassin is now the commander of the SEA 'brigade ' .
He 's based in the Rathcoole estate , a UDA hotbed .
But a veteran loyalist source in Carrick , where Gilmore was murdered at lunchtime on Monday , claimed last night : `` It was that military commander who gave the order that Gilmore had to go .
`` Nothing gets done without passing through him . He 's a real hard chaw . He 's not the Flash Harry type .
`` He 's not a 'brigadier of bling ' type .
`` He does drive a top range car , a BMW . But that 's as far as it goes .
`` And they themselves only answers to one man , the actual SEA brigadier . ''
Last night heavily armed police strategic support units in riot gear again swamped the tinderbox loyalist estates of Carrick in an attempt to prevent any revenge attacks from the Gilmore faction , and to quell any outbreaks of mob rule .
Ironically , again according to sources , the SEA 'brigadier ' himself , a notorious drug dealer and gangster , was `` hiding in plain sight '' .
They were holding court with their mob in a social club run by the UDA on their turf .
`` They all feel they 're untouchable in there : strength in numbers , '' said a source .
`` They 're saying that if any of Gilmore 's supporters , or the cops , try to come and get them , they 're waiting , willing and ready . ''
Ironically , the motto of Rangers Football Club , the team the assassinated SEA 'brigadier ' Gregg supported , is 'Ready ' .
But Gregg was n't the first to be gunned down by their own .
That was another UDA godfather , Tommy Herron , the victim of one of the first internecine feuds way back in 1973 .
The likes of 'brigadier of bling ' Jim 'Doris Day ' Gray and John 'Bonzer ' Boreland , murdered just last August in yet another simmering feud , were to follow .
The UDA 's motto is Quis Separabit : Who Shall Come Between Us .
Now , once again , they only have to look in the mirror to find the answer . Themselves .
Belfast Telegraph
Main Forum Container minimized . Expand Tweet The Streaming Ones September 22nd , 2017 0 replies Rovena Posts : 157 Votes : +113 Level 5 LEVEL 5
You can re-watch the stream on
With a lot of the balance talk , I did not include the numbers because they are all still WIP and will probably change anyways .
Gavin
System and Item designer / engineer
Lately they have been doing a lot work on the Kaidan Dock Containers
They worked on weapons specialties ( his most fun stuff they did in SWL )
Specialties they were working on ( not them alone ) : Chaos , Blood Magic , Elemental , Shotgun
Monster abilities are their specialties
9 out of the 10 new gadgets have been worked on by them
Worked on the NYR too , supporting
Describes themselves as Powergamer / nerd
Plays a lot board games & PC games ( Andy thinks they are great at Overwatch )
Their favorite monster in SWL are the shade stalkers
This Week 's patch
Tokyo beyond the wall just launched on Wednesday
Some Mission items were not working and had to be disabled . They are back now
Bankheist is still disabled due to bugs and wo n't be back before next week probably
Mission item inventory is live
An issue with the inventory counter should be fixed too
Vanity Transfer System is live as well ( Cosmetics from TSW can be transferred ONCE from TSW . No time limit ) Details
Tilty posted a small update
Shipping containers are well received
Docks / Containers in Tokyo
Story : there is a contaminated ship and the infestation is crawling out
There are new monsters and so on
The interesting new ( to Beyond the Wall ) mechanic are the shipping Containers
The containers have Numbers and the Letters ( A , B , C ) on to relate to the keys that drop from Tokyo side missions ( what is a side mission was subject to discussion , they are not 100 % sure )
A is the rarest , C the most common , rarer bosses are harder but give better loot
Opening the container spawns a boss
There are always Anima shards in there , distillates
Other rewards are clothing or gadgets
The persons that used the key gets the loot , even in a group
The Gadgets are all based on myths , things Orochi has been collecting from around the world ( Mesopotamian , Roman , Mayan , Norse , Indian , Chinese , Japanese , Indonesian , Spanish and Native American . One Gadget each . )
The effects and powers are based on the culture / theme of the gadgets
They were not happy with how little they had to reward players to reward them for playing Tokyo
Power level of the bosses is about the same as the other bosses in Tokyo
Next ( Content ) Patch
Tokyo Lair is coming along quite well
The tower will be coming Probably in the first part of October
There will be a new floor most likely , no details though
They might sneak something in that is not on the Roadmap yet
Game mechanics & Balance changes
They are working on AR-Grenades and AoEs in general
AoEs will get the DMG penalties for being an AoE removed , but there will be changes , it still is very much WIP
The penalties have been applied inconsistently , for example Hammer barely had them , while Elementalism and Balde had a lot of it .
The AoE buff will effect Elemental & Blade quite heavily as well
Shotgun changed a lot during the development , from a very tanky to a more hybrid weapon
Armor piercing shot was meant to be useful in groups
Acquiring friendly targets is going to be iterated on but they do n't have details
Healing Player / NPCs outside the group is much discussed but they do n't have a solution yet .
The cursor jumping back to the center of the screen MIGHT be changes so that you can set a toggle so it stays where it was last times
Boss HP in dungeons will probably come down a bit in the E2-E6 , making it a bit smoother
The goal was to have all dungeons to be about the same difficulty , they want feedback on encounters that are standing out as being too difficult ( compared to the others ) , balance is an ongoing thing
Spirit blade will be changed to scale based on the damage the ability used ( more on power abilities , les and basics )
Some passives will get buffed to , Sweeping slice will be triggering on 2+ instead of 3+ hit enemies , Masterpiece will provide a percent based dmg increase to spirit blade , Deluge will trigger on ever other hit , not ever 6th .
Weapon agnostic signets are going to be improved
I listened to this one twice but still feel like I have missed something . Let me know if you remember anything important .
Edit : Fixed a few minor things , thanks to Aerinx from Discord for pointing them out ! Todays stream was hosted by Spynosaurus , Andy and Gavin.You can re-watch the stream on Twitch and I highly recommend doing that . It was a lot of fun , something not well captured in a wall of text.With a lot of the balance talk , I did not include the numbers because they are all still WIP and will probably change anyways.I listened to this one twice but still feel like I have missed something . Let me know if you remember anything important.Edit : Fixed a few minor things , thanks to Aerinx from Discord for pointing them out ! IC Twitter : @ A_Rovena Posted Sep 22 , 17 · OP · Last edited Sep 23 , 17 Like x 3 x 3 List Undo Quick navigation -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Getting Started Forum Announcements Introductions & Departures -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Gameplay Game News & Discussion Builds , Strategies , and Guides -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Cabals & Groups Cabals & Groups Making Connections -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Roleplay Community Content & Lore Single-Author Content Multi-Author Content Character Profiles ( Wiki Redirect ) Community Events RP Workshop Out-of-Character RP Discussion Official Lore Discussion Writing Prompts Tips & Tricks -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Community Off-Topic Chat Other Games Community Creativity
ANAHEIM , CA - JULY 29 : Tyron Woodley poses for a portrait backstage after their victory over Demian Maia during the UFC 214 event at Honda Center on July 29 , 2017 in Anaheim , California . ( Photo by Mike Roach/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images )
Coach Din Thomas reflects on the fallout of Tyron Woodley 's performance at UFC 214 against Demian Maia and hopes things do n't get ugly between Woodley and UFC President Dana White .
Din Thomas has been in Tyron Woodley 's corner long before the current UFC welterweight champion was on anybody 's radar . Throughout the years , Thomas has helped mold Woodley into the explosive champion that sits atop the UFC 's welterweight division today .
On Saturday at UFC 214 , Thomas was once again in Woodley 's corner for the third time within a year of their fighter becoming champion , a pace that no other current UFC champion can say they have fought . While successfully defending the title against Demian Maia , the fans and most notably , UFC President Dana White , were not pleased with the fight .
“ It 's a big conflict of interest really where MMA is right now , ” Thomas explained speaking on the Slip ‘ n Dip Podcast .
Woodley took away Maia 's most dangerous ability inside the Octagon during their fight at UFC 214 , their Brazilian Jiu-jitsu , by stuffing over twenty takedown attempts . Fans became restless as the fight wore on over five rounds due to the lack of strikes as Woodley shut down Maia 's grappling attempts .
“ The reality is this – if we did n't want a sport and we just wanted to be entertained , why are there weight classes ? Why do they have to weigh in ? Why are there even judges ? Why are there rules and regulations ? It 's not like Tyron did anything to cheat , ” Thomas questioned .
“ Fighters fight within the rules and they fight to the best of their ability to win the fight . If winning was n't the ultimate goal of a sport , then why have a winner ? Why not just have entertainment ? Why not just have a fifteen-minute time limit and wait 'till somebody gets knocked out ? But the reality is , this is a sport and you got ta do what you got ta do to win . ”
When a fighter comes in with a game plan to shut down their opponent , taking away their strengths while not sustaining damage , why do fans not appreciate calculated strategy in the same manner as two guys just swinging for the fences ?
“ The one thing I understand with fans is that they vicariously live through fighters , ” Thomas said . “ In their own head , they see themselves as this warrior that would just go out on their shield , and they want to battle , and they want to be in these epic fights . These back and forth epic battles . They live vicariously through fighters . ”
Thomas continued , “ When they see a guy not going through that they automatically say , ‘ This guy is boring . I do n't like that guy . I want to see a guy who 's willing to just stand there and take punishment because that 's how I would do it if I was a fighter , but I 'm not tough enough to fight , so I want them to go through it for me . ' But the reality is , every fighter I know would fight like Floyd Mayweather…if they could . ”
Mayweather , one of boxing 's greatest ever , has created a legacy on the mantra of “ hit and not get hit , ” building a 49-0 professional record employing a defense-first mentality .
“ Every fighter I know would fight like Floyd Mayweather if they could , but they ca n't , ” Thomas said . “ The ones that really ca n't , tend to be journeymen and they have to fight to entertain because they do n't have the ability to make it to that championship level . So what they do is they gain their fans by fighting for entertainment . ”
For Woodley , who knocked out Robbie Lawler in record time to become champion at UFC 201 , has become a fighter who has not resonated with fans since that performance . Two contests against Stephen Thompson and the most recent outing against Maia have all gone the distance in fights that fans were not thrilled about afterward .
“ They do n't appreciate this as a sport . All they want to see is two guys just buckle down and go toe to toe and they value that in the rankings or in the public eye . To me , I just do n't get it , ” said Thomas .
Not only have fans been upset with the lack of action in the bouts , but UFC President Dana White was extremely critical of Woodley after UFC 214 . During the UFC 214 pre-fight press conference , White stated if Woodley secured a win over Maia , they would be given a fight against former champ Georges St-Pierre . However , after the fight on Saturday evening , White changed their mind as a result of how the fight played out in addition to delivering other critical comments on the performance during the post-fight press conference .
Those comments prompted Woodley to respond by threatening to “ leak things ” if they were not issued a public apology by the boss . Thomas , a friend of White 's who has appeared on episodes of Dana White 's Lookin ' for a Fight , understands White 's responsibility to the fans but hopes things do n't get ugly between the two .
“ Tyron , he 's been my man from day one and I 've got ta support him . I do n't know what they could possibly leak and I hope it does n't come down to that because it 's not a good thing when guys are beefin ' , ” said Thomas .
Perhaps what was unknown to White before being so critical of Woodley 's performance , was the fact that Woodley suffered a shoulder injury early in the fight .
“ He promises the fans good fights and when they 're not happy , obviously they have to take their side . I get that , but sometimes I think they jump the gun a little bit , especially with Woodley , ” Thomas said .
“ Tyron , they tore their shoulder after the first round . Now , had Tyron came back to the corner holding their shoulder and visibly shown they were injured and fought through that , this would be a whole different narrative . ”
At the end of the day , Thomas feels they fulfilled their obligations as a mixed martial arts coach whether the fans found the fight exciting or not .
“ As a coach , my goal is two things – to win and make sure my fighter goes home safely to their family . Tyron has done that every time he 's fought with me . ”
SEATTLE -- What started as a minor nuisance turned into a life threatening condition for an Alaskan fisherman . They wound up in Seattle with just a 20 percent chance at survival .
Henry Webb leads a life most of us can only talk about . They climbed Denali , the tallest mountain in North America . They rode their bike from Alaska to southern California . And professionally , they do the most dangerous job we know -- fishing and crabbing in the Bering Sea . So it 's a little hard to comprehend that an ingrown hair nearly killed him .
`` It does n't make for a good folk song , does it ? '' they joked . `` It 's not embarrassing , but it 's my pinky , you know ? ''
Henry was on a fishing boat , 14 hours from land , when the infection that started with an ingrown hair in their pinky was spreading through their body . By the time medics got them to Swedish Medical Center in Seattle , they were very ill .
`` He was getting no oxygen to their toes , to their organs , anywhere , '' said Dr. John Mignone . `` We basically put them on a unit that allowed us to oxygenate them without any requirement from their lungs at all . ''
The machine provides extracorporeal membrane oxygenation , or ECMO . It bypassed their lungs , taking blood from their heart , removing carbon dioxide and adding oxygen , then sending it back through their body . It 's technology that 's been around for decades , but it 's primarily used on children . Swedish recently turned to the technique for tough adult cases , and it 's saving lives .
`` They gave them back to us , '' Henry 's sister Hillary Scheer said of the care team at Swedish . `` He was on the edge . There were days and nights when I was n't sure if I was going to see them again . ''
Now , doctors predict a full recovery . `` Every day I get stronger , '' Henry said . `` I could n't lift my arms when I woke up and I certainly could n't walk . But , slowly it all is coming back . I just have to be patient and take it as it comes . ''
Henry is targeting February to be back to normal . That 's when crabbing season begins , and they can return to the dangers they know , as the one that almost took them down fades into a barely visible scar .
About the Sweepstakes
Do you find yourself watching Orphan Black and thinking to yourself , “ This I love. ” ( Powdered donuts optional . ) As the series enters its final season , now 's your chance to show just how much you love the show… and be a part of it ! BBC America invites you to submit a video expressing your appreciation/love for Orphan Black for the chance to win a grand prize of a walk-on role in a Season 5 episode .
The Grand Prize winner will be randomly chosen and receive a four day-three night trip for two to the set of Orphan Black in Toronto , ON Canada , including airfare , hotel , ground transportation and $ 500 spending money .
Four First Prize winners will win an Orphan Black Seasons 1-4 DVD Box set .
video player loading . . .
Share close
Tumblr
Email
Google+
Reddit Share on Facebook : Copy link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below back
Submit your video from November 14 , 2016 at 12:00:00 PM Eastern Time to November 29 , 2016 at 11:59:59 AM ET .
For details on what you can submit , refer to our FAQ and the Official Rules .
Girls Aloud – 10 of the best Read more
In an ideal world there would be a commemorative plaque above the entrance of Liverpool 's Echo arena . “ Here ended Girls Aloud , the last great girl band ” it would say . On 20 March 2013 Nadine Coyle – one fifth of the genre-bending , pop-reshaping rabble – was getting ready for the final night of the band 's reunion tour . “ I was in hair and makeup , ” they explain in a north London restaurant , “ going through my nightly ritual. ” Rather than taking delivery of a good-luck bouquet , Coyle received some news via the band 's PR and manager – the other girls wanted to call it quits . Not the more fashionable “ hiatus ” , which they 'd already done in 2009 , but a proper split . With the band working to majority rule , there was nothing they could do .
“ It was shocking . We 'd signed a new deal and recorded what was basically another new album. ” Confused , they marched into the venue 's green room , ignoring video directors there to record the tour for posterity ( a DVD ) , and confronted recent Celebrity Big Brother winner , and closest ally in the band , Sarah Harding . “ I said , ‘ Do you want to break up the band as well ? ' and they were like , ‘ Oh fuck it , I ca n't be arsed with it , I fucking hate everybody . ' That last show , all emotion was switched off as far as I was concerned , with any of them . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest No longer Aloud ... Nadine Coyle goes solo . Photograph : Suki Dhanda/The Guide
Further ignominy followed : it had been decided the split announcement would be made that same night . Via a tweet . “ A tweet ? ! ” Coyle roars in their thick Derry accent . “ I saw the draft and just said , ‘ Remove my name from that . ' We 'd been saying since the start we were properly back. ” In the end the tweet went out as the stage was being dismantled . After an end-of-tour party that lasted until the next morning ( “ [ the band ] was n't drinking together , but we were in the same room ” ) , Coyle posted their own tweet : “ You should know by now I had no part in any of this split business . I could n't stop them . I had the best time & want to keep going. ” Aside from Harding , she 's not spoken to the rest of the band since .
Girls Aloud split : who will take their place ? Read more
Fifteen years after they formed via ITV 's Popstars : The Rivals , and four years since the split , Coyle has reunited with Girls Aloud 's unofficial sixth member , Howard Hughes-esque production genius Brian Higgins and their coterie of pop mavericks , AKA Xenomania , for new single Go to Work . Alongside lyricist Miranda Cooper , Higgins masterminded 20 of their UK Top 10 singles , including Biology , Love Machine and Something New , shredding the pop rulebook , spray-painting it neon and then painstakingly suturing it all back together to create a Frankenstein 's monster-pop that made everything else – with its boring verse-chorus-verse structure – look decidedly pedestrian .
“ The desire to make very startling , very aggressive pop was just bursting out , ” Higgins tells me on the phone . “ The pop sound of the day was this Swedish R & B-lite sound which I loathed . I wanted to do something spectacular. ” That spectacular streak would include 22 singles and five albums in five years , a workload that inevitably led to the break in 2009 . “ One of the heads from our label came to a London show [ on that year 's Out of Control tour ] , ” Coyle remembers , “ and none of the girls were really speaking to each other , and they said , ‘ When you have 20,000 people out the front and no one wants to be here , that 's the time to take a break . ' ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘ I tend to go with the flow ' ... Nadine Coyle .
Despite accusations in 2014 from Cheryl Cole that the hiatus was caused by Coyle 's search for a solo record deal , she 's adamant they initially just wanted a break . “ Cheryl had already got their deal , they were ready to go with their solo stuff . I had nothing set up for myself . ”
Cheryl Cole : ' I hate this year ' Read more
Even before the reunion was announced at a press conference in late 2012 problems appeared . Despite Xenomania creating all their singles , the band , minus Coyle , had decided their comeback song was n't going to be glitter-bomb banger Something New but the limp , non-Xenomania ballad Beautiful 'Cause You Love Me ( a No 97 smash when it was eventually released ) . “ I was in Disneyland and I was told that was the song they were going with and so I said I could n't do the reunion , ” they say . “ ‘ Beautiful 'cause you love me ' ? We 're beautiful anyway ! But then I got a call back saying it was now Something New and I was like , ‘ OK , let 's do it . ' ” For Higgins that initial decision not to continue their mutual legacy still hurts . “ It 's very difficult to talk about it in a certain sense – there were a lot of emotions . ”
Something New-gate aside , Coyle 's decision-making has n't always been so finely tuned . “ I tend to go with the flow and that flow can end up in great places or not so great places , ” they laugh . It 's a trait that got them involved with supermarket chain Tesco which , in an unprecedented move for a non-heritage act , exclusively released their solo , Xenomania-free album in 2010 . “ It was a really stressful time , ” they say . Despite music becoming more accessible , Tesco did n't want the album available on iTunes , which would have been fine had the CDs been stocked in all of their shops .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch the video for Insatiable .
“ They had to do online maps for fans trying to find it ! I was like , ‘ What do you want me to do , drive a truck around and hand them out to people ? ' ” Without the infrastructure of a major label , Coyle took matters into their own hands , hiring their best friend as their assistant . “ She 'd just graduated from university so I thought , ‘ Great , they can help . ' They were a wreck at the end … I was a wreck at the end. ” After all that , the album peaked at No 47 .
Shortly afterwards , having already moved to LA while still in the band , they bought and ran a restaurant in Orange County called Nadine 's Irish Mist . Then , in 2011 , during a nine-month stint in New York , they recorded a single , The Sweetest High , even rebranding as Nadine 2.0 . “ Did that song really come out ? ” they ask . “ It did , did n't it ? I may have been drunk a lot around that time . ”
Nadine Coyle : Insatiable – review Read more
Other impulsive flights of fancy included a duet with Westlife 's Shane Filan ; a stint in professional leg-wiggler Michael Flatley 's Lord of the Dance : Dangerous Games extravaganza ; and , in late 2009 , some gardening as part of a world record attempt for the most trees planted in one site in an hour ( 26,422 , FYI ) . Even their decision to return to a pop landscape that has replaced the fizzing pizazz of those Girls Aloud curios with slower tempos and Spotify algorithms was more of a whim at first . “ Late 2015 , I got into a taxi to meet a friend in Primrose Hill and the radio was playing song after amazing song , ” they explain . “ I thought , ‘ Who do I know that does songs like this ? ' So I texted Brian. ” However , Higgins , and Xenomania , had n't been making amazing songs since 2012 , the year they created their last UK Top 10 single for X Factor also-ran Amelia Lily .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Out of control ... Girls Aloud in happier times .
“ For five years of [ Xenomania 's ] 21 years we 've been in the wilderness , just trying to work out in what way we could be amazing again , ” Higgins says . While on paper Coyle 's flighty , Housewives of Derry persona seems at odds with Higgins 's Rain Man focus , there are similarities , the reunion representing a return to their comfort zone . “ When I was 13 I 'd record myself on my karaoke machine and if I did n't like it I 'd record it again . I 'd do that for hours , making sure each line sounded just right. ” For Higgins , you sense this is about giving Coyle – “ a world-class vocalist ” – a proper stab at a solo career .
Interview : pop producer Brian Higgins Read more
“ Nadine 's going to have them go and that means a lot to me – that there are no regrets , ” they say . Ask them both what their expectations are for Go to Work and the answer is similar . “ I have none , ” Coyle says , which feels like something they should n't say too loudly in the corridors of their new label , Virgin . “ I 'm measuring success in different ways now , ” says Higgins , aware that those chart-dominating Xenomania days are behind him . “ It 's a great peace of mind for me what 's happening with Nadine. ” Whether you Go to Work represents a kind of closure or the start of – wait for it – something new , Coyle 's joy at being back is palpable .
“ I 'm so excited , ” they confirm . “ I could cry when I think about how good it 's all been. ” The day before our chat a speculative news story emerges suggesting Sarah Harding 's CBB performance has nixed a possible girl Aloud reunion . “ It has n't been discussed , no , ” they reply , before spotting a magpie out of the window and offering a little salute . “ One for sorrow , ” they say . Would you ever get back together ? “ To be truthful , I did n't want to break up in the first place . So I would have been sitting here with the other four . I was happy to continue . ”
Go to Work is out now
Growing up , Brian Urlacher got beat up by their sister , chased home from school by a bully and paddled by the principal for a crime they did n't commit .
Those are just a few defining moments featured in the kid-friendly version of the former Bears linebacker 's coming-of-age story , “ The Middle School Rules of Brian Urlacher , ” now out in bookstores .
The illustrated storybook written by former Bears beat reporter Sean Jensen tackles Urlacher 's unlikely rise to NFL royalty in a series of inspiring vignettes — from mischievous boyhood pranks to relentless teenage workout regimes — that offer a peek at moments that had a lasting impression on their life that often get overlooked .
“ When people write about famous athletes , the narrative usually starts when they are varsity athletes in high school , ” Jensen said . “ The idea was to tell more of Brian 's story that kids could relate to and be inspired by . '
Frankly , it 's surprising that Urlacher , a superstar who was n't shy about their disdain for the media during their playing days , teamed with a reporter to write a kids ' book .
“ Brian was not a friend of mine . They were more of a source . They respected the way I did my job , ” Jensen said . “ I felt like deep down they were a good guy , and that intrigued me . So I sent them a text that said , ‘ Dude give me 10 seconds of your time to tell you about an idea I have . ' ''
On Tuesday , Urlacher told me that when Jensen was writing for `` whatever paper that was they worked for '' they were always honest and fair .
`` Sean was one of the reporters who I actually trusted . They were always fair . ... And when they came with the idea I thought it was great , '' they said . `` I said , ' I had an interesting childhood , probably like most kids who go through some stuff . Let 's do it . ' ``
Jensen sat down with Urlacher to get the linebacker 's version of childhood tales and then traveled to Lovington , N.M. , to round out details from family , friends and coaches .
Urlacher says the heart of the book aims to tell kids that the awkward early teen years affect everyone , even big-time future NFL superstars .
`` The message is everyone — actors , football players , doctors , lawyers , everyone — has issues at that age , '' Urlacher said . `` I had some struggles . It 's normal . I just wanted to show my kids and most kids that it 's normal to go through those things . ''
Jensen said Urlacher 's story was especially inspiring because the Pro Bowl linebacker fully expected that after high school he 'd spend the rest of their life working in the oil fields like their stepfather and a lot of men in their hometown .
“ When you think about who Brian Urlacher is and what they accomplished as a player , knowing that they did n't even think they would go to college or get a scholarship offer really is something . That 's what inspired me to write the book , ” Jensen said .
“ Brian 's got a story that 's worth celebrating . They busted their tail , got up at 5 a.m. to lift weights before school . … Their story can inspire kids to understand that in order to be excellent at something you have to work hard . That 's what people who accomplish their dreams do . ”
But the book does n't shy away from Urlacher 's devilish moments — like the time Urlacher poured a pitcher of ice water on their showering sister or when they intentionally hit their younger brother Casey in the back with a fastball during their big youth baseball showdown .
`` It 's all true . I had some struggles . I was n't that big . I was n't that athletic . My sister used to beat the p -- - out of me . And my dad was a practical joker . If you took a shower without locking the door you were getting ice water poured on you , '' Urlacher said . `` The toothpaste in my sister 's hair , that was stuff we did on a regular basis . ... I 'm just glad I waited until after I was done playing to do the book because I 'd get so much s -- - in the locker room from those guys . ''
Sprinkled in those Urlacher tales , Jensen describes football facts — from explaining the role of a pass rusher to the correct path of a slant route — in a way to educate kid readers .
`` I included a lot of explanation , so you 're not just learning Brian 's story , but you 're learning about football and a little of the strategy of playing football along the way , '' Jensen said .
Jensen said they plan to turn the `` Middle School Rules '' concept into a franchise .
`` We 're in active negotiations with famous athletes for the next three books , '' Jensen said . `` The next one is expected to come out in November . ''
Urlacher said that the book did more for their status at home than their play on the field ever did .
`` You know , it 's a good read . The cover looks cool . My kids even think it 's cool , That 's how I know I made it , because for the most part they 're over me , '' Urlacher said . `` They 're mostly like , 'Whatever dad , you stink . But when the book came out they were like , 'That 's pretty cool , dad . ' ''
* * *
Before letting Urlacher go , I just had to ask for their thoughts on the Bears ' decision to keep embattled quarterback Jay Cutler as their starting quarterback .
`` Oh , I have lots of thoughts , '' Urlacher said . `` But I 'm not going to share them . I 'm just going to keep them to myself . ''
`` The Middle School Rules of Brian Urlacher '' is available on Amazon.com and at Wal-Mart and Barnes & Noble .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Charles Krupa/Associated Press
It would n't be quite right to describe the Boston Celtics as the Eastern Conference 's success story of the year . The Atlanta Hawks were dominant to the tune of a 60-22 record . The Cleveland Cavaliers have emerged overnight .
But there 's still something special about these seventh-seeded Celtics—even if they await almost certain defeat at the hands of Cleveland in the opening round . So far , Boston trails the series 1-0 , but that should n't dampen what 's already been accomplished this season .
The Celtics are much further along in the rebuilding process than most would have imagined . Through addition-by-subtraction and some very real additions , general manager Danny Ainge has positioned this team to succeed far ahead of schedule .
A title is well beyond reach , and it remains to be seen what becomes of Boston 's young core . But that 's the exciting part . This team is on its way to bigger and better things , and now there 's actually some evidence of that .
In fact , Boston 's approach to rebuilding may hold lessons for others attempting similar turnarounds .
Step 1 : Clean House
Mary Altaffer/Associated Press
Boston 's rebuilding process officially began in 2013 when Paul Pierce , Kevin Garnett and Jason Terry were traded to the Brooklyn Nets for a handful of midlevel players and first-round draft picks . Parting ways with iconic talent is never easy , but sometimes it 's necessary . The objective in this case was to turn declining stars into future-oriented assets .
Some were skeptical of the ostensible `` haul '' Brooklyn had claimed .
As ESPN.com 's Mike Mazzeo put it at the time , `` Critics wonder if both players [ Pierce and Garnett ] will be able to stay healthy and productive throughout the course of a long season at their advanced ages . ''
Pierce was 35 at the time , and Garnett was 37 . Brooklyn 's so-called gain was also the Celtics ' gain .
There was an interest in creating playing time for younger big men like 2012 first-round pick Jared Sullinger and 2013 first-rounder Kelly Olynyk . With Garnett in place , the youth development project would have been delayed indefinitely .
Pierce 's role has since gone to 26-year-old Evan Turner , and 25-year-old Tyler Zeller was added to the mix of young big men this season . The Celtics are now younger across the board , the inevitable result of a house-cleaning process that jettisoned far more recognizable names .
One could argue that Ray Allen 's departure via free agency was the first domino to fall in 2012 . But that core 's days were numbered , either way . And Ainge was in no mood to wait it out .
The interim has been fraught with its share of predictable difficulties . Last season , first-year head coach Brad Stevens inherited a cobbled-together rotation that had lottery written all over it .
Boston 's Turnaround By the Numbers Season Record Off . Efficiency Def . Efficiency RPG APG SPG BPG '13-14 25-57 99.7 105.2 42.5 21.0 7.1 4.2 '14-15 40-42 101.7 102.1 43.8 24.5 8.2 3.6 ESPN.com
But life was anything but peachy for the Nets , who ultimately flamed out in the 2014 conference semifinals against the Miami Heat . A similar season might have awaited Boston had the Celtics held on for too long—and then what ?
Now the franchise has a new foundation in place , one that is flawed , incomplete and still growing . Most importantly , perhaps , that foundation is currently learning on the job against Cleveland and all its star power .
That has a lot to do with the man at the helm of this beautiful mess .
Step 2 : Add a Mastermind
Steven Senne/Associated Press
Stevens may not have been the most obvious candidate to take over for the departed Doc Rivers , but he 's proven themselves in just two seasons with the club . After snagging just 25 wins in their first season , Stevens mustered a significantly more impressive 40 wins in their sophomore effort—good enough to move ahead of would-be postseason participants like the Miami Heat and Indiana Pacers .
Their Celtics play within a system , moving the ball unselfishly and succeeding despite the absence of a legitimate superstar . They also play defense , rebound and generally tend to the little things that produce success in this business . Without the kind of larger-than-life core that preceded Stevens , that kind of culture is all but essential .
It will almost certainly prove even more essential over the course of Stevens ' playoff debut . Here , their exceptional basketball IQ should yield serious dividends—perhaps enough to keep their team in a series against a far superior opponent .
`` He 's built for these moments , '' Sullinger recently told reporters . `` And on top of that , to be able to see a team four to seven games ... he 's going to pick you apart . That 's where he 's at their best . ''
Other players appreciate their intangibles .
`` He is a great leader , '' Turner added . `` Especially [ with ] the type of season we had . ''
That leadership was abundantly evident after Game 1 against the Cavaliers .
`` We 'll learn from it and improve from it , '' Stevens told reporters after the game . `` Very simple . I do n't want to overdo it . This is a long series . ''
That businesslike attitude appears to have trickled down to those who need it most , the Celtics themselves .
`` We 're still confident , '' sixth man Isaiah Thomas added . `` Guys are ready for Game 2 , knowing that good or bad , you 've got to have a short memory . There are possibly seven games in this series , and it could go either way . ''
It 's rare to unearth a coach who has the X 's and O 's down and says all the right things . The 38-year-old Stevens has all the makings of a guy who could stick around this team for a long time to come . It 's only right that they see this rebuild all the way through after keeping this team afloat amid so much turnover and transition .
The best of Stevens is almost certainly still to come , but he 's already demonstrated that they are a source of stability in otherwise turbulent times . That has n't gone unnoticed by those in need of that leadership .
`` I do n't think they ever jumped off the ship , '' Turner explained , per CSNNE.com 's A. Sherrod Blakely . `` He kept their poise . And they always kept their mind on the bigger picture ... Had they been a panicked type of leader , we would n't be in this situation . ''
Step 3 : Economize
Winslow Townson/Associated Press
Rajon Rondo threatened to derail that situation . Questions about their future were sure to interrupt the club 's fledgling midseason momentum . Actually keeping them around would have cost tens of millions of dollars , probably more than he 's really worth at this stage of their career . For all the sentimental reasons to keep them in the fold , there were better business reasons to trade the 29-year-old and get something in return .
After all , they might have walked this summer and left Boston with nothing to show for it .
Instead , Ainge and company did the wise thing . They traded Rondo to the Dallas Mavericks for a package that included Jae Crowder , draft picks and a $ 12.9 million trade exception that can be used down the road . The deal did n't net Boston a premier star , but it created flexibility while excising a potential distraction .
That 's a small victory for a rebuilding franchise . And it was n't the only one this season .
While Rondo 's departure created additional opportunity for rookie point guard Marcus Smart , it also opened the door for an affordable acquisition who could very well emerge as this club 's floor general of the future .
The Celtics landed Thomas at the trade deadline in a deal that cost them Marcus Thornton and the Cavaliers ' 2016 first-round draft pick . It was a modest price for a player capable of regularly dropping 20 points and providing offensive sparks virtually on demand . And while they 're entirely different types of point guards , one can certainly argue that Thomas is every bit as valuable as Rondo at this juncture .
Rondo vs. Thomas ' Production With Celtics in 2014-15 Games Min Pts FG % Ast Reb Stl Rondo 22 31.8 8.3 .405 10.8 7.5 1.68 Thomas 21 26.0 19.0 .412 5.4 2.1 0.57 ESPN.com
He 's certainly less expensive . Rondo made over $ 12.9 million this season , the last of their current contract . Thomas is scheduled to make less than $ 20 million combined over the course of the next three seasons . That 's a bargain in its own right but particularly when compared to what Rondo might have cost going forward .
Thus far , Thomas has settled into a sixth man role for the Celtics—much as they had earlier in the season with the Phoenix Suns . They make sense in that capacity , but they could easily win the starting job from Smart over the summer .
Either way , Stevens has two very good playmakers at their disposal , and both of them have bright futures . Smart is just 21 , and Thomas is 26 .
The organization also decided to send forward Jeff Green packing in a three-team trade to the Memphis Grizzlies . The deal gave Boston another protected first-round pick ( from Memphis ) , and—to their credit—Ainge anticipated some fallout .
`` Any time you lose your leading scorer , there 's going to be challenges that come with that , '' they told reporters in January . `` Losing them three weeks after losing your multiple-time All-Star point guard , there 's going to be challenges that come with that . ''
Somehow , the Celtics have met many of those challenges head on .
In a world where more money often means more problems , Boston opted to economize . They 're getting more for less and setting themselves up to acquire more young—and possibly established—talent in the near future .
Even without that additional talent , the Celtics already seem to be in a better place .
Lessons Learned
Winslow Townson/Associated Press
There 's something to be said for delayed gratification . The Celtics indeed missed the postseason while the Nets experienced two rounds of it in 2014 , but few would argue that Boston would be in better position now were their roles reversed . Now , even in its nascent ascent , Boston holds a higher seed than those Nets—who are now without Pierce , Garnett and Terry .
The Philadelphia 76ers have followed a similar path , perhaps to the extreme . The difference between those Sixers and these Celtics is that the latter are still playing for games that matter , learning experientially on a grand stage .
For other beleaguered organizations , a similarly moderate but decisive approach is probably in order . Trim the fat , but play to win . That winning can go a long way in building a culture around all that still-developing talent . That 's the real victory in Boston 's season .
We 've seen it before , too . The Cavaliers built a young core that was bound to attract some star talent , perhaps previewing the next stage of Boston 's growth . The Celtics will have plenty of money to spend and enough draft assets to acquire bigger names via trade .
Atlanta said its goodbyes to Joe Johnson and Josh Smith before moving forward with a leaner and more successful operation . Like Stevens , head coach Mike Budenholzer had a lot to do with their team 's emergence , as well .
Admittedly , there 's no one-size-fits-all solution . All the San Antonio Spurs had to do was draft Tim Duncan and pair them with a legendary coach ( Gregg Popovich ) and savvy general manager ( R.C . Buford ) . The Houston Rockets quickly traded their assets in a bid to land a game-changer like James Harden . There are several paths to the top .
But current bottom-feeders like the 76ers , New York Knicks or Minnesota Timberwolves would do well to replicate the Celtics ' success . It might mean finding a Thomas-like season-saver . It could mean moving some veteran contracts elsewhere .
But it should never mean a losing culture . The Celtics have taught us that much .
Jeremy Pargo 's legacy with the Sixers is quietly one of my favorite , most Sixersy things about this season . After a 28-point drubbing they put on the Sixers in November as a Cavalier in place of Kyrie Irving , it was predestined that Pargo would be a 76er before long . So they are , just three months later , playing the hero with a quick 12-6-4 in 29 minutes during a win over Charlotte . He 'd have just one more 25+ minute game over the next month and a half , crashing into Doug Collins ' doghouse in a fire of garbage time and DNP-CDs . And now he 's gone .
We 'll get to Justin Holiday in a second , but I really point out just how perfectly Doug Collins this whole Pargo thing is . They signed him , mostly because they remembered that time they scored lots of points for them . Then Doug got all excited about Jeremy and gave them plenty of time off the bat . Then , a few bad games , and there they go . Disappearing into Royal Ivey 's shadow while playing Jrue Holiday a thousand minutes in useless basketball games .
This is n't any reason to be mad , it just makes me laugh . Say hi to Maalik Wayns and Shelvin Mack for me , Jeremy .
So we got Justin Holiday , who I 'm reasonably excited about . Jordan and I talked to them at Summer League when it looked like they had a great shot at making the team . He 's been kicking some ass in the D-League and now , finally , the Sixers have brought them in . He 'll be around for the last 9 games of the season with an option for next year as well . He 's young , they can shoot , they can defend , and he 's related to our best player . But he 'll probably hang with Charles Jenkins and Arnett Moultrie on the bench while Damien Wilkins plays 35 minutes .
There 's no reason why they should n't be our 9th or 10th guy for a few years . If only the Sixers were clever enough to have cool features with Jrue and Justin , we 'd be in for some goofy fun times . I think we 'll have to settle for Kwame Brown instagrams though .
Kansas Athletics Inc. is working with an architectural firm on a concept to house James Naismith 's original rules of basketball , said David Booth , the KU alumnus who purchased the rules at an auction intending for them to be displayed at KU .
“ I talked to them this week . They 're working on it , ” Booth said . “ I think it 's largely their call . I do n't try to get too involved with it . ”
Booth said the future home of the rules could take the form of an addition to Allen Fieldhouse near the existing Booth Family Hall of Athletics .
Jim Marchiony , a Kansas Athletics spokesperson , said on Friday a committee continued to work on the best way to display the rules . They did n't offer a timeline for completion or other details about the process .
Booth said keeping costs as low as possible was a factor in the considerations .
They said though they have their own opinions on what ought to be done , they were sure that Kansas Athletics would come up with a good way to display the rules for the public at a reasonable cost .
“ I look forward to having something built , and having people see them anytime they want , ” Booth said .
Dragon Quest XI Info For Switch Held Up by 'Adult Circumstances ' The strange translation could refer to business dealings or ... something else .
Dragon Quest XI is definitely coming for Nintendo Switch , but publisher Square Enix is n't talking . Apparently the time is n't right to discuss that version of the game because of `` circumstances of adults . ''
At least that is what the game 's producer Yosuke Saito said in a livestream discussing Dragon Quest X and XI . That spawned laughter from series creator Yuji Horii , but they did confirm that there are `` various circumstances '' keeping them from discussing the game for Nintendo Switch . Now , whether that is marketing limitations or some controversy with Nintendo is unclear , but the way the details were presented makes it clear that both are somewhat amused by the reasoning behind the silence .
The PS4 and 3DS versions of the game will go on sale in Japan on July 29 . There has been no word yet on if a localized version will make its way to the States .
Square Enix did release some Switch game play footage for Dragon Quest X in the same livestream . The PS4 version will be coming to Japan on August 17 , with the Switch version coming a month later on September 21 . Both versions will include the game and both expansions . The original game launched in 2012 for 3DS .
Check out the Switch footage below .
Dan Haren struggled yet again yesterday , surrendering seven runs ( six earned ) on eight hits and two walks in 4.1 innings . By the time the day was over , their ERA stood at 4.76 , but their ERA may not even be the biggest problem . Haren now routinely labors to get through even five innings , thus taxing an already weak bullpen and affecting not only the game they pitch but subsequent ones as well .
Prior to yesterday 's outing , Haren was already on thin ice as the Dodgers choose to skip their start prior to the trade deadline . Now surely the club is seeking out other options , and this is especially true because Haren sits at 126.1 innings on the year and has an option for 2015 that vests at 180 innings .
But do the Dodgers have any viable internal options to use permanently or at least until they can swing a deal ?
Given those choices , it 's an easy decision , right ? Keep Haren in the rotation and let them work it out . But it 's not quite so simple since Haren has a 10.03 ERA in their last five starts , and those starts have lasted a total of just 23.1 innings . During that time span , opponents have also posted an OPS of over 1.000 against him , so it 's like he 's been facing a lineup full of Yasiel Puig ‘ s … except 100 OPS points better .
Maholm would seem like the next logical choice since being the sixth starter is the only reason I can figure the team has kept them around . But as you can see , he 's been abysmal as a starter anyway , walking more than they struck out and posting a horrifying FIP . That 's also probably besides the point now since they might be out for a while following a knee injury yesterday .
=====
And that leaves us with the minor league options , which all look pretty terrible as well .
Zach Lee has the best prospect pedigree , as they were once pegged to be at the front of the team 's rotation . But now he 's now struggling to miss bats at AAA and is showing deteriorating command as they try to figure out ways around getting squared up . Furthermore , in their last seven starts at AAA , they have an ERA of 7.00 .
Red Patterson is a smoke-and-mirrors type that would seem most likely to get the call given that they made a start for the Dodgers earlier in the year , but they have been mediocre in AAA and has a 9.41 ERA in their last four starts there .
Stephen Fife is a name people constantly ask about because of their 3.66 ERA in 91 MLB innings , and they also made a start this year in May . However , they threw only 41.1 innings last year and has just 49.2 innings this year due to shoulder problems , and they were put on the DL with forearm tightness recently . Besides , with a 4.59 FIP in their MLB career even when they were healthy , they probably are n't going to be a significant upgrade .
Carlos Frias has the best peripherals of all the pitchers at Albuquerque , primarily on the strength of their ability to keep around 50 % of balls in play on the ground . Frias is interesting because I remember liking them when they first appeared in the system due to my everlasting love for velocity , but they eventually faded from view due to a lack of consistency and continuing struggles to develop secondary pitches . Well , Frias has fought through it all and is now a 24-year-old in AAA with a 91-94 fastball with movement and a hard slider that grades out as average . Frias ' control is fine , but their command in the zone has been a problem in the past , making them more hittable than they should be . Additionally , their change-up is a show-me pitch at this point . I could see Frias as a potential option to get through a couple starts since they throw strikes .
The final viable candidate is Chris Reed , who I think fits much better in the bullpen . But now that I 've looked at the state of the starting pitching in the upper minors , I sort of understand now why they have n't converted them yet . Reed generates a ton of grounders with their two-seamer that 's in the 90-93 mph range , but their slider and change are both inconsistent , which is why he 's in AA for the third-straight year . While they have a 3.49 ERA in their last 10 starts , they also have only 38 strikeouts ( 24 walks ) in 59.1 innings . Regression is not a great sign for a guy who was striking out more than a batter per inning through June .
The rest of the options include Jeff Bennett , a pitcher with the Isotopes who last started in the MLB in 2008 and only picked up starting again in 2013 . Then there 's Matt Magill , who was once solid starter depth but is now a reliever and not ready to step in . 2013 top picks Chris Anderson and Tom Windle are both fighting it at high-A and will definitely not make the jump , and if you seriously suggest Julio Urias or Grant Holmes , I 'm gon na strangle you .
=====
So the sad reality ? There is no real internal solution to this problem . Even if the Dodgers did have a top prospect that was excelling and close to the majors , there 's no guarantee of success in their first chance to lock down a rotation spot ( like Andrew Heaney and countless others ) . But all the Dodgers currently have is middling prospects and organizational depth struggling in the minors .
If you want to gamble on talent , you go with Zach Lee or Chris Reed . If you do n't want to risk their futures , you go with Red Patterson or Carlos Frias . Either way , what it really comes down to is stalling until Stan Kasten and/or Ned Colletti can pick somebody off the scrap heap . And by “ somebody ” , I mean “ anybody decent ” , because Haren is not snapping out of it and the help the Dodgers desperately need in the rotation probably wo n't be found within the organization .
On January 24 , 2013 , the Florida Department of Corrections received a grievance letter from an inmate named Harold Hempstead , who had been imprisoned at the Dade Correctional Institution . The letter was brief and its tone was matter-of-fact , but the allegations it contained were shocking , raising troubling questions about the death of a mentally ill inmate named Darren Rainey , who had collapsed in a shower seven months earlier , on June 23 , 2012—a case that I wrote about in the magazine this week . According to Hempstead 's letter , the death had been misrepresented to disguise the abuse that preceded it . The reason Rainey collapsed in the shower , Hempstead alleged , was that they had been locked in the stall by guards , who directed scalding water at him . Hempstead 's cell was directly below the shower . That night , they had heard Rainey yelling , “ I ca n't take it any more , ” they recalled . Then they heard a loud thud—which they believed was the sound of Rainey falling to the ground—and the yelling stopped . Hempstead concluded their letter by calling for an investigation .
A week after receiving this information , the Florida D.O.C . sent Hempstead a terse response . “ Your grievance appeal is being returned without action , ” it stated . In the months that followed , Hempstead continued to file grievances with the D.O.C . They also wrote to the Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department and to the Miami-Dade police . At first , nothing appears to have been done in response to the letters , which is perhaps not surprising : prisoners routinely level false accusations at guards . Hempstead 's allegations might have carried more weight if an employee at Dade had backed them up . However , as I noted in my article , the psychiatrists in the mental-health ward at Dade feared ( reasonably ) that reporting even minor misconduct could trigger harsh retaliation from the guards , putting their own safety at risk . When Hempstead turned to some counsellors for support and guidance , they urged them to keep their accusations vague and to stop “ obsessing ” about Rainey . But Hempstead , who has been diagnosed with obsessive-compulsive disorder , was determined to get the word out . With the help of their sister , Windy , they eventually contacted the Miami Herald , which , on May 17 , 2014 , published a front-page story on Darren Rainey , called “ Behind bars , a brutal and unexplained death . ”
The literature on whistle-blowers is full of stories about moral crusaders who risk everything to expose misconduct and succeed only in upending their own lives . ( This is one of the themes of my own book on the subject , “ Beautiful Souls. ” ) At first glance , Hempstead 's story appears to veer dramatically from this script . Prompted in part by the revelations they made , the Justice Department has launched an investigation to determine whether Rainey 's death was part of a broader pattern of abuse . Some of the guards in the mental-health ward at Dade have been reassigned . The Florida D.O.C . has adopted a series of reforms , including crisis-intervention training for corrections officers and other steps that may deter future violence .
But it is also possible that Hempstead 's story will end less happily , particularly when it comes to the question of whether justice will be done . Although investigations are ongoing , none of the guards who allegedly took Rainey to the scalding shower have been charged with any crimes . ( They have since resigned , and their files included no indication of wrongdoing . ) Earlier this year , an autopsy of Rainey that was forwarded to state prosecutors ruled the death “ accidental , ” and did not recommend criminal prosecution .
Meanwhile , Hempstead has paid a steep price for exposing the circumstances under which Rainey died . After the reporter Julie Brown , of the Miami Herald , interviewed him , several corrections officers threatened them with solitary confinement . Hempstead has since been transferred to another prison and placed in “ protective management ” status by the D.O.C. , but their reputation as a whistle-blower ( “ Miami Harold , ” as some now put it ) has not been forgotten , and will follow them as long as they remain behind bars .
That will be a long time : specifically , until 2161 , the year Hempstead will be released , if they somehow live long enough to serve the hundred-and-sixty-five-year sentence that Judge Brandt Downey handed him , in 2000 , for their involvement in dozens of house burglaries . Hempstead , who is now forty , was twenty-two at the time . They were born in St. Petersburg , Florida , the youngest child of an alcoholic father , who died when Hempstead was seven . For a time , Hempstead was paid by police officers for tips . Their mother was institutionalized because of mental-health issues , according to their family , leaving Hempstead and their siblings to fend for themselves on the streets . It was an extremely chaotic upbringing , their sister Windy told me . This failed to move Judge Downey , who called Hempstead “ a despicable human being ” at their trial , and told him , “ I hope you die in prison . ”
Hempstead has denied that they were directly involved in the burglaries , admitting only that they fenced stolen goods . Whatever the case , it 's hard to avoid seeing what amounts to a life sentence for a series of property crimes as grossly disproportionate . “ By anyone 's definition of a proper sentence for a crime , even multiple burglaries , that 's just absurd , ” Randall C. Berg , Jr. , the executive director of the Florida Justice Institute , told me . The sentence seems particularly misplaced given what 's happened since . In 2006 , Judge Downey agreed to retire early when it was revealed that they had repeatedly downloaded pornography onto the computer in their courthouse ( “ I feel in my heart that God has forgiven me , ” they said ) .
Hempstead 's sister Windy , who calls them Joey , was one of the first people they spoke to after Rainey died . They told them that they had “ crouched in their cell with their hands over their ears , shaking , ” they told me . “ That night will never leave my brother. ” When I met Hempstead , a wiry man with a measured bearing , they gave no indication of this . But near the end of our interview , when I pressed them for details about the night Rainey died , they balked . “ It might get me crying , ” they said .
According to Berg , Hempstead could try to challenge their conviction on technical grounds , but the odds of getting a retrial are long . Florida 's governor , in conjunction with the Executive Clemency Board members , also has the authority to review the facts in their case and decide to commute their sentence . But the current governor , Rick Scott , is a Republican not known for leniency with prisoners , even a model prisoner convicted of crimes less grave and violent than the brutal one they brought to light . The irony is not lost on Hempstead . As they told the Miami Herald last year , “ You know , I made a lot of mistakes in my life , but nothing I did resulted in somebody dying . ”
By John Russo
John Russo
When it comes to marijuana policy , California has been stuck in a fairy tale for decades .
This particular fairy tale is like “ The Emperor 's New Clothes . ”
Everybody can see that marijuana prohibition has done nothing to prevent its use , and that arresting tens of thousands Californians every year for misdemeanor possession diverts police resources from violent felonies .
And nobody is blind to the fact that marijuana has funded and empowered the sociopathic drug cartels responsible for untold suffering and violence on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border .
It 's time for Californians to acknowledge the truth about the war on marijuana . Not only is it ineffective — it directly compromises public safety in our state .
In November , California can become the first state to recognize this reality by passing the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 .
This smart initiative would legalize personal cultivation and possession of small amounts of marijuana for adults over the age of 21 . Individual cities and counties could strictly regulate distribution and sales as they see fit . It would increase the penalty for providing marijuana to minors . Sales by unlicensed dealers — those now funding the cartels and wreaking havoc in our cities — would still be illegal .
California banned cannabis almost a century ago based on sensational and unscientific notions about the plant .
Modern prohibition , based on some of the same anachronistic ideas , has failed to control widespread availability and use . Like the 18th Amendment 's prohibition against alcohol , it is routinely overlooked by millions of otherwise law-abiding citizens .
Others have made commonsense arguments about the economic benefits of taxing this major industry . Cannabis is by far the largest cash crop in the state , with an estimated value of about $ 14 billion . Estimated tax revenue from sales alone would be $ 1.4 billion — money that could go to police , public schools and other critical services now being gutted by California 's budget crisis .
As the City Attorney of Oakland — a city where dozens of people are killed in drug-related murders every year — my primary concern is the war on marijuana 's collateral damage to public safety .
Black market marijuana is a main source of fuel powering the vast criminal enterprises that threaten peace on our streets and weaken national security on our borders . According to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , the Mexican drug cartels get more than 60 percent of their revenue from selling marijuana in the United States .
Money is the oxygen of these organizations . For decades , our approach to fighting violent drug gangs has been like trying to put out a house fire with a watering can . Why not try shutting off the fire 's oxygen supply ?
The cost of enforcing prohibition is hard to estimate . We spend hundreds of millions of dollars and countless law enforcement hours arresting people for low-level marijuana crimes , further overburdening courts and prisons . Jail beds needed for marijuana offenders could be “ used for other criminals who are now being released early because of a lack of jail space , ” the state Legislative Analyst 's Office wrote .
More than 61,000 Californians were arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession in 2008 . That same year , about 60,000 violent crimes went unsolved statewide . The reality is that resources tied up fighting marijuana would be better spent solving and preventing violent felonies and other major crimes .
Regulating and controlling marijuana is really a law-and-order measure . It takes marijuana off street corners and out of the hands of children . It cuts off a huge source of revenue to the violent gangsters who now control the market . And it gives law enforcement more capacity to focus on what really matters to Californians — making our communities safer .
It 's time we call marijuana prohibition what it is — an outdated and costly approach that has failed to benefit our society . In November , we will finally have the chance to take a rational course with the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act .
John Russo is the City Attorney of Oakland .
ARLINGTON , Va. , Jan. 11 ( UPI ) -- The U.S. Army has contracted CACI International to continue support activities for its Trojan Spirit intelligence dissemination system .
The contract is for a three-year period and carries a value of $ 81 million .
`` As a trusted partner to the U.S. Army 's Intelligence and Information Warfare Directorate , CACI is dedicated to continuing our support to the TROJAN SPIRIT Program , '' said CACI Chief Operating Officer and President of U.S. Operations John Mengucci . `` We have the proven expertise and program familiarity to help sustain this vital communications network . ''
Trojan Spirit satellite terminals disseminate secure information to commanders on the battlefield by voice , facsimile , digital traffic and secondary imagery . CACI said that under the contract it will continue providing integration , fielding , training and logistics services for deployment and maintenance of system terminals worldwide .
`` With our ongoing support for the U.S. Army 's TROJAN SPIRIT Program , CACI continues to strengthen our Intelligence Systems and Support business , '' said Ken Asbury , CACI president and chief executive officer . `` This critically important contract also enables us to continue to support some of our nation 's highest priorities in maintaining information superiority for America 's military and ensuring the safety of U.S. forces on the battlefield . ''
Disney 's MyMagic+ rollout delayed FIRST ON ORLANDOSENTINEL.COM
At a minimum , it will likely be several more months before all of the giant resort 's customers can use `` MyMagic+ , '' which includes a new reservation system allowing visitors to book ride times weeks before their vacations and microchip-embedded `` MagicBands '' that act as all-in-one park tickets , room keys and credit cards .
Walt Disney World 's billion-dollar plan to outfit theme-park visitors with wireless rubber bracelets and get them planning more of their trips in advance has fallen behind schedule .
Senior Walt Disney Co. executives once said they hoped to have MyMagic+ `` largely '' introduced by the end of the company 's 2013 fiscal year , which concluded in September . But the project remains in testing and mostly limited to guests staying in Disney-owned hotels .
Disney would not provide any updated timetable last week . In a written statement , the chairperson of the company 's global theme-park division said they were pleased with the progress .
`` From the outset , our MyMagic+ development has been focused on enhancing the experience our guests have with us . Our roll-out schedule is designed to be flexible so that we can make adjustments based on our testing and guest feedback , '' Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Chairman Tom Staggs said in the statement . `` We 're happy with the progress we are making , and MyMagic+ is now available to all our Walt Disney World hotel guests . ''
Staggs added that Disney has been making `` modifications '' based on the feedback it is receiving from guests during testing . `` Once we 're satisfied with those adjustments , we will continue to broaden the availability to our other theme-park guests . ''
MyMagic+ is critical for Disney , which has spent more on the project than it did in building the hugely successful Cars Land attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. Executives have said they think the project will ultimately get travelers to make more trips to Disney World and spend more time and money at the resort when they visit .
Some analysts had expected the project to begin contributing to profit growth for Disney in 2014 , but that now appears unlikely to happen until at least 2015 .
Although Disney did n't announce MyMagic+ until January , the project has been in development for more than five years . Disney has been incurring significant costs tied to the project for at least two years , according to regulatory filings .
One month after announcing MyMagic+ , Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger said it would be rolled out `` over the next several months . '' Chief Financial Officer Jay Rasulo expanded on Iger 's comments in May , telling analysts at a New York conference that `` by the end of this fiscal year , you 're going to feel like it is rolled out , '' though they said Disney would continue to add elements over time .
But they began to push that target back over the summer . Iger told analysts in August the project was designed for `` a probable full rollout in the early part of fiscal 2014 . '' And they have since stopped offering any specific time frames .
During Disney 's year-end-earnings call earlier this month , Rasulo said MyMagic+ was `` still very much in the early days of rollout . ''
Disney would not discuss the delay in any detail . But in discussions with analysts , executives have characterized the project as exceedingly complex and repeatedly said they intended to make sure all kinks were ironed out before beginning a wide launch .
I need someone to voice my characters for UTAU . Why do n't I use my voice ? Well my voice is already set on another character and yes I also tried to change the pitch but it does n't sound how I want them to sound .
I am looking for VCV japanese recordings and CV VC English . I prefer the VCV japanese over the CV VC English . You do n't need to sing well any type of voice is accepted . Just please send me a pm for an example of your voice saying a word Thank you !
I need voices for the following characters :
Aria
They have my voice . Already taken by me lol .
Anita
Anita is a female cute child that 's very positive about life . She 's always happy and has a very cute high pitch voice .
Sebastian
He 's one of the villain of my story and has a deep voice , a very deep voice . I am looking for a deep scary male voice here .
Satia
They are very calm and collected . I am looking for a female smooth voice , very goddess like .
Jay
He 's a jock and super active . I am looking for a young male voice here a very happy and energetic voice .
Joseph
He 's a homosexual man . I 'm looking for a voice that has a lot of expression and is sexy does n't need to be deep .
Neville
He 's Joseph partner . I 'm looking for a deep voice but not as deep as Sebastian for example . He 's very insecure too so a insecure voice would be perfect .
Here is the link to all my characters that need voices .
…and much more ! If you feel you do n't fit anywhere just let me know anyway and I will fit you on my other characters .
I offer a voicebank for you to use without credit needed oto by me or you can oto yourself if you want . : P Your choice . Of course you wo n't do this for free because let me warn you to record you will probably take 3H . I 'm serious ! So I offer real money and art . Your choice . My price is 5 dollars / 4 euros . I wo n't pay higher than that . You do need to have a paypal account .
If you want to help out and do n't know how I can help
I can provide you the programs you will need and teach you how to record plus the pronunciation . All you have to do is ask Make sure you do have some time for this since it takes awhile to do . You can stop at any time but it will take time to finish
Status :
Satia , Sebastian , Jay , Anita and Joseph are being voiced .
The most-studied galaxy in the universe — the Milky Way — might not be as “ typical ” as previously thought , according to a new study .
The Milky Way , which is home to Earth and its solar system , is host to several dozen smaller galaxy satellites . These smaller galaxies orbit around the Milky Way and are useful in understanding the Milky Way itself .
Early results from the Satellites Around Galactic Analogs ( SAGA ) Survey indicate that the Milky Way 's satellites are much more tranquil than other systems of comparable luminosity and environment . Many satellites of those “ sibling ” galaxies are actively pumping out new stars , but the Milky Way 's satellites are mostly inert , the researchers found .
This is significant , according to the researchers , because many models for what we know about the universe rely on galaxies behaving in a fashion similar to the Milky Way .
“ We use the Milky Way and its surroundings to study absolutely everything , ” said Yale astrophysicist Marla Geha , lead author of the paper , which appears in the Astrophysical Journal . “ Hundreds of studies come out every year about dark matter , cosmology , star formation , and galaxy formation , using the Milky Way as a guide . But it 's possible that the Milky Way is an outlier . ”
The SAGA Survey began five years ago with a goal of studying the satellite galaxies around 100 Milky Way siblings . Thus far it has studied eight other Milky Way sibling systems , which the researchers say is too small of a sample to come to any definitive conclusions . SAGA expects to have studied 25 Milky Way siblings in the next two years .
Yet the survey already has people talking . At a recent conference where Geha presented some of SAGA 's initial findings , another researcher told her , “ You 've just thrown a monkey wrench into what we know about how small galaxies form . ”
“ Our work puts the Milky Way into a broader context , ” said SAGA researcher Risa Wechsler , an astrophysicist at the Kavli Institute at Stanford University . “ The SAGA Survey will provide a critical new understanding of galaxy formation and of the nature of dark matter . ”
Wechsler , Geha , and their team said they will continue to improve the efficiency of finding satellites around Milky Way siblings . “ I really want to know the answer to whether the Milky Way is unique , or totally normal , ” Geha said . “ By studying our siblings , we learn more about ourselves . ”
Other SAGA team members are Yao-Yuan Mao of the University of Pittsburgh , Erik Tollerud from the Space Telescope Science Institute , Benjamin Weiner of the University of Arizona , Rebecca Bernstein and Yu Lu of the Carnegie Institution for Science , Ben Hoyle of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics , Sebastian Marchi and Ricardo Munoz of the University of Chile , and Phil Marshall of SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory . All are co-authors of the study .
More information about SAGA can be found here : http : //sagasurvey.org .
The Abbott government will soon make two very significant appointments . They arise due to the retirements of Justices Kenneth Hayne and Susan Crennan from the High Court . The Constitution mandates that High Court judges must retire at 70 , the so-called `` statutory age of senility '' , which for Hayne is on June 5 and Crennan on July 1 next year .
The seven judges of the High Court have the final say on key aspects of the law . In recent years they have issued decisive rulings on the Gillard government 's Malaysian plan , NSW political donation laws , the national schools chaplaincy program and Western Australia 's Senate election . It was also the High Court that first recognised native title and in the years to come it may determine , for example , that Australian law incorporates a right to privacy .
Retiring : Justice Susan Crennan ( centre ) will leave the High Court in February . Credit : Chris Lane
Not surprisingly , every government wants to influence how such matters are decided . They do so by carefully selecting the people who sit on the court . This provides an opportunity not only to influence Australian law and politics in the short term , but for many years after . Prime Minister John Howard 's last appointment to the court , Justice Susan Kiefel , was selected just before the 2007 election and need not retire until 2024 .
The Abbott government must appoint a new High Court judge sooner than expected . Crennan will leave the court early on February 2 , meaning that the announcement of Australia 's 51st High Court justice is imminent . The government can not afford to wait much longer , lest Crennan 's replacement be unable to take up their duties immediately on their departure .
Public 's Knowledge of Science and Technology
Report
Before you read the report , test your own News IQ by taking the interactive knowledge quiz . The short quiz includes many of the questions that were included in a national poll . Participants will instantly learn how they did on the quiz in comparison with the general public as well as with people like them . Take the Quiz
The public 's knowledge of science and technology varies widely across a range of questions on current topics and basic scientific concepts , according to a new quiz by the Pew Research Center and Smithsonian magazine . Click here to take the quiz yourself before reviewing the answers .
About eight-in-ten Americans ( 83 % ) identify ultraviolet as the type of radiation that sunscreen protects against . Nearly as many ( 77 % ) know that the main concern about the overuse of antibiotics is that it can lead to antibiotic-resistant bacteria .
However , only about half ( 51 % ) of the public knows that “ fracking ” is a process that extracts natural gas , not coal , diamonds or silicon from the earth .
Similarly , knowledge of basic scientific concepts differs greatly across questions . While most Americans ( 78 % ) know that the basic function of red blood cells is to carry oxygen to all parts of the body , just 20 % could identify nitrogen as the gas that makes up most of the atmosphere .
The quiz is part of a nationwide survey , conducted March 7-10 among 1,006 adults , which also probed opinions and perceptions about science and math in education . The survey was conducted with Smithsonian magazine for an edition focusing on STEM ( science , technology , engineering and mathematics ) education ( see “ How Much Do Americans Know about Science ? ” ) .
The public underestimates how well American high school students perform on standardized science tests compared with students in other developed nations . A plurality ( 44 % ) believes that 15-year-olds in other developed nations outrank U.S. students in knowledge of science ; according to an international student assessment , U.S. 15-year-olds are in the middle ranks of developed nations in science knowledge .
Nearly half of Americans ( 46 % ) say that the main reason that many young people do not pursue degrees in math and science is mostly because they think these subjects are too hard ; just 22 % say it is mostly because young people think math and science are not useful for their careers while 20 % say it is because they think these subjects are too boring . Women ( 54 % ) are more likely than men ( 37 % ) to say that the main reason young people do not pursue math and science degrees is because they think these subjects are too difficult .
The survey asked an open-ended question about what one subject K-12 schools should emphasize more these days ; 30 % of respondents say math ; 19 % say English , grammar or writing , while 11 % say science ; and 10 % say history , social studies or government . Overall , 45 % mention some aspect of science , technology , engineering or mathematics .
About the Quiz : Chemical Reactions , Control Groups and CO2
The new survey includes a mix of 13 knowledge questions ; some are the type that might be found in a science textbook while others come from news coverage of science and technology issues .
Among the textbook-type questions , the quiz asks which is a chemical reaction – water boiling , sugar dissolving or nails rusting . Two-thirds ( 66 % ) correctly say that nails rusting is an example of a chemical reaction ; much smaller percentages incorrectly say that water boiling ( 12 % ) and sugar dissolving ( also 12 % ) are examples of chemical reactions .
The survey also asks about basic scientific knowledge in a series of true-false questions . Most Americans ( 77 % ) correctly say it is true that the continents have been moving for millions of years and will continue to move in the future . But only about half ( 47 % ) say it is true that electrons are smaller than atoms . The percentages answering these and other true-false questions correctly are little changed from a June 2009 survey .
Other questions test knowledge of scientific methods and current scientific issues . Most Americans know that scientists use control groups to test the effectiveness of new drugs in treating disease . Three-quarters ( 75 % ) correctly say that scientists give a new drug to half of a group of volunteers , but not to the other half , and compare how many in each group get better . Just 19 % say it would be more effective to give the drug to the entire group .
Demographic Differences in Knowledge about Science & Technology
Education is the strongest demographic predictor of knowledge about science and technology . People with at least some exposure to college do much better than those with no college experience on nearly all of the questions .
On several questions , there also are wide differences between college graduates and those who have attended college but not graduated . For instance , 76 % of college graduates but just 55 % of those with some college experience identify carbon dioxide as the gas that most scientists believe causes atmospheric temperatures to rise .
There are only modest partisan differences in knowledge about which gas is generally seen by scientists as causing atmospheric temperatures to rise ; 63 % of independents say it is carbon dioxide , as do 58 % of Republicans and 56 % of Democrats .
Notably , even most college graduates could not identify the gas that makes up most of the earth 's atmosphere . Just 31 % correctly say it is nitrogen , while an identical percentage ( 31 % ) incorrectly says it is oxygen . Among those with a high school education or less , oxygen is the most frequent response .
In previous Pew Research Center surveys measuring knowledge of politics and public affairs , young people typically have not fared as well as older people . But that pattern does not hold for most questions about scientific topics . As a group , those younger than 30 do about as well as those in the 30-49 and 50-64 age groups .
Meanwhile , people 65 and older scored relatively low on many questions . Just 37 % know that nanotechnology deals with small things ; majorities in younger age groups know this . And just 27 % correctly answered a question about how lasers work , compared with about half in older age groups .
However , half ( 50 % ) of those 65 and older identify natural gas as the resource extracted in fracking , compared with 61 % of those 50-64 , 52 % of those 30-49 and just 35 % of those under 30 . This was the only question on which those 65 and older scored higher than those younger than 30 .
Overall , men outperformed women on the quiz , though in many cases the differences are modest . On average , men answered 8.6 items correctly , compared with 7.7 items for women .
On the health-related questions on the quiz , however , women did as well as or better than men . Women are more likely than men to know that a major concern of the overuse of antibiotics is that it can lead to antibiotic-resistant bacteria ( 81 % of women know this vs. 72 % of men ) .
What Subject Should Receive More Emphasis in K-12 Schools ?
Asked in an open-ended format what one subject being taught in K-12 schools should receive greater emphasis than it does now , 30 % volunteer math and arithmetic . About one-in-five ( 19 % ) say English , grammar , writing and reading should receive more emphasis , while about one-in-ten cite science ( 11 % ) or history ( 10 % ) .
Republicans ( 35 % ) are more likely than Democrats ( 24 % ) to say that math and arithmetic should be emphasized more by schools . More Republicans ( 13 % ) than Democrats ( 5 % ) also say that history , social studies and civics should get greater attention .
By contrast , while 17 % of Democrats say that science should receive greater emphasis in K-12 schools , just 7 % of Republicans agree . Comparable percentages of Republicans and Democrats say other subjects – including English and grammar , art and music , and religion and Christianity – deserve more emphasis than they are currently receiving .
Many Say U.S. Students Are Outranked in Science
A plurality of Americans ( 44 % ) say that average American 15-year-olds rank at the bottom on standardized tests of science knowledge , when compared with students in other developed nations . That is incorrect : According to the most recent available data from the Program for International Student Assessment , U.S. students rank among the middle of OECD nations .
The survey finds that 35 % correctly know that U.S. 15-year-olds are about in the middle when it comes to science knowledge ; 7 % say incorrectly that American students rank among the top of developed nations .
College graduates are more likely than those with less education to underestimate the performance of U.S. teens on standardized science tests . More than half of college graduates ( 56 % ) say that American students rank near the bottom among developed countries . That compares with 46 % of those with some college experience who do not have a degree and 36 % of those with no more than a high school education .
There are no significant partisan differences in evaluations of student performance on standardized science tests : 46 % of Republicans and about as many Democrats ( 45 % ) and independents ( 45 % ) say they rank near the bottom among developed nations .
When asked why many young people do not pursue degrees in math and science , a 46 % plurality says it is mostly because they view these subjects as too difficult . Fewer say young people are turned off because they see math and science as not useful for their careers ( 22 % ) or because they are too boring ( 20 % ) .
Young people have about the same opinions as older people for why many do not pursue math and science degrees : 47 % say it is because those subjects are seen as too difficult . More women ( 54 % ) than men ( 37 % ) say many young people do not go after degrees in math and science mainly because they perceive those subjects as being too difficult .
Agencies searching the FBI 's criminal history record database for matches to their subjects are getting faster and more accurate responses—the result of the Bureau 's 10-year effort to improve its ability to provide law enforcement partners with timely , high-quality identification .
Earlier this month , the FBI announced the Next Generation Identification system , or NGI , is now at full operational capability . The system replaced the Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System ( IAFIS ) , the Bureau 's longstanding repository for fingerprints . NGI 's incremental roll-out , which began in 2010 , has already seen significant improvements in accuracy rates on queries , the result of new high-tech tools and algorithms that more effectively search more than 100 million records . Fingerprint matches are now better than 99 percent accurate , and hits on latent prints ( prints lifted from crime scenes , for example ) have tripled from 27 percent accuracy in the old IAFIS system to more than 81 percent today .
“ NGI gives us this opportunity to not only upgrade and enhance technology that we 've been using for years , but it also lets us leverage new technology that can help us do our jobs better , ” said Steve Morris , assistant director of the FBI 's Criminal Justice Information Services ( CJIS ) Division , which runs NGI .
Enhancements under NGI include the following :
Repository for Individuals of Special Concern ( RISC ) : Deployed in 2011 , it 's a searchable subset of what Morris described as the database 's “ worst of the worst offenders , ” including terrorists and dangerous fugitives . Using a mobile device , police can take two fingerprints from a subject and remotely query the database and get immediate results . “ NGI provides a quicker mobile identification for the officer , ” Morris said .
: Deployed in 2011 , it 's a searchable subset of what Morris described as the database 's “ worst of the worst offenders , ” including terrorists and dangerous fugitives . Using a mobile device , police can take two fingerprints from a subject and remotely query the database and get immediate results . “ NGI provides a quicker mobile identification for the officer , ” Morris said . National Palm Print System : In May 2013 , NGI expanded beyond traditional finger and thumbprint capabilities to include palms . Morris said the majority of prints left at crime scenes contain hand ridges and palm prints . Just this month , one latent palm print returned a match .
: In May 2013 , NGI expanded beyond traditional finger and thumbprint capabilities to include palms . Morris said the majority of prints left at crime scenes contain hand ridges and palm prints . Just this month , one latent palm print returned a match . Rap Back : Entities that conduct background checks on individuals holding positions of trust ( teachers , camp counselors ) can receive notifications if the individual is subsequently involved in criminal activity . Launched earlier this year , Rap Back is named for the process of reporting back when a person is involved in criminal activity .
: Entities that conduct background checks on individuals holding positions of trust ( teachers , camp counselors ) can receive notifications if the individual is subsequently involved in criminal activity . Launched earlier this year , Rap Back is named for the process of reporting back when a person is involved in criminal activity . Interstate Photo System ( IPS ) : Launched this year , NGI 's facial recognition capability provides a way to search millions of mug shots or images associated with criminal identities for potential matches . Note that civil files ( such as those in Rap Back ) and criminal mug shots reside in a repository separated by identity group , so an innocent schoolteacher 's image is n't going to appear when the system returns an array of possible candidates in a criminal query . “ If law enforcement submits that photo , they 're going to get back possible candidates from the criminal file , ” said Morris . “ They 're not getting the ones from the civil file . ”
In safeguarding privacy and protecting the public 's rights and civil liberties , NGI is subject to the same extensive security protections , access limitations , and quality control standards already in existence for IAFIS . A thorough privacy impact assessment is completed and submitted to DOJ for each enhancement under NGI .
The facial recognition system is not connected to the Internet or social networks or your local Department of Motor Vehicles . “ Facial recognition does n't mean that we somehow now have this ability to go out and start collecting video feeds , ” Morris said . “ That 's not what this is about . It 's a technology that allows us to digitally compare criminal mug shot photos that we have in our database against one another . ”
For more than 18,000 law enforcement agencies and partners—and their constituents—upgrading to NGI means increased accuracy and improved , faster intelligence . “ Not only are we providing a better , more accurate technology , but we 're able to provide all these better services more efficiently , ” Morris said .
Henry Jude `` Trey '' Radel III ( born April 20 , 1976 ) is an American journalist , author , actor , and former member of the United States House of Representatives . Radel represented Florida 's 19th congressional district from January 3 , 2013 through January 27 , 2014 , sworn into the 113th United States Congress . A Republican , Radel had previously worked as a television reporter and anchor as well as a conservative talk radio host , a position they returned to in 2016 . [ 2 ] The district is located in Southwest Florida and includes Fort Myers , Naples and Cape Coral .
Radel is the author of Democrazy . [ 3 ] Published by Blue Rider Press , an imprint of the Random House company , the book was released March 28 , 2017 . [ 4 ]
Radel also works as an actor , with a recurring role as a TV news anchor on the show StartUp on the Sony owned App Crackle . They also played the lead , starring as a detective , in the series Truth is Stranger than Florida on the Investigation Discovery network . [ 5 ]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Trey Radel was born in 1976 in Cincinnati , the son of Kathleen ( Sollinger ) and Henry Jude Radel , Jr. [ 6 ] They attended Elder High School . [ 7 ] Radel majored in communications and minored in Italian at Loyola University Chicago . [ 8 ]
Media career [ edit ]
Radel was trained as an actor and a comedian and performed improvisational work at Second City in Chicago . [ 9 ] Radel began their career as a journalist , working as both an anchor and a reporter . They interned for CNN at its headquarters in Atlanta . They then worked for CBS affiliates KHOU in Houston and WBBM in Chicago . They were a TV and radio talk show host of Daybreak , on WINK-TV [ 10 ] & WFSX-FM 92.5 Fox News Radio . [ 11 ] They returned to mornings on WFSX-FM in September 2016 , [ 2 ] moving to afternoon drive time a year later . [ 12 ]
In 2005 , Radel bought the Naples Journal , a community newspaper that they later sold to the E.W . Scripps Company , the owner of Naples Daily News . [ 8 ] In 2007 , after selling the Journal , Radel returned to WINK . They remained at the station until in 2009 , [ 8 ] when they founded Trey Communications LLC , a conservative media relations firm . The company purchased and sold domain names , including some of a pornographic nature . [ 13 ]
They and their wife founded a nonprofit organization called the U.S . Forces Fund , which focuses on helping injured soldiers returning home from abroad . [ 14 ]
U.S. House of Representatives [ edit ]
Republican 14th District Congressman Connie Mack IV decided not to run for reelection to their seat , in order to challenge Democratic U.S . Senator Bill Nelson . Radel decided to run in the open seat , which had been renumbered as the 19th District . Five other Republican candidates also filed to run .
Controversy occurred when it was discovered that the campaign committee `` Friends of Trey Radel , Inc. '' had purchased their opponents ' domain names nearly a year before they announced they were going to run for office . [ 15 ] When this was revealed , they denied knowing about it , blaming it on staff , but eventually admitted they had purchased the domain names . [ 15 ] Subsequently , their campaign committee created websites and attached them to their opponents ' domain names , purportedly for the purpose of disseminating the voting records of the opponents , which were posted on the websites . [ 15 ]
Radel 's political philosophy is conservative , but they nevertheless has said they support the principles of the DREAM Act . [ 16 ] Radel was endorsed by the incumbent Connie Mack IV , former U.S . Senator Connie Mack III , and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . [ 17 ] Chauncey Goss ( who finished second to Radel in the primary ) [ 18 ] was endorsed by U.S . Congressman Paul Ryan . [ 19 ] Radel won the primary with 30 % of the vote , primarily on the strength of their showing in their native Lee County . [ 20 ] Their primary campaign featured a `` Tea Party-tinged '' message . [ 8 ]
In the general election Radel faced Democrat Jim Roach of Cape Coral , a retired GM research engineer and Vietnam veteran . Radel was heavily favored to win because 19th has long been reckoned as one of the most Republican districts in Florida . Radel won the 2012 election with 63 % of the vote . [ 21 ]
The financial disclosure reports Radel submitted during their campaign were inaccurate , a fact that Radel attributed to their accountant 's error . An amended disclosure form filed the day after the election showed that Radel had far more assets than originally disclosed . [ 22 ]
Committee assignments [ edit ]
Conviction and resignation [ edit ]
On October 29 , 2013 , Radel was arrested in the District of Columbia after attempting to buy 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover federal officer . [ 23 ] [ 24 ] Less than a month later , Radel pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of possession of cocaine and was sentenced to one year of supervised probation . [ 25 ]
Following their conviction for cocaine possession , Radel went on a self-imposed leave of absence to undergo addiction rehabilitation , announcing that they would be donating their salary to charity during their absence . Radel stopped short of resigning . [ 24 ] [ 26 ] The Republican Party of Florida and Governor Rick Scott called for their resignation . [ 23 ] On January 27 , 2014 , Radel announced they would resign from Congress . [ 27 ] [ 23 ] [ 28 ] They had not voted in Congress after November 15 , 2013 in the wake of the conviction . [ 29 ] In late January 2014 , Radel officially tendered their resignation in a letter to Speaker of the House John Boehner . Republican business person Curt Clawson won the special general election held on June 24 , 2014 to replace him .
Radel completed all conditions of their probation in October 2014 , and they successfully petitioned the court to expunge their criminal record . [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
Career after resignation [ edit ]
In 2015 , after resigning from Congress , Radel established a media consulting and crisis management firm , Trey Radel Media Group , with two other partners , including their former campaign manager and district director and another partner . [ 32 ] In 2016 , they returned to talk radio as host of Fox 92.5 's Daybreak , which they had hosted before entering Congress . [ 2 ]
In 2017 , Radel published Democrazy : A True Story of Weird Politics , Money , Madness , and Finger Food ( 2017 ) , a book published by Blue Rider Press , an imprint of the Random House . [ 3 ] [ 33 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Radel is married to FOX-4 anchor Amy Wegmann . [ 34 ] They have one child , and live in Fort Myers . [ 35 ]
See also [ edit ]
Vancouver 's new chief planner , Gil Kelley , has been on the job for just over two weeks . The Courier caught up with them to talk about their approach to their new role . Most recently , Kelley was director of citywide planning for the City of San Francisco . They also spent 10 years as the director of planning for the City of Portland , while their first director of planning position was with the City of Berkeley in California .
How familiar were you with Vancouver before you took the job ?
article continues below
I 'm certainly getting more familiar now , in the last two weeks , than I have been before . I 've visited many times over the years , but I 've never spent an extended period here . I 've watched Vancouver grow and change over the years , but I ca n't say I 'm intimately familiar with it .
Did you have a sense of the challenges it faces ?
I did , through both the interview process and the fact Vancouver shares a lot in common with the other West Coast , Northwest Coast [ cities ] — from San Francisco to Portland to Seattle to here . So , I have a sense of the larger challenges , but I need to study up and talk to a lot of people and get intimately familiar with specifics here .
Why did you want the job in Vancouver ?
Honestly , I think Vancouver is at a particular moment of inflection as it were . It 's poised to make some big moves , much as it did in the late '80s , early '90s , when it really took hold of the downtown core and reversed the paradigm of the flight to the suburbs and said , ‘ No , downtown and urban vitality is a very desirable attribute . ' That was the aspiration then and there are probably a new set of aspirations and challenges now , which I 'll reserve going too deeply into until I get more familiar . But what I 'm trying to say is , there were some big moves done and some big planning and there 's an opportunity to recapture some of that spirit right now . I think it 's facing many of the challenges that San Francisco is now facing , maybe just a little bit further back from the tidal wave , but I think its readiness to address those may actually be greater than San Francisco right now . So that combination of things was very , very attractive to me .
This [ Sept. 28 ] is your 10th day on the job . What 's been your focus in these early days ?
It 's been a diving into the deep end of the pool in terms of attending a lot of different meetings , with different city people primarily , not so much with external folks , with community people or even developers , which is to come . I 've been trying to understand the city structure here and what the projects are — getting to know my key staff managers , my fellow general managers in the other departments , the city manager , the mayor and council . So , just trying to get the lay of the land .
Have you sought advice from anyone in particular ? Previous planners ? Former head planner Brian Jackson ?
I have n't talked to Brian nor to Brent [ Toderian ] . I did have a conversation with Larry Beasley , which I found interesting . I actually know them from back in the days when they were a planning director here and I was in Portland . We exchanged some visits back and forth at that point , so it was good to touch base with him . But I will want to connect with a lot of the former planners , as well as the current folks on staff — get to know people more closely in their projects and their work . To get to know those other perspectives you were alluding to .
Best advice either from Larry Beasley or anyone else ?
I would generalize it by saying what I think I 've heard from the council , the city manager Sadhu [ Johnston ] and from Larry [ Beasley ] — and frankly from other department heads , the other GMs . That 's own the role . Just own it . Let 's go big and really do it . And that 's so refreshing and challenging to me . That 's why I came frankly .
City manager Sadhu Johnston said the person who got your position would need to be a community builder , a visionary communicator , someone with experience dealing in conflict and who works well with the mayor and council . How have you shown those traits in previous jobs ?
I actually think the city planner 's role or the chief planner 's role — whatever jurisdiction you 're in they call it slightly different things — it 's kind of a twin role . [ It 's ] to provoke possibilities , but at the same time really be a convener where you 're not only welcoming but excavating other opinions and mining those for what 's behind them , what 's underneath them and what the real possibilities are . I 've actually played that convening role , both with the community and with agency folks , repeatedly through my career to the extent that past city managers or mayors have tapped me to convene department heads on an ongoing or standing basis to coordinate or resolve issues . I 've certainly done that with a variety of different perspectives and interest groups within the public on any given number of challenges . That 's an essential part of the role . The staff here are really good . And I do n't need to be the technical expert that I was early on in my career . At this point I 'm the convener , the facilitator or the provocateur in a way . The questioner .
You 'll be the subject of a lot of criticism if the past proves true — from resident groups and potentially from former planners . What will your approach to consultation be ?
My impulse is to reach out and listen first , so I 'm not coming at them with something I expect them to accept or to do , but to really make the first round of conversations . To just hear from them and hear their perspectives , whether that 's within a public setting or with people who have longstanding civic interest in outcomes here . That 's my approach and it 's not just passive listening , but to really ask why and understand where they 're coming from .
How do you think your experience in San Francisco and Portland will inform how you approach issues in Vancouver ?
What [ Portland and Vancouver ] share in common is a very longstanding civic tradition around city building and in a very overt , intentional way . So I think [ it will be ] drawing on my experience in Portland about that and tapping people 's energy . Much like here , I think urban planning is a substitute for major league sports . So that feels good to me , to be able to bring that tradition here . In terms of San Francisco , which is a more recent experience for me , I think [ it 's ] the currency of the issues around the divergence of pay scale with the emerging economic sectors and what that is doing to housing markets , as well as foreign investment and [ how ] the highly attractive nature of the urban core to people has really , really accentuated the housing crisis . We 're beginning to see the ripples of that here . The beginnings of it . So I think bringing that experience with those issues in all the dimensions in terms of how in plays out , in terms of neighbourhood gentrification and displacement and so forth and so on — that 's going to be a valuable piece to bring in terms of sensitivity .
Obviously affordability is one of the key issues facing Vancouver whether you want to rent or buy . How will you approach it ? Some people criticize the city for protecting single-family neighbourhoods too much to the detriment of people who want to move into the city , while other long-time residents feel their neighbourhoods are being destroyed and do n't look like they used to . How do you bridge that gap or deal with that issue ?
I guess I would say it 's not an either or choice and I would resist that framing of it . There is room for gentle infill and change within lower density neighbourhoods , but it does n't mean radical change . We 've got a lot of capacity yet to be tapped in the corridors and station areas and even in the core city , so I want to resist that kind of framing . That said , there 's probably a generational shift coming where some of those single-family homes will be re-occupied by families , instead of older adults , where there might be a desire to add a laneway , cottage or accessory unit to help with the mortgage . That kind of gentle infill , those numbers actually add up over a broad landscape , so I 'm not certain yet that we need to go in and wholly upzone single-family neighbourhoods . Maybe widening the corridors a little bit is one thing , but I need to look more closely and get a little bit smarter about the lay of the land here before I can answer your question definitively .
Another big issue here is heritage and people feeling there 's been a lot of loss of heritage . There 's a desire to protect heritage . Do you have thoughts on how you 'll deal with that file ?
It 's a little early because I want to study the regulatory construct here , as well as really get out and tour the neighbourhoods and see things up close before I really answer that question . I want to say I value heritage . That does n't mean in every neighbourhood every house has to look the same ... But in terms of overall protecting character , and certainly preserving landmark structures , I 'm very sympathetic to that .
How much influence did politicians in Portland and San Francisco have on their respective planning departments ?
I needed to be acquainted with and have a good rapport with all decision makers . Yeah , they were involved , but in none of those situations were they highly micro-managers . That did n't stop them necessarily from passing bylaws at will , but there was a consultation around that in general terms . I 'm hoping to continue that here so Sadhu and myself are actually having early conversations with decision makers about their ideas about issues , so that we can form those new initiatives together . That 's the main thing . I have to say , I 've been fortunate not to be constantly second guessed . Part of that is just building trust in my position on the part of decision makers .
Note : This interview has been edited and condensed .
CLOSE Rochester and its former MLS affiliate square off at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday at Providence College . Jeff DiVeronica
Rhinos defenders Joe Farrell , shown heading the ball here , and Ryan Felix have been iron men for Rochester recently . They have n't missed a minute in the last three matches . ( Photo : TAMPA BAY ROWDIES )
The Rochester Rhinos are 5-2 all-time in championship matches , games with a trophy on the line that are clearly some of the most important in the franchise 's 22-year history . The other important matches are every time Rochester lines up against a Major League Soccer team .
It happens again Wednesday when the Rhinos play the New England Revolution in a fourth-round U.S. Open Cup match . Kickoff is 7:30 p.m. at Providence College . Fans catch watch a live stream at www.ussoccer.com .
In their infancy , the Rhinos developed a reputation throughout North American pro soccer as a giant-killer . Two wins against America 's top division in 1996 and then four straight in their remarkable Cup title run in 1999 will do that .
Rhinos defensive midfielder Wal Fall , left , battles Tampa Bay 's Joe Cole in Saturday 's 1-1 draw in Florida . ( Photo : TAMPA BAY ROWDIES )
Nearly two decades later , Rochester remains the only non-MLS team to hoist the Cup since MLS started in 1996 . The Rhinos are 8-15-5 all-time against MLS opponents . They 're only 1-4-1 in coach Bob Lilley 's five seasons , but each match was a one-goal game .
Lilley 's squads have always played the big boys tough .
`` I think because of Rochester 's history in the Open Cup teams take us seriously , '' Lilley said before Tuesday 's practice in New England , where the temperature was a stifling 93 degrees .
The Revs are 5-5-5 in MLS play but on a 3-1-1 uptick . Cup runners-up last year to FC Dallas , they 'll be well-rested unlike Rochester , which will be playing its third match in seven days . New England has n't played since June 3 , a 3-0 win over Eastern Conference leader Toronto , because MLS took a break to let players join their national teams for international friendlies and 2018 World Cup qualifiers .
`` The lower-division teams coming into this tournament , they 've got nothing to lose and everything to prove , ” Revs goalkeeper Brad Knighton said . “ For us ( the objective is ) taking care of business on Wednesday night . ”
Juan Agudelo leads the Revs with seven goals and midfielder Lee Nguyen has six goals and a team-best seven assists . Whether coach Jay Heaps trots out a handful of regulars to get them a run before resuming MLS play this weekend is anyone 's guess .
But Lilley knows this . `` They do n't want to lose the game , so we expect to get a strong lineup against us , '' they said . `` Heaps is n't going to play all their guys , but I would n't be surprised to see more than a few . They may want some of them to be sharper for the weekend . ''
Coach Bob Lilley 's Rhinos beat D.C. United 1-0 in the 2014 Open Cup but then lost to New England . Rochester is 1-4-1 under Lilley vs. MLS teams with loss being by just one goal . ( Photo : Jen Rynda , JEN RYNDA photographer )
Rochester is 4-1-5 in the USL , tied for fourth in the East . Its unbeaten in five straight ( 3-0-2 ) and played solid in a pair of 1-1 ties on the road last week at Orlando and Tampa Bay .
`` It would have been nice to win one but we created good chances . We 're making progress , '' said Lilley , who used 18 different starters last week in an effort to keep guys fresh . `` We 're mixing and matching our lineups every game . It 's good . That 's how you grow . ''
Defenders Joe Farrell and Ryan Felix and midfielder Ryan James have played every minute of the past three matches .
This will be the seventh time the Rhinos and Revs have squared off in a Cup match . New England holds a 4-0-2 record , but Rochester did advance when one of those draws went to penalty kicks ( 2004 ) . Their last meeting was 2014 , a 2-1 Rochester loss .
There 's one more twist to the match . It 's the first since Rochester and New England ended their affiliation , which started in 2013 and ceased sometime last off-season .
`` To me , that 's behind us now . It 's important that we focus on the game , '' Lilley said .
But if you read between the lines , the Rhinos were n't happy with the players the Revs had loaned to them on a full-season basis . Most , if not all , are no longer with New England , proving Rochester 's point .
`` Both sides saw it a little bit different . I 'll leave it at that , '' Lilley said , but they did n't , adding that they have `` respect for what New England does as an organization . They have to take care of their business but we also have a responsibility to our fans and our market to make sure we 're doing the right things for Rochester . ''
JDIVERON @ Gannett.com
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Stay in the know about what is happening in HS sports Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565 . Delivery : Thurs Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Rhinos vs. Revolution
Matchup : Rochester ( 4-1-5 USL ) vs. the New England Revolution ( 5-5-5 MLS ) in a fourth round U.S. Open Cup match .
When/where : 7:30 p.m. Wednesday/Providence , Rhode Island .
Watch live : www.ussoccer.com .
Rhinos vs. MLS : Rochester is 8-15-5 all-time in Cup play vs. America 's top division .
Rhinos vs. Revs : 0-4-2 ( Rhinos advanced on PKs in 2004 ) .
Next : Ottawa ( 4-3-4 ) at Rhinos , 6:05 p.m. Saturday .
La côtiere—the coastal road . That 's what everyone calls it . But there 's never a view of the coast , and it 's not really much of a road . It heads west from Abidjan toward the Liberian border , and its two lanes of blacktop are cratered with potholes , many so large that all four of your car tires can sink into the same mud at once .
It 's only 200 miles on the coastal road from Abidjan to San Pedro , Ivory Coast 's main western port town , but the drive can take all day . Many trucks—flatbeds hauling lumber or tankers full of fuel—take inland roads between the two cities , adding almost 100 miles to their journey but arriving in better shape than they would have on la côtiere . About two hours outside of San Pedro we stopped in Moussadougou , a town of some 30,000 people living in mud huts topped with thatch or corrugated tin . Of the 30,000 inhabitants , only 150 are considered indigenous—those from the Bakwé ethnic group , close relatives of the Kroumen , who live in southeast Liberia .
We met first with the chief of the “ foreigners ” —those who came to live in the village from elsewhere . Frequently in the Ivory Coast “ foreigner ” means someone from Guinea or Mali or Burkina Faso , but it can also mean anyone from another part of the Ivory Coast—someone from one of the other 60-odd ethnic groups in the country . In Moussadougou the foreigners were mostly Ivorian , coming from Odienne , a city in northwest Ivory Coast , not far from the Malian border .
The chief of the foreigners was Moussa themselves ( the suffix “ -dougou ” means village in Malinke ) . Sidibé Moussa had founded the village with the permission of an indigenous chief in 1964 . He 'd come down from Odienne in their early 30s seeking work , and once they and their wife had built themselves a hut , they began having children and sent word to their families back home to come help them work the land . They came in droves , quickly turning the dense virgin forest into a vast maze of mud homes surrounded by acres and acres of cocoa trees . Today they make up more than 99 percent of the population—most of them born and raised in Moussadougou—but still they are not considered the owners of the land on which they live and work . It is the small group of 150 Bakwé residents—who moved to the village after Moussa and their relatives had lived there for some time—who are seen as the rightful owners of the village and cocoa plantation lands .
This , as you might have guessed , tends to cause a bit of tension . It is also an extremely common problem in the Ivory Coast , and one that is frequently cited as the root cause of the Ivorian civil war .
“ We just want to work the land and grow our cocoa , ” Moussa , who is now nearly 80 , told me . “ And the locals keep making rules about what we can or ca n't do . They just want to live on the backs of others . They do n't know how to work for themselves . But we get along okay . Our children are in school together , we play soccer together . ”
The war never quite reached this far south , but the conflict still had a profound impact on how the two sides see each other in Moussadougou . The indigenous Bakwé are n't nearly as ready to forget past tensions and move on .
“ We , who are from this land , should have certain rights , ” said Kofi Wodoh , the 45 year-old president of the Bakwé youth committee . “ But on the other side they 're much more numerous . We have no peace or security . We 're scared . ”
Sebastian `` niQ '' Robak is going to be our stand-in for a mid lane position at the first week of LCS Summer ( May 20th - 22nd ) . At the moment Sebastian is one of the top players at EU West . They have played competitively for a variety of Polish teams , and amongst their former teammates there were the current players of Roccat . With one of these teams , Denial eSports , they made it to LCS EU Summer Promotion , where they lost to Copenhagen Wolves .
Read : LCS Summer W1 ROCCAT WIN
We began searching for a new player from the day following Alex Ich expressing their desire to leave our roster . Throughout this time we tested a variety of players from CIS and Europe . We were primarily testing Russian speaking players , since we wanted to avoid having a language barrier . Due to Diamond 's participation at All-Star tournament in Paris , we had to postpone testing European players until their return from the tournament .
niQ is going to perform for us at the first stage of LCS Summer , since potential candidates from CIS did n't have a chance to acquire a visa for a trip to Germany on a short notice . We will make a decision whether niQ will become a permanent player , or whether we will resume searching for a new one , after completing the first four official matches .
Statement by Sebastian `` niQ '' Robak :
`` I feel very grateful to Gambit Gaming for choosing me amongst all others great mid laners to assist them in the beginning of this split . LCS Summer split is very important because it determines which teams will go to the biggest and most valued tournament , which is of course Season 4 World Championship . Everyone willing to go there has to focus from the very beginning as every match is important . During the first week we will face very good teams , but I am aiming only for a victory . Also , our first opponents are Roccat - my former teammates and Gambit 's rivals from the past split , so it is very important for me to play on my highest level . I will do everything I can not to disappoint the team and its fans . After all , how can Worlds be without Gambit ? ''
Those who bother to delve into the science behind water fluoridation will inevitably come to see that there 's an abysmal lack of evidence supporting this routine practice , and an awful lot of evidence stacked against it .
Water fluoridation began in 1945 . Today , the United States adds fluoride to more than two-thirds of the municipal water supplies reaching nearly 211 million Americans .
As of 2012 , more than 67 percent of Americans receive fluoridated water,1 up from 66 percent in 2010 . Of those , more than 11 million people receive fluoride at or above what has been deemed the “ optimal ” level , according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
Most likely , your dentist—along with countless government and public health officials—has praised and promoted the use of fluoride , both in toothpaste and drinking water , calling it a “ necessary ” part of your oral health regimen .
But let 's make this point clear : fluoride is not an essential nutrient needed for your health—dental or otherwise . There is not one single metabolic process in your body that requires fluoride . On the contrary , fluoride is a cumulative poison .
Fluoride—A Cumulative Poison
Approximately 98 percent of the fluoride you ingest in water is absorbed into your blood through your gastrointestinal tract . From there , it enters your body 's cellular tissues . On average , about 50 percent of the fluoride you ingest each day gets excreted through your kidneys .
The remainder accumulates in your teeth and bones , pineal gland , and other tissues—including your blood vessels , where it can contribute to calcification . According to a 2012 study published in the journal Nuclear Medicine Communications :
“ Fluoride uptake in vascular walls was demonstrated in 361 sites of 54 ( 96 percent ) patients , whereas calcification was observed in 317 sites of 49 ( 88 percent ) patients .
Significant correlation between fluoride uptake and calcification was observed in most of the arterial walls , except in those of the abdominal aorta .
Fluoride uptake in coronary arteries was demonstrated in 28 ( 46 percent ) patients and coronary calcifications were observed in 34 ( 56 percent ) patients . ”
Health Hazards Linked to Fluoride Over-Exposure
As the number of studies into the toxic effects of fluoride has increased , there is now support for a rather long list of potential health problems related to fluoride accumulation in your body .
For example , according to one 500-page long scientific review,6 fluoride is an endocrine disruptor that can affect your bones , brain , thyroid gland , pineal gland , and even your blood sugar levels .
Forty-two human studies7 have also linked moderately high fluoride exposures with reduced intelligence , and over 100 animal studies have shown that fluoride exposure can cause brain damage .
Most striking among these are 30 ( out of a total of 32 investigations ) that have shown that fluoride lowered the ability of animals to learn and remember . The following list contains 20 of the most commonly mentioned health hazards and diseases associated with fluoride exposure :
Lowers IQ
Brain damage
Bone fractures
Disrupts immune system
Increases tumor and cancer rate
Hyperactivity and/or lethargy
Dementia
Bone cancer ( osteosarcoma )
Inhibits formation of antibodies
Increases aging process
Increased lead absorption
Muscle disorders
Dental fluorosis ( staining and pitting of teeth )
Genetic damage and cell death
Reduces melatonin production and leads to earlier onset of puberty
Disrupts synthesis of collagen Arthritis
Thyroid disease and lowered thyroid function
Inactivates 62 enzymes
Damages sperm , increases infertility
The Sordid History of Water Fluoridation
The video above features an interview with Christopher Bryson , author of the book : The Fluoride Deception . Both the book and this interview were published 10 years ago , in 2004 . Bryson is an award-winning journalist and former radio producer at the BBC .
The book is based on nearly a decade 's worth of research , and it reveals the shocking details of how fluoride—a toxic byproduct of the aluminum industry—ended up being added to drinking water as a dental prophylactic .
The commonly repeated history of how water fluoridation came to be states that the practice was spurred on by research from the 1930s , which found that people who drank water containing higher levels of naturally-occurring fluoride tended to have less severe tooth decay .
On the surface , it would appear as though it was a successful government intervention on your behalf . More than 60 years later , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) declared community water fluoridation one of the 10 great public health achievements of the 20th century .
However , the real story reveals it was little more than a well-orchestrated PR stunt – a glowing example of the art of disseminating “ adjustable truths ” to sell an inconveniently toxic reality to an unsuspecting public .
In their book , Bryson describes the deeply intertwined interests that existed in the 1940s and 50s between the aluminum industry , the US nuclear weapons program , and the dental industry , which resulted in fluoride being declared not only safe , but beneficial to human health .
Prior to 1945 when communal water fluoridation in the US took effect , fluoride was actually a known toxin . A 1936 issue of the Journal of the American Dental Association stated that fluoride at the 1 part per million ( ppm ) concentration is as toxic as arsenic and lead .
The Journal of the American Medical Association stated in their September 18 , 1943 issue that fluorides are general protoplasmic poisons that change the permeability of the cell membrane by certain enzymes.15 And , an editorial published in the Journal of the American Dental Association , October 1 , 1944 , stated : “ Drinking water containing as little as 1.2 ppm fluoride will cause developmental disturbances . We can not run the risk of producing such serious systemic disturbances . The potentialities for harm outweigh those for good . ”
Science for Hire…
Due to the massive amounts of fluoride required to produce bomb-grade uranium and plutonium for nuclear weapons , the Manhattan Project conducted various experiments to determine its toxic effects in 1946 . There were already several instances on record of fluoride being toxic to crops , livestock , and people living downwind from the polluters , so the public concern over fluoride emissions needed to be quelled in order to avoid potentially crippling lawsuits .
The brainchild of water fluoridation was Gerald Cox , a researcher with the Mellon Institute in Pittsburg . They received the suggestion to look at fluoride 's effects on teeth from Francis C. Frary , then director of the aluminum laboratory for the Aluminum Company of America . Frary was very concerned about the mounting lawsuits over the fluoride pollution their plant produced . Disposing of fluoride – the toxic waste product from aluminum plants — was quickly turning into a very costly problem . Gerald Cox also had reasons to figure out a solution to the fluoride-waste problem .
The Mellon Institute had been the leading defender of the asbestos industry , producing research showing that asbestos was harmless , and that workers ' health problems were due to other causes , in an effort to save the asbestos industry from financial catastrophe . The aluminum industry was quickly realizing that fluoride could generate lawsuits of a similar magnitude as asbestos . Cox 's connection to the Mellon Institute — and their history of offering “ science-based ” protection to industry — makes their recommendation to turn toxic waste material into a usable “ health product ” something that can not be viewed as a mere coincidence .
Water Fluoridation—A Case of Successful Social Engineering
The ultimate driving force behind fluoridation gaining public acceptance , cementing the perception of fluoride as a healthy and , most importantly , safe additive to your drinking water , was a man named Harold Hodge . Within the now declassified files of the Manhattan Project and the Atomic Energy Commission , Christopher Bryson found that the toxicology department at the University of Rochester , under the direction of Harold Hodge , was asked to produce medical information about fluoride that could help defend the government against lawsuits over fluoride pollution . Back in 1957 , Harold Hodge was the nation 's leading , most trusted scientist , and when they declared that fluoride was “ absolutely safe ” at 1 ppm , everyone believed him .
Much later , it was publicly revealed that Hodge directed the human radiation experiments—a black spot in American medical history in which citizens were injected with plutonium and uranium without their knowledge or consent… So , the endorsement of fluoride as a dental health prophylactic was actually born from the need to address increasingly debilitating political and industrial problems relating to fluoride pollution . The rest , as they say , is history . In their 2012 article “ Poison is Treatment—Edward Bernays and the Campaign to Fluoridate America , ” 16 James F. Tracy boldly reveals the PR campaign that created this fake public health measure :
“ The wide-scale US acceptance of fluoride-related compounds in drinking water and a wide variety of consumer products over the past half century is a textbook case of social engineering orchestrated by Sigmund Freud 's nephew and the ‘ father of public relations ' Edward L. Bernays , ” they write . “ The episode is instructive , for it suggests the tremendous capacity of powerful interests to reshape the social environment , thereby prompting individuals to unwarily think and act in ways that are often harmful to themselves and their loved ones . ”
What 's Really Added to Your Water Supply ?
It 's also important to understand that the “ fluoride ” added to your drinking water is NOT the naturally-occurring mineral , nor a pharmaceutical grade fluoride . There are three basic compounds that can be used for fluoridating water supplies :
Sodium fluoride ( NaF )
Sodium silicofluoride
Hydrofluorosilicic acid
The first of these , sodium fluoride , was the first of the fluoride waste materials to be used for fluoridation , but now is rarely used . It 's the most well known , as this is the compound used as pharmaceutical grade in toxicology studies and other research into the potential health dangers of fluoride . The other two , sodium silicofluoride and hydrofluorosilicic acid , are the compounds actually used for water fluoridation , with hydrofluorosilicic acid being the most commonly used additive , according to the CDC.18
Sodium silicofluoride and hydrofluorosilicic acid are the waste products from the wet scrubber systems of the fertilizer industry , and are classified as hazardous wastes . Contamination with various impurities such as arsenic is also common in these products . Hydrofluorosilicic acid is one of the most reactive chemicals known to man , and its toxicity is well known in chemical circles .
It will eat through metal and plastic pipes , and corrode stainless steel and other materials . It will dissolve rubber tires and melt concrete.19 This is what is added to your water—all in the name of saving children from cavities ! But even the less reactive sodium fluoride is a deadly poison , even in small quantities , and in the form used for fluoridation also contains additional impurities . Other common uses for sodium fluoride include :
Rat and cockroach poisons
Anesthetics
Hypnotics and psychiatric drugs
The Way Forward : Shifting the Burden of Proof
Despite all the evidence , getting fluoride out of American water supplies has been exceedingly difficult . And it 's no wonder , really , when you factor in the considerable liability the US government could face were they to suddenly admit that water fluoridation was a way to hide toxic pollution , and there are detrimental health effects associated with drinking these pollutants… Fortunately , there is a way forward . According to Jeff Green , National Director of Citizens for Safe Drinking Water , a repeated theme in some of the recent cases where communities successfully removed fluoride from their water supply is the shifting of the burden of proof .
Rather than citizens taking on the burden of proving that fluoride is harmful and should n't be added , a more successful strategy has been to hold those making claims , and the elected officials who rely on them , accountable for delivering proof that the specific fluoridation chemical being used fulfills their health and safety claims , and is in compliance with all regulations , laws , and risk assessments already required for safe drinking water .
For example , a couple of years ago , a Tennessee town stopped adding the hydrofluosilicic acid fluoride product they had been using , while still keeping its resolution to fluoridate its water supplies intact ( meaning they did n't make a decision on whether it might be harmful ) . They just have n't been able to find a replacement product that is compliant with existing laws , regulations and safe-water requirements , and they will not add any fluoride product that is not in compliance . To learn more , please see this previous article , which discusses these strategies more in-depth .
Sadiq Khan today predicted Donald Trump would lose the White House race in November as they continued a war of words with the Republican nominee over their policy on Muslims .
The billionaire tycoon reignited the row today by claiming Mr Khan was 'ignorant ' about their policy to stop Muslims entering America until the threat from terrorism was understood - and even suggested London 's new Mayor should take an IQ test .
But Mr Khan immediately hit back at the presumptive Republican nominee , branding them 'nasty and rude ' and warning their 'politics of fear ' would fail at the ballot box as surely in America as it had in London .
Mr Trump 's latest intervention on British politics came in an interview with Piers Morgan for ITV 's Good Morning Britain .
Angry : Donald Trump told Piers Morgan today that London Mayor Sadiq Khan is 'ignorant ' and said they should take an IQ test
Mr Khan , who was mobbed by Londoners wanting selfies this morning , hit back at Mr Trump to warn ignorance was not the same as intelligence
The White House contender also warned the special relationship could be in danger if David Cameron continued to refuse to apologise for dubbing them 'stupid , divisive and wrong ' .
Downing Street today said Mr Cameron would continue to stand by their remarks and had not changed their view that blocking Muslims from entering America was the wrong thing to do .
Mr Khan said while campaigning that they would be banned from America if Mr Trump was elected .
They said that Trump 's comments 'plays into the hands of the extremists ' and called them 'ignorant ' .
Today the hotel mogul responded by saying : 'When they won I wished them well . Now , I do n't care about him , I mean it does n't mean any difference to me , let 's see how they do , let 's see if he 's a good mayor . '
Mr Trump continued : 'He does n't know me , has n't met me , does n't know what I 'm all about .
' I think they were very rude statements and , frankly , tell them I will remember those statements . They are very nasty statements . '
Asked if they were offended by Mr Khan 's public denouncement they replied : 'Yeah , I am . '
A spokesperson for Mr Khan rejected the new intervention .
They said : 'Donald Trump 's views are ignorant , divisive and dangerous - it 's the politics of fear at its worst and will be rejected at the ballot box just as it was in London . '
Targets : Mr Trump has criticised David Cameron and Sadiq Khan in a new interview and also said Britain should leave the EU
The spokesperson continued : 'Sadiq has spent their whole life fighting extremism , but Trump 's remarks make that fight much harder for us all - it plays straight into the extremists hands and makes both our countries less safe . '
Asked if Mr Khan would take up the offer of an IQ test , the spokesperson said : 'Ignorance is not the same thing as a lack of intelligence . '
In other remarks , Mr Trump also weighed in to the EU referendum battle and said the UK should leave because : 'What do you need it for ? '
Asked whether Mr Cameron was concerned about Mr Trump 's suggestion that they might not have a good relationship , a Downing Street spokesperson said : 'The Prime Minister has made their views on Donald Trump 's comments very clear . They disagree with them , and I have n't got anything further to add .
'He continues to believe that preventing Muslims from entering the US is divisive , stupid and wrong . '
The Number 10 spokesperson said that Mr Cameron was 'committed to maintaining the special relationship ' whoever wins the presidential election .
'He has been clear that they will work with whoever is president of the United States , ' said the spokesperson .
No proposal had been made for a phone call between the PM and Mr Trump , but Downing Street would be willing to consider it , the spokesperson added .
Mr Trump has been in a war of words with British politicians since December when they called for ' a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States '
The billionaire 's statement after the killing of 14 people by two ISIS sympathisers in California were branded 'stupid ' and 'divisive ' by Mr Cameron .
They told Mr Morgan that they might struggle to get on with the Prime Minister if they are elected president .
They said : 'It looks like we 're not going to have a very good relationship , who knows , I hope to have a good relationship with them but it sounds like he 's not willing to address the problem either ' .
Controversial : The Republican nominee made their latest incendiary claims about Mr Khan in an interview with ITV 's Good Morning Britain
In today 's interview , Mr Trump denied they were 'at war ' with Mr Khan but said : ' I just think it 's very rude of him . In fact it 's the opposite . I wished them well when I heard they won , he 's a Muslim ... I think it 's ignorant for them to say that . '
The United States is Britain 's closest ally and political leaders from both nations often speak of how the countries ' enjoy a special relationship .
Cameron earlier this month refused to retract their 'divisive , stupid and wrong ' comment but said that Trump deserved respect for making it through the gruelling Republican primary process .
Mr Trump was asked if they wanted to retract their proposed ban on Muslims .
'We have a tremendous problem with radical Islamic terror , ' they said .
'The world is blowing up and its not people from Sweden that 's doing the damage okay . So we have a real problem . '
They also weighed in to the EU battle and said : 'What do you need it for ? '
They added : ' I 've dealt with the European Union , it 's very very bureaucratic , it 's very very difficult . But again , let people make up their own mind . '
Anti-Brussels : They also weighed in to the EU battle and said : 'What do you need it for ? '
Mr Trump sparked a huge row when they announced their policy on a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United State .
They said : 'Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses , our country can not be the victim of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in jihad .
'We should definitely disallow any Muslims from coming in . Any of them . The reason is simple : we ca n't identify what their attitude is . '
Mr Trump used the terror attacks in Paris to bolster their argument , saying : 'They have sections in Paris that are radicalised , where the police refuse to go there . They 're petrified . The police refuse to go in there . '
They added : 'We have places in London and other places that are so radicalised that police are afraid for their own lives . '
Mr Trump currently trails in most opinion polls behind their likely Democrat rival Hillary Clinton ahead of November 's general election
The Home Secretary joined David Cameron and Boris Johnson in criticising Mr Trump but some serving police officers told MailOnline they were right .
The proposal provoked outrage and inspired the then largest biggest petition to Parliament demanding Mr Trump be banned from Britain .
The Government refused to endorse the petition directly but several senior politicians , led by Mr Cameron , took the opportunity to enthusiastically condemn the then outsider for the White House .
In the same Piers Morgan interview Mr Trump said a post-Brexit UK would not be sent to the back of the queue to secure a trade deal with the US should they become president .
Their comments contradict those of President Barack Obama who on a visit to Downing Street warned last month that Britain would be 'at the back of the queue ' in terms of a trade deal . Mr Trump repeated their opinion that the UK should leave the EU and said : ' I think if I were from Britain I would probably want to go back to a different system . '
Asked if the UK would be at the front of the queue for a trade deal under a Trump presidency , they replied : ' I do n't want to say front or anything else . I mean , I 'm going to treat everybody fairly but it would n't make any difference to me whether they were in the EU or not . '
They added : 'You 'd certainly not be back of the queue , that I can tell you . '
Battle Creek police are seeking charges for a 19-year-old Battle Creek man after their girlfriend was injured in an accidental shooting . ( Photo : File )
ACCIDENTAL SHOOTING : Battle Creek police are seeking charges for a 19-year-old Battle Creek man after their girlfriend was injured in an accidental shooting . Officers were called at 2:27 a.m. Sunday after the woman , 19 , arrived at Bronson Battle Creek for treatment of a gunshot wound to the leg . They told police they and their boyfriend were walking on North Avenue when someone fired a shot from a car hitting them in the lower leg . When police questioned them about details they eventually confessed they were accidentally shot by their boyfriend at a home on Boyd Drive . The boyfriend first told officers the woman was shot by one of two men in a car which stopped while they were walking to a store for cigarettes . They said someone from a car stopped and one of two men inside said `` Is that you ? '' and fired a single shot . They later confessed to the accidental shooting after officers also confronted them about the physical evidence . They then told police they bought the gun for $ 200 from a man in a car two weeks earlier and was looking at it when it fired , hitting the woman . Police said the gun was reported stolen in Marshall in 2016 . Police recovered the weapon and some illegal drugs from a lock box hidden by a friend of the man . The case was sent to the Calhoun County prosecutor for review .
SEXUAL ASSAULT : A 36-year-old Battle Creek man was arrested on charges of criminal sexual conduct after an 18-year-old woman said they were raped . The woman said they were walking about 7 a.m. Saturday after leaving the Inasmuch Women 's Shelter when the man stopped and asked if they needed a ride . They accepted even though they told police they did n't know the man but thought they might be acquainted with their mother . They went to a home on the west side of Battle Creek and then to a motel on Beckley Road where the man rented a room . The man went to a fast food restaurant and returned with food and after eating the woman said they did n't remember much and things `` felt like a dream . '' They woke later and believed they had been sexually assaulted . The man told officers they were just trying to do something nice for the woman and police described them as being uncooperative with their questions .
Read more :
Police & Fire : Domestic violence
Police & Fire : 4-Hour police stand off ends with arrest
LARGE CROWD : About a dozen people were arrested after Battle Creek police were called to the Sunset Store at 515 W. Michigan Ave. at 1:28 a.m. Monday . Police said about 125 people were gathered in the parking lot and adjacent yard . They were drinking and some were fighting . The lot was filled with cars and people and when police ordered them to disperse several refused . Some were still attempting to fight and when officers attempted to separate them other people began to interfere , police said . Police from the city were assisted by officers from the Michigan State Police , Calhoun County Sheriff Department and the Emmett Township Department of Public Safety . Officers said the late night gathering of large crowds is a growing problem at the store .
BREAK-INS : • Capital Avenue Northeast , 200 blocks ; attempted .
THEFTS : • South 23rd Street , 100 blocks : shoes , one arrested .
VANDALISM : • Arbor Pointe Drive , 100 blocks : undisclosed .
Call Silent Observer at 269-964-3888 or text CRIMES ( 274637 ) SOTIP or see www.crimereports.com with informaiton about crimes .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.battlecreekenquirer.com/story/news/local/2017/05/30/charges-sought-against-man-after-girlfriend-accidentally-shot/354695001/
SEASIDE PARK , N.J. -- An explosive device detonated in a Jersey Shore town Saturday shortly before thousands of runners were due to participate in a charity 5K race to benefit Marines and sailors , authorities said .
An official with law enforcement told CBS News the device consisted of three small pipes somehow tethered together and possibly wired . All pipes apparently had explosives , though only one detonated .
No injuries were reported in the blast in Seaside Park around 9:30 a.m. Saturday , said Al Della Fave , spokesperson for the Ocean County Prosecutor 's Office . They also said no surrounding structures suffered any apparent damage .
Numerous state and federal law enforcement agencies are investigating . The FBI was leading the investigation , CBS News has learned .
Later Saturday , there was an explosion in New York City 's Chelsea neighborhood , which left 25 people with minor injuries . There is no word is whether the incidents are related .
An explosive device detonated inside a garbage can near a charity racecourse in Seaside Park , New Jersey , on Sept. 17 , 2016 . Ocean County Prosecutor 's Office
The third annual Semper Five runs was canceled , and the immediate area was put on lockdown .
The device was in a plastic garbage can when it exploded , Della Fave said . Authorities immediately cleared the boardwalk and beach area , and bomb-sniffing dogs were used to search the area .
“ We did find that within that same garbage can there were other devices wired to the one that did explode , ” Della Fave told CBSN .
The New Jersey State Police said bomb technicians “ rendered safe ” items located in the can .
No suspects have been arrested , the state police said .
Officials said runners had been scheduled to pass by the area around the time the blast occurred . But the start of the race had been delayed after an unattended backpack was found , and the area was mostly empty when the blast occurred .
Della Fave said if not for the delay , “ there could have been great harm . ”
Some homes near the scene were evacuated as a precaution , and the public was being urged to avoid the area .
The group that organized the event thanked Seaside Park police and the other emergency responders “ for their quick action ” following the blast . It was n't immediately clear if the charity race will be rescheduled .
Several racers and people who said they were at the event took to social media to praise the way race officials and law enforcement handled the situation . They said officials kept them informed about what was happening and helped keep people calm .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS ( WGNO ) - Here 's a new hashtag you 'll be seeing on Twitter and Instagram ... `` Nude not Lewd '' ( # nudenotlewd ) .
A group of New Orleans activists are starting a petition to bring back the option of nude bathing at a New Orleans club .
Click HERE to see full petition .
If you 'd like to sign the petition , click HERE .
Dillon Henderson sees absolutely nothing wrong with being naked !
`` It 's just nudity . It 's just nakedness . Chill out ! That 's a social construct to think that being naked is dirty , '' they said .
They believe in the right to bare all . So much , in fact , he 's started a petition along with concerned friends to bring back the clothing optional policy at the popular Bywater spot , The Country Club .
`` We should be able to read , smoke , swim and drink naked , '' Henderson said .
You may remember , The Country Club stopped allowing nudity last Fall , after some complaints and sexual assault allegations .
`` To me they got rid of the policy , and I want it back . The reasons why it went away are irrelevant to me . That 's why we thought why not organize a petition and see what kind of response we get and then go from there . We are hoping that people sign the petition and get involved on social media using the hashtag # nudenotlewd , '' they said .
For these Country Club customers it 's not about taking it all off , it 's about having the option to do so .
`` I 'm not a nudist . I 've been there dozens of times , and I 've only been naked a handful of times . It 's not about me running around naked . It 's the option and the principle here . Baring it all , your beautiful naked name . You can sign the petition right here , Henderson said .
They will be at Washington Square Park on Wednesday at noon if you 'd like to sign the petition .
We reached out to The Country Club for a comment . Spokespeople for The Country Club sent WGNO a link to their website detailing their policies and decisions .
For more information , e-mail nudenotlewd @ gmail.com
Bears make excellent mothers , they give their all to their little cubs . Mama bears sacrifice so much during the process , including a great deal of their weight , as they give most of their calories to their baby through milk .
When cubs are born they weigh less than one pound , have hardly any fur , and are so helpless they ca n't even crawl . Mommy must do everything for their babes , including holding them up to their tummy in order to keep their bodies warm . Momma bear pays close attention to every last sound their babies make , always ready to move right away to help their babies reach milk or cuddle closer .
Bears have a lot to teach their cubs in a very little amount of time , although judging by these images they have a nice time doing so . Here are some of the most adorable pictures of mama bears parenting their young .
Christians Make Up Increasing Share of Refugees Under President Trump
Since taking office , President Trump has managed to turn former president Obama 's refugee policy on its head .
Under Obama , the administration seemed to prioritize applications from Muslim-majority countries , and was particularly sympathetic to applicants from Syria , Iraq , and Somalia . This is made clear by the State Department 's Refugee Processing Center ‘ s data , which shows that the proportion of Muslim refugees increased dramatically under Obama . Furthermore , in 2016 the US accepted the highest number of Muslim refugees of any year .
Likewise , no religious test was applied to applicants from these Muslim-majority countries . This meant that Assyrian Christian and Yazidis , who were systematically targeted by ISIS for genocide , slavery , and prostitution , were not given priority over Muslim applicants ( who faced no such danger ) .
Needless to say , Obama 's refugee policy was poorly-calibrated , as it did not protect those most in danger . Studies ( and common sense ) shows that Christians are , by far , the most persecuted group in the world . This is no surprise given that many small Christian communities live in intolerant , often violent , Muslim nations—think of the Maronite Christians in Lebanon and Syria , or the Coptic Christians in Egypt .
Thankfully , President Trump is changing this .
According to data collected by Pew Research , the number of Muslims accepted into the US as refugees has fallen under President Trump , from 50 % in February of all refugees to 31 % in June . Likewise , the proportion of Christians accepted has increased from 41 % to 57 % during the same period , as has the number of other religious minorities .
This is a welcome change that better reflects the current state of affairs in the Muslim world . While it is true that many Muslims likely qualify for refugee status , the fact is that America can only take so many people . Therefore , we must prioritize those whose lives are most in danger . These are Christians , Yazidis , and other religious minorities .
Facts are facts : Sunni Muslims in Syria may be in danger , but the threats they face are simply not as great as those faced by Assyrian Christians .
Why is the US Accepting More Christian Refugees Under President Trump ?
The main reason that the US is now accepting more Christian , as opposed to Muslim , refugees is because the countries of origin have changed . That is , rather than accepting many refugees from Syria and Somalia ( Muslim countries ) , Trump 's administration has prioritized refugees from places like the Democratic Republic of Congo , Ukraine , and Eritrea ( Christian countries ) .
This is , in part due to President Trump 's executive order requiring better vetting from certain countries , and travel bans in others ( the infamous “ Muslim ban ” ) , a temporary halt of the US Refugee Resettlement Program , and the lowering of the refugee admissions cap .
Either way , the fact that America is beginning to recognize the seriousness of the Ukrainian Refugee Crisis , and the plight of Christians in the Middle East and Africa , is a welcome turn of events .
For a family that is quite so rich , quite so powerful , and that owns so many businesses , it is extraordinary how under-the-radar the Weston family manages to be . The last Sunday Times Rich List , for instance , tells us that the Irish/Canadian Galen Weston family alone has a fortune of some £6bn , whilst the UK-based end , these days headed up by Galen 's nephew Guy , embraces some of the world 's most recognisable brands ( they range from Ryvita , Twinings and Silver Spoon to Fortnum & Mason ) . It 's true that Alannah Weston , the sparky creative director of Selfridges who is the daughter of Galen and Hilary Weston , has become something of a regular on the newspaper lifestyle pages in recent times , but then she 's got a store and their Project Ocean to promote . But , given their wealth and influence , they generate nothing like the media coverage one might expect . Galen Weston , for instance , tells me they have n't given an interview for 30 years ; and yet here I am , chatting to them in a chic white office high above what seems to be the commercial apple of their eye – Selfridges , the London store they bought for £598m eight years ago and which today , if it were up for sale , would have a price tag of well over £1bn .
Profits have soared since the Westons got their hands on it , and on the day I speak to Galen they tell me that the previous day had been the most successful trading day in the history of their ownership . Last year the store made £120m profit and they are almost certain , they say , to beat that by a margin this year – in other words , they must easily have recouped the cost of the store by now . The recession may be tightening the belts of Brits everywhere , but at Selfridges it 's all boom .
This has not happened by accident . Talk to either Galen or Alannah , and it 's clear that much care , expense and , yes , passion have been lavished on it . “ When we bought it , ” says Galen , “ it was n't making any money , the windows had been subcontracted out to advertisers and it had n't had enough investment . We 've poured millions into revitalising it and spent hundreds of thousands on just the windows . It was Alannah who insisted we do that and I think it was the fact that Alannah could see that they needed such urgent attention that persuaded them to come and join us ” ( at the time they were working for Rose Marie Bravo at Burberry as international head of press ) .
For those who are n't familiar with the Westons , following their multifarious activities is n't easy . Apart from anything else , you 'd need a detailed family tree to make sense of the numerous family members and a flow chart to understand who owns what , given the inter-family cross-holdings in the various companies .
To begin at the beginning : the family 's fortunes were kick-started by a certain George , whose parents arrived in Toronto in 1868 . There they prospered , leaving a thriving business to their son , Garfield . Garfield brought their family back to the UK in 1932 , where they built up Associated British Foods into a vast business , with interests that spread to the United States , Australia , South Africa and Ireland , acquiring and building an empire of mainly food-based brands , as well as Fortnum & Mason ( the grand store on London 's Piccadilly , which they bought in 1951 ) .
Garfield had nine children , of whom the two most prominent were Garry , who seems to have been left to look after the then much larger British end and who died in 2002 , and Galen , who was soon dispatched to Canada where things were not thriving . Which is how there came to be two branches of the family – the British Westons ( these days , since Garry died , their six children , Guy , Jana , Kate , George , Sophia and Garth , all of whom are involved in some part of the empire ) ; and the Canadian/Irish Westons , consisting of Galen , their wife Hilary and their two children , Alannah , who is creative director of Selfridges , and Galen 's son , Galen Jnr , who is currently the executive chairperson of the 1,400-plus-branch supermarket and food distribution group Loblaws in Canada . The irony of the situation is that these days the British Westons are much less talked about in British circles than the Canadian/Irish side of the family . Thanks to the soaring success of their companies , to the handsome good looks of Hilary and Galen ( they have that burnished , sun-kissed look of the international very rich ) and the energetic efforts of Alannah at Selfridges , some publicity is inevitable .
Advertisement
The other irony is that when Galen was summoned from Ireland ( where they had already started Primark – Penneys at the time – and bought Brown Thomas , Dublin 's best department store ) to run Loblaws in the 1970s , they seem to have drawn what might be called the short straw . There were some 200 stores and subsidiaries that badly needed whipping into shape . Which is precisely what they proceeded to do so successfully that today the upmarket Canadian department-store chain Holt Renfrew , which Galen bought in 1986 , is now thriving . Clearly , retailing is what the ( Canadian/Irish ) family seems to love best , though Galen does n't care for the description “ department store ” . “ It 's passé , ” they say , and he 's trying to dream up something more contemporary and engaging . But they love department stores themselves .
Not that they think the retail environment is easy . “ Shops are not a growing business so it 's a scary place to be . Whether it 's England or Germany , France or Italy , most people have less money to spend . You 've got to be in the right locations – that 's why we 're successful with Holt Renfrew and with Selfridges – and then you must own them 100 per cent . You have to constantly upgrade to keep making sure you 're the best and the most exciting place to be . And you ca n't be passive . You have to stand – metaphorically – in the street and shout at people , wave at them , tell them how great you are and that if they come in they 'll have a great time. ” They believe that department stores have to be happening places . They need glamour , buzz , events ( Selfridges has dozens every year ) , surprises . But it 's because they believe that if you have the best and the brightest stores in the best places there is still a future for shops that they have just bought De Bijenkorf , a chain of 12 Dutch upmarket department stores .
“ The chain is 141 years old , they 're all in wonderful old buildings in the very best locations , ” they say . “ The thing about retailing in the UK and in Holland is that the populations are served by less retailing space than in many other countries . In America , for instance , there is a great deal more retailing space per person than in the UK . This means that the opportunities in the UK and Holland are greater – if you get it right. ” Paul Kelly , their right-hand man ( he 's MD of Selfridges Group Ltd ) , to whom they pay great tribute and who has been with them since their Brown Thomas days in Dublin , has been dispatched to set the transformation in train .
While Galen Weston is chairperson of Selfridges , they – and both Alannah and Galen Jnr – also know that they need to have other highly talented people around them . Besides Paul Kelly , there 's Anne Pitcher , now MD of Selfridges UK , whose role has also been vital . And then there 's family . Hilary , their wife and lifetime companion , has been with them every step of the way . They met when they were 23 and had gone to Ireland to establish Fine Fare , a chain of self-service supermarkets , and they were a 19-year-old model .
It was there that they had the idea of starting Primark . “ Ireland in the early 1970s was in a depressed economic state . You could buy shops for almost nothing so I bought a whole bunch of them and then I had to fill them . Hilary themselves made the first dress we sold and because they always loved fashion we later bought Brown Thomas together . ”
They – and clearly Alannah – both think that Hilary Weston is something of an unsung hero . “ Hilary would often edit with Alannah , and Hilary has this way of just spotting something that is n't quite right or could be improved and she 'll say something small like , ‘ Is n't it all a bit black ? ' , and everybody will suddenly realise that yes , it is a bit too black . ”
It clearly really is a family business . “ We 're always zapping pictures on our iPhones to each other of things we 've seen , ” says Galen Weston , “ suggestions for how things could be displayed – anything that we think might be interesting or useful. ” Nevertheless you get the feeling that it would n't do to slack . When I asked Galen Weston what were the major difficulties facing their son with the Canadian supermarket chain Loblaws ( which is publicly traded but of which George Weston Foods owns 62 per cent ) , they fired back , quick as a flash : “ Pleasing me. ” And as for Alannah , while clearly glowing with pride at everything she 's done , they say , “ Oh , I come in every Wednesday morning and give them hell . ”
Just because she 's the chairperson 's daughter does n't mean Alannah has carte blanche . Every idea , they tell me , they have to cost out , make a clear case for it to the board who “ are n't going to let some girls run away and do silly things ” .
With Project Ocean , their most recent and most campaigning initiative , which brought in over 20 conservation and environmental groups to educate and entertain their customers with the wonders of the ocean and the dangers it is facing , they had to make an impassioned speech to the board , do all the checks , and had to persuade the whole team to come along with them As they put it , “ I could n't deliver stuff on my own . I 'm lucky to have world-class businesspeople around me , which allows me to do my bit . ”
When Alannah was made creative director of Selfridges seven years ago there was many a cry of nepotism and the sort of cynical shrug that implied that it was a lovely title but other people would be doing all the work . But it was n't as if they came from nowhere and did n't have other options . They had worked as a journalist on The Daily Telegraph 's Saturday magazine , covering the arts at a time when the YBAs were making waves . They clearly have a deep love of art , which is evident almost wherever you turn – and many of the Selfridges events are infused with some kind of artistic endeavour .
After the Telegraph Alannah went to work for Rose Marie Bravo just as they were bringing Burberry back from the dead . “ I remember asking Roberto Menichetti [ the designer first brought in by Bravo ] what the spring looks were like and they turned to me and said , ‘ Alannah , the most important thing is that you check all the bathrooms and make sure that they are clean . ' So I spent two years packing boxes and checking bathrooms . But it was a great learning curve . I would sit and listen to Michelle Smith , senior vice-president of womenswear , and I learnt to get my point across to Rose Marie in five minutes flat. ” But they wanted to be doing something more creative so from there they started their own branding agency . They then opened an art gallery at Windsor , the high-end island resort in southern Florida founded by their parents , organising lectures , workshops , art tours and photographic shows . “ It badly needed an injection of creativity , ” says their father . “ And it worked. ” Its success is being built on by Hilary , who has collaborated with Iwona Blazwick to open a satellite of London 's Whitechapel Gallery coinciding with Art Basel Miami Beach . It launches on December 3 with an exhibition by the Brazilian artist Beatriz Milhazes .
When Alannah 's father bought Selfridges in 2003 they had to win them over . “ He does n't see the point in working for anybody but the family , ” they say . “ He said , ‘ Just come and look . ' And I thought it over . I 'd known Paul Kelly all my life so knew I had a mentor and friend . Also , I was fascinated by what to do with this great behemoth on Oxford Street .
“ People now have so much choice – sports events , museums , theatres , these are all our competition . I saw it as a challenge to make it relevant . I think now people want so much more from their brands . They want intellectual , cultural and , yes , spiritual nourishment . They do n't just want to buy things . ”
Which brings us back to Project Ocean , which is their first step into what they see as part of a new role for stores . They call it “ retail activism ” – using the shopping experience to effect social change . Project Ocean was inspired by their learning of the deep distress the oceans are in , how our very futures are threatened , and a desire to do something about it . “ But the great achievement of everybody on the team has been to engage the customer at a deep level and to make the whole thing playful as well as educational. ” ( Customers , for instance , could donate money which turned into a virtual fish online , which they could keep track of . )
“ The store as theatre was the 1990s – we still need that , but today we need to add another layer , we have to make it easy for the customer to participate , to feel part of the whole story and make it easy for them to be good .
“ Of course , ” they admit , “ it is easier to be brave and adventurous if you are a family business because we can take a much longer view and I suppose staff think , well , it 's their money and if they want to take the risk , let them do it. ” But speak to somebody like Anne Pitcher , and they will tell you that apart from bringing “ much freshness of thought , Alannah also has a keen eye for the bottom line ” . It 's hard to quantify what Project Ocean has done for the bottom line , but in terms of branding , of making it the store to watch , it has been a huge success .
Not that she 's resting on their laurels . James Brett 's Museum of Everything , which opens this month , will take over the Ultralounge exhibition hall and many of the store 's windows , and will feature the work of artists who are “ outside the formal art world , who did n't go to the Slade ” . Then they want to have a proper tailor in womenswear so women can have handmade shirts , they want to reinvent the fitting room , make them a lovely place to sit , places where girlfriends can try on things together . “ I want to bring in designers who are below the radar ; have a room full of sewing machines , like the Sweat Shop in Paris , so that people can personalise their jeans ; up on the roof there 's a whole space to be reinvented , there 's a hotel that needs to be burnished up and remade in the Selfridges enterprising image . It 's got , ” they insist , “ to be a place for everybody , where you can buy a piece of Chanel or a lipstick from Mac… ”
So much to do , so little time…
AP Photo Watchdog : Secret Service leaked information on Chaffetz
The Secret Service leaked sensitive personal information to the press about Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz as the Utah Republican was investigating the beleaguered agency , an inspector general 's report said Wednesday .
The Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General issued a report on Wednesday that accused Secret Service Assistant Director Edward Lowery and other agency officials of plotting to leak information about Chaffetz , including their unsuccessful attempt to join the organization .
Story Continued Below
The leaks were a highly unusual breach of decorum . Lawmakers often battle with agencies but the fights mostly stay above board and focus on policy , rather than descending into leaking private information .
The report found that between March 24 and April 2 , 2015 , 45 Secret Service employees accessed “ sensitive personal information ” on Chaffetz nearly 60 times . Only 4 of the 45 employees had “ an arguable legitimate need to access the information , ” the report found .
The IG also found that there was widespread dissemination of the personal information .
Lowry , in one instance , emailed employees saying , “ Some information that they might find embarrassing needs to get out . Just to be fair . ”
Chaffetz blasted the agency for the alleged leaks .
“ Certain lines should never be crossed . The unauthorized access and distribution of my personal information crossed that line . It was a tactic designed to intimidate and embarrass me and frankly , it is intimidating , ” the Utah Republican said in a statement . “ It 's scary to think about all the possible dangers in having your personal information exposed . ”
The Oversight Committee launched an investigation into the Secret Service earlier this year after a series of embarrassing security incidents at the White House . Chaffetz helped uncover reports that a knife-wielding man got much further into the White House than initially reported and that an armed man was allowed into an elevator with President Barack Obama .
The panel is also investigating reports that Secret Service agents paid for sex during a presidential visit to Colombia
Rep. Elijah Cummings ( D-Md . ) , the top Democrat on the panel , said the Secret Service should issue an “ immediate apology . ”
“ Although the Inspector General identified no evidence of political motivation or influence , I believe in fundamental fairness , and those who are unwilling or unable to meet the highest of ethical standards should not be a part of the Secret Service , ” Cummings said in a statement .
Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy said they take “ employee misconduct very seriously ” and will ensure the involved parties are punished .
“ I again apologize to Representative Chaffetz for this wholly avoidable and embarrassing misconduct , ” Clancy said . “ Additionally , I will continue to review policies and practices to address employee misconduct and demand the highest level of integrity of all our employees . ”
Hello all , aReNGee here . My previous article on Rakano created a fair amount of discussion over what makes a card stock , and rather than force my own definition into the mix I decided I 'd rather write a more in depth , laid back article . It is by no means a definitive take on the archetype , and is heavily biased towards my own personal playstyle and how I look at the metagame at the moment . I did not discuss the list at length with any masters of the archetype , so what follows will be merely a discussion of my list , how I 've fared with it and why I built it the way I did .
Genesis
How did this particular list come about ? finkel shared a Feln list that was working for himway back in the middle of September , shortly before we worked on the tier list . I ran it for a week and was mildly satisfied with the list . I put it back on the shelf and in early October , I had to bash out a very large number of games in order to grind gold to purchase Tales of Horus Traver . I played a lot Rakano and Skycrag aggro to make that happen , but quickly after the release of Horus Traver ( and my Rakano article ) found that aggro decks were running into a few problems . Cow problems . Rather than keep smashing aggro into midrange , I decided I 'd like to go over the top , but play plenty of removal . I came back to finkel 's original list and gave that a spin . It had some promise , and I tuned the list over the next week to its current form . It served me well during that time , and at time of writing has taken me to top 20 masters .
The List
We 've strayed pretty far from our original designs , and there are a number of weird choices in this list . Feeding Time ? Two maindeck Azindel 's Gift ? I do think the curve of this deck could use some work , but I 'm trying to build a deck that has the tools to fight aggro , crush midrange , and have outs against control . That 's a tall ask and I definitely have n't perfected the list , but the general idea is sound .
General Gameplan
vs Aggressive Decks
You 've got 13 pieces of cheap interaction to help you blunt the early aggression and survive to the midgame , where you start playing large blockers and removal . Black-Sky Harbinger offers a powerful trump against any aggressive deck , often clearing the board and stabilizing your life total all in one go . Card advantage is less important that surviving in these matchups – your opponent will throw their cards on the table and try to finish you , so prioritize your life total . Without a Harbinger you 're vulnerable to burn , so try to stay above Soulfire Drake/Obliterate range . You 're pretty well set up for this matchup , difficulties usually only arise when you do n't draw any of your early interaction and your blockers are answered .
vs Midrange Decks
Midrange decks do n't generally get going until turn 3 or 4 , when your expensive but unconditional removal is online . You 've got 6 single card answers to Tavrod plus Witch , which is generally enough . Trading 1 for 1 is generally okay early on , as is sacrificing a few points of life to develop . Witch combos can generate 2 for 1s and they often flood out before you do because their curve stops earlier . Gift can come into play if you 've been focusing on removal and your oppoenent 's hand fills up with removal and weapons . Prioritize limiting your opponents card draw and removing key threats and you 'll generally grind them out .
Problems arise when they draw their 2 for 1s and you do n't , or when they start off with an aggressive start and you 're unable to answer until turn 4 , putting you far enough on the back foot you 're unable to stabilize .
vs True Control Decks
We 'll talk about specific matchups later on , but there 's only three cards in Feln that matter in control mirrors that this list plays , and Vara ( the third ) only matters because of Champion ( the second ) . Gift is the most important card , and landing it is usually the difference between winning and losing since you 're not set up to play a true control vs control game . Line of play vary based on exactly what deck it is ( pushing damage and expending removal vs sitting back etc ) but you only win the game one of two ways – Champion of Cunning or landing a Gift . Everything else you do is just noise . Do n't get buried in card advantage before you find your Gift , and do n't play Champion without Aegis . Hope to draw Gift early .
Explanations of Weird Cards
This may not cover all the potential questions about the deck but I 'm happy to answer those in the comments . For the most part , I 'm not going to mention why I 'm not playing certain cards , and focus on why I want the ones I am playing .
The Powerbase
finkel built this to sustain Champion of Cunning in their original Feln build and I kept it . It 's perfromed really well for me , I 've almost never been power or color screwed . Having a 5P champion on turn 5 or 6 is a very real possibility with this setup and annoys all kind of opponents , but is n't that unlikely . I always focus on seeking for Primal sources to enable Champion once I 've got double shadow . Your key Influence breakpoints , in order of importance are : SS ( Bloodcaster/Steward/Removal ) , PP ( Wisdom ) , PPPPPS ( Champion ) , SSS ( Gift , Vara ) and SSSSS ( Champion again ) . I always get PS immediately to open myself up to SS whenever I need it , but I do n't actually play the second shadow unless I 'm casting something or I have a dual source , in order to leave the chance open for a turn 5 or 6 active Champion .
The 4 cost Removal
Not only have I maxed out on Deathstrikes , I 've brought some Feeding Times along . I 'm playing this many copies because I really want an answer to Tavrod on curve , before they can attack . Feeding Time not costing double shadow lets you keep up my PPPPPS gameplan and does have a transform effect , but it 's primary purpose is as Deathstrikes 5 and 6 . I do n't think you can play more than 6 of these since they are clunky , but I 'm considering switching a Deathstrike for a Feeding Time – they 've been pretty good .
Two Gifts ? ! ?
I know , in theory , you can beat Chalice without Gift by recurring Champions . In practice , I generally ca n't win if they draw chalice early and even if its slow as long as it shows up eventually I get buried if I do n't draw 4 or more effective copies of Champion out of 6 in the deck . So , dropping Gift on 7 is much more satisfying . Most players are using passive Aegis from Eilyn 's Favor or something if they have it at all , and Feln has a million ways to break that . The second copy is for added redundancy in drawing it , protects against getting it destroyed/discarded , and I do n't like Celestial Omen – I 'd rather slam Gift the turn I draw it . Plus , Omen can get Eilyn 's Choiced and they generally have nothing else to use it on .
Two Varas
You need a late game card , and this is the best available because of the power of Champion . I tried Channel the Tempest but was less impressed , especially after I went the Gift route – getting backlashed sucks . Most people run three but I did n't think you could afford that much top end given the Gifts .
Two Witches
Run 3 if you see less control and more midrange . I took out one for a second Gift . Witch is a good card and I 'd be happy to have more , but its a combo card and you can only have so much air in your top end .
Matchups I do not feel disadvantaged in
Stonescar Aggro , Skycrag Aggro , Argenport Aggro , Rakano Aggro
Feln is pretty well set up against what Stonescar is doing . Skycrag is very vulnerable to Favor and Lightning Storm . Argenport Aggro is only a problem if they draw lots of protects and have an early snowball . Rakano is a bit of a tossup because of the power and flexibility of the Rakano cardpool , plus the snowball nature of warcry .
Argenport Midrange , Xenan , Combrei , Elysian Midrange , TJP Midrange
Argenport and Xenan are what you 're set up to destroy . Argenports medium cows and hammers do n't do much vs your Stewards and Deathstrikes , and Xenan is not well set up to beat Feln . No reach , a Dawnwalker plan , and leaning on banish makes it tough to remove your Champions . Combrei gets better for you the more Midrange it looks , a big Witch Storm can clear out the game after a stall and you can generally kill all their real threats . If it goes too tall you can be in trouble . Elysian 's False Prince is an all star or Vara 's Favor bait , and Crystallize can steal wins . If they run out of units before you run out of removal , you win . TJP Midrange is less common but often plays Stand Together , which is an annoying card . If that ( and crystallize ) does n't blow you out , you 'll usually be okay .
Matchups I feel disadvantaged in
Chalice
This is pretty boring . I alluded to it earlier , but the high skillcap is this – draw Gift before you 're far enough behind that you die to their board . I use my removal freely to deny chalice draws and push damage , hoping that Champion or four might get the job done . Usually it does n't so I consider this a Gift or ( slowly ) die matchup .
True Armory
Artisans , Icarias , Diashos . Yuck . You end up with a million removal spells and them with a 7/5 Diasho . Then you lose . This is by far this decks the worst matchup and it sucks to play . If they get a 5 power weapon you 're in very bad shape . You have to push damage and contest their weapons with units . Champion is critical , but they can usually kill the first one . Gift can give you a chance but you ca n't be already dead – it 's much worse vs Armory than real control decks .
Torvod Armory
The problems are the same as True Armory , but the problems are diluted by a lot of units you can actually kill . It 's rare to get a huge weapon out and Gift is actually effective here . Much better than True Armory , but still disfavored . Do n't let Torvod attack ever and do n't get blown out by Icaria and you 'll have a chance , especially if you get Champion or Gift down early .
Paxis Midrange
This is less a “ disadvantaged ” and more one with pitfalls . Warp is strong and Heart is nuts . YEAAAAAAAAHHH I mean Shatterglass Mage is really good here as well – 5/3 is a relevant body and killing Permafrost is very annoying . Obliterate is their only real removla , but they can take to the skies with dragons . Beware of dropping too low and getting burned out . You need to prioritize your life total here more than against other midrange decks – you never know when a big turn is going to swing the game back , even if you 've started to grab hold .
Closing Thoughts
This Feln deck is not very big on adaptation . If you 're looking for a deck where you need to strategize on the fly , this is probably not the deck for you . This deck , despite being somewhat reactive , works best when things play out more the less the same for it . However , its lines of play are effective and the deck is not without its decision points . Playing Feln means accepting you will simply lose some games , Chalice without Gift and Armory comes to mind . If you can stomach that , and do n't mind methodical gameplay , this could be a solid choice for you . Avoid the aggro vs midrange question by taking another angle with Feln .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
One of the best known hotels in the country , the Ard Rí in Waterford city , has been sold .
The iconic building dominates the skyline north of the River Suir at Waterford .
It has been closed for a number of years and has fallen into significant disrepair .
The hotel was known as a popular wedding venue , conference centre and holiday accommodation .
Situated on an elevated site of approximately 21 acres , it has been sold for an undisclosed sum to a Kilkenny business person who is based in Australia .
Seamus Walsh intends to invest heavily in the project .
They said : `` I see huge opportunity for development in this area and look forward to transforming my new hotel to its former days of glory in these more modern times . ''
In 2015 , Mr Walsh purchased another hotel in the area - the Waterford Castle Hotel - for more than €6m .
Proving once again that , for Democrats , abortion trumps everything else in politics , Senate Democrats voted today to stop a bill to help human trafficking victims because the measure wo n't pay for their abortions .
The legislation passed through the Senate Judiciary Committee without any problems but , now , pro-abortion activists are raising a stink about how funds for restitution for human trafficking victims wo n't pay for abortions . The objection is offensive to victims of human trafficking and millions of girls and young women around the world who are victimized by it , putting abortion ahead of meeting their needs .
Senate Democrats voted against a cloture motion to end the Democratic filibuster and to allow a vote on the sex trafficking bill — with every Republican in the Senate supporting the measure and favoring an end to the filibuster preventing it from moving forward . The final vote was 55-43 against ending the filibuster and the cloture motion needed 60 votes to move the bill ahead to a vote . Only Democratic Senators Donnelly , Casey , Manchin , and Heitkamp voted with Republicans to end debate .
After the first cloture vote , Republicans held a second cloture vote to end debate and Senate Democrats voted a second time to block the bill to help human trafficking victims on a similar 55-43 vote .
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn , a pro-life Republican , said on the floor of the Senate this morning that they are shocked and dismayed that Democrats would put abortion funding ahead of helping women .
“ Children are being abused and literally sexually assaulted while , apparently , some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have decided to try to make a political point , ” they said . “ To our colleagues who are filibustering this legislation , are you prepared to turn your back on the thousands of people living every day in bondage and who are desperately clinging to the hope that someone , someone will lend them a helping hand ? Are you prepared to abandon these children and these other victims of human trafficking who deserve a roof over their head , someone to lean on , and somehow , some way to get a fresh start in life ? ”
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said that , as a result of their vote holding up the bill , Republicans will not allow a vote on pro-abortion Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch . McConnell indicated their intention to keep the Senate focused on this human trafficking legislation until its successful completion . Further cloture votes to break the filibuster are expected throughout this week .
ACTION : See below to find out how your senators voted .
Leading pro-life groups hammered Democrats for their misplaced priorities .
Family Research Council President Tony Perkins said “ this bill was created to rescue victims — not create more . If Planned Parenthood and other groups are so determined to give women access to abortion , why do n't they donate the funds to pay for the abortions ? ”
“ In a stunning display of protecting abortion at all costs , the US Senate failed to defend victims – women and little girls – of sex trafficking , ” said Students for Life of America president Kristan Hawkins . “ The abortion lobby and their allies in the Senate should be ashamed of themselves . How dare they call themselves ‘ pro-woman ' when they epically failed to help sex trafficking victims because they would rather force taxpayers to fund abortion . Today 's vote shows that like Planned Parenthood , Senate Democrats are for ‘ Abortion . No Matter What ' . ”
“ Young girls and women should n't be sentenced to the horrors of human trafficking and sex slavery , ” added Alliance Defending Freedom Senior Counsel Casey Mattox . “ Withholding help for these girls and women in desperate need for any reason is tragic , but holding that help hostage because it does n't include abortion funding is downright wicked . ”
Click here to sign up for daily pro-life news alerts from LifeNews.com
Leading pro-life advocates heaped strong criticism on Senate Democrats for their steadfast loyalty to abortion above the interests of young women who become victims of the sex trade .
This is n't the first time Democrats have put abortion ahead of helping human trafficking victims . The Obama Administration put abortion ahead of human trafficking twice — by denying a grant to the Catholic bishops to help victims because they would n't promote abortion and by refusing to investigate how the Planned Parenthood abortion business covered up potential cases of sex trafficking .
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops had previously received a five-year $ 19 million grant to help victims of sex trafficking during the administration of pro-life President George W. Bush . Sensitive to how women are exploited in the sex industry , the Catholic bishops prohibit any subcontractors from using the funds to pay for or promote abortions . Instead , the Catholic bishops provide comprehensive case management services to survivors including medical and mental health services .
While the Obama administration extended the contract briefly , the bishops were notified that it would not be renewed . Instead , Obama officials awarded the grant to three other groups ( Tapestri of Atlanta , Heartland Human Care Services of Chicago and the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants of Washington ) — even though the bishops have helped more than 2,700 victims with the funding .
The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held the hearing on the administration 's decision .
During the hearing , committee chairperson Rep. Darrell Issa , a California Republican , said the decision violated the Obama administration 's “ pledge to be the most transparent in history . ”
“ Unfortunately , today , we are presented with an example of how that goal is not being met and an opportunity to understand how the federal grant-making process has been politicized , ” they said .
“ The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has begun an investigation into the process used by the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Refugee Resettlement to award grants that fund many types of care and services , ” they told the hearing . “ That investigation has uncovered many disturbing facts about the grant awards process , including : the most experienced and top rated national applicant was not selected , and lower-ranked organizations were somehow funded . The process was delayed for months while the agency struggled to find ways to inject new criteria into the process , and—of great concern—the judgment of experienced , career-level professionals was discarded when political appointees chose to overrule transparent decision-making . ”
“ These actions appear to constitute an abuse of discretion and undermine the integrity of the process , while potentially violating the spirit , if not the letter , of federal laws and regulations that prohibit discrimination based on religious beliefs , ” Issa said .
HOW MEMBERS VOTED ON THE FILIBUSTER :
A yes vote is a pro-life vote and a no vote is a vote for abortion funding .
YEAs —55 Alexander ( R-TN )
Ayotte ( R-NH )
Barrasso ( R-WY )
Blunt ( R-MO )
Boozman ( R-AR )
Burr ( R-NC )
Capito ( R-WV )
Casey ( D-PA )
Cassidy ( R-LA )
Coats ( R-IN )
Cochran ( R-MS )
Collins ( R-ME )
Corker ( R-TN )
Cornyn ( R-TX )
Cotton ( R-AR )
Crapo ( R-ID )
Daines ( R-MT )
Donnelly ( D-IN )
Enzi ( R-WY ) Ernst ( R-IA )
Fischer ( R-NE )
Flake ( R-AZ )
Gardner ( R-CO )
Grassley ( R-IA )
Hatch ( R-UT )
Heitkamp ( D-ND )
Heller ( R-NV )
Hoeven ( R-ND )
Inhofe ( R-OK )
Isakson ( R-GA )
Johnson ( R-WI )
Kirk ( R-IL )
Lankford ( R-OK )
Lee ( R-UT )
Manchin ( D-WV )
McCain ( R-AZ )
Moran ( R-KS )
Murkowski ( R-AK ) Paul ( R-KY )
Perdue ( R-GA )
Portman ( R-OH )
Risch ( R-ID )
Roberts ( R-KS )
Rounds ( R-SD )
Rubio ( R-FL )
Sasse ( R-NE )
Scott ( R-SC )
Sessions ( R-AL )
Shelby ( R-AL )
Sullivan ( R-AK )
Thune ( R-SD )
Tillis ( R-NC )
Toomey ( R-PA )
Vitter ( R-LA )
Wicker ( R-MS )
NAYs —43 Baldwin ( D-WI )
Bennet ( D-CO )
Blumenthal ( D-CT )
Booker ( D-NJ )
Boxer ( D-CA )
Brown ( D-OH )
Cantwell ( D-WA )
Cardin ( D-MD )
Carper ( D-DE )
Coons ( D-DE )
Durbin ( D-IL )
Feinstein ( D-CA )
Franken ( D-MN )
Gillibrand ( D-NY )
Heinrich ( D-NM ) Hirono ( D-HI )
Kaine ( D-VA )
King ( I-ME )
Klobuchar ( D-MN )
Leahy ( D-VT )
Markey ( D-MA )
McCaskill ( D-MO )
McConnell ( R-KY )
Menendez ( D-NJ )
Merkley ( D-OR )
Mikulski ( D-MD )
Murphy ( D-CT )
Murray ( D-WA )
Nelson ( D-FL )
Peters ( D-MI ) Reed ( D-RI )
Reid ( D-NV )
Sanders ( I-VT )
Schatz ( D-HI )
Schumer ( D-NY )
Shaheen ( D-NH )
Stabenow ( D-MI )
Tester ( D-MT )
Udall ( D-NM )
Warner ( D-VA )
Warren ( D-MA )
Whitehouse ( D-RI )
Wyden ( D-OR )
Editors ' note : As of September 23 , 2010 , this product has been discontinued and replaced by the similar Roku XDS .
Originally introduced in May 2008 as the `` Netflix Player , '' Roku 's little video-streaming box had one mission : allow Netflix subscribers to view that company 's small stable of on-demand videos on their TVs . The box worked well enough , and as the year progressed , subsequent software updates and -- most importantly -- expanded program offerings and more HD content made the $ 100 Roku Netflix Player an even better deal than when it was initially launched .
Eighteen months later , the Roku Player is now a family of products with programming choices that go far beyond just Netflix . In addition to the original $ 100 product ( now dubbed the Roku HD Player ) , there 's a step-down entry-level model that loses the HD video output -- the $ 80 Roku SD Player -- and the step-up Roku HD XR Player reviewed here . This $ 130 model adds state of the art dual-band 802.11n Wi-Fi and a USB port for future expansion . More importantly , though , is a November 2009 software update delivers upwards of a dozen programming channels to all of the Roku boxes .
Panoply of content
All of the programming on the Roku Player is available a la carte via the Roku Channel Store ( see the setup section below for details ) . As of November 2009 , there are 12 `` channels '' to choose from .
Netflix ( paid subscription ) : Access approximately 12,000 movies and TV shows on-demand . The service is available to all Netflix subscribers on plans that allow one disc or more at a time , which costs as little as $ 9 per month . Some content is available in HD . You create an instant viewing queue with your PC 's Web browser , and those titles are then accessible on the Roku .
Amazon Video-on-Demand ( pay-per-view ) : Amazon offers 40,000-plus movies and TV shows for sale or rent a la carte , for anywhere from $ 2 to $ 4 ( rentals ) to $ 6 to $ 15 ( purchases ) . Titles can be queued up via a Web browser , or you can search via an on-screen keyboard and/or lists of hot titles . Some content is available in HD .
MLB TV ( paid subscription ) : MLB TV enables access to live and prerecorded Major League Baseball games -- with the major caveat that it only works for out-of-area teams . You can choose the home or away video feed , which is available in standard or high-def ( bandwidth permitting ) .
Pandora ( free ) : The popular free streaming audio service is available through the Roku Player . `` Stations '' you set up in advance can be accessed onscreen , and songs can be skipped or voted as `` thumbs up '' or `` thumbs down . ''
Mediafly ( free ) : The online content aggregator allows you to access a wide variety of audio and video broadcasts from pros and amateurs . Popular programs are instantly accessible via genre , and Mediafly subscribers can line up customized feeds as well . While the programs are ostensibly `` podcasts , '' Mediafly content includes some full-length TV programming as well , such as news and public affairs shows from NBC , CNBC , MSNBC , ABC , and CBS .
Flickr ( free ) : Photos on Yahoo 's Flickr service can be accessed onscreen via the Roku .
Revision3 ( free ) : The full range of programs from this tech-centric video provider -- including Tekzilla and Diggnation -- is available on the Roku .
TWiT ( free ) : Similar to Revision3 , Leo Laporte 's TWiT is a provider of techie video and audio programming , including the eponymous This Week in Tech show .
Blip.tv ( free ) : Blip.tv aggregates and distributes a variety of independent Web video programs .
FrameChannel ( free ) : Like Flickr , FrameChannel ( which is used on some digital photo frames ) allows you to access and share photos you 've uploaded to the Web .
Motionbox ( free ) : Motionbox is a YouTube-like site that lets you access home movies you 've uploaded .
MobileTribe ( paid subscription ) : MobileTribe aggregates information from a variety of your existing social network accounts , including Facebook , MySpace , and Plaxo .
The Roku Channel Store allows you to surface or hide the exact channels you wish to see on the main menu .
The box
The Roku HD XR Player looks all but identical to the other two models in the Roku Player line . Measuring 1.75 inches tall by 5.25 inches wide by 5.25 inches deep , the box is slightly smaller than your typical cable modem , but instead of having just an Ethernet port on the back , it 's equipped with all manner of audio and video outputs : HDMI , component video , S-Video , and composite video ports , as well as digital optical or the standard red/white analog stereo outputs . ( The HDMI and digital audio connections support stereo and surround sound . )
Plans to cool off classrooms throughout Hawaii have been delayed , an assistant superintendent told state Board of Education members Tuesday .
The department 's initiative to add air conditioning to 1,000 classrooms has been slowed by high costs resulting from increased construction demand and a shortage of skilled labor , said Dann Carlson , assistant superintendent for the Office of School Facilities and Support Services .
“ There 's just a huge drain on the industry right now , ” Carlson said . “ Hence our decision to start negotiating with some of these contractors . We 're taking a pause . ”
Alia Wong/Civil Beat
The department received more than $ 100 million from the Legislature to add air conditioning to 1,000 classrooms throughout the state . Hawaii Gov . David Ige said they were working with the DOE and private companies to accomplish that goal before the end of the year at their state of the state address in January .
Now that deadline will be pushed back , but the department is n't sure by how much . The revised schedule includes reopening bidding in July . The department currently has about 50 pre-qualified contractors , Carlson said .
“ The good thing is , we 've got some really large names on there , ” they told board members . “ Some construction companies that are certainly capable of the workload that we 're looking at . ”
A combination of high costs and fewer bids than anticipated caused the department to push back the deadline , Carlson explained in an opinion piece in the Honolulu Star-Advertiser . They cited an example of a $ 135,000 bid for photovoltaic-powered air conditioning . The original estimated cost was about $ 20,000 .
“ If we go with the bids we received so far , we will cool fewer classrooms at a price that is unacceptable , ” they wrote .
The Hawaii State Teachers Association supported the DOE 's decision and put the blame on contractors who provided much lower bids earlier , the union wrote in testimony to the school board .
“ We must not hastily adopt solutions that will deny thousands of children a constructive learning environment and jeopardize their well-being , ” wrote Corey Rosenlee , president of HSTA . “ We must , instead , urge private contractors turn their expertise into reasonable bids to make our schools as cool as the dreams to which our children aspire . ”
However , the union did offer an alternative at the school board meeting . Wilbert Holck , executive director of HSTA , suggested the schools reach out to their respective community councils to try to get more local contractors bidding .
“ In every school 's community , there are electricians , there are solar people and others who may be willing to install these air conditioners for a cheaper rate or free , ” Holck said . “ We see this happening all the time when a community gets involved with a school . ”
Update : Video below
Atheist superstar and public intellectual Christopher Hitchens appeared in public for the first time in months tonight at the Texas Freethought Convention in Houston . Hitchens , author of God is Not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything , and most recently of Arguably : Essays by Christopher Hitchens , was presented with the Richard Dawkins Freethinker of the Year Award by Dawkins himself . Dawkins is the bestselling author of The God Delusion and The Magic of Reality : How We Know What 's Really True .
Though Hitchens suffers from esophageal cancer , they and Dawkins spoke and took questions for about an hour in front of a crowd of what appeared to be well over a thousand people .
In introducing Hitchens and presenting them with the award that bears their name , Dawkins said that the old religious line that there are “ no atheists in foxholes ” is disproven daily by Christopher Hitchens . Hitchens is dying and they know it , but stares reality in the eye without blinking , Dawkins said .
Hitchens ' speech did not disappoint . They talked about their illness and noted that over the last year , he 'd been coming to Houston regularly for treatment , presumably at MD Anderson Cancer Center . They were emphatic that they would n't stop doing their best to shed light on the fraudulent claims made by religion , a line that brought the crowd to its feet . *
They took on all religions and their followers , from violent Islamic fundamentalists to Christians who want to impose their beliefs on Americans in violation of the country 's secular Constitution , to Jewish settlers in the West Bank .
An unapologetic supporter of the Iraq war , Hitchens urged Western foes of violent jihad to make common cause with moderate Muslims to combat Saudi influence , which they condemned as extremist , backward and violent .
They said that they appreciated the fact that Rick Perry is so open about their faith instead of lying about their desire to inject fundamentalism into public life .
In discussing Mitt Romney 's faith , Hitchens said that what they liked about about Mormonism is that it presents the rare opportunity to witness the creation of a new religion . The faith 's founder , Joseph Smith , Hitchens said , wanted to be remembered not as the Jesus of the new religion , but as its Mohamed , who , Smith believed , presented their followers with a choice : “ either the Al-Koran or the sword . ”
Though they were asked a variety of questions from the audience , none appeared to elicit more interest than the one asked by eight-year-old Mason Crumpacker , who wanted to know what books they should read . In response , Hitchens first asked where their mother was and the girl indicated that they were siting beside them They then asked to see them once the presentation was over so that they could give them a list .
As the event drew to a close , Mason and their mom , Anne Crumpacker of Dallas , followed them out . Surrounded by attendees wanting a glance of the famed author , Hitchens sat on a table just outside of the ballroom and spent about 15 minutes recommending books to Mason .
Second Photo : Suzie Harmon
Hitchens ' list of books and authors : Dawkins ' Magic of Reality , Greek and Roman myths , particularly those compiled by Robert Graves , anything satirical by Shakespeare , Geoffrey Chaucer , Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( author of Infidel and Nomad : From Islam to America : A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations ) , PG Wodehouse ( “ for fun ” ) , David Hume , and Charles Dickens ' A Tale of Two Cities .
Update : Video of Hitchens ' opening remarks :
I asked for their thoughts on the Southern Baptist Convention 's Robert Jeffress ' condemnation of Mormonism as a cult while endorsing Rick Perry . Hitchens ' response :
* Original content edited for clarification . The line that drew a standing ovation was : “ I 'm not going to quit until absolutely I have to . ”
The dearth of real innovation and focused direction from the established companies in the US nuclear industry in the face of rapidly expanding demand for clean energy solutions has stimulated the formation of a number of start-up companies . The leaders of these companies have backgrounds that have taught them to ask “ Why not ? ” when faced with the standard nuclear industry response of “ The NRC will never let you_____ ” ( fill in the blank ) .
ThorCon is a packaged nuclear power plant concept from Martingale , Inc. that is designed to wring capital costs out of nuclear plant construction . The company visionaries have recognized that the biggest hurdles to building new actinide-fueled reactors are the initial capital investment along with the excessive required construction lead time .
Instead of complaining that “ the market ” does not reward carefully crafted works of industrial art designed to last for sixty to one hundred years with lucrative paybacks delayed for three or four decades after final investment decisions , the ThorCon design team started with the notion that product designers must create offerings that satisfy market demands .
Today 's energy market rewards financial flexibility , predictable construction schedules , reasonably low investment , affordable operating costs , low or no emissions , and readily implemented upgrade paths . If the offered solution is one that uses actinide fission , customers will also want to clearly understand provisions for handling process leftovers , liabilities , accident prevention , consequence mitigation and regulatory barriers .
The ThorCon conceptual design has several features that will be familiar to regular Atomic Insights readers . They are similar to the choices that Terrestrial Energy has made . Both design teams point back to the Molten Salt Reactor Experiment as a demonstration that molten salt reactor technology works and addresses many of the economic obstacles inherent in conventional light water reactors .
They both have chosen to design reactor systems that are maintained by replacement instead of being designed with expected component lifetimes measured in large fractions of a century .
ThorCon 's reactor modules ( referred to be the company as the Can ) are low pressure , simple systems manufactured with low cost , commodity materials . Two of the four gas-tight , fission product barriers are included in the Can . Each Can will operate for about four years . After operation they will be allowed to cool for four years and then will be shipped to a centralized facility for decontamination , inspection , and refurbishment .
Both ThorCon and Terrestrial Energy has chosen to locate most of their nuclear systems underground . For ThorCon , the top of the silo will be 29 meters underground , leading to a need to excavate a 50 meter deep hole .
Correction : Terrestrial Energy 's design is “ at grade , ” not underground . As is the case for any building , there will be a foundation that extends below grade .
Aside : I do n't like the idea of building nuclear plants deep underground . Digging deep holes costs substantially more than is generally estimated by people who have not built major underground projects and it adds unexpected maintenance costs . Building underground also adds site specific requirements that will hamper the ability of suppliers to mass produce identical units .
One additional reason that I am skeptical about underground siting is that the major proponent of the concept was Edward Teller , a theoretical physicist whose memoirs brag about their lack of practical engineering skills and experience . Teller was also the first chairperson of the committee that initially saddled the power reactor industry with the almost impossibly expensive requirement of perfect safety . End Aside .
There are significant differences between ThorCon and Terrestrial Energy in other aspects of the design and development plans , with each team building on different core competencies .
Jack Devanney is the principal engineering designer for ThorCon . They have several decades worth of experience in modern large ship manufacturing with a deep understanding of complete project economics . They have led teams that produced high quality products for demanding customers that operate in some of the world 's harshest environments , yet they learned how to satisfy their demands for effective cost and schedule controls .
The block construction techniques that Jack plans to incorporate from the ship building industry are not conceptually different from the modular construction concepts being incorporated in both large ( AP1000 ) and small ( NuScale , mPower , Holtec , Westinghouse ) light water reactors . The main difference might turn out to be their team 's experience in having successfully implemented blocks on large projects already .
The ThorCon team also includes people with financial savvy , exceptional software skills , education , marketing , and nuclear engineering .
Unlike Terrestrial Energy , ThorCon has not yet decided where it will license and demonstrate its design . It seems unlikely that ThorCon will choose to operate in the US , but there are strengths available here that should be considered .
There are US shipyards that have experience in modular construction . They might be too costly when operating under Navy rules , but it 's possible that they could apply their skills differently for a different type of customer .
There are several locations — Idaho , Hanford , and Savannah River — that are ideally suited for demonstration plant siting . There are political challenges associated with each of those sites , but there are also political opportunities .
One aspect of US basing is the presence of eager , trainable work forces who already have substantial nuclear experience .
There are political leaders who have recognized that pushing innovative nuclear energy projects off-shore is bad for business here in the US .
There is still a lot of work to be done to turn this recognition into a supportive development environment , but the US has experienced leaders from other industries that can attest to the fact that this is a pretty good place to do business .
Add one more ‘ T ' word to your list of companies to watch .
( Here 's my current list of nuclear plant design companies with a significant US presence worth watching – Areva , Flibe , GE-Hitachi , Holtec , mPower , NuScale , TerraPower , Terrestrial Energy , ThorCon , Transatomic Power , Westinghouse . Some of those names are worth watching for negative announcements . I expect you to let me know who I 've slighted by failing to include them in the list . )
Update ( January 6 , 2015 08:20 am ) :
Martingale issued the following press release :
Martingale reveals a bold approach to solving the global issues of poverty , pollution , energy security , and climate . The ThorCon liquid-fuel nuclear reactor design is detailed at thorconpower.com . ThorCon is a complete system of power generation modules , interchange maintenance , and liquid fuel service that produces energy cheaper than coal . Principal engineer Jack Devanney led a four-year skunkworks project that has created a new kind of nuclear power plant , integrating proven technologies with breakthrough approaches to manufacturing and licensing . Production can start by 2020 . Today Martingale is publishing its design for cheap , reliable , CO2-free electricity at thorconpower.com . Former MIT professor Devanney 's background in shipbuilding created respect for low-cost , high-precision , block-unit manufacturing at Korean shipyards . They saw how such prefabricated blocks could enable production of enough nuclear power plants to make a global difference , a hundred a year . Author Robert Hargraves writes that selling so many power plants requires clear , simple economics , cheaper than coal . Coal is today 's energy choice of developing nations , now planning to build over 1400 gigawatt-size coal power plants to enable their economic development . Lawrence Livermore Lab veteran nuclear scientist Ralph Moir says that today 's nuclear power industry is wedded to expensive solid-fuel nuclear reactors , even though the simplicity of liquid fuels was demonstrated at Oak Ridge National Laboratory . Moir and Devanney modernized that design for mass production . ThorCon uses uranium and thorium fuel dissolved in molten salt to create a power plant that makes electricity cheaper than coal . Stanford engineering alums Chris Uhlik and Lars Jorgensen contributed to the design of passive safety functions that operate without mechanical or electronic controls , even with no power . The reactor is 30 meters underground . Overheating drains the fuel salt from the reactor . There are four barriers between the fuel salt and the atmosphere . ThorCon is walk-away safe . Taking another lesson from Oak Ridge , Martingale advocates a return to staged testing of physical prototypes for new nuclear reactor designs . This made the US the world standard for nuclear designs in the 1960s . Martingale supports adoption of the same license-by-test model that has enabled US leadership in aviation and drug discovery . Martingale is designing ThorCon in the US while targeting its first installations in forward-looking countries that support technology-neutral nuclear regulations and see the benefits of the license-by-test process . ThorCon opens up a practically limitless supply of low-cost , reliable , carbon-free power by 2020 . Media Contact
David Devanney
( 772 ) 285-2210
info @ thorconpower.com
End Update .
Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction / AP Dennis McGuire
Ohio executed condemned prisoner Dennis McGuire Thursday with the first use of the controversial two-drug lethal injection method in the U.S . The condemned killer appeared to gasp several times during their prolonged execution , the Associated Press reports .
They made several long snorting sounds over the course of the 15 minutes it took them to die , according to the AP . Their stomach rose and fell several times , and they opened and shut their mouth . It was one of the longest executions in the state since Ohio resumed capital punishment in 1999 .
Ohio is just the first of many states that will experiment with different drugs to replace sodium thiopental , which has been widely used in lethal injections nationally for years . But the usual three-drug combination is becoming harder to obtain , so states are looking for an alternative .
Ohio 's Department of Corrections confirmed they used the painkiller hydromorphone and the sedative midazolam to execute McGuire . The time of death was 10:53 a.m , and executions usually start at 10am . It 's unclear when executioners administered the drugs .
Lawyers for McGuire , who was sentenced to death for the 1989 rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart , argued that the use of the new cocktail of drugs was unconstitutional , because McGuire might be conscious as they suffocate to death .
“ In the old three-drug combination , each drug was being used for what it was designed for , ” Dr. Jonathan Groner , a professor of clinical surgery at the Ohio State University who studies lethal injections , told TIME this week . “ But Ohio is taking drugs that are normally used for things like a colonoscopy , and they 're giving massive overdoses to kill people . They 're using them for their toxic side effects . ”
MORE : Ohio 's Lethal-Injection Experiment
[ AP ]
Sunday on ABC 's “ This Week , ” while discussing their canceled speech at the University of California-Berkeley , conservative author Ann Coulter said , “ people ought to be looking at , ” taxpayers supporting the universities that have been taken over by leftist “ thugs . ”
Coulter said , “ Universities ought to be places where I 'm not the only conservative most students will hear in four years of college . What this shows , this whole incident show , it shows again this radical insulated left on the college campus , and the entire left wing , including President Obama and Bill Maher on the other side and what useless institutions our universities are . The prices have gone up 3,000 % since the '70s . is the education better ? No . It 's worse . The lefties are on the side of the thugs . They have taken over the universities . I do n't think anyone learns anything about college anymore . It 's a four-year vacation . I think that is what people ought to be looking at that . The taxpayers are supporting the universities . Not just the University of California but with federal grants every university in America . ”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
Flood situation in the South is worsened today with the major highway linking Bangkok with the South now cut off by flash flood in Prachuab Khiri Khan .
The disruption of road communication adds difficulties to aid supplies to the South and hardship to flood stricken people after the rail line was earlier paralysed by flooding at Bang Saphan district of Prachuab Khiri Khan .
Prachuab Khiri Khan is the latest province in the upper southern region to be hit by heavy rains last night , causing flash flood to submerge the southern rail line and the major Phetkasem highway at Bang Saphan district .
All vehicles could not pass the submerged section of the highway due to deep water and strong current yesterday , causing several kilometres long of traffic jams .
Until late today the highway is still impassable after flood water spilled from three reservoirs in Bang Saphan district flowed down to further submerge a section of Phetkasem highway from Sam Yaek Bang Saphan junction to Ban Ko Yai Chim .
The strong current washed away the bridge approach slab of the Ban Wang Yao bridge , paralyzing traffic on this major highway from Bangkok to the South and vise versa completely .
Prachuab Khiri Khan highway chief Apichart Chantanyakorn said a temporary bridge would be built to facilitate traffic on the highway which would take 12 hours to finish .
The collapse of the bridge approach on the major highway to the south has caused several kilometres long of vehicles lining up on both ends of the highway .
Yesterday another section of the highway was flooded after flash flood from the Tanaosri mountain range caused the Tabaek Proang reservoir and Jaka dam to spill and flood farmlands and households in Bang Saphan and Tab Sakae districts .
The highway in Ang Thong subdistrict of Tab Sakae district at KM 358-360 kilometre was under 50-80 centimetres deep of flood water , making it impassable for vehicles .
The Baan Krood intersection in Chaikasem subdistrict of Bang Saphan was also under 30-50 centimetres of strong flood water , while various secondary roads were also flooded .
Local authorities had to build sand bag embankment along the road to help slow down the water flow .
The Bang Saphan hospital officials also had to put up sand bag barricades and evacuated patients and equipment to higher grounds .
Latest report said another round of flash flood from Tanaosri mountain range has flowed into the Klong Loy reservoir raising the water level to a point where it is almost overflowing its spillway .
One police officer identified as Pol Lt Dusit Sonthanakorn , 47 , deputy inspector for suppression at the Huay Yang police station , was washed away by flash flood as they were directing traffic on the flooded Phetkasem highway .
Their body was retrieved later at sewer .
In Chumphon province , monks at the Rab Ror temple in Ta Sae district had to asked for assistance from a local rescue team to help them move coffins and other belongings at the temple to higher grounds , after flash flood from Tanaowasri mountain range had flowed into the Chumphon and Rab Ror canals , causing them to overflow into the 8 subdistricts of Ta Sae district and 7 other subdistricts of Muang district with a deep level of flood water .
Asia highway 41 , starting from the Pathomporn intersection , all the way to the local bus terminal , for a distance of 300 metres was also flooded and impassable for small vehicles .
President Trump : The 'only problem ' I have with Mitch McConnell is that they failed on health care
CLOSE Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did n't mention their widely reported rift with President Trump during remarks at a Kentucky breakfast Thursday . Instead , they sought to portray themselves as united with the White House on a number of priorities . ( Aug. 24 ) AP
President Trump insisted that the `` only problem '' they have with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is that they failed to get senators to repeal and replace Obamacare , days after an explosive New York Times piece disclosing that the two men have n't spoken in weeks .
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that , after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years , they failed ! That should NEVER have happened ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 24 , 2017
The Times piece described how McConnell `` privately expressed uncertainty '' that Trump will be able to get their administration back on track after an onslaught of controversies .
USA TODAY previously reported that McConnell spent an entire night debating how to respond to Trump 's turbulent news conference last week equating counterprotesters with the neo-Nazis they came to resist . McConnell 's anger — and the difficulty they felt responding to the leader of their party — highlights the quandary facing many Republicans in the aftermath of Trump 's comments blaming “ both sides ” for violence that ended in the death of 32-year-old counter-protester Heather Heyer .
On Wednesday , White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders released a statement saying Trump and McConnell `` remain united on many shared priorities , including middle class tax relief , strengthening the military , constructing a southern border wall , and other important issues . '' McConnell , too , also released a statement saying they and the president have shared goals and their teams are still in `` regular contact . ''
Yet Trump also took a jab at Republican leaders on another front : the debt ceiling .
McConnell has promised to raise the debt ceiling before the end of September deadline — around the same time lawmakers need to pass a new government spending deal . On Tuesday , Trump said they would be willing to shut down the government if it does not include money to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border .
Trump says they asked McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , to tie debt ceiling legislation into a veterans affairs bill . Trump predicts the coming fights will be `` a mess . ''
I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A . Bill ( which just passed ) for easy approval . They ... — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 24 , 2017
... did n't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up ( as usual ) on Debt Ceiling approval . Could have been so easy-now a mess ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 24 , 2017
Contributing : Heidi Przybyla
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2xvMcTd
Adolph Hitler was a big fan of standardized testing .
It helped justify much of the horrors of the Nazi regime .
“ National Socialism is nothing but applied biology , ” they said .
In other words , it 's just science , people . Some races are simply inferior to others . Black people , Jews , Gypsies , Hispanics – they just ca n't hold a candle to the superior races of Northwestern Europe .
And Hitler based much of this on the “ science ” of Eugenics , especially the work done in America in the 1910s and ‘ 20s .
Eugenicists used a flawed and biased interpretation of Gregor Mendel 's laws on heredity to argue that lawlessness , intelligence , and even economic success are passed down in families due to dominant or recessive genes . Moreover , the negative traits are widespread in certain races and the positive ones in others .
Practitioners like Carl Brigham used IQ tests to PROVE white people were just the best and everyone else , well , maybe they should just stop breeding . ( In fact , laws were passed in the U.S. imposing mandatory sterilization on thousands based on the conclusions of these “ scientists . ” )
Brigham was a U.S. Army psychologist who used WWI data to declare that whites ( especially those born inside the United States ) were the most intelligent of all peoples and that immigrants were genetically inferior . They went on to refine their work into an even better indicator of intelligence the called the Scholastic Aptitude Test or S.A.T .
Perhaps you 've heard of it .
In their seminal work , A Study of American Intelligence , Brigham concluded that American education is declining and “ will proceed with an accelerating rate as the racial mixture becomes more and more extensive . ”
To combat this mixture , eugenicist education reformers encouraged schools to rigidly track students into low , middle and high level classes – similar to the way many of our schools are organized today .
Lewis Terman , Professor of Education at Stanford University and originator of the Stanford-Binet intelligence test , expressed these views in their textbook , The Measurement of Intelligence ( 1916 ) . They wrote :
“ Among laboring men and servant girls there are thousands like them [ feebleminded individuals ] . They are the world 's “ hewers of wood and drawers of water. ” And yet , as far as intelligence is concerned , the tests have told the truth . … No amount of school instruction will ever make them intelligent voters or capable voters in the true sense of the word . … The fact that one meets this type with such frequency among Indians , Mexicans , and negroes suggests quite forcibly that the whole question of racial differences in mental traits will have to be taken up anew and by experimental methods . Children of this group should be segregated in special classes and be given instruction which is concrete and practical . They can not master , but they can often be made efficient workers , able to look out for themselves . There is no possibility at present of convincing society that they should not be allowed to reproduce , although from a eugenic point of view they constitute a grave problem because of their unusually prolific breeding ” ( 91-92 ) .
This was the original justification for academic tracking . Terman and other educational psychologists convinced many schools to use high-stakes and culturally-biased tests to place “ slow ” students into special classes or separate schools while placing more advanced students of European ancestry into the college preparatory courses .
Compare that ideal to the increasingly segregated American schools of today . We have schools for the rich and schools for the poor . We have schools for black and brown kids and schools for whites .
Terman would have been in heaven !
It was the work of patriots like Brigham and Terman that the Nazis relied on heavily to justify their forced sterilization programs and ultimately the Holocaust , itself .
Does that sound extreme ? It is n't .
At the Nuremberg Trials , Nazi scientists repeatedly praised the work of American eugenicists , who uncoincidentally also created the standardized test model of education favored by corporate education reformers today .
It 's easy to follow their logic . If certain races can be scientifically proven to be inferior , it is a small step to thinking that they should be stopped from breeding or eradicated from the face of the planet altogether .
And the pseudo-scientific justification for this scheme was standardized testing . The IQ test – which has since been shown to be incredibly biased – was used to justify mass murder . And then Brigham refined that same test into our most popular current standardized assessment – the SAT . In fact , all standardized tests that students are forced to take today owe a huge debt to the SAT and other standardized assessments used by Terman and other eugenicist educators .
The resemblance between testing in the 1910s and the 2010s is obvious to those who will but look .
Similar to the IQ test , modern standardized exams like the Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers ( PARCC ) repeatedly have been shown to be biased in favor of affluent and white test takers . Supporters bemoan the “ racial proficiency gap , ” but that 's just a nice way of wondering why the same folks Hitler thought were “ inferior ” do n't do well on our modern tests .
This is no accident . It 's how the assessments are designed .
The IQ test is supposed to demonstrate innate intelligence . However , modern psychologists have become increasingly skeptical that intelligence is fixed . So standardized assessments like the SAT are supposed to somehow show BOTH what students have learned AND their innate intelligence . That 's the justification behind the high stakes . You have to pass the SAT to show you 're smart enough to do well in college .
Such outright racism would not be tolerated today , so it becomes cloaked in doublespeak . It 's good that poor black students do n't score well on standardized tests because that shows us they need extra help . And then , instead of providing any help , we close their schools or turn them over to fly-by-night charter operators .
Once again , standardized tests are used as the justification for doing something obviously racist . If anyone said , “ We 're going to close and privatize all the schools serving minorities and the poor , ” people would revolt . However , when you say we 're doing it because of standardized tests – because of “ science ” – people just shrug and say , “ You ca n't argue with that ! ”
The same goes for Common Core State Standards . States were bribed to enact them so that the reasons for attacking public schools would be uniform across the country . This provides another level of pseudo-scientific justification .
They are supposed to ensure every student who graduates from high school will be “ college and career ready. ” However , now that Common Core has been adopted in 46 states and their tests have become aligned with the standards , we 've seen student scores take a nosedive . Only our rich white kids apparently are ready for college .
So what will we do with those who fall below the mark ? We 're sending no additional resources to help them increase their achievement . We 'll just close their schools and/or privatize . And to make sure none of them escape , we 'll make passing the Common Core tests a graduation requirement .
This does not level the playing field . This does not – as some corporate education reformers claim – ensure the sanctity of students Civil Rights . It extensively violates them !
The education model of Test and Punish is a modern eugenics movement . We 're shellacking over class divides so that those below a certain point have no possibility of ever rising to the white place . And I do mean “ white . ”
Standardized testing is not a ladder of social mobility . It is a means of keeping certain people in their proper place .
Some try to deny the racial component by pointing to the intersection with class . Testing impacts poor white children as it does poor black ones .
To a degree this is true , but remember our eugenic forerunners saw everything in purely racial terms . For instance , today , few people would claim Judaism is a race . It is a religion . It is essentially a belief system , not a set of shared genes even though some adherents do share genetic characteristics after centuries of segregation . But the Nazis considered them a race and , thus , systematically murdered 6 million of them .
The same goes for the poor . Brigham and theirs Nazi admirers thought that people were poor mainly because of their genes . They are genetically predisposed to being lazy and good for nothing , so they ca n't keep a job or advance themselves . Therefore , they 're poor . Pause for a moment to consider the large numbers of people in America today who would agree with them .
Standardized testing treats the poor the same way it does minorities . In fact , it is just the lack of opportunities that come with poverty that cause the very scores that are being used to denigrate these people . Lack of proper nutrition , food insecurity , lack of prenatal care , early childcare , fewer books in the home , exposure to violence – all of these and more combine to result in lower academic outcomes .
But standardized testing puts the blame on the victim . Students score badly because they are n't working hard enough , corporate reformers say . These kids do n't have enough “ rigor . ”
To make sure few people actually volunteer to help , we blame their teachers , as well . We make the education profession as unattractive as possible , indicting teachers for all societies ills knowing full well that this will result – as it has – in a nationwide teacher shortage . Then we can deprofessionalize the field and replace educators who have four-year-degrees with lightly trained Teach for America temps .
These kinds of shenanigans did n't fool the anti-racists of the past .
The great African American scholar W. E. B . Du Bois remarked in 1940 , “ It was not until I was long out of school and indeed after the [ First ] World War that there came the hurried use of the new technique of psychological tests , which were quickly adjusted so as to put black folk absolutely beyond the possibility of civilization . ”
They could be talking about No Child Left Behind .
In “ Intelligence Tests and Propaganda , ” scholar Horace Mann Bond issued a warning about the misuse of IQ tests :
“ But so long as any group of men attempts to use these tests as funds of information for the approximation of crude and inaccurate generalizations , so long must we continue to cry “ Hold ! ” To compare the crowded millions of New York 's East Side with the children of Morningside Heights [ an upper class neighborhood at the time ] indeed involves a great contradiction ; and to claim that the results of the tests given to such diverse groups , drawn from such varying strata of the social complex , are in any wise accurate , is to expose a fatuous sense of unfairness and lack of appreciation of the great environmental factors of modern urban life . ”
They could be talking about Race to the Top .
Karen Lewis , a present-day Chicago teacher and president of their union , says this :
“ What many people do not know is that the use of standardized tests has its origins in the Eugenics movement …we have to be clear about the original purpose of standardized tests . In a society fascinated by statistics , we are often compelled to reduce everything to a single number . Those of us who work with children know that there are so many characteristics that can not be quantified . Ask yourselves whether you want to be part of a legacy born of the unholy alliance between the concept of “ natural inequality ” and the drudgery that has been imposed on many of our classrooms . ”
Make no mistake . Corporate Education Reform is modern day eugenics . It pretends to justify increasing standardization and privatization of public schools through flawed and biased assessments . Its claims that any of this is actually supported by research are spurious . At heart , these are articles of faith – not science . Neither Common Core nor high stakes testing nor charterizing impoverished schools nor putting districts into receivership nor evaluating teachers based on student test scores – none of it has ever been shown in peer-reviewed studies to help students learn .
Corporate Education Reformers are asking all of us to have faith in a racial and economic social order that benefits those already at the top and keeps the rest of us in our place .
And for anyone who questions it , we are continually blinded by their pseudoscientific justifications .
