This is my fourth board game Secret Santa and I 've partaken in many others , if this was eBay , the title of this would be the review left to the seller . NEVER have I had someone send me my gift instantaneously . The names were drawn on the Monday and I had my gift in my hands on the Wednesday ( despite it being a bank holiday Monday ) !
The gift itself was beautifully wrapped by someone who works at Amazon and upon opening it I was greeted with Spyfall 2 ! Now , I 've never played the first one , just read reviews and watched playthroughs on the internet , whilst it was undoubtedly a good game , it had some shortcomings that Spyfall 2 has addressed and I ca n't wait to get stuck in with my friends !
Thanks Santa !
Ether breaks higher against the US dollar while declining below 0.050BTC versus bitcoin . ETH/USD challenged $ 311.00 and faced heavy offers .
ETH/BTC tumbled below 0.050BTC since the price of bitcoin surged to a new all-time high .
There is a bullish trendline forming with support at $ 305.00 on the 30-minute chart of ETH/USD .
Ether managed to break the $ 296.00 resistance and tested the $ 311.00 pivot against the US dollar .
Technically , the 2-hour chart indicators are moving higher in the bullish territory .
Ether Price Showing Bullish Signs
In the weekly forecast , we discussed how ETH/USD 's buyers need to gather momentum above $ 296.00 and $ 300.00 to challenge $ 311.00 once again . The pair did move higher and broke the $ 296.00 and $ 300.00 resistance levels .
​
However , the $ 311.00 resistance zone prevented further upsides once again and acted as a key barrier . On the flip side , the ETH/BTC pair declined and traded below 0.050BTC since bitcoin price traded to a new all-time high above $ 6,340 .
Looking at the 2-hour chart of ETH/USD , there was a break above major contracting triangle with resistance near $ 296.00 . It opened the doors for more upsides and the pair moved above the $ 300.00 and $ 305.00 resistance levels .
The pair challenged the $ 311.00 resistance on two occasions , but failed to overcome selling pressure . At present , Ether 's price is correcting lower and is trading below $ 310.00 .
It seems like there is a crucial support forming near $ 298.00 on the same chart . A connecting bullish trendline is positioned at $ 298.00 to act as a strong buy zone .
​
Dropping down to the 30-minute chart of ETH/USD , there is a short-term bullish trendline forming with support at $ 305.00 . On the upside , the $ 311.00 level is a monster hurdle for buyers . An hourly close above $ 311.00 is required for an upside drift toward $ 330.00 .
To sum up , ETH/USD would need to advance beyond $ 311.00 to gain further upside momentum . An initial support is at $ 305.00 and Ether 's price has scope to retest $ 300.00 , while further slides below it could see the pair testing an important support at $ 298.00 .
Look at this picture :
Does it remind you of something ?
Yeap , you guessed correctly . It 's Maslow 's hierarchy of needs .
Maslow was a really smart guy .
They believed that despite their flaws , individuals have an inherent drive towards self-actualization ; the process of realizing and expressing one 's own capabilities and creativity .
The pyramid somehow depicts that drive and how it pushes us towards self-actualization through its various stages .
As you can imagine , though , there is a small caveat . To ascend from the bottom to the top is no bed of roses .
Each stage represents human needs . Needs that need to be satisfied .
Apparently you ca n't really progress from one stage of the pyramid to the next if you have n't satisfied the needs associated with that stage .
That 's quite a reasonable claim .
Why would you ever get interested in self-actualization if you have n't really satisfied your previous needs first ? You have more important things to care about . Like how to pay your rent , how to find a job you like , how to have more fun , how to get over your approach anxiety and more of what we refer to as first world problems .
That 's not necessarily a bad thing for everyone , though . Especially for us bloggers .
Most of us usually operate in the Love/Self-Esteem domain .
That is the domain that sells the most because most people find themselves struggling to satisfy the needs relevant to those stages .
Most of the topics that we scrutinize , revolve around suggesting creative solutions to those first world problems and that 's why you like us and follow us .
So , today I will suggest one more creative solution to one of those first world problems .
I will do that , by trying to square the circle .
Or better yet , I will try to create a new shape . It looks something like this :
As you can see I kind of hacked Maslow 's pyramid .
After careful consideration of what Maslow considers a self-actualized person , I realized that some of the traits suggested could be attained without having to go through the love/esteem stages .
Some of the traits I am referring to include :
Presence
Acceptance and Realism
Hustle
Self-reliance
Freshness
Gratefulness
There are so many people out there , some of them even my clients that although they possess most of the above-mentioned traits , they still struggle to satisfy some lower tier needs and their emotional state suffers in return .
And I am constantly asking myself : Why do n't you capitalize on those traits ? Why do n't you restructure the damn pyramid ?
That is a very challenging claim , but as Einstein famously said :
We ca n't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them .
Which brings us to the surprise birthday party principle .
The Surprise Birthday Party Principle
Most people I mentor suffer more or less from the same condition . It is called constant validation seeking .
This condition is quite a daunting one .
It consumes their thoughts . It affects their mindset . It controls their habits .
Some of them are so profoundly affected by it that they start evaluating whatever they do based on that condition and their whole life feels like an algorithm designed to satisfy that constant need for validation .
I totally get it . Validation seeking is quite a reasonable need .
I mean it 's not much to ask since we can be validated in very simple ways on a daily basis . You do n't need to make $ 1m in sales to experience validation .
A smile from a stranger , a nice conversation , a great response to your tweets , are all simple forms of validation that can satisfy your required daily dose .
The thing is that even that might be very difficult to achieve .
I am not sure if you have noticed , but we live in a time where we are in a constant struggle to balance individualism with togetherness .
Questions like “ am I good enough ? ” and “ are my relationships good enough ? ” intermingle in a crazy abstraction that overwhelms our every move , decision and assertion .
Eventually , that abstraction affects our validation seeking and giving habits on a societal level .
You smile , you do n't get a smile back and you get grumpy . Someone else smiles at you , you do n't smile back because you are grumpy and then they get grumpy , and so on and so forth .
It 's a madhouse out there , I am telling you .
So , since we ca n't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them , why do n't we just divert from our original approach and adopt a different mindset ?
Here is the deal .
The main reason you struggle with validation is because you expect it .
Let me repeat that sentence one more time so it can sink in .
The main reason you struggle with validation is because you expect it .
You say hi to a person and expect a hi back .
You smile to a person and expect a smile back .
You start a discussion with a person and expect it to take a give and take trajectory .
You compliment a girl and you expect a thank-you .
Most of our relationships are reciprocal and that 's probably for the best .
However , this reciprocity ( or the lack of it ) is kind of creating an emotional imbalance in your life .
When you do n't get what you expect , you react emotionally and your state is affected as a result .
So , what is there to do about that ?
Is there maybe a better way to go about bringing more balance to the way you experience your encounters ?
Is there maybe a way to use the restructured pyramid to get what you want ?
Here is where the surprise birthday party principle comes in .
Let 's say it 's your birthday , ok ?
Usually , when it is your birthday you organize a party and your friends are invited and you expect to have fun , which is usually the case .
Now , let 's assume that this year you are not in the mood to organize something , so you do n't expect anything special .
What happens , however , is that your friends decided to surprise you and throw a surprise birthday party for you .
How do you feel about that ?
Is n't that feeling way more fulfilling and enjoyable than the one you would originally feel if you had decided to throw a party on your own ?
Of course , it is .
What does this actually tell you ?
It tells you that whenever the element of surprise is included in a life experience , this experience is bolstered .
Surprise is one of the most crucial ingredients in enjoying a sublime life .
And the best way to instill effective doses of surprise in your life and encounters is to use the restructured pyramid .
Become aware of your ability to stay present in the moment , become self-reliant , erode all neediness and bash the fear of rejection .
How to meet your needs :
-Eliminate distractions
-Destroy self-limiting beliefs
-Bash shame
-Control anxiety
-Embrace Flow and Focus — Quintessential Mind ( @ theQSLmind ) March 22 , 2016
Approach every interaction without expecting anything in return .
Imagine how ecstatic you will feel when to your surprise you will get what you truly desired .
Just imagine .
Have a great day .
One of my readers and a good friend , Christian , redirected me to this wonderful quote by Marcus Aurelius that is very relevant to the principle I just discussed .
Begin each day by telling yourself : Today I shall be meeting with interference , ingratitude , insolence , disloyalty , ill-will , and selfishness – all of them due to the offenders ' ignorance of what is good or evil . But for my part I have long perceived the nature of good and its nobility , the nature of evil and its meanness , and also the nature of the culprit himself , who is my brother ( not in the physical sense , but as a fellow creature similarly endowed with reason and a share of the divine ) ; therefore none of those things can injure me , for nobody can implicate me in what is degrading . Neither can I be angry with my brother or fall foul of him ; for they and I were born to work together , like a man 's two hands , feet or eyelids , or the upper and lower rows of their teeth . To obstruct each other is against Nature 's law – and what is irritation or aversion but a form of obstruction .
If you enjoyed this principle , you will definitely enjoy my 30-day challenge which will help you become more socially adept and competent .
Also , if you want to receive my posts in your email on a weekly basis do n't forget to subscribe to my inner-circle :
CHARLESTON , W.Va. ( WV MetroNews ) -- Likely voters in the November General Election in West Virginia still strongly support Republican Donald Trump in the race for president , according to our media partner , MetroNews ' latest West Virginia Poll released Thursday morning by Repass Research .
Forty-nine percent of those questioned said they support Trump followed by Hillary Clinton ( 31 percent ) , Libertarian Gary Johnson ( 10 percent ) and Green Party nominee Jill Stein ( 4 percent ) . Only 6 percent of those polled said they were n't sure who to vote for .
“ Donald Trump continues to dominate the presidential race in West Virginia , as they did during the primary season , ” Rex Repass , CEO of Repass Research and director of the MetroNews West Virginia Poll said . “ There is enthusiasm for the Republican nominee , but Libertarian Gary Johnson is also gaining some support . ”
Jobs are on the minds of state residents , Repass said .
“ Nearly nine-in-10 West Virginians are worried about the national economy ( 57 percent “ very worried ” and 31 percent “ somewhat worried ” ) , and Republicans in the state are enthusiastic about their presidential nominee , ” Repass added .
In addition to their support among Republicans ( eight-in-10 said they would vote for Trump if the election were held today ) , Trump 's support among independents is 53 percent and 27 percent among Democrats .
Not surprisingly , President Barack Obama has a 60 percent disapproval rating among those polled , with only 28 percent approving of the job the second term Obama is doing . Fellow Democrat Gov . Earl Ray Tomblin favors better with voters . Tomblin has a 53 percent approval rating . More than a fourth of those polled ( 26 percent ) said they were n't sure how U.S. Sen. Shelley Moore Capito is doing in their first term . They have a 47 percent approval rating while 27 percent disapprove . Those polled are more opinionated about Sen. Joe Manchin . They have a 50 percent approval rating , 31 percent disapprove with 19 percent of those polled not sure .
Those polled narrowly want a Republican-controlled Congress to remain in office . Forty-one percent favor a GOP Congress with 39 percent hoping the Democrats retake control .
The poll also shows a majority of Democrats polled described themselves as either frustrated , angry or afraid of the Republican Party . The same frustration was registered by Republicans with Democrats .
All of those polled said they were registered to vote and plan to vote in November . Forty-eight percent of them Democrats and 30 percent Republican .
Interviews for the MetroNews West Virginia Poll were conducted between Aug. 9-28 with a sample of 386 and 435 registered , likely voters in the Mountain State . The margin of error is +/- 4.7 .
The MetroNews West Virginia Poll will look at the gubernatorial race Friday .
A frosted layer cake is like a perfectly tailored little black dress : every curve is controlled , and every flaw is covered . Gooey butter cake is more like a favorite pair of sweatpants : cozy , unflattering and totally comfortable with itself , flaws and all .
This cake is n't pretty , but that does n't stop establishments all over St. Louis – from neighborhood corner bakeries to chic urban bistros – from serving their own version of the local delicacy .
Gooey butter cake is unassuming , to put it kindly – bright yellow , fairly flat , lacking in fancy adornments , and traditionally served directly from a baking pan , covered with nothing more than a sprinkle of powdered sugar . But when you 've got something that 's buttery , sweet , crunchy and creamy all delivered in each perfect bite , who cares about looks ?
It is intensely sweet , but it 's really all about the texture . Aficionados argue about which piece is best : the crispy-and-chewy brownie-like corners or the soft , creamy sides . Regardless , the bottom layer more closely resembles the inside of a traditional cake than it does crust , and the top has a creamy , almost pudding-like texture , traditionally achieved with corn syrup , butter and eggs , and sometimes – in more modern versions – amped up with cream cheese . A perfect gooey butter cake is almost slightly underbaked in the center ( the most highly prized piece is – after the corners – smack dab in the middle of the cake ) .
It 's a texture thing
Native St. Louisan Tim Brennan owns the James Beard Award-winning Cravings Restaurant and Bakery in the suburb of Webster Groves . They developed a taste for gooey butter cake when they were growing up in St. Louis ' Soulard neighborhood , where a trip to the now-closed Soulard Bakery was a weekend treat . Brennan still remembers what might be the ultimate St. Louis indignity : One of their sisters used sneak into the kitchen when no one was around and cut the chewy perimeter from an entire freshly purchased cake . “ She 'd eat it all by herself , leaving the soft inner section for the rest of the family , and hoo boy , my mom was not very pleased about that , ” Brennan recalls .
Why does gooey butter cake have such staying power on the St. Louis palate ? “ It 's very sweet , and I 've learned from my many years of running a bakery here that this city likes things on the sweet side , ” Brennan says . In addition to flavor , the point-counterpoint of the cake 's crust and filling also make it a winner , they say . “ I love that contrast in consistency between the chewy crust and the creamy filling . The texture is what makes it so wonderful . ”
The birth of gooeyness
To make sense of how this cake became St. Louis ' claim to baking fame , it helps to understand a little more about the city . St. Louis has historically been a place where the best things happen on the corner . Thanks to its heavily German immigrant population , the city ( especially the south side ) had a plentiful supply of corner bars ( serving up lots of Anheuser-Busch products , as the brewery was founded here ) . And if there was one thing those Germans loved as much as beer , it was sweet baked goods , so corners of South St. Louis that were n't populated by bars filled up with neighborhood bakeries .
The legend goes like this : The first cake was made sometime in the 1930s , the result of an accident by a careless baker named John Hoffman who worked at St. Louis Pastries Bakery in the south side of the city . They mistakenly reversed the proportions of butter and flour in their cake batter . With way more butter than flour in the recipe , the resulting cake was a buttery blob that spread out all over the pan . Unwilling to it toss out and lose the revenue , Hoffman instead named it “ gooey butter cake. ” People loved it , so Hoffman continued to recreate this “ mistake , ” and soon bakeries all over St. Louis were offering their own version . With so many bakeries , it did n't take long for the cake to cement its reputation across the city .
Having so many bakeries to choose from encouraged residents to pick their favorite and remain loyal through generations . St. Louis native Julie Brown-Price says their family insisted on getting their cakes from the Missouri Baking Company on The Hill , which has been in business since 1924 . “ We had it on Fourth of July and for graduations , showers , first communion and baptisms , ” they say .
Tom Bliss , who now lives in Minneapolis , remembers growing up convinced that Lake Forest Pastry Shop , in their hometown of suburban Clayton , was the only place to get “ real ” gooey butter cake : “ My great aunt Marian used to visit us every summer from New Orleans , and their first stop was always to Lake Forest . It was only because of them that I realized it was a delicacy other people did n't have . ”
A new generation
While the city 's love for traditional gooey butter cake has continued , there 's a new generation of bakers in town who are putting a modern twist on the classic version , creating flavors like triple chocolate , white chocolate raspberry , peanut butter , chocolate chip , strawberry cheesecake , brownie , cinnamon , pumpkin , eggnog , gingerbread and red velvet .
There 's one bakery in town , Gooey Louie , that serves nothing but versions of the cake , in three sizes and more than a dozen flavors . McArthur 's Bakery sells gooey butter wedding cakes , and Little O 's Old Time Soda Fountain in suburban St. Charles even has a gooey butter milkshake on the menu .
Bakeries and restaurants around the country are starting to serve their own versions of gooey butter cake , too . Austin 's Chez Zee American Bistro serves double chocolate gooey butter cake , Merriment Social in Milwaukee has a version served with smoked blueberry jam and whipped creme fraiche , and the cake appears in its classic form on the menu at Sugar Couture in Brooklyn . At Ample Hills Creamery in Brooklyn , ooey gooey butter cake is one of the only ice creams that 's always on offer among a rotating cast of flavors .
Calling religion delusional has become an increasingly popular strategy for its critics . To my ear , there 's more to this than just a benign slight -- there 's at least the hint of the pathological . Religion can be delusional , but to think it inherently so is to misunderstand both religion and delusion .
Having spent my entire professional career around psychologists , I 'm all too aware of how clinicians cringe when diagnostic terms get tossed about willy-nilly . So let 's begin with what the latest APA Diagnostic and Statistical Manual ( DSM IV-TR , p. 821 ) says about delusion :
A false belief based on incorrect inference about external reality that is firmly sustained despite what almost everyone else believes and despite what constitutes incontrovertible and obvious proof or evidence to the contrary . The belief is not one ordinarily accepted by other members of the person 's culture or subculture ( e.g. , it is not an article of religious faith ) .
Note that the manual almost gives religion a free pass on the delusion issue , which for some might end the discussion right there . But let 's assume that this is too generous and push ahead anyway .
Delusions of persecution and grandeur are two of the more common forms among those requiring psychiatric care . So if I believe I 'm the king of England despite considerable evidence otherwise ( `` Where are my scepter and my subjects ? Good God , what I am doing in South Louisiana ? `` ) , then there may be psychological trouble brewing . Maintaining my belief very likely requires convoluted explanations for why the world seems organized such that my assertions of royalty are contradicted at every turn . The mental gymnastics exact a toll , and herein lies a second critical aspect of pathological delusion : the person 's ability to function effectively in the world is compromised . Delusional individuals are often highly distressed , as are those around them .
As with any psychological disorder , functional impairment is key . Perfectly normal people hold all kinds of beliefs based on partial or equivocal evidence -- the vagaries of human life make this unavoidable . So the standard for determining whether or not religious beliefs are delusional is the same as that required for any belief : is the belief contradicted by so much obvious and convincing evidence that in order to maintain it the believer becomes functionally compromised , producing suffering for themselves and those around them ? In general the answer here is no , for a number of reasons .
First , religions largely traffic in beliefs that stand outside of easy evidentiary evaluation -- in other words , religious notions tend to be neither verifiable nor falsifiable . For example , most of the global religions have long-standing rituals designed to provide cleansing of the soul or forgiveness of sins . There 's a far shorter history ( if any at all ) of rituals that protect one from bullets or other lethal projectiles . Rituals claiming to accomplish the latter are simply too easily refuted by evidence . What gets winnowed out of religions over time are those practices or notions that place too great a strain on credulity . The ideas that remain are stubbornly oblique to empirical analysis . It 's very hard to prove or disprove whether a benevolent God exists , or that the universe has purpose , or that man has a spiritual as well as material nature . Whatever evidence one might raise on these questions is , at best , ambiguous and open to multiple interpretations .
Second , an important finding that has emerged over the past 20 years or so from the cognitive science of religion is that religious thinking builds quite seamlessly on our natural modes of cognition . By evolutionary design , we tend to see the world in terms of intentional , meaningful patterns . Religious thinking simply takes this mode of thought to its very logical conclusion : we 're inclined to think the world is an intentionally created , meaningful place because it is . Since religious thinking comes naturally to us , it is actually the skeptical mindset that requires greater effort to consistently maintain . Which leads to an interesting hypothesis : given the relatively greater mental effort required to maintain skeptical beliefs , it should be atheistic thinking , more so than religious thinking , that is prone to slide into pathology .
Finally , since religion is a community-based enterprise , it largely discourages disengaged individualism . While this has its hazards -- lock-step conformity , tribalism , narrow-mindedness , etc . -- it does promote social integration among its members and that is generally good for psychological functioning . The religions we have with us today did not just drop from the sky , they evolved , with a primary selection criterion being how well they created trusting , cooperative groups motivated for collective action . The motivations they employ and the actions they engender may be good or bad from an outside perspective ; but , by and large , being part of a tight-knit social group is psychologically beneficial for its members .
Thus , there really is a critical difference between someone worshiping Chewbacca the wookiee in their basement and someone going to church . Since most of us believe that Chewbacca is a fictional character ( albeit not one without a certain hairy charm ) and not a deity , the wookiee-worshiper is largely singular in their liturgical activities . They must disengage from the community , while at the same time doing a fair amount of mental work to maintain their 'wookiee-as-deity ' beliefs in the face of a 'wookiee-as-Star-Wars-character ' world . This may or may not be delusional , but it 's at least worrisome . By contrast , religion requires engagement with a community and this typically facilitates adaptive functioning .
Religion therefore contains a host of properties that actually militate against pathological delusion : ( 1 ) its general notions and practices are not obviously contradicted by evidence , ( 2 ) it requires very little mental effort to sustain most religious notions , and ( 3 ) it encourages community integration which promotes healthy psychological functioning . Indeed , most empirical studies confirm that religious people tend to be happier and healthier , as well as financially , socially , and interpersonally more successful than their non-religious counterparts -- wholly inconsistent with the religion-as-delusion theory .
On Wednesday 's All In show on MSNBC , substitute host Joy Reid presided over two recurring MSNBC guests who hurled hyperbolic accusations against Republicans into a discussion of President Donald Trump 's reaction to the Charlottesville violence . In one segment , `` life-long Republican '' Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson asserted that `` my Republican Party has racists all over it . ''
In a later segment , Democratic pollster Fernand Amandi -- who has a history of going on over the top rants -- accused Republicans of being the `` RepubliKlan party , '' and declared that President Trump `` is now the nation 's number one national security threat . ''
At 8:27 p.m. , host Reid asked Wilkerson -- a supposed Republican who usually gives liberal commentary on the news network -- to react to Trump 's press conference that has been attracting so much criticism . Them Republican guest , apart from identifying themselves as a Republican , sounded indistinguishable from a liberal as they responded :
Joy , you know I 've said in the past that my party -- my Republican Party has racists all over it . Ever since Nixon 's Southern Strategy when we invited all those hard case Democrats -- of which one was my grandmother in South Carolina -- into the ranks of the Republican Party -- we 've had that element to deal with .
Near the end of the show , Reid spoke with Republican strategist Gianno Caldwell to discuss their concerns about Trump 's reaction to the Charlottesville violence -- particularly the President 's odd suggestion that some of the attendees of the white racist rally were `` good people . '' When it was fellow guest Fernand Amandi 's turn to speak , the Democratic pollster went on a rant against the Republican party :
What Trump did yesterday was killed the Republican party . Whatever was left of any moral authority that the Republican party had in the denouncing of this type of hate , Donald Trump killed it . And what exists today , 24 hours later , it 's not the Republican Party , it 's the `` RepubliKlan '' -- the `` RepubliKlan '' party .
Caldwell then did something that Republican guests on MSNBC do n't typically do : They actually argued against their liberal fellow guest and defended the Republican Party . Caldwell began their objections by injecting , `` I do n't agree with that . Man , I did n't -- I did n't realize I was coming in to -- ''
After Amandi continued their rant by ridiculously complaining that no Republicans have switched parties over Trump , Caldwell got their chance to defend the GOP :
First and foremost , I reject the comments of the other guest . I believe they were intellectually dishonest . There have been Republicans all over who have condemned the comments of President Trump .
Reid -- seemingly not aware of some of the Republicans who have criticized Trump -- injected : `` By name ? ''
Them Republican guest continued :
And in numerous instances -- yeah , John McCain -- you want to talk about them ? We can talk about a number of individuals that have done so . But the truth of the matter is , the Republican party is not a party of -- full of racists . Certainly there are some folks within the Republican party just as there are in the Democratic party that are racist and those support racism , but that is not the whole party .
When it was Amandi 's turn to speak again , their ranting continued as they repeated their `` RepubliKlan '' smear , and then claimed that President Trump is the `` number one national security threat '' for the country :
Unfortunately , this is the Republican party -- or the `` RepubliKlan '' party as I said earlier -- that exists today . And until we see patriots of conscience to the extent that those are left will leave this party and denounce this President -- not their words -- denounce them by name . The President is the purveyor of hate . The President is now the nation 's number one national security threat because their words have opened a Pandora 's box that will hurt and kill Americans .
Just this past weekend , Amandi was on Reid 's weekend show -- AM Joy -- where they used their rant of the day to accuse some of President Trump 's advisors of being `` Nazis . ''
And Colonel Wilkerson has their own checkered history as a recurring MSNBC guest . Just a few weeks ago , they recited an anti-Semitic quote to suggest that `` the Jews '' are the `` biggest enemy '' of Christians in the Middle East . And , a couple years ago , they hinted that they would like to do harm to Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer for siding with conservatives on the Iran nuclear deal . The recurring MSNBC guest vaguely declared that `` I wo n't say what I 'd like to do '' to Schumer -- a Jewish Democrat who sometimes sides with Republicans on matters concerning Israel 's security .
Below is a transcript of relevant portions of the Wednesday , August 16 , All In with Chris Hayes :
THIS CONTEST IS NOW CLOSED TO ENTRIES . We 'll announce the winner during the first week of January , 2011 .
Gadget Lab has been accused of being somewhat obsessed with the Apple tablet . Guilty as charged ! We are obsessed , we admit it .
After all , who would n't be obsessed with a device that promises to revolutionize mobile computing , make our iPhones look tiny and stupid , overhaul book publishing , inject new lifeblood into the consumer electronics industry , and maybe even save the dying world of print magazines upon which our livelihoods depend ?
Okay , so we may be going a bit over the top , especially for a product that does n't exist – and may never exist .
It 's important to remember that Apple has never confirmed it 's even working on a tablet . Everything up to this point is speculation and conjecture . But the signs are very suggestive , and most industry observers , including Gadget Lab , expect Apple to release a tablet-like device in 2010 .
Even if Apple does n't release a tablet , other manufacturers likely will , from startups like Fusion Garage to ( rumors suggest ) HP , Dell , Nokia and others .
Still , most eyes are on Apple , thanks in part to its impressive track record with the iPhone . Love it or hate it , the Cupertino company definitely knows how to reimagine a product category and reinvent an industry .
For that reason , we 'll keep covering the rumors , the leaks , and – if it emerges – the device itself . We cover this topic because you readers have let us know , with your comments and your many , many clicks , that you are interested in it .
But that does n't mean we ca n't have a little fun with it .
So here 's the deal : Predict how many stories Wired.com will publish about an Apple tablet during 2010 . Whoever comes the closest will win an actual Apple tablet ( assuming one exists ) . If there is no such thing at the end of 2010 , we 'll give the winner a consolation prize : A subscription to Wired magazine .
Deadline : All entries must be received by January 5 , 2010 , at 5pm Pacific time . At that point we will close the form and seal the spreadsheet until January 1 , 2011 .
Problems ? Questions ? Snarky remarks ? Put them in the comments below . And good luck !
Illustration : Matt Skach
The head of NATO says Rus­sia 's in­cur­sion in­to Ukraine may af­fect the pro­spects for nuc­le­ar arms con­trol in Europe , which already faced polit­ic­al chal­lenges .
“ Of course I can­not ex­clude that the events we have wit­nessed in Crimea will also have an im­pact on the think­ing about arms con­trol , in­clud­ing nuc­le­ar policies , ” NATO Sec­ret­ary Gen­er­al An­ders Fogh Rasmussen said in Wed­nes­day re­marks at the Brook­ings In­sti­tu­tion in Wash­ing­ton .
The al­li­ance lead­er did not say wheth­er they were re­fer­ring to po­ten­tial changes in NATO 's or Rus­sia 's po­s­i­tions on the po­ten­tial for pull-backs of tac­tic­al nuc­le­ar arms in Europe , or both .
Even be­fore the events this month in east­ern Ukraine , the in­creas­ingly frosty re­la­tion­ship between Mo­scow and Wash­ing­ton had dampened pro­spects for a new round of bi­lat­er­al arms re­duc­tions that might in­clude U.S. non­stra­tegic nuc­le­ar weapons ded­ic­ated to NATO de­fense .
The Krem­lin has shown little in­terest , in par­tic­u­lar , in re­deploy­ing or elim­in­at­ing its es­tim­ated 2,000 tac­tic­al nuc­le­ar arms with ranges that can reach European soil . By con­trast , the United States fields ap­prox­im­ately one-tenth of that size non-stra­tegic atom­ic ar­sen­al in a hand­ful of al­lied na­tions in Europe , in­stead re­ly­ing more on NATO 's su­per­i­or con­ven­tion­al ca­pa­city for de­fense .
Rus­sia mil­it­ary oc­cu­pa­tion of Crimea and sub­sequent an­nex­a­tion of the ter­rit­ory over the loud protests of Kiev has dis­turbed NATO to a de­gree not seen since the Cold War . The events of the past few weeks have triggered a sig­ni­fic­ant re­think of the role of the West­ern al­li­ance in de­ter­ring Rus­si­an mil­it­ary activ­ity in East­ern and Cent­ral Europe .
The 28-mem­ber de­fense al­li­ance at its last sum­mit in 2012 in Chica­go re­af­firmed that nuc­le­ar arms were a key tool for de­ter­ring would-be ag­gressors . NATO na­tions also said they would work to “ cre­ate the con­di­tions ” ne­ces­sary for fur­ther cuts to the tac­tic­al nuc­le­ar arms com­mit­ted to NATO .
“ We should n't be na­ive , ” Rasmussen said on the sub­ject of European nuc­le­ar arms con­trol . “ While we will work to­wards a re­duc­tion in the num­ber of nuc­le­ar weapons , we also need more trans­par­ency and we need to re­duce in a bal­anced man­ner ” with Rus­sia .
On the sub­ject of NATO mis­sile de­fense , the sec­ret­ary gen­er­al said they understand that a U.S. plan to de­ploy ad­vanced mis­sile in­ter­cept­ors in Ro­mania in 2015 and Po­land in 2018 re­mains on track . A con­gres­sion­al re­port pub­lished last week raised doubts about that timeline .
“ Ac­cord­ing to all in­form­a­tion I have got , there wo n't be any change of the timetable as re­gards the de­vel­op­ment of the NATO mis­sile de­fense sys­tem , in­clud­ing the es­tab­lish­ment of fa­cil­it­ies in Ro­mania and Po­land , ” Rasmussen said . “ The timeline is that we in­tend to provide full cov­er­age by 2018 , and so far I have n't seen any in­dic­a­tions of changes in that plan . ”
NATO says the mis­sile shield it is con­struct­ing with con­sid­er­able sup­port from the United States is fo­cused on de­ter­ring at­tacks from the Middle East . Wash­ing­ton has in­sisted that Mo­scow is wrong in as­sert­ing the sys­tem would have any ca­pa­city to block its ar­sen­al of stra­tegic mis­siles .
However , some NATO mem­bers such as Po­land view the pres­ence of U.S. and al­lied an­ti­mis­sile sys­tems on their ter­rit­ory as at least sym­bol­ic­ally im­port­ant as a de­terrence sig­nal .
Despite a number of tweets that suggested otherwise , ComicBook.com has learned that Manu Bennett will return to Arrow in the role of Slade Wilson/Deathstroke for the show 's season 5 finale .
Series star Stephen Amell and executive producers for the series had separately told fans to expect Bennett 's villain , who was the big bad on the show 's fan-favorite second season , with EP Marc Guggenheim sharing a set photo that included a man in Bennett 's Deathstroke costume .
Bennett had tweeted that on Monday that they are n't returning to Arrow , and then followed it up yesterday with a tweet that read , `` Enough b.s about d.s ! ! ! FACT : Deathstroke Arrow are currently filming in Vancouver IS NOT ME . I am in Auckland filming The Shannara Chronicles . '' Bennett has not appeared on Arrow since a season three episode in which their character was easily bested by Thea Queen , Oliver 's younger sister , in a fight . After that episode , Bennett criticized the show . That public criticism , coupled with a then-recent alteraction with a fan at a convention , led many viewers to assume that they had seen the last of their character .
Ferry services to the Isle of Wight have been disrupted after a large fire at a boatyard on an industrial estate in Cowes .
Explosions were reported after the blaze broke out at a marina workshop , containing flammable gas and 50 fibreglass boats , in Medina Village .
Plumes of smoke billowed as high as 200ft into the air while more than 30 firefighters tackled the blaze on Monday afternoon .
Smoke could be seen from Isle of Wight ferries and one operator , Red Funnel , was forced to cancel some services on safety grounds .
Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue Service were called to the scene at about 12.30pm .
Fifty fibreglass boats are believed to be on the premises , in addition to cars and acetylene cylinders .
Social media users posted pictures on Twitter of a pall of thick , black smoke visible around the town .
@ iwightradio photos from my boyfriend of the fire in cowes . pic.twitter.com/8ElqRWRe9Q — zoe coe ( @ ZoeBumblebeeCoe ) January 25 , 2016
Residents in surrounding streets were evacuated from their homes and witnesses reported hearing explosions .
Karen Harris , working in a nearby office , described seeing `` thick bellowing smoke '' .
`` It 's floating down the Medina River - you can see the thick cloud coming into the harbour . It keeps pulsing into the sky and it 's obscured the floating bridge - its quite dramatic , '' they told the BBC .
The fire service evacuated properties along Bridge Street and a 200 metre cordon was put in place .
The Red Funnel car ferry from Southampton , Hampshire , to Cowes was suspended along with the nearby Cowes Chain Ferry .
The Health and Safety Executive warns that acetylene is an extremely flammable gas and can form an explosive atmosphere in the presence of air or oxygen .
It is contained in cylinders that have a different design to other gas cylinders and is primarily used for welding , cutting and similar related processes with a torch .
An Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said : `` There were 50 fibreglass boats , multiple cars and acetylene cylinders inside the building .
`` We received a call at 12.31pm this afternoon and six fire engines are currently on the scene .
`` As far as we know everyone who works in the building has been accounted for . ''
For up-to-date travel & service information please follow @ RF_Travel_News or visit our service status at https : //t.co/HKESOgqeJL — Red Funnel Ferries ( @ RedFunnel ) January 25 , 2016
A Hampshire Fire and Service spokesperson said : `` There is a major fire inside an industrial unit near the harbour in Cowes .
`` There is a great deal of smoke coming out and we have got six appliances there . We have evacuated the residential homes on Bridge Street . ''
A Red Funnel spokesperson said : “ Red Funnel 's vehicle ferry service between Southampton and East Cowes has now been suspended on safety grounds due to a large fire which has broken out in the Medina Village area of Cowes ( West ) .
`` Foot passengers are being given free upgrades to Red Funnel 's Red Jet service between Southampton and West Cowes which is operating normally .
`` Vehicle customers will be refunded for the affected leg of their journey if they wish to rebook via Fishbourne or Yarmouth .
`` This is an evolving situation and customers are asked to check the website and social media channels for the latest travel information .
`` In the meantime , Red Funnel would like to apologise to all customers for the inconvenience this incident has caused ” .
• Gas cylinder explosion on school bus kills 17 children
The four-fight main card for the UFC 's next show in Brazil now is official .
UFC on FX 8 takes place May 18 at Arena Jaragua in Jaragua do Sul . The event 's main card airs on FX following prelims on FUEL TV and Facebook . The main event is a middleweight bout between Vitor Belfort ( 22-10 MMA , 11-6 UFC ) and final Strikeforce 185-pound champion Luke Rockhold ( 10-1 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) .
UFC officials recently made official the 13-fight card , which will be the promotion 's seventh in Brazil since returning to the country in August 2011 .
Belfort returns to Brazil following their second-round knockout of Michael Bisping at UFC on FX 7 in January . After that win , they called out light heavyweight champion Jon Jones . Instead , he 'll get Rockhold , who has won nine straight , including two defenses of the Strikeforce middleweight title before moving to the UFC with the merger of the two promotions . They most recently fought in July , taking a unanimous decision from Tim Kennedy .
Rounding out the main card on FX are middleweight bouts between Constantinos Philippou ( 12-2 MMA , 5-1 UFC ) and Ronaldo Souza ( 17-3 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) , plus C.B . Dollaway ( 13-4 MMA , 7-4 UFC ) vs. Cezar Ferreira ( 5-2 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) , and a lightweight bout between Rafael dos Anjos ( 18-6 MMA , 7-4 UFC ) and Evan Dunham ( 14-3 MMA , 7-3 UFC ) .
FUEL TV gets a six-fight preliminary card that features previously reported bouts between Hacran Dias ( 21-1-1 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) and Manny Gamburyan ( 12-7 MMA , 3-5 UFC ) at featherweight ; Mike Rio ( 9-1 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) vs. Francisco Trinaldo ( 12-2 MMA , 2-1 UFC ) at lightweight ; featherweights Yuri Alcantara ( 27-4 MMA , 2-1 UFC ) and Marcos Vinicius ( 20-4-1 MMA , 1-1 UFC ) ; welterweights Lance Benoist ( 6-2 MMA , 1-2 UFC ) vs. Paulo Thiago ( 14-5 MMA , 4-5 UFC ) ; Azamat Gashimov ( 7-2 MMA , 0-1 UFC ) vs. John Lineker ( 20-6 MMA , 1-1 UFC ) at flyweight ; and a light heavyweight bout featuring Roger Hollett ( 13-4 MMA , 0-1 UFC ) vs. Fabio Maldonado ( 18-6 MMA , 1-3 UFC ) .
Prior to the televised prelims on FUEL TV , the UFC will stream three other prelims on Facebook . John Cholish ( 8-2 MMA , 1-0 UFC ) meets Gleison Tibau ( 26-9 MMA , 11-7 UFC ) at lightweight ; Chris Cariaso ( 14-4 MMA , 4-2 UFC ) takes on Jussier Formiga ( 14-2 MMA , 0-1 UFC ) at flyweight ; and lightweights Jeremy Larsen ( 8-3 MMA , 0-1 UFC ) and Lucas Martins ( 12-1 MMA , 0-1 UFC ) will open the card .
The full UFC on FX 8 lineup includes :
MAIN CARD ( FX , 9 p.m . ET )
Vitor Belfort vs. Luke Rockhold
Constantinos Philippou vs. Ronaldo Souza
C.B . Dollaway vs. Cezar Ferreira
Rafael dos Anjos vs. Evan Dunham
PRELIMINARY CARD ( FUEL TV , 6 p.m . ET )
Hacran Dias vs. Manvel Gamburyan
Mike Rio vs. Francisco Trinaldo
Yuri Alcantara vs. Marcos Vinícius
Lance Benoist vs. Paulo Thiago
Azamat Gashimov vs. John Lineker
Roger Hollet vs. Fabio Maldonado
PRELIMINARY CARD ( Facebook , 4:30 p.m . ET )
John Cholish vs. Gleison Tibau
Chris Cariaso vs. Jussier Formiga
Jeremy Larsen vs. Lucas Martins
For the latest on UFC on FX 8 , stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site .
( Pictured : Luke Rockhold )
United Airlines becomes first in U.S. to fly 'awesome ' Dreamliner
United Airlines CEO Jeff Smisek ( center ) is joined by United crew in cutting the ribbon prior to the carrier 's first-ever revenue flight on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner . ( Photo : Courtesy of Chris Sloan , Airchive.com )
United Airlines flew into the aviation history books yesterday , becoming the first U.S. carrier to fly paying passengers on Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner .
The flight — United Flight 1116 — departed Houston Bush Intercontinental Airport at 7:20 a.m. CT before touching down at 9:47 a.m. CT in Chicago .
PHOTOS : United 's inaugural Dreamliner flight
MORE : Onboard United 's 787 inaugural , in our readers ' words
Aviation enthusiasts , United employees , journalists — and even a few regular passengers — were among those on the history-making flight .
Chicago resident and Today in the Sky reader Scott Shatzer was one of those aviation enthusiasts . Shatzer normally flies with American , where he 's earned `` Executive Platinum '' elite frequent-flier status . But they say they could n't pass up the opportunity to fly on the USA 's first domestic Dreamliner flight , regardless of the airline .
AIRCHIVE.COM : Photos , trip-report from United 's inaugural 787 flight
AP : United becomes first U.S. airline to fly Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner
PHOTO ARCHIVES : United 's gives sneak-peak of its new Dreamliner
`` We were so excited , we all found it a bit difficult to sleep I believe so we were up and on the hotel shuttle van at 5 a.m. , '' says Shatzer , who traveled with seven other Chicago-area friends to be on United 's 787 inaugural .
`` It felt like we were kids going to Disney World for the first time , I guess , '' they tell Today in the Sky
`` The plane is amazing , '' adds Kris Van Cleave of Washington , D.C. , another aviation enthusiast who traveled to Houston just to be on the inaugural flight to Chicago .
`` The flight was so much fun , it had a party atmosphere , '' Van Cleave , a reporter at Washington 's WJLA ABC affiliate Channel 7 , tells Today in the Sky . `` ( United CEO Jeff ) Smisek must have talked to every passenger on the flight , people were out of their seats the entire flight — how the cabin crew managed to serve drinks and food is beyond me , but they did it with a smile . ''
The plane arrived in Chicago to a raucous welcoming ceremony at O'Hare , where a media throng and crowd of United employees were on hand to witness the spectacle .
The aircraft was given a water-cannon salute — a customary greeting or send-off for inaugural flights — as the Dreamliner pulled into Chicago O'Hare for the first time ever with paying passengers .
Chris Sloan of Miami , who maintains aviation enthusiast site Airchive.com and is a contributor for Airways Magazine , described the scene as the flight neared the terminal at O'Hare .
`` These salutatory moments never get old as our 787 was given a bath from both sides of the jet , '' Sloan says of the watery greeting . `` I deplaned right behind Jeff Smisek to a line of well-wishers and press . Their remarks said it all : 'Awesome ! Just Awesome ! ' ``
Meanwhile , United CEO Smisek now hopes their airline can harness the positive momentum from the Dreamliner debut . That 's after United 's performance has suffered this year during its integration with Continental , a sometimes disjointed effort that has alienated some of the company 's top-tier fliers .
`` The reality is we were not reliable in June and July , '' Smisek told Bloomberg News during an in-flight interview on the inaugural to Chicago . `` We lost some valuable customers . We 're in the process of earning them back . ''
Stay tuned for updates , including full first-hand accounts from some Today in the Sky readers on the plane . Next update : By 4 p.m . ET .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/RL7rVc
Skywatcher Maxim Senin caught the full moon during the moon 's conjunction with Mars , March 7 , 2012 , in Long Beach , CA . Says he : `` Mars , it 's round and red/orange , but too blurred to see any features in my telescope . ''
Russia plans to send cosmonauts to the moon and unmanned spacecraft to Mars , Venus and Jupiter , all by 2030 , according to news reports .
These ambitious spaceflight goals are laid out in a strategy document drawn up recently by Russia 's Federal Space Agency ( known as Roscosmos ) , the Russian newspaper Kommersant reported Tuesday ( March 13 ) .
And there 's more . Roscosmos wants a new rocket called Angara to become the nation 's workhorse launch vehicle by 2020 , replacing the venerable Soyuz and Proton rockets that have been carrying the load since the 1960s .
The space agency also plans to top Angara with a new six-seat spaceship , an upgrade over the three-passenger Soyuz spacecraft that is currently the world 's only means of transporting astronauts to and from the International Space Station . [ Photos : Building the International Space Station ]
Angara will launch from a new spaceport in eastern Russia called Vostochny , Russian news outlet RT reports . Construction began on the $ 20 billion Vosotchny cosmodrome last year , and Roscosmos hopes it will be ready to replace the old Baikonur facility — which is outside Russia 's borders , in neighboring Kazakhstan — by 2018 .
Russia 's new space vision focuses heavily on the moon . In addition to the manned lunar landing , Roscosmos is considering building a space station in orbit around Earth 's nearest neighbor by 2030 . Russia is a key partner in the recently completed International Space Station , but at the moment the $ 100 billion orbiting lab is only slated to operate through 2020 .
The Russian space plan also calls for sending robotic probes to visit Venus , Jupiter and Mars by 2030 .
Roscosmos ' goals may strike some observers as incredibly ambitious , especially given the Russian space program 's poor track record recently .
In February 2011 , for example , a Rockot launch vehicle failed to place an Earth-observing satellite in the proper orbit . On Aug. 18 , a Proton rocket similarly underperformed , delivering a $ 300 million communications satellite to the wrong orbit .
Less than a week later , on Aug. 24 , the unmanned Progress 44 supply ship crashed while hauling cargo to the space station . Progress 44 was done in by a problem with its Soyuz rocket . Russia uses a similar version of the Soyuz to launch astronauts to the space station , so manned flights were temporarily put on hold until the problem with the rocket could be identified and fixed .
A Soyuz 2 rocket crashed just after liftoff on Dec. 23 , destroying a Russian military communications satellite . Finally , the failed Mars probe Phobos-Grunt came crashing back to Earth on Jan. 15 , 2012 , two months after getting stuck in Earth orbit shortly after liftoff .
Phobos-Grunt was the 19th spacecraft Russia has launched toward Mars since 1960 . None has achieved full mission success .
While Russia did resume rocket launches after each incident , Roscosmos officials were forced to delay the planned launch of the next Soyuz spacecraft carrying a new space station crew after the capsule was damaged in a pressure test . The delay pushed the Soyuz crew launch back from a planned late March liftoff to no earlier than mid-May to allow time for repairs .
Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @ Spacedotcomand on Facebook .
BART reached new heights in ridership during February , setting a new mark for monthly ridership and establishing three of the top 10 busiest days in their history .
BART reached new heights in ridership during February , setting a new mark for monthly ridership and establishing three of the top 10 busiest days in their history .
Bolstered by Super Bowl crowds , BART set a record in February for average monthly weekday ridership , a BART spokesperson said Wednesday .
The average for last month was 446,650 , compared with a record of 446,008 set in October 2015 , spokesperson Alicia Trost said .
During the last year , the number of BART riders has grown three percent , down from 6 growth percent in previous years because trains can hold only so many people .
The busiest weekday for BART was in 2012 when San Francisco held a victory parade for the World Series champion San Francisco Giants , Trost said . The second busiest day was when Oakland held a victory parade for the NBA champion Golden State Warriors .
Three of the top ten busiest days , including the third busiest day , were when San Francisco was hosting Super Bowl City .
BART 's performance during Super Bowl Week , especially its on-time performance , was good , according to BART officials . On-time performance was better than 90 percent despite the pressure to move so many people .
Also , few medical or equipment problems occurred , which could have caused delays , Trost said .
The Aamir Khan-starrer PK , which faced the wrath of a section of people allegedly for depicting Hindu religion in bad light , is setting collection records besides garnering support from the progressive groups . On the other hand , a Malayalam filmmaker has been running from pillar to post for nearly two years after their film was denied censor certificate , allegedly for hurting the sentiments of the Christian community.Koothuparamba native T Deepesh completed the film Pithavinum Puthranum in 2012 , with great expectations because that was a departure from the kind of films that the Malayali audience were used to . But , unfortunately , it was rejected clearance by the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC ) even after the director approached the review committee . `` According to CBFC , the film could not be certified for public exhibition because the content of the film was likely to hurt the religious sentiments of the Christian community , '' said Deepesh , who has already made a couple of feature films and a few award-winning short films , including Typewriter and Save . `` But in my film there is nothing that could hurt Christianity as such , because it explores the lives of two nuns , '' they pointed out . `` Though some dark characters among the priests find place in the film , it is not about religion , '' they vouch . `` It explores the inner yearnings of a nun who dreams of colorful dress and the brightness of life . If the authorities can permit the book by Sister Jesmi , why not a film that explores the depths of a nun 's thoughts ? '' they asked . But Deepesh is yet to get a clear answer , even as they are finalizing the print with English subtitles to submit to the appellate tribunal as the last attempt to get the clearance . What is ironic is that the Censor Board members were all praise for the film but they said they could not give clearance because there were more than 20 complaints against the film . `` But how come anybody raise the complaint without watching the film , '' asked the director . `` Even the Pope has said there are some shady elements among the priests . Then why they are after my film , that too without seeing it ? ” Deepesh wondered . `` Though the earlier name of the film was ' Pithavinum Puthranum Parisudhathmavinum ' ( Father , Son and Holy Spirit ) , it was later renamed 'Pithavinum Puthranum ' to avoid any controversy , '' they added . `` Unfortunately even the progressive movements that came to support PK , or the Left parties that vouch for freedom of expression , did not come to support us and the industry organizations feign ignorance , '' Deepesh said . `` We made the film under banner of Track & Trolly Productions spending Rs 1.75 crore and the uncertainty has affected the producers too . ''
The funny thing is , Paula Broadwell and David Petraeus thought they knew what they were doing . They were careful , more careful than the average American fooling around outside the bounds of marriage tends to be . When Broadwell wanted to warn off the other woman they suspected of messing with their man , they set up an anonymous email account and only used it away from home , usually on the Wi-Fi networks of hotels they were staying in . Broadwell and Petraeus also thought they could avoid having their emails intercepted in transit by technically avoiding `` sending '' them at all . Instead , they saved their messages to each other as `` drafts '' in a Gmail account to which they both enjoyed access .
But if they thought they were being smart , they were wrong . Broadwell and Petraeus were undone , says ACLU privacy and technology expert Christopher Soghoian , by their `` lack of knowledge of operational security '' and `` poor tradecraft . '' `` Draft '' messages are stored in Gmail 's server cloud just like all others sent and received messages . And the FBI turned out to be more than capable of correlating the Internet Protocol addresses that identified the origin of Broadwell 's supposedly `` anonymous '' emails with hotel records that showed Broadwell as a guest at the same time the messages were sent .
Advertisement :
If Broadwell had taken greater precautions , they might never have been caught . They could have covered their tracks with any one of myriad commercially available Virtual Private Network programs or , if they were looking for some heavy-duty protection , they could have downloaded the Tor Project 's anonymizing browser . We should all takes notes from them misfortune . For those of us who have been able to look beyond the shirtless-pic-sending FBI agents and Tampa socialite `` honorary consuls '' and overly flirtatious four-star generals , the obvious lesson to take away from this mess is that if we 're going to play hanky-panky with the director of the CIA , we 'd better make sure we 're using the best privacy protection tools available .
But there 's another , more important lesson to be gleaned from this tale of a biographer run amok . Broadwell 's debacle confirms something that some privacy experts have been warning about for years : Government surveillance of ordinary citizens is now cheaper and easier than ever before . Without needing to go before a judge , the government can gather vast amounts of information about us with minimal expenditure of manpower . We used to be able to count on a certain amount of privacy protection simply because invading our privacy was hard work . That is no longer the case . Our always-on , Internet-connected , cellphone-enabled lives are an open door to Big Brother . Just ask Paula Broadwell .
* * * *
The title of Chris Soghoian 's dissertation is `` The Spies We Trust : Third Party Service Providers and Law Enforcement Surveillance . '' The changing economics of surveillance is a topic close to their heart . As recently as a decade ago , they say , surveillance 's `` high transaction costs protected people 's privacy without the need for the law to do it . ''
But then came the Internet , and GPS-enabled cellphones , and social networks . The cost of both crunching and storing data plummeted . We 've seen this story play out in a host of domains -- the Internet is really , really great at removing the `` frictions '' that would otherwise raise the cost of providing goods and services . Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg loves to talk about how their social network facilitates `` frictionless sharing . '' But there 's a dark side to all the consumer benefits we gain from the digital , networked era . Call it `` frictionless surveillance . ''
When the last major law on electronic communications and privacy was passed in 1986 , notes Soghoian , cellphones barely existed and most companies considered it far too expensive to store years of data about their customers , if they even collected it at all . Today , says Soghoian , the phone companies store years of location data , and law enforcement agents can gain access to it through custom-made Web-based interfaces . Companies like Facebook and Google have hundreds of employees whose sole job is to deal with government information requests . Remember those episodes of `` The Wire '' in which key plot points hinged upon whether investigators could get the funding and authorization necessary for expensive surveillance operations ? Today 's intelligence agents `` never have to leave their room , '' says Soghoian .
Advertisement :
Nor do they , in many cases , need to go before a judge . In the case of Paula Broadwell , as Julian Sanchez devastatingly documented for Reuters , the FBI was able to obtain subpoenas for Internet Protocol logs , guest records from hotels , and Wi-Fi activity at those hotels without seeking judicial approval or a warrant .
`` We have unwittingly constructed a legal and technological architecture that brings point-and-click simplicity to the politics of personal destruction , '' writes Sanchez . `` The Petraeus affair has , for a moment , exposed that invisible scaffolding - and provided a rare opportunity to revisit outdated laws and reconsider the expanded surveillance powers doled out over the past panicked decade . ''
`` I think it is problematic and a concern for me that the government can pierce the veil of anonymity that Broadwell and General Petraeus worked so hard to erect , '' says Soghoian , `` and they can determine the identity of these people who have taken affirmative steps to protect their privacy , without having to appear before a judge . The history books are filled with examples of governments abusing surveillance powers -- it 's just too easy not to -- and one of the ways that we protect our society against that is by placing a judge in the middle . ''
Our laws have n't kept up with the changes wrought by technological progress , says Soghoian . They cite the work of law professor Harry Surden , who presciently saw all this coming in a law review article published in 2007 . Surden explained that many of the safeguards that have traditionally protected our privacy never had to be written down in the legal code , because they were n't needed : It was too hard or too expensive to gather all that detailed , granular information about our lives .
Surden warned that technological change would eventually result in the withering away of these `` structural constraints '' protecting our privacy . In the introduction to their law review essay , Surden wrote , `` I emphasize the way in which latent structural constraints -- which are premised upon cost inhibiting actions -- are vulnerable to erosion by particular emerging technologies that lower those inhibiting costs . To the extent that society depends upon the presence of these costs to reliably inhibit a potential privacy-violating activity , their dissipation results in a sudden regulatory shift , leaving these interests unprotected . ''
Advertisement :
In that context , Broadwell 's misadventures are a wake-up call . Our interests are no longer being protected , and most of us have n't even noticed , distracted by the last viral video posted on Facebook . We may not feel impelled to strike up an affair with one of the most powerful men in America , or send harassing emails to potential rivals , but we do have the right to draw the line at what our own government can find out about us without either our permission or that of a judge . If the old constraints are gone , it 's high time for some new ones .
John de Lancie is a familiar face to most Star Trek fans , having played Q , one of the franchise 's most legendary guest characters across three different Star Trek series .
They recently made an appearance at Wizard World Philly 2010 , along with several other Star Trek actors , one of which was their son , Keegan de Lancie . Keegan played the son of Q on Star Trek : Voyager , and took the stage with their father during a Q & A session on Saturday of the convention .
What many fans may not realize is that Keegan made a radical departure from their days of wearing a Starfleet uniform and pestering Voyager 's crew . After attending college at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill , and going to Jordan on a Fulbright Scholarship to study Iraqi refugees , they ended up working for the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) , a United Nations agency .
Geekadelphia had a chance to talk with Keegan for a few minutes on Sunday of the convention . A transcript is below , after the jump !
Yesterday in the Q & A you mentioned working for a section of the [ United Nations ] . How did you make the transition from actor in Star Trek to working in the UN ?
Keegan de Lancie : Very easily . To be honest , that was always my interest . So I did some acting , some singing , what have you , in high school , but my academic interests were always international development , diplomacy , and conflict resolution . I went from high school to college , studied that in college , and then straight to the Middle East to work .
What did you major in in college ?
KdL : I had a double major : Arab cultures , and something called Peace , War , and Defense , which is essentially security studies . It was a good time .
When you do the [ fandom ] conventions with your dad , how do you all decide what conventions to do ? Is it usually just strictly about schedule , are there certain ones you like going back to every year… ?
KdL : It 's strictly schedule . I mean , I have n't done a convention in years , because again , I do n't do this .
Yeah , I imagine coming back over , doing cross-continental trips would get tiring .
KdL : Exactly . So I do n't do it for this . I had an interview with the state department in Washington , so I was there last week . And then I was in the country and decided I 'd come up and see , my parents were coming to the East Coast , so I figured I 'd visit them . So really it 's sort of serendipitous that this happened at the same time and that I was in the country for it . So we came to do it together because we 're already together .
So was your dad relieved that you decided to go a different route , other than show business ?
KdL : I think so , yes . Very much .
Thanks again to Keegan de Lancie for giving Geekadelphia a few minutes of their time during Wizard World Philly 2010 !
The final nominees have been announced for this year 's Chortle Awards .
Up for best tour are : Bridget Christie : A Bic For Her/An Ungrateful Woman double bill , Dawn French : 30 Million Minutes , Mark Thomas : Cuckooed and Katherine Ryan : Glam Role Model .
Voting in all the categories opens at 9am tomorrow , and details of next month 's ceremony will be announced soon .
Previously announced are :
Best newcomer
Alex Edelman , Dane Baptiste , Gein 's Family Gift Shop , Phil Jerrod and Steen Raskopoulos
Music and Variety award
Jess Robinson and Kirsty Newton for Jess Robinson : Mighty Voice , Margaret Thatcher : Queen Of Soho , Nick Helm , and Nick Mohammed for Dracula ! ( Mr Swallow : The Musical ) .
Best DVD
Harry Hill for Sausage Time ; Monty Python Live ( Mostly ) : One Down Five To Go ; Stewart Lee 's Comedy Vehicle Series 3 and The Trip to Italy .
Best compare
Ed Gamble , John Robins , Mark Olver , Nish Kumar and Zoe Lyons
Book Award
Ayoade on Ayoade , Hopeful by Omid Djalili , My Prefect Cousin : A Biography of Paul Hamilton by Kevin Eldon and Francesca Martinez : What The * * * * Is Normal .
Breakthrough act
James Acaster , Luisa Omielan , Nish Kumar and Phil Ellis
Club comic
Carl Donnelly , Jeff Innocent , Katherine Ryan and Martin Mor
Character , improv or sketch act
Funz And Gamez , Gein 's Family Gift Shop , Marcel Lucont and Steen Raskopoulos .
Internet Award
Comedian 's Comedian with Stuart Goldsmith , QI 's No Such Thing As A Fish , Richard Herring 's Leicester Square Theatre Podcast , and The Political Party with Matt Forde
Radio Award
Bridget Christie Minds The Gap ; Elis James & John Robins on XFM ; Susan Calman is Convicted amd Tom Wrigglesworth : Utterly At Odds With The Universe
Award For Innovation
Alex Horne for Monsieur Butterfly , Funz And Gamez , and Kim Noble for You 're Not Alone .
Best show
Funz And Gamez , James Acaster : Recognise , Kim Noble : You Are Not Alone , Luisa Omeilan : Am I Right Ladies ? and Simon Amstell : To Be Free
TV Award , sponsored by Sue Terry Voices
Harry & Paul 's Story Of The Twos , Inside No 9 , Toast Of London and Uncle
We have also announced changes to the venue awards . Each region will now have three categories :
• Best comedy venue , for a purpose-built comedy club , arts centre or theatre , or a function room that regularly hosts comedy with a capacity of 250 or more .
• Best clubroom , for rooms above/behind pubs or similar .
• Favourite club night . This is for a specifically marketed night ; it could be comedy nights based around a theme , a particular new act night or format , or if several promoters use the same venue , you can vote for one of the particular nights in that space .
All these regional winners will be announced about a week before the ceremony ; at which UK-wide winners in each section will be announced .
Published : 17 Feb 2015
The Detroit Red Wings may be adding a Hall of Fame defenseman to their coaching staff .
Chris Chelios has emerged as an assistant coach candidate under head coach Jeff Blashill , who took over the duties of Red Wings ' bench boss Tuesday .
Chelios was first tied to the position by Aaron Ward of TSN , while Ansar Khan of MLive later clarified the process of adding assistants to Blashill 's staff :
Blashill will meet with Chelios this week to discuss a role on their staff , but it 's not clear if it 's for a full-time coaching position . Blashill and general manager Ken Holland said assistant coaches should be in place by next week .
The 53-year-old Chelios has worked as an advisor on Detroit 's hockey operations staff since retiring in 2010 , and also spent time with Blashill in Grand Rapids , occasionally taking to the ice to help coach Red Wings ' minor-league defensemen .
Chelios played 578 regular season games with the Red Wings during their extensive playing career , winning two Stanley Cups with the organization .
NEW YORK : Starting with 1,400 job cuts , software giant Microsoft will slash 5,000 jobs over the next 18 months . `` Microsoft will eliminate up to 5,000 jobs in R & D , HR , marketing , sales , finance , legal , and IT over the next 18 months , including 1,400 jobs today , '' the company said in a statement.The layoff , however , would not be impacting the Indian operations . `` It 's not going to impact us . No job cuts in India , '' a Microsoft India spokesperson said in New Delhi.In light of further deterioration of global economic conditions , extra measures to manage costs are being taken , including the reduction of head-count-related expenses , vendors and contingent staff , facilities , capital expenditures and marketing , the company , which posted a 11 per cent decline in profit for the second quarter , added in the statement.Microsoft 's net profit declined 11 per cent to $ 4.17bn for the quarter ended December 31 , 2008 . It had a net profit of $ 4.71bn in the year-ago period.The company has posted revenues to the tune of $ 16.63bn for the second quarter . The entity 's revenues stood at $ 16.37bn in the corresponding period a year ago .
Experimental measurements of surface structure evolution
To evaluate an evolving asperity structure , discs of 25 mm diameter and 3 mm thickness were prepared from aluminium Al-2011 and homogenous isotropic surface roughness was imparted through the high-velocity spraying of 250–300 μm size glass beads . Asperity deformation was achieved by compressing pairs of roughened surfaces against each other using a hydraulic uniaxial press at constant loads for a duration of 10 min with applied stresses of 20·37 , 40·74 , 61·11 , 101·86 , 152·78 and 203·72 MPa . Although a nano-scale brittle oxide layer is likely to be present on the material surface and exhibit breakage , asperity deformation is assumed to be predominantly plastic . Applied stresses were found to be sufficient to impart surface-structure flattening without the onset of bulk deformation . In a separate series of samples , compression at 152·78 MPa was applied in multiple events , with samples rotated with respect to one another between events . This was designed to give rise to new asperity contact distributions .
Surface structures were evaluated using a stylus profilometer ( Tencor P-11 ) with a 2 μm radius stylus point . Scans were carried out over 2000 μm lengths at 50 μm/s with data acquisition at 200 Hz , giving a maximal lateral resolution of 0·25 μm . Scans were repeated five times per specimen . These parameters were found to be suitable for obtaining representative surface profiles . Fractal dimensions of one-dimensional profiles were evaluated using methods similar to those used elsewhere , utilising the log–log change of apparent profile length relative to the resolution of measured points ( Hasegawa et al. , 1996 ; Sun & Xu , 2005 ) . As fractal dimensions were recorded from linear scans , they lie in the range 1–2 . The resolution of measured points was decreased by selecting data points with increasing separation , from a point spacing of 0·25 μm ( full resolution ) to 250 μm .
Subsequent to surface deformation , static frictional interactions between roughened aluminium surfaces and a rigid flat surface were measured using a single crystal α-quartz [ 0001 ] substrate , which is considered as an atomically flat rigid counter surface . Frictional measurements were based on gravity-driven slipping of aluminium discs on the substrate . This was carried out without the application of an additional normal load beyond the normal component of the weight of the specimen ( 4·3±0·3 g ) . In this experimental setup , normal loads are sufficiently low to avoid abrasion of surfaces and adhesion-based friction dominates as asperity–asperity interactions are essentially absent even at nanometre scales . To minimise humidity effects , physically adsorbed water was removed by drying the samples and quartz substrates at 110°C prior to frictional experimentation . Friction angles were increased using a screw-driven tilting hinged stage to determine the maximal achievable angle of adhesion of the aluminium discs to the quartz substrates . Using this approach was found to give more consistent results than using minimum angles of slip , as contact ageing effects are thus minimised . Friction measurements were repeated five times and exhibited a variance range of around ±20 % .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - North Korea 's biggest nuclear test to date was condemned around the world on Sunday , with several leaders calling for new sanctions and U.S. President Donald Trump saying “ appeasement ” would not work .
A man walks past a street monitor showing Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ( L ) and U.S. President Donald Trump in a news report about their telephone conference on North Korea 's threat , in Tokyo , Japan , September 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
The explosion of what North Korea said was an advanced hydrogen bomb came just days after it fired a missile over Japan .
Trump , who said after last week 's missile launch that talking to Pyongyang “ is not the answer ” , tweeted that Sunday 's test showed North Korea 's “ words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States ” .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said they would put together new sanctions to potentially cut off all North Korea 's global trade .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron said they planned to tighten European Union sanctions .
“ This latest provocation by the ruler in Pyongyang has reached a new dimension , ” the German government said in a statement after Merkel and Macron discussed the issue by phone .
Britain 's foreign minister Boris Johnson said : “ They ( North Korea ) seem to be moving closer towards a hydrogen bomb which , if fitted to a successful missile , would unquestionably present a new order of threat , ” adding that there were no palatable military solutions .
British Prime Minister Theresa May said the U.N. Security Council should urgently look at new measures .
Russia struck a cautious tone .
“ In the emerging conditions it is absolutely essential to keep cool , refrain from any actions that could lead to a further escalation of tensions , ” Russia 's foreign ministry said , adding that North Korea risked “ serious consequences ” .
Later on Sunday , Russian President Vladimir Putin met their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in China where they agreed to “ appropriately deal with ” the crisis , Chinese state news agency Xinhua said .
“ The two leaders agreed to stick to the goal of denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and keep close communication and coordination to deal with the new situation , ” Xinhua said .
Earlier , China urged North Korea to stop “ wrong ” actions and said it would fully enforce U.N. resolutions on the country .
As North Korea 's most important trading partner , the position of China - a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council - will be closely watched . A Japanese government source said there would be pressure on Beijing to impose an oil embargo .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
“ They will probably act eventually but ... it is possible that will not be before their October ( party ) convention , ” the source said . “ Russia does not have real influence on North Korea . It 's China that matters . ”
Trump said North Korea had become “ a great threat and embarrassment to China ” and that Beijing had tried but failed to solve the problem . What they called South Korea 's “ talk of appeasement ” would not work as “ they ( the North Koreans ) only understand one thing ! ”
The International Atomic Energy Agency , which has no access to North Korea , called the nuclear test , Pyongyang 's sixth since 2006 , “ an extremely regrettable act ” that was “ in complete disregard of the repeated demands of the international community ” .
A search for the phrase 'completely wrong ' now turns up pictures of the nominee . Romney has a Google problem
Now Mitt Romney knows how Rick Santorum feels .
A Google images search for the phrase “ completely wrong , ” which Romney used in a recent interview with Sean Hannity , now leads to page after page of pictures of the GOP presidential nominee . A Google spokesperson told CNN the photos are the unintentional result of normal Google search rules .
Story Continued Below
After video leaked of Romney disparaging “ 47 percent ” of Americans as dependent on government and destined to vote for Barack Obama , they first said their comments were “ not elegantly stated. ” A week later , after a strong debate performance , they told Hannity their comments were “ completely wrong . ”
Santorum has been bedeviled for years by their own Google search problem . A group of gay-rights activists created and promoted a page defining Santorum in a sexual manner and it remains one of the top search results for the former Pennsylvania senator .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Paul Ryan speaks in Fayetteville , North Carolina , August 23 , 2012 . ( AP Photo/Sara D. Davis ) Ad Policy
Reasonable people might ask : What is Paul Ryan thinking ?
The new budget “ plan ” from the guy Republicans think of as their “ numbers guy ” is little more than an assemblage of bumper-sticker slogans . And they are n't even popular slogans : They 're rehashes of the proposals American voters—including Ryan 's own constituents—rejected in 2012 .
So what is Paul Ryan up to ?
Well , if you do n't know by now , you have n't been paying attention .
What Paul Ryan is up to is not balancing budgets or reforming “ entitlement ” programs . They know that “ the plan ” they unveiled on Wednesday—with its $ 5.7 trillion in spending cuts and fantastical assertion that austerity will balance the budget in a decade—will not be the plan going forward for the United States . A man of Washington with more than a quarter-century of insider experience , they well understands that it may not even be part of the plan .
That is not the point .
The point , as Ryan watchers will recognize , is to make conservatives believe that Paul Ryan is the one prominent Republican who can see straight when it comes to budget matters .
So it is that the House Budget Committee chairperson is launching their budget proposal on the Wednesday before the start of the Conservative Political Action Conference , which will bring thousands of the Republican Party 's most determined right-wing advocates to Washington . And who will be kicking things off on Friday morning ? In the prime spot to set up coverage of conference ? That would be Paul Ryan .
Yes , of course , they will have some limelight competition . Sarah Palin is back after going missing for most of 2012 . Marco Rubio will drop by for a glass of water . And Rand Paul will deliver a shortened version of their recent filibuster . They 're all pictured on the front of the CPAC promotional materials . But there in the montage , just a little bit more prominent than the other three “ stars , ” is Paul Ryan .
Ryan 's running mate on the 2012 Republican ticket , Mitt Romney , does not get the “ star ” treatment .
Yes , it may be true that Ryan is the rare major-party vice presidential candidate whose image was damaged by taking a place on a national ticket . Yes , it may be true that , once Americans got to know Paul Ryan , the Republican ticket on which they were running began to lose steam . Yes , it may be true that the Romney-Ryan ticket lost Ryan 's home precinct , their hometown , their home county and their home state .
But at CPAC , Ryan can still be a winner .
The key word is “ can. ” He 'll need to do some damage control . They are not quite the wunderkind they were a year ago .
So Ryan will go “ home ” again to repurpose themselves as the conservative with all the answers—at least for conservatives .
That 's important to Paul Ryan .
They are a true believer—or , at the very least , a true believer in the importance of getting the true believers on your side . A product of conservative congressional offices and conservative think tanks , Ryan has been attending Conservative Political Action Conferences for more than two decades . And they are , first and foremost , interested in preaching to the base that has always sustained him . So the member of congress will show up at CPAC with a budget “ plan ” that tells conservatives they are still right .
The old dreams live .
Repeal Obamacare ? You bet !
Bend , fold and mutilate Medicare into a voucher scheme ? Well , of course .
Cut taxes for the rich ? Oh yeah !
But above all , Ryan will , once more and with gusto this time , tell conservatives that they can keep embracing their favorite fantasy : that it is possible to impose austerity , making massive cuts in spending on needed programs , without causing chaos or harm ; that the United States can provide billionaires with more tax benefits than they already enjoy , maintain a social safety net , run up military spending to record levels and , somehow , avoid the sort of deficits that Ronald Reagan ran up .
The great mass of American voters has seen through the fiscal fantasy . They just rejected Ryanism—by almost 5 million votes in the 2012 presidential race .
The voters knew what Ryan was offering—and what they are offering once more—and they voted “ no . ”
But the CPAC crowd still says “ yes . ”
And that 's enough for Paul Ryan this week .
They may still want to be president—although they might have to get in line behind an even more ambitious Wisconsinite , Governor Scott Walker , for that fight .
At a minimum , Ryan would like to be considered for speaker of the House .
But , above all , Paul Ryan wants to be the king of the conservatives . Because only if they are the king of the conservatives can Paul Ryan imagine becoming anything more .
If that means Ryan has to propose a budget “ plan ” that will only make sense to the crowd at CPAC , so be it .
As Republican leaders push for deeper retrenchment , people around the world are hitting the streets to resist austerity . Read Allison Kilkenny 's report .
Human remains have been found near the site where body parts from a slain Renton nurse were discovered last Saturday in Seattle 's Central District , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation .
Human remains have been found near the site where body parts from a slain Renton nurse were discovered last week in Seattle 's Central District , according to Seattle police .
It was n't immediately known whether the remains found Friday morning were those of Ingrid Lyne , a 40-year-old registered nurse who was killed last week . Earlier , parts of their body had been found in a recycle bin a few blocks away .
However , police said the remains are likely connected to Lyne 's homicide . The King County Medical Examiner 's Office will make the determination .
A trash collector found the remains around 9:45 a.m. Friday while collecting waste along 20th Avenue , according to Assistant Chief Robert Merner . The block of 20th , between East Union and East Marion streets , was cordoned off with crime-scene tape while police investigated .
Police set up a tent directly behind one garbage truck .
Officers with rubber gloves sifted through recycling and trash bins lining the curb . Police also went door to door asking residents if they have surveillance cameras that may have captured footage of the street .
Merner said police plan to search garbage trucks that service the area for additional remains . They said the search would be conducted at a “ secure location . ”
Lyne 's partial remains were found in an emptied recycle bin on April 9 near 21st Avenue and East Pine Street . The King County Medical Examiner 's Office on Wednesday confirmed they were those of Lyne , who died as the result of homicidal violence .
The remains included a head , arm , leg and foot .
Merner said police searched the area in the following days but did not find additional remains .
John Robert Charlton , 37 , has been charged with first-degree murder in connection with Lyne 's death .
Charlton told police they and Lyne had met online and had been dating about a month , according to court documents . Charlton said they went to the Mariners game on April 8 and then to a bar where they got drunk , then back to Lyne 's home in the Renton Highlands .
They told police they do n't recall what happened after that .
Charlton said they awoke last Saturday on a sidewalk in downtown Seattle , which is where detectives later found Lyne 's 2015 Toyota Highlander .
Evidence found by police indicate that Lyne was likely killed and dismembered in the bathtub of their Renton home . Detectives found a saw in the bathroom and blood and flesh in the drains during a search Monday night , the court documents say .
Charlton was convicted of felony theft in Montana in 2009 ; felony attempted aggravated robbery in Utah in 2006 , and negligent driving in Washington state in 1998 . They had a misdemeanor assault conviction in King County in 1997 and a 2009 misdemeanor battery case in Idaho , according to records .
In 2006 , Charlton 's father and mother filed a petition for a protection order against their son in Thurston County after they appeared at their home angry , apparently intoxicated and “ tried continuously to provoke a fight . ”
Their father wrote in court documents that Charlton “ removed a movie from the shelf called ‘ Hannibal , ' set it in front of my wife , and told them they should watch this and ‘ beware . ' ” The 2001 movie , starring Sir Anthony Hopkins as a cannibalistic serial killer , is a sequel to the film “ Silence of the Lambs . ”
The petition was eventually dropped , however .
Lyne was the mother of three young daughters , ages 12 , 10 and 7 , and a nurse at Swedish Medical Center . A gofundme.com page has been created for their daughters .
Terrence Jackson was trying to reach their uncle 's home Friday morning when they were blocked by the crime-scene tape . They said after body parts were found two blocks away last week they checked their garbage and recycling bins , but found nothing .
They said the discovery of more remains was upsetting .
“ This is sad . This lady was a mom . They deserve to rest in peace , ” they said .
Misty Speck , who has lived on 20th Avenue for 21 years , wonders why police did n't ask residents in the area to search the garbage and recycling bins last Saturday .
“ They obviously ca n't search them all . They might have found this earlier , ” Speck said .
HIGHLAND HEIGHTS , Ky. ( AP ) At the outset , the Bearcats did n't miss a thing , hitting their first 13 shots and all four free throws . When they needed one more basket at the end to set a school record , they came up empty – the only disappointment in another dominating performance .
Jarron Cumberland led Cincinnati 's opening blitz of perfect shooting , and the 12th-ranked Bearcats pulled away to a 97-54 victory over Coppin State on Thursday night . The game ended with a reserve guard dribbling out the clock and the crowd murmuring .
The Bearcats ( 3-0 ) piled up 107 and 102 points while beating Savannah State and Western Carolina . They were trying to reach triple digits in three straight games for the first time in school history .
” We were talking about it before the game , ” point guard Justin Jenifer said .
They knew it . They wanted it . They could n't get it . Cincinnati failed to make a field goal in the last 4 minutes , missing five free throws during that span . Reserve guard John Koz dribbled out the clock – on coach Mick Cronin 's orders – instead of taking a 3-point shot at the end .
” When you 're up 43 , you do n't try to rub it in , ” Cronin said . ” At least I do n't . I 've been on the other end of that stick . That stuff does n't concern me . I could care less if we get 100 . ”
The Bearcats made quick work of the Eagles ( 0-3 ) , who have yet to score more than 54 points in a game . Cincinnati made its first 13 shots – five from beyond the arc – while racing ahead 35-13 . Cumberland had 12 of their 17 points in the Bearcats ' perfect opening spurt .
” We just wanted to reinforce the message that we 're ready to go and not taking any of these games for granted , ” forward Kyle Washington said . ” It could be Coppin State , it could be the Los Angeles Lakers . ”
Karonn Davis scored 10 points for Coppin State , which is playing three road games in four days .
” They shot the ball extremely well tonight , ” Coppin State coach Juan Dixon said . ” And they are just dogs . They defend . They get up in your face and play physical . ”
Cincinnati won its 29th straight home game , a streak that spans two home courts . The Bearcats are playing this season at BB & T Arena at Northern Kentucky University while their on-campus arena is renovated . They went 18-0 at Fifth Third Arena last season .
BIG PICTURE
Coppin State : The Eagles return only two starters and struggle to score . They missed their first six shots while falling behind 18-2 .
Cincinnati : The Bearcats have put up their huge point totals while using their full bench . Only one player has been on the court for more than 25 minutes in a game – Jacob Evans III played 29 minutes in the season opener .
TRIPLE-DIGIT HISTORY
The Bearcats had scored 100 points in back-to-back games only six times before this season . They last time was during the 2011-12 season .
UNBLEMISHED
Cincinnati is 21-0 all-time against current teams from the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference . Coppin State is 0-11 all-time against teams from the American Athletic Conference .
EVANS HURTING
Evans , one of three returning starters , played only 5 minutes in the second half because of a sore hip . They finished with 11 points in 17 minutes .
COOL DOWN
The Bearcats hit a lull after opening the game 13 for 13 . They went 19 of 50 ( 38 percent ) the rest of the game .
ATTENDANCE
The Bearcats have drawn 6,610 , 7,051 and 7,158 fans for their first three games at BB & T Arena , a half-hour drive from their campus . The school has shuttles for students to make the trip across the Ohio River .
UP NEXT
Coppin State makes the 4-hour drive to northern Ohio to play Cleveland State on Saturday night . They also play at Rutgers on Sunday at 12:30 p.m .
Cincinnati travels to the Cayman Islands Classic , playing Buffalo on Monday . If they win , the Bearcats will play the winner of the UAB-Richmond game .
—
More college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP-Top25
Recent reports say the detention center at Guantanamo Bay will remain open for several more months , maybe into 2011 . Despite the delay , President Barack Obama likely intends to close the prison . Their administration is hyper aware of its own perception and does not want to maintain a facility that so vividly represents Washington 's abuse of justice .
I identify ‘ image ' as Obama 's primary motive because the closure of Guantanamo is essentially a cosmetic change that leaves underlying policies in tact . The issue is n't whether Guantanamo is open or closed ; it 's whether prisoners are treated fairly or unfairly .
Obama has been clear . In February , they defended Washington 's right to deny the 600 prisoners at Bagram Air Base the means to challenge their imprisonment ( known as a writ of habeas corpus ) – the same position as the Bush II administration . Their argument is that Bagram is outside the jurisdiction of domestic courts and therefore detainees should be handled through military tribunals .
In April , a district court judge ruled ( PDF ) that three Bagram detainees captured outside of Afghanistan had the legal right to challenge their detention . They disagreed with Obama 's argument , saying that “ a detention authority that sweeps so broadly is simply beyond what the law of war will support , ” and citing the concern that “ the Executive could move detainees physically beyond the reach of the Constitution and detain them indefinitely . ”
Obama reacted by appealing .
The decision signaled that the administration was not backing down in its effort to maintain the power to imprison terrorism suspects for extended periods without judicial oversight . ( NY Times )
Incidentally , this directly contradicts Obama 's statement during the campaign , in which they rejected “ the false choice between fighting terrorism and respecting habeas corpus . ”
Obama spoke about this “ false choice ” in response to the landmark Boumediene v. Bush Supreme Court case , which determined that detainees at Guantanamo Bay have the constitutional right to challenge their imprisonment in U.S. courts and that military tribunals were insufficient to guarantee due process . Obama hailed the decision , saying that it was a “ rejection of the Bush administration 's attempt to create a legal black hole at Guantanamo . ”
But if prisoners are held at Bagram without access to courts , if their mistreatment is routine – sometimes to the point of death , then how could we consider the detention center anything but a black hole ? While Washington has disavowed Guantanamo , it has “ more than $ 200 million in projects in the works ” at Bagram , including plans to add space for a ballooning prison population .
So Obama probably will close Guantanamo , but it makes little difference if they still reserve the power to send prisoners to Bagram , where they will be subjected to the same fiasco of justice .
_____
Flickr photo by takomabibelot
Arsene Wenger says he 's still hoping to persuade Lukasz Fabianski to stay at Arsenal but accepts they ca n't dictate the fate of both the Pole and Bacary Sagna .
Both players are out of contract at the Emirates this summer and given their form are not short of suitors . While the boss seems resigned to losing full-back Sagna , who moved to London back in 2007 , they still appear to think there 's an outside chance their keeper could stick around .
“ We have only two players who are out of contract – Fabianski and Sagna , ” Wenger told press at Friday 's press conference . “ All the rest need our agreement and they have n't got it yet .
“ I want to keep [ Fabianski ] . He 's 29 and has a decision to make . Do they want to stay here or move and have a guarantee to be No 1 ? They know I want to keep him .
“ I hope , because we have shown faith in them for long periods , that we will be rewarded for that . ”
The boss also touched on the impending transfer window suggesting the World Cup could well influence when business is undertaken .
“ At the moment I have people around me who start to look [ at players ] . What is available you know always , but we are not on the market specifically at all because teams still play in many countries .
“ After that , from my experience , the World Cup years have always been very quiet until the end of the World Cup , with no players reachable . Everybody is focused in the country on their national team and there 's not a lot happening . People are away .
“ I believe this year again you will have to wait until July 15 to start going . It will be busy but the main thing for us will be to keep the stability because we feel we are close . We want to add something that makes us even stronger . But number wise it will not be massive . ”
Arseblog News suggest that in light of the above comments you take a read of the latest blog by the wise man from East Lower . He 's got the right idea .
Former federal leader calls for constitutional change to the state 's branch in the wake of senator Lee Rhiannon 's expulsion from the party room
Former Greens leader Christine Milne has accused New South Wales senator Lee Rhiannon and their state branch of exercising veto powers over the national party room , and picking and choosing issues to undermine .
As the Greens NSW state delegates council meets this weekend to consider the party room 's action against Rhiannon , the second former Australian Greens national leader has called for constitutional change to NSW so it falls into line with other state organisations .
The debate is n't about grassroots democracy : it 's about Greens party unity | Christine Milne Read more
Milne 's comments follow those of the first Australian Greens leader , Bob Brown , who endorsed action against Rhiannon after they took a position at odds with their party room while they were still negotiating on the school funding bill . Brown has been a long-time critic of the NSW senator .
The stoush began when Rhiannon 's nine colleagues signed a formal complaint against them and then called for a change to the NSW organisation 's rules . A second resolution , signed by all but Melbourne MP Adam Bandt , expelled Rhiannon from the party room on contentious issues until that rule change occurred .
Milne , who has rarely entered the political debate since they retired , has said the division highlights the unequal position held by NSW over other state divisions .
“ NSW benefits from the work of the whole party room but picks and chooses what it supports or undermines , ” Milne writes in an opinion piece for Guardian Australia . “ In a caucus that might be acceptable but in a shadow cabinet it is untenable .
“ How is it democratic or effective for all our other MPs and senators to negotiate with the government of the day and try to come to a consensus decision after consultation with the members around the whole country – and then find that a parliamentary liaison committee in NSW has determined before that negotiation is over that it will oppose that decision and campaign against it ? ”
Greens senators defend Richard Di Natale leadership and say Lee Rhiannon out of line Read more
Milne rejected suggestions that Greens NSW 's party structure was more democratic or grassroots than other state structures .
“ The democracy issue that is being debated is whether all state parties that make up the Australian Greens are able to make decisions on an equal basis through their elected members when those senators and MPs sit around a table in Canberra , ” Milne writes . “ Currently they ca n't and do n't . ”
The NSW state delegates council will hear a range of motions , many of them relating to Rhiannon and the state organisation 's relationship to the federal party . There are motions relating to NSW funding for the national organisation , as well as a call for an investigation into leaks of the original formal complaint from Rhiannon 's colleagues to Fairfax . There are also motions calling for the reinstatement of Rhiannon to national party room meetings .
Greens ' suspension of Lee Rhiannon is more than a clash of party and principle Read more
It is understood that while there is no appetite for changes to the NSW rules , there will be moves to make the processes that bind a NSW MP more transparent . It is not clear whether this will be enough to reinstate Rhiannon to the party room .
But Milne urged the NSW party to act . They said it was clear from the party 's formation that no MPs could keep their state organisations abreast of all parliamentary negotiations and developments in real time . As a result , other states agreed to give MPs a conscience vote that allowed them to vote according to their beliefs on new policy .
Milne said Greens NSW refused to join the national organisation without an exemption from the conscience vote .
“ Therein lies the problem that has dogged the party since 1992 , ” Milne writes . “ While the Greens retain our core commitment to consensus-based decision making , the NSW party has effectively secured veto power over the whole of the membership of the Australian Greens . ”
Milne said while it was no surprise that NSW wanted to maintain its power , party members across the country deserved equal rights .
“ The undemocratic exemption to the Australian Greens constitution given to NSW in 1992 is what is being challenged in 2017 , ” they write .
“ It is no surprise that NSW wants to keep that power at any cost but party democracy , equality and unity can no longer afford it . It must be addressed , and the constitution must be democratic and afford equal rights to all its members . ”
BROWSE : All Themes 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea 2001 : A Space Odyssey 300 , Frank Miller Action Heroes Alan Silvestri Alex North Alfred Hitchcock Alfred Newman Alien Alien vs . Predator Animation , Cartoon , Comic Anime Manga Apollo , NASA , Science Arnold Schwarzenegger Attack Of The 50 Foot Drive-Ins Aurora Plastics , Vintage Model Avatar Avengers , Marvel , Hulk Babylon 5 Back to the Future Barry Gray Bases For Models Basil Poledouris Batman Battlestar Galactica Baywatch Beatles Beatniks , Beach , Cult & Hippies Bela Lugosi Bernard Herrmann Bettie Page Bioshock Blade Runner Blade , Wesley Snipes Boris Karloff Bruce Broughton Bruce Lee , Kung Fu , Martial Arts Buck Rogers Buckaroo Banzai Buffy the Vampire Slayer Captain Action Captain America Captain Scarlet Catwoman Christmas Holiday Christopher Lee Chronicles Of Narnia Chucky Clint Eastwood Conan Creature from the Black Lagoon Creepshow Creepy , Eerie Crow Danny Elfman Dark Crystal Dark Shadows David Lynch David Shire Dawn of the Dead , George Romero Day the Earth Stood Still DC Comics Dinosaurs , Prehistoric Beasts Disney Doc Savage Doctor Who Dr Seuss Dracula Dragons , Gargoyles , Wizards Dragonslayer DVD Archives Ed Roth , George Barris Edward Scissorhands Egyptian Elmer Bernstein Elsa Lanchester Elvira Ennio Morricone Evil Dead , Army Of Darkness Expendables Exterrestrial , Roswell , UFOs Famous Monsters Fantastic Voyage Farscape Fine Molds Fireball XL-5 Flash Gordon , Buck Rogers Flintstones Forbidden Planet Frankenstein Franz Waxman Frazetta , Frank Miller , Bisley Freddy Krueger , Nightmare On Elm Friday the 13th , Jason Voorhees Fright Night G.I . Joe G.I . Joe Galaxy Quest Game Of Thrones Gamera Gangsters , Criminals & Bad Guys Gargoyles George Pal Georges Delerue Gerry Anderson Ghostbusters Ghosts , Witches , Supernatural Giant Insects , Animals , Nature Giant Robot , Johnny Sokko Gigantor Giger Gladiators , Romans & Historical Glamour , Pinup & Calender Girls Glenn Strange Godzilla Goonies Graeme Revell Green Hornet Gremlins Grimm Guardians of the Galaxy Halloween , Michael Myers Halo Hammer Films Hanna Barbera Hans Zimmer Harry Potter Heavy Metal Hellboy Hellraiser Henry Mancini Hercules , Sword & Sandal Highlander Historical Figures Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy Hobbit , The Hobby Supplies Glue Hobby Supplies Paint Hot Wheels Howard Shore HP Lovecraft Hulk Indiana Jones Iron Maiden , Eddie Iron Man Irwin Allen Italian Horror , Bava , Argento , James Bond James Horner James Newton Howard JAPANESE ANIMATION/MANGA Jason Voorhees Jaws Jerry Goldsmith Jim Henson John Barry John Carpenter John Debney John Scott John Wayne John Williams Johnny Sokko Joseph LoDuca Judge Dredd Jules Verne , Nautilus , Nemo King Features King Kong Kiss Knight Rider Lalo Schifrin Land of the Giants Logans Run Lon Chaney Looneytoons Lord of the Rings Lost In Space Macross , Gundam , Robotech Mad Doctors , Scientists & Wackos Mad Max , Road Warrior Mad Monster Party Marco Beltrami Mars Attacks Marvel Comics Maschinen Krieger Masks Mass Effect Masters Of The Universe Matrix Max Steiner Medicom Men In Black Metal Gear Mexican Movies , Santo Michael Kamen Miklos Rozsa Military Movie and TV Props Movie Prop Replicas Movie Props Original Mummy Munsters , Addams Family , TV Land Muppets , Jim Henson My Favorite Martian Myth , Legend , Folklore Nightmare Before Christmas Orville TV Series Outer Limits Pacific Rim Peanuts Peter Cushing Phantom Of The Opera Pirates Planet of the Apes Playboy Portal Predator Prometheus Pumpkinhead Puppet Master , Full Moon Pyschos , Sickos & Maniacs Rankin Bass Ray Harryhausen Resident Evil Retro Rods , Hot Rods , Funny Cars Robocop Robotech Robots Rock n Roll , Music Collectibles Rocketeer Rocky , Rambo , Stallone Rodan Roger Corman Scarface Scifi Scooby Doo Serenity , Firefly Shrek Silent Film Era Silver Surfer Simpsons Six Million Dollar Man Skeletons , Skulls & Bonedaddys Slashers , Boogeymen , Psychos Sorayama , Hajime Soundtrack Archives Space 1999 Speed Racer Spider-Man Spys , Agents , Groovy Guys Star Trek , Gene Rodenberry Star Wars Stargate Starship Troopers Steampunk Stephen King Stingray Stop Motion , Claymation Stranger Things Stu Phillips Supercar Superman T Shirts Tarzan , Jungle Thrills & Apes Terminator , James Cameron Texas Chainsaw , Leatherface The Hobbit The Thing Thor Three Stooges Thunderbirds Toho , Asian Cinema Tomb Raider Transformers Trevor Jones Tron Twilight Zone , Rod Serling U.F.O . Gerry Anderson Ultraman Underworld Universal Monsters , Famous Vampirella Vampires , Demons & Freaks Van Helsing Vic Mizzy Videogames Collectibles Vincent Price Voyage to the Botton of the Sea Wacky Racers Walking DEad War of the World 's Weird Ohs , Slliy Surfers Werewolfs , Wolf Men Western Willy Wonka Wizard Of Oz Wolf Man Wonder Woman World Of Warcraft X Files Xmen Zombies , Ghouls , & Spooks All Manufacturers Alchemy Alpha Control Press AMT Anovos Aoshima Artfigures Auto Art Auto World Bandai Bif Bang Pow Blitzway Bluesky Models Bowen Designs Classic Monsters Cool Rockets Darkhorse DC Direct Diamond Diamond Select Distinctive Dummies Don Post Studios Dragon Eaglemoss EFX Electric Tiki Executive Replicas Factory Entertainment Film Cels Film Score Monthly Flux Dimensions Funko Gentle Giant Hasbro Hasegawa Hawk Models Hollywood Collectibles Hot Toys Wheels Iconheroes Intrada Jakks Pacific Kaiyodo Kotobukiya La-La Land Mattel Medicom Mezco MGM Archives Moebius Morbid Enterprises MPC NECA Pacific Trading Company Paragrafix Play Arts Playmates Polar Lights Python QMX Quarantine Studio Revell Rock Rebel Ron Gross Round 2 Rubies Sci-Fi & Fantasy Modeller Mag . Sideshow Toys Sixteen 12 Super 7 Syco test Testors Think Geek Three A Toys Titan Titan Toycity Toynami Trick or Treat Studios Triforce Underground Toys Varese Saraband Warner Archives Wave X-Plus Yamato
A friend of Omar Mateen , who killed 49 people and injured another 53 at a gay night club in Orlando last week , said the terrorist was a fan of Hillary Clinton .
In a column for The Washington Post , Mohammed A. Malik wrote about how they reported Mateen to the FBI in 2014 . After a boy from their local mosque became the first American-born suicide bomber in Syria , Mateen revealed to their friend that they had been watching video recordings of an imam who had radicalized other American-born terrorists .
Malik reported the information to the FBI , which subsequently investigated Mateen . Shortly thereafter , the FBI ceased their probe , claiming they found no evidence to warrant further suspicion . After that , Malik and Mateen continued to stay in touch . During the last meal they shared together in January , Mateen revealed that they liked Clinton .
Malik wrote :
Omar and I continued to have infrequent conversations over the next few years . I last saw them at a dinner at their father 's house in January . We talked about the presidential election and debated our views of the candidates that were running – they liked Hillary Clinton and I liked Bernie Sanders . This banter continued through texts and phone calls for several months . My last conversation with Omar was by phone in mid-May . They called me while they were at the beach with their son to tell me about a vacation he 'd taken with their father to Orlando the previous weekend . He 'd been impressed by the local mosque .
Now everyone who dings Donald Trump for their neo-Nazi supporters can stop pretending Hillary one-ups them in this respect .
Vive le Roi ! Royalists and Catholics March Across Paris as ‘ Globalist Bankster ' Macron Takes Office .
In a city more accustomed to leftist marches , the sight Joan of Arc parading through Paris on a white horse made for an unusual spectacle , Sunday afternoon , as hundreds of Catholics , royalists and nationalists took to the streets of the French capital to honor the saint and to call for national revival .
Flanked by knights in armor , an actor playing the national hero headed the parade organized by Civitas , a Catholic nationalist movement recently restyled as a political party which will field candidates in next month 's French legislative elections . Also present were members of Action Française , the longtime royalist movement , little known outside of France , which seeks to reinstate the monarchy and install a king as head of state . Action Française had held their own march , one of several to take place in the capital , hours earlier .
Barely a mile away , the pomp and ceremony were continuing for the inauguration of the ‘ king ' of the next five years , Emmanuel Macron , the French Republic 's newly elected president .
Macron , fresh from their investiture at the Elysée Palace and a parade along the Champs-Élysées , was attending an official ceremony at the Hôtel de Ville , meeting Paris ' socialist mayor , Anne Hidalgo .
Macron 's victory , the marchers heard , was a grand manipulation , at the hands of a media concentrated in the hands of the few , which had duped the public into believing they could revive the country . Rather their presidency would mean five more years of ‘ grand replacement ' immigration , suppression of political dissent and continued measures to replace the traditional family with alternate models . It would mean a further five years of the erosion of France to the benefit of a stateless , globalist ideology , Alain Escada , the head of Civitas told the crowd .
The cortège was delayed for a time on its final stretch as a car waited outside a majestic address on Rue de Rivoli , surrounded by press on motorbikes and television news crews . It was former president , François Hollande , visiting what would be their new office . They emerged and sped off , pursued by the awaiting media , moments before the arrival of the ‘ knights ' leading the parade and the sound of a booming-voiced priest invoking Joan of Arc to deliver France .
The march , unashamedly Catholic and patriotic , flowed peacefully through the streets of the capital , commencing from Place St. Augustin in the city 's chic 8th arrondissement , passing historic landmarks along its route to the Place des Pyramides before speeches were heard by the statue of Joan of Arc .
There was no counter-demonstration , the march drawing more curiosity than anything else . Several cries of ‘ fascists ! ' could be heard from a handful of onlookers near the end of the route . One man , triggered upon seeing a river of royal insignia and flags , hysterically screamed the word ‘ Europe ' whenever ‘ France ' was mentioned . On the opposite side of Rue de Rivoli , two men kissed between cries of ‘ fascists ! ' in a frustrated attempt to provoke the marchers . It caused little scandal .
As in the early 15th century – the time of Joan of Arc – the country was fractured , the Civitas leader told the crowd in their characteristic Belgian accent , with its people looking on in desolation as their country was invaded .
Much worse , however , the millennial nation was facing its current threats as a largely dechristianized country . Having lost the faith of their baptism , they were sinking into immorality , disorder and cowardice , to which the only solution would be to rechristianize the country , following the example of Joan of Arc and the heroes of the past ; St. Geneviève , credited with saving Paris from the invading Hun armies in the fifth century , and Charles Martel who stopped the Islamic expansion into Europe at the Battle of Tours in the eight .
Again it would be up to the Catholic faith to deliver the nation , and not the tainted Catholicism of Pope Francis , traditionalist Escada charged , calling the Pontiff an ‘ 'imposter in the service of the New World Order . ''
The power of the freemasons in the halls of government and the influence of secret societies were also criticized in the speech , which called for patriotic voting and long-term resistance ;
‘ 'When an authority works against the well-being of the people and imposes decisions against the general interest , it is always a duty to disobey and resist '' , Escada told the crowd before a stirring speech from firebrand priest , Father Xavier Beauvais , a member of the traditionalist SSPX ( Society of St. Pius X ) in which they called for those present to take courage from the example of Joan of Arc , before closing proceedings with a prayer and blessing .
The march brought together representatives of various nationalist and traditionalist movements , including Comités Jeanne , a movement launched by Front National founder , Jean-Marie Le Pen , and Le Parti de la France ; a mélange of political forces united by what they see as the gravity of France 's current situation .
Asked to give one good reason to support the restoration of the monarchy , ended during the bloodbath of the French Revolution , one sympathizer explained to the Gateway Pundit that ‘ ' a king thinks in generations , whilst a president thinks of their next election . ''
French royalists are more numerous than most people realize , and their ranks extend far beyond the noble families which managed to escape the guillotines of the 1790s .
Just under one in five of the French population are favorable to the return of a king , a number which Sunday 's marchers expect will have increased by the end of Macron 's presidency .
Photo Credits : Cyrille de Pranal
Video Credits : Médias-Presse-Info , TV Patriotes
State Rep. Jack Williams told AL.com Thursday morning he 's received `` strong indications '' that UAB President Ray Watts has decided not to reinstate the school 's football program and plans to announce that news Friday night .
`` This could lead to irreparable damage at UAB in its relationship with the community , '' Williams said .
UAB released a statement later Thursday morning saying that no decision has been made yet on the possible return of football , rifle and bowling .
Williams said they believe Watts `` is holding fast '' to their original decision to eliminate the sports , which was announced Dec. 2 of last year , despite the positive nature of the College Sports Solutions report on bringing back those sports .
Williams said two key meetings are scheduled for this morning to try to convince Watts to reinstate football . Williams said four local business leaders have a meeting scheduled with University of Alabama System trustee Johnny Johns , and local philanthropist Jimmy Filler has a meeting scheduled with Watts .
Williams said they understand that Filler plans to present Watts with a multimillion-dollar guaranteed letter of credit to contribute to upgrading UAB 's football facilities if that sport is reinstated .
If Watts still refuses to reinstate football , despite the money raised by Filler , other boosters , the city of Birmingham and the UAB Undergraduate Student Government Association , Williams said , `` I think this would cement their legacy in a very destructive way . Their tenure at UAB will be marked by their destructive behavior . ''
( Updated to include a statement from UAB . )
ELIZABETH — Matthew Ballister says they and their girlfriend often used drugs , that they tried to electrocute their girlfriend when they were high , and that they ran over them with their Hummer and then dismembered their body and put the parts in the trash so no one would find them
But they say they did n't mean to kill April Wyckoff . It was an accident . They actually loved them and planned to marry them
Ballister said they put Wyckoff in the back seat of the Hummer in the driveway of their Union Township home in October 2013 , and unbeknownst to him , they had gotten out and was hiding under the vehicle when they backed out , and drove over them
`` It 's an accident , '' a shackled Ballister said in an exclusive interview in the Union County jail where they are being held on charges they murdered the 43-year-old woman , a divorced mother of two .
`` It 's the truth . It was an accident . I hear their death rattle every day , '' Ballister said .
Ballister , who was charged in their death , is due in Union County Superior Court Monday for a status conference .
Their mother , Eleanor Schofield , 70 , of Springfield is facing charges of hindering apprehension for allegedly interfering in the investigation .
In the hours after Wyckoff died , Ballister said they spoke with their mother , and then decided to get rid of Wyckoff 's body . They pulled their body into their garage , dismembered her , then placed the body parts in plastic bags , and drove to Essex County to dispose of them .
Since their arrest , Ballister , now 45 , has switched lawyers four times for various reasons , they say , such as one had poor health , another went on vacation after taking the case , and still another refused to seek evidence that they claim police are hiding .
They are now represented by a public defender and wants to change attorneys yet again .
Ballister keeps a stack of papers a foot-and-half high about their case , and they have carried the papers with them when they appear in court . In one recent hearing , they pleaded for Superior Court Judge Robert Mega to hear their complaints about their lawyers . Assistant Public Defender Brian McCormack advised Ballister not to say anything , and Mega refused to hear from the defendant .
`` I 'm not going to prejudice the case , '' Mega said in court last May .
Authorities say they never recovered all of Wyckoff 's body parts . Ballister contends that animals got into the plastic bags before the parts were found .
Wyckoff 's son , James Wyckoff , 24 , who was appointed administrator of their mother 's estate , has filed suit against Ballister , seeking damages for the woman 's death .
`` James Wyckoff was devastated by their mother 's death , '' said Rosemarie Arnold , the Fort Lee attorney representing the son .
`` He was very close to their mother . They miss their mother everyday , '' Arnold said .
They said the family still has not been told how April Wykoff died . James Wyckoff 's sister , Ashley , now 16 , is also a plaintiff in the suit , and Ballister 's mother is also named as a defendant .
During an interview in the Union County Jail last week , Ballister 's hands remained cuffed and shackled tightly to a chain around their waist . They still managed to flip quickly through their extensive files .
They spoke quickly , too , trying to give details about their background in electronics and how they met Wyckoff on an internet site . The couple shared a love of pets , including Ballister 's four Huskies . Wyckoff moved into Ballister 's home on Mercer Avenue , a house first purchased by their grandparents .
However , Ballister claims Wyckoff had plotted to get their house and money . On May 2013 , they called police and filed a domestic violence complaint against them after an argument . They were arrested , but the charges were later dismissed , one of their prior lawyers said during a court hearing .
Wyckoff moved into their own apartment and , Ballister claims , Wyckoff had an affair with a Union Township police officer . Ballister and Wyckoff later reconciled and the couple became heavily involved in drugs , they said .
In the days before Wyckoff died , Ballister said , the two of them were using cocaine . On Oct. 22 , 2013 , the two of them were using drugs again , and Wyckoff started an argument , Ballister said . In the drug-induced state , Ballister said , they stripped wires from a lamp , intending to lightly shock Wyckoff , but instead was received a shock himself .
They said they decided they both should go to a hospital following the confrontation . They said they put Wyckoff in the backseat of their Hummer , went back into their house to retrieve something , then returned to Hummer , getting behind the wheel , unaware that Wyckoff had gotten out and was hiding under the vehicle .
As they backed out of the driveway , they said , a front tire ran over Wyckoff . They saw the injured woman and hopped out of the Hummer . They were so upset , they said , that they then used Wyckoff 's car to drive away and get more drugs . When they returned , they moved the woman 's body into the garage , went in the house and called their mother , who came from their home in Springfield .
After the two talked , Ballister concluded that they had to dispose of the body . They said calling the police was not an option , because they had previously arrested them for domestic violence and Wyckoff had been involved with one of the officers . They used tools they own to cut up the body , put the parts in plastic bags and drove to Newark to dispose of them , they said .
Officers from several agencies searched parts of Union , Essex and Hudson counties , and found some of the body parts along the edge of the Passaic River in Newark on Oct. 27 , five days after they were killed , authorities have said .
Ballister 's mother denies they went to the house and spoke to their son after Wyckoff was run over in the driveway .
`` Absolutely not . I knew nothing about that , '' said Schofeld .
MORE UNION COUNTY NEWS
Tom Haydon may be reached at thaydon @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ Tom_HaydonSL . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
In another example of how Alberta 's economy is suffering , Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers is putting an entire work camp in the province for sale .
Touted in a press release as one of the biggest items ever put up for grabs by the auctioneer in its 55-year history , the 1,200-person work camp includes “ all the modern conveniences of the big city , ” including a gym , a medical clinic , a full-service dining room and a bar .
The camp , built by ATCO in 2013 , is located approximately 50 kilometers outside Peace River in northwestern Alberta . Here are some of the amenities the facility offers :
1 ) A fully-functioning kitchen capable of catering all its inhabitants in an hour and a half .
2 ) A bar/lounge area with six TVs .
Courtesy of Ritchie Bros .
3 ) A recreation room with pool tables , ping pong tables , foosball and golf simulators .
4 ) A gym complex with two squash courts , a 200-metre indoor running track and gym equipment .
Courtesy of Ritchie Bros .
5 ) 21 dorms , each measuring approximately 160 square feet . 1,232 executive-style rooms in total .
6 ) A security office and IT server rooms .
7 ) WI-FI coverage throughout the facility .
Ritchie Bros. has benefited from the dire economic situation in Canada 's energy patch . In April , the company sold $ 240 million worth of equipment in Edmonton , marking the company 's largest auction in Canada .
“ Approximately 46 per cent of the equipment was purchased by Alberta buyers , showcasing the strength and size of this market even when there are economic challenges , '' Senior VP Brian Glenn said in a statement last May .
The company sold more than $ 120 million worth of equipment in a different Edmonton auction in February . Glenn partly attributed the size of that auction to Alberta 's economic climate .
Ritchie Bros. director of investment relations Jamie Kokoska said that , in spite of the economic environment , much of the equipment is staying in the province .
“ While the oil and gas downturn has affected many , there is still ample demand for heavy machinery in the Alberta market , ” they told BNN in an email .
Kokoska said the camp has generated a lot of interest and that they 're confident a sale will occur shortly .
`` The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo '' is a compelling thriller to begin with , but it adds the rare quality of having a hero more fascinating than the story . She 's a 24-year-old goth girl named Lisbeth Salander , with body piercings and tattoos : thin , small , fierce , damaged , a genius computer hacker . They smoke to quiet their racing heart .
Lisbeth is as compelling as any movie character in recent memory . Played by Noomi Rapace with an unwavering intensity , they find their own emotional needs nurtured by the nature of the case they investigate , the disappearance of a young girl 40 years earlier . As this case is revealed as part of a long-hidden pattern of bizarre violence against women , memories of their own abused past return with a vengeance .
Advertisement
Rapace makes the character compulsively interesting . They play against a passive fortysomething hero , Mikael Blomkvist ( Michael Nyqvist ) , an investigative journalist who has six months of freedom before beginning a prison sentence for libel against a Swedish tycoon . Mikael , resourceful and intelligent , is hired by an elderly billionaire named Henrik Vanger ( Sven-Bertil Taube ) , who inhabits a gloomy mansion on a remote island and broods about the loss of their beloved niece Harriet . They vanished one day when the island was cut off from the mainland . Them body was never found . Because the access bridge was blocked , the killer must have been a member of Vanger 's large and greedy family , which they hate . Three brothers were Nazi sympathizers during the war .
The notion of a murder with a limited list of suspects was conventional even before Agatha Christie . Niels Arden Oplev 's `` The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo '' pays it lip service , with Mikael covering a wall with photos of the suspects . But this is a new age , and in addition to their search of newspaper and legal archives , they use the Internet . That 's how they come across Lisbeth , who has been investigating him . She 's described as Sweden 's best hacker , a claim we have no reason to doubt , and the intensity of their focus , contrasted to their walled-off emotional life , suggests Asperger 's .
They team up on the case , and might become lovers if not for Mikael 's diffidence and their secretive hostility . They become efficient partners . Scenes involving newspaper photographs and Internet searches create sequences like a `` Blow-Up '' for the digital age . The film is unique in my memory for displaying screen shots of an actual computer operating system , Mac OS X , and familiar programs like e-mail and iPhoto . Ever notice how most movie computers work like magic ?
The forbidding island setting , the winter chill , the frosty inhabitants , all combine with dread suspicions to create an uncommonly effective thriller . It 's longer than average , but not slow , not after we become invested in the depravity of the case . There are scenes involving rape , bondage and assault that are stronger than most of what serves in the movies for sexual violence , but these scenes are not exploitation . They have a ferocious feminist orientation , and although `` The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo '' seems a splendid title , the original Swedish title was the stark `` Men Who Hate Women . ''
Advertisement
The novel , one of a trilogy which Stieg Larsson completed before their untimely death at 44 in 2004 , was an international best-seller . It is destined to be remade by Hollywood . That remake may turn out to be a good film , but if I were you I 'd be sure to watch this version . The Hollywood version will almost certainly tone down the sexual violence . I ca n't think of an American actor who could play Lisbeth . Kristen Stewart , who I respect , has been mentioned . Dakota Fanning . I dunno . A younger Jodie Foster , maybe . Someone able to play hard as nails and emotionally unavailable . Make them a Swede , and simply cast Noomi Rapace .
This is not a deep psychological study . But it 's a sober , grown-up film . It has action , but not the hyperkinetic activity that passes for action in too many American movies . It has sex , but not eroticism . Its male lead is brave and capable , but not macho . Its female lead is sexy in the abstract , perhaps , but not seductive or alluring . This is a movie about characters who have more important things to do than be characters in an action thriller .
BUSINESS
LG Electronics employee carries out a nail penetration test by penetrating a sharp nail into a battery . ( LG Electronics )
LG Electronics employee carries out a falling test of LG G6 to inspect the product 's structural problem when there is an impact on the smartphone . ( LG Electronics )
A 9.1 kilogram weight drops 61 meters onto a battery placed on an iron rod . When the weight hits with a dull thud , the battery is crushed but does n't catch fire or explode.Various battery and smartphone tests are carried out at 640,000-square-meter LG Digital Park , workplace for around 10,000 employees manufacturing the company 's products from smartphones to home appliances and auto components. “ We are testing the quality of the G6 more rigorously , as consumers ' concern about safety is on the rise , ” Lee Seok-jong , chief of LG 's mobile communications global operation group , told reporters invited to LG Digital Park Friday. “ LG is producing 50,000 units of the G6 a day here , ” Lee added.Inside a battery evaluation lab in the LG Digital Park , employees carry out tests to verify the safety of batteries in terms of shock , pressure , penetration , heat and flammability.A battery lab staff member conducted a nail penetration test , in which a sharp nail is driven into the center of a battery . The battery endures its ordeal without breaking apart . The test is carried out to guarantee customer safety even when a pet bites the battery.The employee also put a battery into fire to make it explode . This test was carried out to check measures to stop debris from flying in extreme cases when a battery explodes . The test is passed when the debris is kept within a certain distance. “ A battery is like a bomb . We do these tests to prevent injuries to people even if the battery explodes , ” said Kim Sung-woo , a chief engineer of LG 's product test lab.Getting out of the battery inspection lab , we moved to the four-story , 20,000-square-meter G2 building where premium smartphones including the G6 are produced . On the fourth floor , we wore gowns and shoes to stop dust from entering the final assembly line , which also conducts inspection and packaging.There were 14 assembly lines and each assembly line is 36 meters long . Employees -- mostly young and female -- make final tests of smartphone functions including waterproof , communications , display and sound.A few meters away from the assembly line , there was production safety line where employees conduct tests on the G6 . They drop G6 phones from a height of one meter -- a typical height if the phone is dropped by an adult user -- on steel , wood and carpet floors . In order to see damage to appearance and functions more clearly , they monitor the process through cameras installed on the floor.Kim Guen-heung , LG 's chief of product development unit , said , “ We are doing the tests solely from the perspective of consumers . As G6 is globally launched , we are testing the product more than six months during the development stage. ” LG G6 , which was launched on March 10 in Korea , will go on sale in North America early next month.By Shin Ji-hye ( shinjh @ heraldcorp.com )
Today I found out around 85 % of humans only breathe out of one nostril at a time . Even more interesting is that the pattern of switching from breathing out of one nostril to the other happens in a cyclical fashion , with about four hours or so between each switch typically ; although , this can vary from person to person and vary based on your body position or nasal congestion .
The first known instance of someone studying this “ nasal cycle ” was German nose specialist , Richard Kayser in 1895 . How your nose accomplishes this switch is via erectile tissue in your nose , which is very similar to the erectile tissue in a penis or clitoris . Erectile tissue will swell up in one nostril , mostly blocking it , and at the same time erectile tissue in the other nostril will shrink , opening it up for breathing .
Even more interesting is that depending on which nostril you are predominately breathing out of at any given moment , it seems to greatly affect your body and brain .
For instance , a study in 1988 showed that breathing through your right nostril significantly increases blood glucose levels , while breathing through your left nostril has the opposite effect . It is speculated from this that abnormal nasal cycles , such as breathing through your right nostril for many years without a switch , may be one contributing factor in certain cases of diabetes .
Another study in 1993 showed that when you are breathing through your right nostril , you will use significantly more oxygen than when breathing through your left .
Most interestingly of all , yet another study published in 1994 , showed that when you are breathing through your left nostril , the right hemisphere of your brain will be more active or dominant and vice-verse when you are breathing through your right nostril .
Even though this switching happens naturally in a cyclical fashion , you can affect it in more ways than just plugging one nostril or the other to force breathing through the one you want . If you lay down on one side or the other , after around 12-15 minutes , the erectile tissue in the nostril on that side will begin to swell up and the other side will decrease its swelling so that if you are lying on your left side , then your right nostril will open up and your left nostril will close up .
It is thought that this nasal cycle could be the reason that when you sleep on your side , you will often switch sides throughout the night at very regular intervals , even if you were n't in the slightest bit uncomfortable . It could just be that your body needs to switch which nostril it is breathing out of , so you feel the urge to roll over to your other side while you sleep .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Bonus Facts :
Research has shown that the nasal cycle gets weaker as you get older .
The nasal cycle is thought to be regulated by the autonomic nervous system via the sympathetic nervous system .
Expand for References :
Of course pdb has already got functions to start a debugger in the middle of your program , most notably pdb.set_trace ( ) . This however requires you to know where you want to start debugging , it also means you ca n't leave it in for production code .
But I 've always been envious of what I can do with GDB : just interrupt a running program and start to poke around with a debugger . This can be handy in some situations , e.g . you 're stuck in a loop and want to investigate . And today it suddenly occurred to me : just register a signal handler that sets the trace function ! Here is the proof of concept code :
import os import signal import sys import time def handle_pdb ( sig , frame ) : import pdb pdb.Pdb ( ) .set_trace ( frame ) def loop ( ) : while True : x = 'foo ' time.sleep ( 0.2 ) if __name__ == '__main__ ' : signal.signal ( signal.SIGUSR1 , handle_pdb ) print ( os.getpid ( ) ) loop ( )
Now I can send SIGUSR1 to the running application and get a debugger . Lovely !
I imagine you could spice this up by using Winpdb to allow remote debugging in case your application is no longer attached to a terminal . And the other problem the above code has is that it ca n't seem to resume the program after pdb got invoked , after exiting pdb you just get a traceback and are done ( but since this is only bdb raising the bdb.BdbQuit exception I guess this could be solved in a few ways ) . The last immediate issue is running this on Windows , I do n't know much about Windows but I know they do n't have signals so I 'm not sure how you could do this there .
Saturday , July 25 , 2009 | Labels : python |
Nassau Police Chief of Department Steve Skrynecki said the suspect 's age makes this case extremely rare .
“ We have not had this type of situation in quite some time where the victims are randomly selected , where there is no connection between the assailant and the victim , ” Skrynecki said .
Police said Peterkin has been connected to at least three recent attacks in Valley Stream and in Lynbrook , Xirinachs reported .
“ The three cases that we 're focused on now , we are looking at other cases and because of the proximity to New York City , New York City is also looking at any possible open cases that might involve them as well , ” Skrynecki said .
Authorities said they have DNA evidence connecting Peterkin to the victims .
Police : Teen Charged In L.I . Sex Attacks To Be Tried As Adult , Ordered Held Without Bail
A New York Post report noted that Peterkin , then 15 , was also charged in a two attacks on women in the Laurelton section of Queens in 2011 . In each case , the newspaper reported , they brutally beat and punched their victims in the head .
The teen was arrested Sunday morning in Howard Beach .
Nassau County police said Peterkin is suspected in an attack a week ago Sunday in Valley Stream State Park . The 60-year-old victim was out alone on an exercise walk along a path when they were raped , choked and beaten , police said .
Police alleged Peterkin was also the suspect who attacked a 30-year-old woman who is seven months pregnant , as they walked south on Mill Road in Valley Stream on Aug. 12 . They allegedly rode a bicycle up to the woman and grabbed their buttocks from behind , police said .
The woman ran west on Jedwood Place to escape the suspect , but they caught up with her , pushed them to the ground , and punched them in the face , police said . The suspect then tried to rip off the victim 's shirt and pin them to the ground , police said .
The woman was able to escape , and was treated at an area hospital for scrapes and cuts to their arms and legs , police said . The suspect rode off on their bicycle , police said .
“ He only wanted one thing and it was to catch a cheap feel and to violate her , ” the pregnant woman 's husband told CBS 2 's Jennifer McLogan .
About 20 minutes before that incident , investigators said a suspect with the same description attacked a 58-year-old woman outside their home in Lynbrook and began punching them They then pushed them inside and tried to rip off their clothes , police said .
So far , no charges have been issued against Peterkin in connection with that incident .
Authorities said Peterkin , who was supposed to have their first day of high school Monday , has spent time in juvenile detention , McLogan reported .
They are due back in court Wednesday .
Despite relief that a suspect is under arrest , many in the community have asked why they were n't alerted to the initial sexual assaults last month , McLogan reported .
Some residents wondered if the Labor Day rape could have been prevented .
Peterkin has been charged as an adult and faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted of the top count .
You May Also Be Interested In These :
In a column published in both the Washington Post and New York Post , Fox News contributor George Will dismissed claims of college sexual assault –using ‘ scare quotes ' around the term– while stating students see victimhood as a “ coveted status . ”
Writing that college administrators are being “ educated by Washington , ” Will writes , “ they are learning that when they say campus victimizations are ubiquitous ” they are promoting the idea that victimhood is “ a coveted status that confers privileges , victims proliferate . ”
Relating the story of a Swarthmore coed who was coerced into sex after saying “ no , ” Will dismissed their claim of “ sexual assault ” claiming it was part of the “ hookup culture , this cocktail of hormones , alcohol and the faux sophistication of today 's prolonged adolescence of especially privileged young adults . ”
Will asserts that making the leap from “ forcible sexual penetration ” to “ nonconsensual touching ” is too broad of a definition for sexual assault , and denigrates the “ doctrine that the consent of a female who has been drinking might not protect a male from being found guilty of rape , ” worrying about the costs of litigation for the universities and the reputations of college men accused of assault .
The administration recently released a report on college sexual assault stating that one in five women is sexually assaulted while in college , and only 12 % of assaults are reported .
Will disputed the numbers without stating at which level they would consider college sexual assaults to no longer be acceptable .
When a lobbyist is named head of the agency that regulates the industry they represented , perhaps we should n't be surprised if they act in the best interests of their former employers .
That seems to be the lesson coming out of the Federal Communications Commission . Tom Wheeler , a onetime cable industry lobbyist who took over as chairperson of the agency last fall , is showing more sympathy for the big telecommunications companies than for consumers when it comes to net neutrality , the notion that all Internet traffic should be treated the same .
Under the guise of restoring rules governing net neutrality , Wheeler appears to be gutting them — much to the benefit of the big broadband providers .
Wheeler has proposed rules that would allow the Internet providers to create fast lanes and toll roads for particular websites and services . Those new toll roads would be great for the broadband companies , allowing them to thwart competition and bring in new revenue . But they 'd be terrible for consumers , who would face increased costs and potentially fewer choices for Web content .
“ The rules that we hoped would enshrine net neutrality would solidify a nonneutral Internet instead , ” said John Bergmayer , a senior staff attorney at Public Knowledge , a consumer interest group .
Also known as “ Open Internet ” rules , net neutrality is the principle that Internet service providers should treat all legal data on their wires equally without showing preference . The intent of such rules is to bar providers from blocking or slowing access to certain websites or services — or providing priority access to them .
Whether consumers and Internet companies would continue to enjoy the protections of net neutrality has been in question since January , when a federal appeals court threw out the FCC 's Open Internet rules . The court ruled the FCC could impose the rules on Internet providers only if it considered them to be “ common carriers ” like railroads or telegraph operators , something the agency , in a fit of deregulatory fervor in the early 2000s , had declared they were n't .
In the wake of the court decision , the FCC had three basic options : It could appeal the decision to the Supreme Court , go back and reclassify Internet service providers as common carriers or try to rewrite the rules so they somehow still protected net neutrality but no longer looked like common carrier regulations . Of these , the only certain path to guaranteeing net neutrality was reclassifying the Internet service providers as common carriers .
That was the path the court had endorsed , and the one that made sense to most supporters of net neutrality . Broadband providers are in the business of transporting data , just like railroads are in the business of transporting goods , and ought to be treated similarly .
But Wheeler has resisted that course and rejected out of hand appealing the court 's decision . Instead , they chose the path that simultaneously offers consumers the least protection , is on the least stable legal foundation and offers the biggest upside to the big telecommunications providers .
The proposed new rules , which Wheeler began circulating to their fellow commissioners Wednesday , look a lot like the ones the court struck down . But instead of barring providers from discriminating against particular websites or services , the new rules would allow them to do just that if it were “ commercially reasonable . ”
As several public interest groups noted , there 's good reason to worry about that new phrase . In its ruling , the court said that under a “ commercially reasonable ” standard , broadband providers would be able to charge certain websites or services for “ high-speed , priority access ” to their customers . That 's something they could n't do under the former Open Internet rules .
Those kinds of fast lanes would be great for broadband providers . They could use them to make their own services compare favorably to those of competitors or use them to gain a new source of revenue by charging companies like Netflix or Hulu for better throughput .
But for everyone else , those fast lanes would be awful . The fast lanes would probably be affordable only for the biggest companies and not for potential upstarts , a situation that would limit competition and innovation . And any extra costs that Netflix or Hulu might incur from the toll lanes almost certainly would be passed on to consumers .
In a blog post , Wheeler tried to dismiss such concerns , arguing that the change to a “ commercially reasonable ” standard is merely semantic . As before , the new rules would give the FCC the power to bar broadband providers from taking steps that are anti-consumer or anti-competitive , they said .
If the new rules are merely an example of a distinction without a difference , they are likely to be thrown out just like the earlier ones , and we 'll be back at square one yet again . But if the proposed rules are enacted and upheld , net neutrality is dead — and so too is the Internet as we 've known it .
Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or twolverton @ mercurynews.com . Follow them at www.mercurynews.com/troy-wolverton or Twitter.com/troywolv .
Oh My Girl : K-pop band detained at Los Angeles airport on suspicion of being sex workers , agency says
Updated
All eight members of a new girl K-pop girl band , travelling for an album cover shoot in the United States , have been detained at Los Angeles airport on suspicion that they might be sex workers , their agency says .
The eight member band , Oh My Girl , were held for 15 hours on Thursday before being released , after which they flew back to South Korea .
Their agency WM Entertainment released a statement saying the LA immigration authorities had gone through the band 's costumes and props .
`` Then , probably because of their young age , they seem to have mistaken them as sex workers , '' the statement said , without elaborating .
The agency said it was taking legal advice in the United States as to whether the band 's detention was lawful .
There might also have been an issue with the type of visa the band members were holding , as they were also booked to perform at a gala event in Los Angeles on Saturday .
Oh My Girl was only formed in March this year and released its debut single in April .
South Korea 's K-pop scene , which has been exported with enormous success across Asia and beyond , is dominated by young girl and boy bands whose members are sometimes as young as 13 or 14 years old .
In 2012 , the South Korean authorities took steps to curb over-sexualised performances , threatening to slap R-ratings on films , music videos and TV shows that placed an exaggerated sexual emphasis on young singers and bands they feature .
AFP
Topics : music , world-politics , police , sexual-offences , united-states , korea-republic-of
First posted
It sounds like something straight out of science fiction : a laser no bigger than a grain of rice that uses one-billionth of the electric current needed to power a hair dryer .
But researchers at Princeton University have created just such a device -- and they say it represents a big step forward for quantum computing .
`` It is basically as small as you can go with these single-electron devices , '' Dr. Jason Petta , a professor of physics at the university and the leader of the team that built the laser , said in a written statement .
To create the microwave laser , or `` maser , '' Petta and their colleagues used thin nanowires to link up pairs of quantum dots -- artificial molecules made up of bits of a semiconductor material called indium arsenide .
Then they placed two of these `` double quantum dots '' six millimeters apart inside a small cavity made from superconductor material , called niobium , with mirrors on either side .
When the experimental device was hooked up to a battery , electrons flowed through the quantum dots . As the electrons transitioned from a higher energy state to a lower one , they emitted photons in the microwave range . These particles of light bounced off the mirrors to produce a focused beam of microwave energy .
`` The remarkable feature of this device is that it is 'pumped ' by single electrons tunneling from one quantum dot to another , '' Petta told The Huffington Post in an email . `` It is like a line of people crossing a wide stream by leaping onto a rock so small that it can only hold one person , '' they added in the statement . `` They are forced to cross the stream one at a time . ''
( Story continues below image . )
A double quantum dot as imaged by a scanning electron microscope . Current flows one electron at a time through two quantum dots ( red circles ) .
Exactly what good is such a device ? The researchers hope to use double quantum dots as quantum bits , or `` qubits , '' which are the basic units of information in quantum computers .
One of the biggest challenges in quantum computing is coupling qubits so that they can be used to send information over large distances . Quantum dots may help solve this problem , according to Petta .
`` Imagine trying to communicate a message over a long distance by forming a line of people and having each person relay the message to the person in front of them , '' they said in the email . `` Using a photon , or light particle , to couple two quantum dots is analogous to directly flying the message from the first person in line to the last person in line . ''
Following President Obama 's speech this Wednesday , where they were once again pushing for the minimum wage to be increased , Sen. Bernie Sanders spoke to All In 's Chris Hayes about some of the obstacles he 's facing -- including one of the biggest welfare recipients in the nation -- Walmart .
HAYES : Why ca n't we get a reasonable minimum wage . What is stopping us from getting a $ 10 minimum wage . Lay it out for me ?
SANDERS : Let me tell you something , I do n't want to break the bad news to you . A majority of the Republicans are not only opposed to raising the minimum wage , a majority of the Republicans right now , believe we should abolish the concept of the minimum wage , and if in a city like Detroit or other high unemployment areas , you can get 3 , 4 , 5 bucks an hour , that would be acceptable to them .
So what you have is a raid against us , a lot of big money interests , a lot of Republicans who do not believe in `` government regulation , '' which means a minimum wage , and that 's the problem that we have .
HAYES : When you talk about big money , when you 're trying and you 've been trying , you 've been working on this issue , i know you support this legislation . You 've been working on raising the minimum wage . Who is on the other side of the fight ? Because this is an intensely lobbied bill in Congress when it does happen . Who is sitting across the table from the Bernie Sanders of the world saying , `` Do not raise this '' when that fight happens ?
SANDERS : Well , companies like Walmart . The Walmart family ... here 's an amazing story . The Walmart family is the wealthiest family in this country , worth about $ 100 billion . owning more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people , and yet here 's the incredible fact .
Because their wages and benefits are so low , they are the major welfare recipients in America , because many , many of their workers depend on Medicaid , depend on food stamps , depend on government subsidies for housing . So , if the minimum wage went up for Walmart , would be a real cut in their profits , but it would be a real savings by the way for taxpayers , who would not having to subsidize Walmart employees because of their low wages .
Millennials rival Baby Boomers in numbers , but the seniors have a leg up in the political process . WNIJ 's Katie Finlon explores how the issue may hit closer to home .
The New Boom , or the Millennial generation , outnumbers the Baby Boomers , but the Baby Boomers are outvoting them . That 's according to Trey Grayson , who is the director of Harvard 's Institute of Politics .
And the reason why seems to be unclear , if not confusing .
A Reason Foundation poll says young people support big government , but not if it costs more money . They 're for smaller government , unless budget cuts do away with a program they 've heard of . They want Washington to fix everything , but they do n't want it to run anything .
A millennial , generally speaking , is someone born between 1980 and 2000 . With this age group getting the majority of their information from the internet and social media , most argue millennials are the most informed generation to date .
According to a Harvard Institute of Politics poll , however , less than 1 in 4 millennials under age 30 plans to vote in the general elections this year .
But why ?
The Harvard poll also found about 59 percent of those under age 30 think elected officials are motivated by selfish reasons , and only 35 percent believe running for office is an honorable thing to do .
Janet Clark is a political science instructor at Kishwaukee College . They think the quality of the sources their students find may have something to do with the poll 's findings .
“ It seems like there 's just so much out there and they have trouble differentiating between what 's a biased source of information versus what 's really credible . ”
Eric Johnson is a political scientist at Kishwaukee College and the DeKalb Township supervisor . They currently teach a state and local government class and takes real-life examples from this election cycle to teach their students .
Johnson says millennials seem to be apathetic about their role in the political process , thinking that their vote does not matter in Tuesday 's election . They also said the generation appears to be short-sighted with the country 's political issues that might also affect them , like pension and healthcare .
“ And I 've asked , ‘ How do you see this election affecting you ? ' And they really do n't see it . ”
For Northern Illinois University student Joanne Bright , it 's an issue of not having the time to vote between classes , their job and other responsibilities .
“ Because I just think it would be really irresponsible to vote unless you really know what you 're voting for , and I do n't have the time between school and work to actually find out about what the candidates are about . ”
Otherwise , Bright would vote in this election -- in fact , they voted in the last presidential election .
Matt Streb is a political scientist at NIU . They say it 's a matter of political candidates appealing to those who vote , but millennials claim that their concerns and the issues that matter to them -- like student debt or the job market -- are n't addressed by politicians .
“ It 's kind of a chicken and the egg , right ? Students often tell me , ‘ Well , politicians do n't talk to me , they do n't talk about issues that I care about , and politicians wo n't say this publicly , but what they 'll say privately is , ‘ Well , that 's because you do n't vote . ' ”
Streb says the youth low-voting trend is hardly new . It was n't just an all-time high in youth voting for the 2008 presidential election -- it was all voting across the board .
“ And it is true that in 2008 , when President Obama was elected , that young people did turn out in greater numbers than they did previously , but they still made up the same percentage of the electorate that they had made up previously . ”
The New Boom 's sense of individualism when it comes to candidates and a lack of party affiliation may play a part in their decision to vote . Evan Walter is a political science doctoral student at NIU and an instructor at Kishwaukee College .
“ Millennials like to identify as independents , they like to identify as free thinkers , so they like to not be tied down , and I think that 's kind of just played off on the social mobility side with social media , as they do n't have to be tied down with one source of information . ”
Those who are voting in Tuesday 's election can cast their ballots in the DeKalb area in the Conference Room East of the Administration Building in Sycamore .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Heavily indebted euro zone nations such as Italy and Portugal could come under pressure to put their bullion reserves to work as a result of plans for Cyprus to sell gold to meet its financing needs .
A European Commission assessment of what Cyprus needs to do as part of its European Union/International Monetary Fund bailout showed Cyprus is expected to sell in excess gold reserves to raise around 400 million euros ( $ 523 million ) .
Other struggling euro area countries may be pushed to take note . Between them , for example , Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece and Spain , hold more than 3,230 metric tons ( 3561 tons ) of gold between them , worth nearly 125 billion euros at today 's prices .
The lion 's share of that - 2,451.8 metric tons - belongs to Italy . But Portugal and Spain also hold hundreds of metric tons and gold is currently trading around $ 1,558.95 per ounce in spot terms , or 1,189 euros .
The metal makes up more than 90 percent of Portugal 's foreign exchange holdings , and 72.2 percent of Italy 's . India , by contrast , holds less than 10 percent of its reserves in gold .
Gold sales on their own would be far from a magic bullet to solve euro zone financing problems : Italy 's entire gold reserves , for example , are worth less than 95 billion euros , against outstanding debt of around 1.685 trillion euros .
But the Cyprus situation shows that even a relatively small gold sale may help address severe debt problems . Cyprus ' gold sale would allow it to easily come up with around 3 percent of what it must contribute to the bailout .
It is something that has the market somewhat concerned given that a big sale would push down the price . Central bank gold buying was one of the few areas of demand to increase last year at a time jewelry , coin and gold-bar buying was on the wane .
Indeed , spot gold posted its biggest one-day drop in nearly two months on Wednesday after news of the planned sale broke .
“ Cyprus may be a one-off , ( but ) the market 's concern will be that it is n't , and that other countries will be invited to sell their gold , ” one senior gold trader said .
“ It 's a potential game-changer for the market , ” they added . “ Given we know that Portugal rejected the most recent austerity plan , and they have over 90 percent of the country 's foreign exchange reserves in gold , does this mean that Portugal perhaps will be asked to sell some of its gold ? ”
PROHIBITION
Despite this , potentially hefty barriers lie in the way of central banks making sales to meet financing needs . Article 7 of the Protocol of the European System of Central Banks , for instance , guarantees central bank independence and freedom from government influence .
In other words , if a central bank does n't want to sell its gold , in theory it can resist .
The European Central Bank issued an opinion against an Italian government proposal to levy a 6 percent capital gains tax on the central bank 's balance sheet , apparently including its gold holdings , in 2009 .
The ECB noted at the time that the monetary financing prohibition within the Treaty “ is of key importance to ensuring the primary monetary policy objective of price stability , which must not be impeded ” , GFMS senior analyst Rhona O'Connell said .
“ We ca n't rule out the possibility of other banks trying to find a way of mobilizing gold , but history is against it , ” they told the Reuters Global Gold Forum on Thursday .
“ The Bundesbank has had a number of run-ins with the Bundestag on this issue and the bank has always won . So I suspect there would be heavy political pressure , as well as legal difficulties , that would preclude such activity . ”
CAP ON SALES
There is also the issue of how much central banks are actually allowed to sell even if they want to .
The Central Bank Gold Agreement , originally signed in 1999 and currently in its third incarnation , caps gold sales by signatories at 400 metric tons a year .
Disposals have fallen well short of that in recent years , with just 4.2 metric tons of bullion sold so far in the current year of the pact , which runs from last September . Central banks have been net buyers of gold since 2010 .
With the exception of some small sales , chiefly for coin minting , no large-scale disposals have been made by euro zone central banks since France sold 17.4 metric tons of gold in the first half of 2009 .
But if central banks in troubled euro zone states started to sell , that could quickly change .
Leveraging gold does not necessarily have to mean selling it , of course .
Central banks can also swap gold for cash with other central banks or other institutions through a simultaneous sell spot/buy forward transaction , with a view to redeeming it later .
The World Gold Council says methods other than selling may offer better returns for gold holders .
Newly-appointed Cyprus Finance Minister Harris Georgiades speaks during a ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Nicosia , Cyprus April 3 , 2013 . REUTERS/Andreas Manolis
“ It is important that Cyprus explores all the options available to it and outright sales are not the only one,2 a spokesperson for the WGC said . “ We believe that the most effective way for countries to benefit from holding gold is to leverage its gold as collateral for sovereign issuance . ”
“ A gold-backed bond could raise four or five times the value of Cyprus ' current total gold reserves - more than 2 billion euros in today 's money . ”
That does n't mean , though , that troubled countries wo n't look at their gold and see a quick fix .
Games like Galactic Civilizations might be common today but they were still a niche market when the first game in the series came out in 2003 . Entrusting you with the future of humanity , the game thrusts you into an interstellar conflict where humanity 's discovery and sharing of a hyperdrive ; kickstarts a race to colonize the galaxy . The other five major races all cease communication and begin vying with each other to dominate the galaxy .
Sequels built upon this initial formula with the second game introducing an ancient civilization , the Precursors , who once ruled the galaxy before a civil war rent them apart . The Arnor wished to nurture the younger civilizations and enlighten them . The Dread Lords wished to exterminate them . The player now must attempt to salvage Precursor technology , fight galactic wars with the other major powers , and survive the return of the genocidal Dread Lords .
Galactic Civilizations offers several paths to victory , through military conquest , cultural domination , universal alliance , or overwhelming technological supremacy . Each of the playable civilizations has a distinct personality along with unique traits and advantages .
The AI has a series of levels to alter the difficulty . Higher levels of AI will learn from the player and tailor their fleets to repulse their opponents .
The biggest difference between this and other 4X games is its economic system . Most 4X strategy games receive money through taxes . Galactic Civilizations II instead requires that the income of an empire is used to pay for all forms of production . It is essential that players balance their income with their industrial output lest they go broke .
The games are significantly moddable and this is supported by both the developer and fans . Those who enjoy this game would do well to try out other 4X space strategy games to see how they 've built upon the genre that Galactic Civilizations is a key part of .
A moment of silence remembering the September 11 victims at a Pentagon memorial service began early in order to accommodate a restless President Obama , a Department of Defense official told The Daily Caller .
A source close to the situation told TheDC that Obama arrived early to the memorial service — which took place at the Pentagon — and wanted to get things started early .
A Department of Defense official confirmed that the moment of silence was moved up a few minutes and that Obama was the one who made the decision , saying the president “ moved early. ” ( RELATED : Video Shows Hillary Going Limp , Being Carried Into Van )
The moment of silence was originally slotted to take place at 9:37 AM — the time at which the Pentagon was attacked on September 11 — but ended up taking place a few minutes early .
After the moment of silence , President Obama gave a speech about the need to honor the 3,000 victims of September 11 .
“ The question before us , as always , is : How do we preserve the legacy of those we lost ? How do we live up to their example ? And how do we keep their spirit alive in our own hearts ? ” the president said .
“ We resolve to continue doing everything in our power to protect this country that we love . And today , we once again pay tribute to these patriots , both military and civilian , who serve in our name , including those far away from home in Afghanistan and Iraq ” they went on to say .
“ Perhaps most of all , we stay true to the spirit of this day by defending not only our country , but also our ideals . Fifteen years into this fight , the threat has evolved . With our stronger defenses , terrorists often attempt attacks on a smaller , but still deadly , scale . Hateful ideologies urge people in their own country to commit unspeakable violence . We 've mourned the loss of innocents from Boston to San Bernardino to Orlando . ”
WATCH :
This story has been updated with additional information .
Follow Hasson on Twitter @ PeterJHasson
The phenomenon of virtual assistants is one of the more fascinating developments of the internet age , in a world made flat by rapid communication developments . Such assistants , often working from some remote location , can be an invaluable asset to busy people . Japan is known for having an abundance of busy people , and one Tokyo startup is hoping that this translates into a direct need for virtual assistants in the country . Kaori-san is web-based virtual assistant that allows you to submit a certain amount of requests per month and get results back quickly .
It 's amazingly expensive to try and hire part time staff in Japan , the fees are insane .
This initiative is led by Ejovi Nuwere , who with a very small team of three ( including himself ) is running this new virtual service . It enlists the help of about a dozen bilingual , remote assistants in Tokyo and Osaka , typically former or part-time office ladies .
I submitted a couple of Kaori-san requests using the free trial , and I was pretty happy with the results . Given that the cheapest plan is 2,980 yen per month ( about $ 30 ) , one request works out to be about $ 6 – which I think is a pretty fair price for the work that was done . Other examples of Kaori-san requests include things like finding and booking a car to take you to the airport , or tracking down a photo studio under a given budget .
So who uses Kaori-san ? While Ejovi could n't disclose any user numbers , they did say that it 's still under 500 . But they do see a big opportunity in serving both small businesses and busy executives :
The small business market in Japan is one of the largest in the world . There is big market opportunity within the sub five-person startup . It 's a market totally ignored by large recruiting firms , but it 's our focus . And we really understand that market because we are that market ! It 's amazingly expensive to try and hire part time staff in Japan , the fees are insane . Its almost like recruiting firms do n't want to work with startups .
When I tried the service , the interface looked very much like a tech support system , where you log a support ticket and it remains open until you get an answer . And just as with those systems , you can then provide feedback , or close the ticket if you are satisfied .
It 's all very , very simple .
So I was curious to read the claim on the Kaori-san website that “ Using technology
we can provide a personalized experience for a reasonable price . ”
But where is this technology ? I mean , could n't this sort of simple ticketing be conducted with even a web form , a spreadsheet , and a group of competent Googlers ? I asked Ejovi about this , and they elaborated about what happens behind the scenes :
From a technology standpoint as we have more customers we gradually build a database of common internal request , vendors related to specific request types , vendor reviews and communication tools that make our responses faster and more accurate with time . We also keep logs on customer preferences , so even with 100 assistants the experience for the customer will always feel personal . And the more the customer uses the service , the more personal it feels .
They also point out that Kaori-san features integration with services like Evernote and Gengo , and there is also a payments system that lets them pay third-party vendors on behalf of users . And there are even more integrations to come down the road .
If we ca n't build something people are willing to pay for on day one , it 's not interesting to me
Currently Ejovi keeps office space at Venture Generation , noting they sold a small amount of equity to J-Seed and David Dacus as angels , since they valued their advice and wanted them involved . But they note that they believe strongly in organic growth , saying “ If we ca n't build something people are willing to pay for on day one , it 's not interesting to me ” . In the first three to six months , they add , the only thing that is important is getting – and keeping – customers .
I 'm told that in the future , they plan to increase the services they offer for startups and busy executives , with some new features on the way in the next three months . While they could n't elaborate too much on this , Ejovi noted that “ assistants are only the beginning . ”
As it exists right now , Kaori-san is an interesting offering . It may not be entirely obvious to some potential users how they might take advantage of the service , but if you are a busy person being slowed down by some tedious tasks , I encourage you to give it a try and see if it 's a good fit for you .
Once again thanks for your explanation Brano.Further questions arise for me and I have added an idea below if you wish to read it1 ) How will multiple land classes that exist in real world be added to one Blue Marble area when in one area it has a certain shading to it ? 2 ) How will you implement spacially placing objects/land elements globally and randomly to sit at certain ground levels and will this be for 3rd party developers to utilise ? 3 ) Will you have every vegetation and land class feature available in the engine by default as per real world , if not , how will missed ones be added in future ? 4 ) Will global vector data for shorelines , roads , and railways be implemented in the engine by default or will there be separate data that end users can `` copy into a directory '' but you will provide that are translated by the engine ( this has never really been clear for me ) .5 ) Will you add a feature into the engine to allow an end user to create , for example , 25,000 world airports by using co-ordinates for each runway and have the engine read this ? is there a file type that can be read by the engine and manipulated by the end user to add this data into some sort of table then place the runways ( in this case ) over the globe ? Or even more specific how will multiple buildings such as airports be added globally or would this be a job for 3rd party developers and would the engine just provide to tools ? 6 ) do you ever get to relax after such mind intensive work ? My idea for Blue Marble and land classification : Assuming you have n't thought of this would the Biome mixer allow for tagging the Blue Marble data so that each different shade of colour not only represents a certain vegetation type for example but also tells the mixer what to put in a specific place so that if there were two different types of vegetation or other elements in one place it could apply those two things based on the corresponding tag for the Blue Marble colour ? Blue Marble could have `` tagged '' areas . This way you could input more than just one corresponding vegetation type or even rocks , small grassy areas , foliage etc ... into one area of the Blue Marble section that may not exist with the colour data alone.If this basic idea worked would n't this allows some flexibility to add other elements in those areas in terms of spacially placing different vegetations and landclass types globally and randomly within a specific type of area I.E forests could have small bushes and broken branches in them as well to increase immersion but will be added to the Biome colour using the idea of tagging.The tagging could allow for certain objects to be placed randomly in certain areas of the globe based on what an elements tag is . There could even be grouped tagging to say that this set of objects fall into x tag group so that when they are perhaps put into a mixer they would be placed globally and randomly . Obviously there will be certain heights at which these items would be placed so this would need consideration.I suppose you could call `` axillary datasets '' by their tag so everything has a tag that can be called in each algorithim that way tags could be increased and a standard is set on how to place multiple elements using Blue Marble so that the world wo n't be too linear in each area because in real life we all know there are random little bushes here and there , shelter belts and other random foliage all over the place when it comes to specific land classification areas.If there are areas in the world that naturally have had fossils , ancient buildings , relics , etc ... they could be placed there . Now this is starting to move outside of the engine itself but with this concept a reality in the engine it could allow for further 3rd party expansion.Just an idea really and you may already have your way to do things I understand you have spent a good part of your time working out.Water , yes , I see how this is coloured , obviously due to the absorption and scattering of light.So I do understand the angle you are coming from which calls for the best fit approach constrained by hardware limitations and coding efficiency . I guess it is finding the best fit when it comes to land features as each aspect of the real world you want to simulate excluding one or two would entail a cpu thread to start working harder.Thanks for your time to answer my questions and explain the ins and outs of the engine as we all enjoy absorbing your science inside the Outerra engine during its maturity . That 's it for now so i 'll leave you to get back to line 990,000,000,000,000 of your codeRegards , Kelvin
Hubbard College of Administration International is an unaccredited [ 3 ] school that teaches administration using methods developed by Church of Scientology founder , L. Ron Hubbard . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] The headquarters for the school is located at 320 North Vermont Avenue , Los Angeles , California 90004 . The school began operations in 1990 and its current headquarters were established in 2001 . [ citation needed ] It is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) public charity , and as a religious organization does not file an annual return , [ 8 ] however it states itself to be a `` secular educational institution '' . [ 9 ]
Admission requirements [ edit ]
Students are not required to have a high school diploma to gain early admission and start taking courses at the school . Students are not required to take the ACT or SAT tests to gain admission . The school does have an application form that must be completed and submitted with a $ 150 fee . The school requests letters of recommendation and says it tests students for IQ , leadership qualities , and reading level . The admission process may also include interviews to determine an applicant 's qualifications and desire to further his/her education .
Programs offered [ edit ]
The school grants a `` Specialized Associate Degree Program '' which it calls , `` Associate of Applied Science Degree of Management and Administration '' . The school also offers `` Continuing Education Certificate Programs '' . There also exist a number of `` Public Workshops and Corporate Programs '' which are short courses on specific topics . The school also provides WISE certificate programs ; WISE being a Scientology-affiliated business group . [ 10 ]
Hubbard College of Administration Is now in the process of being accredited . [ citation needed ]
Cost [ edit ]
As of October , 2006 , the tuition for the `` degree program '' costs $ 30,179 ; books and supplies cost $ 2,643.28 ; the total cost is $ 32,852.28 . Costs for the continuing education programs range from ~ $ 3000 to ~ $ 18,000 . Costs of public workshops and corporate programs are ~ $ 250 . WISE certificate programs range from ~ $ 6000 to $ 8000 . [ citation needed ]
The school 's website says that financial aid is available , however , since the school is not accredited , students are not eligible to participate in any federally-funded financial aid programs , such as Pell Grants , Perkins Loans , or any other government assisted loan programs .
As of January , 2015 , the tuition for the `` degree program '' costs $ 52,000–books and supplies excluded .
Teaching [ edit ]
The school teaches a method of business administration developed by L. Ron Hubbard . The school uses a teaching method called `` Study Technology '' , also developed by Hubbard , as a method of teaching its students . The school does not have semesters or terms . Students can begin taking courses at any time of the year and they may attend either full-time or part-time . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Netflix is still capitalizing on their huge success of Narcos which won over fans and critics alike as the show focuses on the rise of the cocaine trade in Colombia and the gripping , yet brutal , real-life stories of drug kingpins .
Many are speculating which cartel leaders will feature for the upcoming season four of the show and the most likely name that has been thrown around is Amado Carrillo Fuentes .
Fuentes was nicknamed the ‘ Lord of the Skies ' as they were well-known for their use of aircraft to fly cocaine from Colombia to Mexico before smuggling it across the border into the United States . Fuentes is regarded as one of the wealthiest criminals in history , with an estimated net worth of US $ 25 billion .
Following the death of Pablo Escobar , Fuentes had taken over from the Medellin cartel as well as Colombia 's other major cartel in Cali , and they became the biggest shipper of cocaine – making an estimated $ 100m a month . Thousands were spent paying off local , state and federal government officials so their shipments could get through .
Although their final days soon came when they discovered the Mexican and U.S. authorities were tracking them down . In 1997 , aged 40-years-old , they died in a Mexican hospital after undergoing extensive plastic surgery to change their appearance in order to hide from the authorities .
They have already appeared briefly in one episode of Narcos in season three – when the Juarez head and Cali Cartel 's Pacho Herrera met them to discuss future shipments…
Pedro Pascal , who has played the role of DEA Agent Javier Peña since season one , suggested that the fourth season will only happen if there are guarantees that it can be made “ safe ” .
Their concerns come after location scout Carlos Muñoz Portal was shot dead while working in Mexico earlier this month for the show . Pascal told TMZ , “ We ca n't do it if it 's not safe . We 're talking about lives . If they want to do it , then they 'll figure it out in a safe way . ”
Netflix said in their statement , “ We are aware of the passing of Carlos Muñoz Portal , a well-respected location scout , and send our condolences to their family .
“ The facts surrounding their death are still unknown as authorities continue to investigate . ”
LOS ANGELES — California and Texas are at war , and Donald Trump is one of the reasons why .
Trading broadsides on everything from tax and climate policy to a California ban on state-sponsored travel to the Lone Star State , the two poles of American politics have in recent days revived a feud that lay dormant since Texas ' former California-baiting governor , Rick Perry , left the statehouse in 2015 .
Story Continued Below
Its revival is a product of California 's prominent proselytizing as a counterpoint to the Trump agenda — and of a Republican presidency that has forced Texas conservatives to look beyond the White House for a foil .
“ Texas is an easy punching bag for liberals . California is an easy punching bag for conservatives , ” said Kevin Shuvalov , a Houston-based strategist who served as George W. Bush 's regional political director in 2000 .
Placing a telephone call across state lines last week , they sighed , “ How are things inside California 's Berlin Wall ? ”
The renewed animus between the nation 's first- and second-most populous states picked up recently in Texas , when state Attorney General Ken Paxton lit into California 's insurance commissioner for requiring insurance companies to disclose investments in fossil fuels .
Two days later , Paxton 's counterpart in California added Texas and three other states to its list of places to which California prohibits state-sponsored travel . Lawmakers in Austin floated the possibility of retaliating with a ban of their own , and Texas Gov . Greg Abbott met California with a sneer .
`` California may be able to stop their state employees , ” Abbott spokesperson John Wittman said in an email . “ But they ca n't stop all the businesses that are fleeing over taxation and regulation and relocating to Texas . ''
The most reliable politics newsletter . Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
The antipathy between California and Texas would have been unrecognizable for much of the past century , when Texas sent Lyndon Johnson to the White House and Republicans remained a force in California . But Texas has not gone for a Democratic presidential candidate since 1976 , while California long ago shed its strain of Sun Belt conservatism and careened toward the left .
Now each state is its party 's bulwark , the largest source of electoral votes for either Hillary Clinton or Trump last year . They stand at opposite ends of the ideological landscape : One that is progressive , agnostic and committed to expanding its public institutions , and the other that is conservative , God-fearing and resentful of the reach of government .
“ I certainly know why politicians like to talk up the rivalry , ” said Chuck DeVore , a former California lawmaker who now lives in Texas and works at the Texas Public Policy Foundation . “ You 've got the two biggest states , where one out of every five Americans lives . And then , they have these diametrically opposed visions of governing . ”
DeVore , a Republican , recalls giving floor speeches in the California Assembly in the 2000s heralding Texas ' more conservative tax policies . But it was Perry 's knack for publicity that sent the rivalry to new heights . Sweeping into California for well-publicized meetings with business executives , Perry in 2013 aired ads on California radio stations criticizing the state 's business climate and encouraging companies to flee to Texas .
At the time , California Gov . Jerry Brown dismissed the advertising campaign as “ barely a fart. ” But the feud has found fresh air in Paxton 's entanglement with California 's insurance commissioner and in the uproar surrounding California 's ban on state-sponsored travel to the Lone Star State .
“ The thing that has probably made it a little more acute is that … they no longer have Obama to kick around , ” said Dave Jones , the California insurance commissioner . “ So they 've decided for the benefit of their home town audiences to send some salvos toward California . ”
Jones , a Democrat who is running for state attorney general , called Paxton 's threat of litigation over their fossil fuel disclosure policy “ ludicrous , ” saying it smacked of “ political theater at its worst . ”
But Paxton was only getting started . Three days after assailing Jones , amid their office 's standard raft of statements on legal matters , Paxton issued a gleeful assessment of a Texas Association of Realtors report finding that 65,546 Californians moved to Texas in 2015 , compared with 41,713 Texans who moved to California .
“ The data in this report came as no surprise to Texans , especially those who have transplanted from California , ” Paxton said . “ I talk to people almost every day who made the trek from California to Texas , and without fail , they tell me their move is due to either greater job opportunities , much lower-priced housing , an escape from a left-coast political climate , or just a better quality of culture and life . ”
For Republicans , the sentiment rang true . Even in California , Texas so fully represents a conservative Shangri-La that Paul Chabot , a former Republican congressional candidate , drew widespread attention this year when they opened “ Conservative Move , ” a service to help conservatives escape liberal enclaves and relocate , as they did , to Texas .
The movement of residents between California and Texas has become a point of fascination in both states , as have other economic indicators . Earlier this year , the Sacramento Bee analyzed U.S. Census Bureau data in a story with the headline , “ California exports its poor to Texas , other states , while wealthier people move in. ” The Houston Chronicle , noting California 's higher wages , lower unemployment and faster economic growth , last month carried the headline , “ In the Texas vs. California rivalry , California is winning . ”
“ It 's a mismatch , because we attract people with graduate degrees who want to work with Nobel Prize winners and invent the future , ” former California Gov . Gray Davis said . “ We 're losing the working-class jobs , which I regret , but what we 're gaining are people with doctorate degrees , people who want to be doctors , people who want to work in coding , Silicon Valley , any kind of technological or creative industries . So we 're getting the better of the deal . ”
Davis , a Democrat , characterized the red-state , blue-state rivalry as a one-sided affair , saying , “ I think most of the sniping comes from Texas . ”
“ When you 're No . 1 , it does n't do you a lot of good to pick on No . 2 , ” they said . “ When you 're No . 2 , like Avis , you 've got to try harder . ”
Yet the row between Texas and California rests not only on economic competition , which dates to the postwar economic boom , but to cultural differences , too . And on the values front , California has become an aggressor .
Last month , California Attorney General Xavier Becerra moved to prohibit state-sponsored travel to Texas and three other states for policies they said are discriminatory — in Texas ' case , for a new law allowing adoption agencies to deny services to people who are gay or transgender .
California Assemblyman Marc Berman , a Democrat who was born in Dallas , said , “ There comes a time when you have to take a stand on issues . ”
While praising their native state for its country music and barbecue , Berman said , “ I think it 's outweighed by anti-LGBT , anti-immigrant policies put forth by their state legislature . ”
It is unclear what response , if any , will be taken to the travel ban by Texas lawmakers and their governor , who has warned before of efforts to “ California-ize ” Texas .
Dustin Burrows , a Texas state representative who suggested a reciprocal prohibition on state-funded travel to California , said , “ Now that they have taken the proverbial first shot across the bow , it 's Texas ' turn to decide how they want to look at it . ”
“ We 're not going to ever let California decide our culture or public policy , ” Burrows said . “ I could n't imagine the implications if we opened that door . ”
But Shuvalov , the Republican strategist in Houston , said a détente may be in order following a travel restriction that they said goes “ a bit far . ”
“ It 's an escalation that we probably should step back from and not , as united states , you know , start attacking each other economically , ” they said .
They added , “ I 'd be embarrassed if our governor did it . ”
SANTO DOMINGO , Dominican Republic — The Sinaloa cartel , Mexico 's largest drug-smuggling organization , is working with Dominican criminal groups to establish a Caribbean trafficking route , Dominican and US officials said .
In recent months , Dominican officials have blamed the Mexican group for a handful of murders and stealing a corporate jet under the cloak of early-morning darkness from an airport here . The jet , which was later recovered in Venezuela , was going to be used to transport cocaine from South America , officials said .
The Sinaloa presence was confirmed when authorities , working with the US Drug Enforcement Agency , the DEA , arrested a Mexican national and confessed Sinaloa member . During interrogation , Luis Fernando Bertolucci Castillo admitted to having a direct line to reputed cartel boss Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman . They were later extradited to the US to face drug charges late last year .
“ The Sinaloa cartel is seeking to create a route to Europe using the Dominican Republic , ” Dominican Ambassador to the US Anibal de Castro said this month , citing Bertolucci 's statement . That marked the government 's first public acknowledgement of the group 's presence .
Read more : Mexico 's drug war by the numbers
The cartel members are also seeking logistical support from Dominicans , according to a member of the Dominican National Direcorate for Drug Control , a branch of the military that combats trafficking , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
That includes relying on Dominicans to provide them with small planes for drug flights from the southern Venezuelan state of Apure , as well as obtaining precursors to synthetic drugs such as amphetamines used for crystal meth , the source said .
So far , the group 's presence appears limited to small cells . However , Sinaloa 's mere existence adds a level of complexity to a country already struggling with a handful of international criminal groups . It also suggests cartels are examining the Caribbean as a supplement to the preferred Central America-Mexico route — a shift US officials have feared .
The Obama administration has warned that the drug war in Mexico would push cartels to increasingly run drugs through the Caribbean . The islands were the preferred routes for notorious kingpins like Pablo Escobar in the 1980s until a US crackdown pushed the trade toward Mexico .
The DEA and officials in the State Department believe Mexican cartels are looking to gain greater control of turf outside the Central America and Mexico corridor , which receive the bulk of US focus and financial support .
“ The handwriting is on the wall . We can see the train . It is coming down the tracks . They will return ” to the Caribbean , Assistant Secretary of State William R. Brownfield told a US Senate subcommittee in November . “ We know we 're going to have to deal with this crisis again . It is in our interest , in fact it would be the height of folly and stupidity for us , not to prepare for it now and in advance . ”
Yet , funding for the chief US program to combat drug trafficking in the region , the Caribbean Security Basin Initiative , dropped to $ 73 million in the current fiscal year from $ 77 million last year . By comparison , Secretary of State Hilary Clinton pledged $ 300 million in funding to Central American countries during a conference last year in Guatemala .
Officials across the Caribbean say they lack the money and training necessary to combat an increase in the drug trade . Some 10 percent of the cocaine bound for the US passes through the islands , with the vast majority still traveling through Central America and Mexico , according to estimates .
Read more : Drug addiction surges in Dominican Republic
Traffickers largely utilize go-fast boats , capable of carrying more than 4,000 pounds of cocaine , to transport drugs .
However , throughout the Caribbean , other , more inventive methods are on the rise , according to the DEA .
Among them , traffickers attach “ torpedo-shaped tubes or metal boxes ” full of cocaine , heroin , or other drugs to the underside of cargo ships . Divers are sent to retrieve the drugs once the ships arrive .
The Dominican Republic has long been central to the Caribbean drug trade . Some estimates have found 7 percent of cocaine bound for the US and 11 percent of cocaine bound for Europe is shipped through the island of Hispaniola , shared by the DR and Haiti .
For years , drug traffickers had been bombing the island with bundles of cocaine thrown from small planes . The drugs were then taken by fast boats to Puerto Rico or elsewhere .
The Dominican military had significantly reduced the number of flights when it began deploying Brazilian-made Embraer Super Tucano turboprop aircraft last year .
Illicit drug flights from South America to the Caribbean — predominantly to the Dominican Republic — fell from 123 in 2008 to 28 in 2010 , according to estimates based on US monitoring of airspace supplied to GlobalPost .
The reduction in flights “ has resulted in redoubled efforts by traffickers to use maritime methods such as go-fast boats , privately-owned fishing and recreational vehicles , and cargo containers , ” de Castro said .
Colombians , Venezuelans and Puerto Ricans , working with Dominicans , use the maritime route to move drugs from South America to Puerto Rico , where it can easily enter the US via the eastern seaboard , or to Europe .
The Sinaloa presence adds another dimension to the government 's fight against trafficking , said Lilian Bobea , a Dominican sociologist who studies the illicit drug trade .
“ The Mexican presence is still incipient , but it presents a challenge for the [ anti-narcotics ] authorities . They are familiar with Colombians and Venezuelans and Puerto Ricans . They do n't have experience with Mexicans , ” Bobea said .
Authorities are already struggling with a spiking crime wave they say is caused by the drug trade .
In a country with a murder rate roughly three times that of the United States , officials attribute 40 percent of killings to drug-related violence . Late last year , for example , three Colombians , a Spaniard and a Venezuelan all allegedly tied to the drug trade turned up dead after a deal went bad .
And the agencies responsible for combatting trafficking have been riddled with corruption . In 2010 , 134 agents from the anti-narcotics directorate were removed due to misconduct — most was related to suspected involvement with traffickers .
The Sinaloa cartel , with its notoriously violent streak and ability to corrupt , would bring a dangerous new element for Dominican authorities .
“ It 's difficult to say what role they will play . But it 's clearly something to be worried about , ” they said .
German luxury carmaker Mercedes-Benz today reported its best ever quarterly sales in India at 3,521 units in April-June , a growth of 18 per cent over the same period of previous fiscal .
The company had sold 2,975 vehicles in April-June period of 2016 .
In January-June , the company sold record 7,171 units , a growth of 8.7 per cent over 6,597 units sold in the same period of last year .
`` We continue our leadership position in the Indian luxury car market . This sales performance further strengthens our customer centric strategy , which is bearing fruit , '' Mercedes- Benz India MD and CEO Roland Folger said in a statement .
The company is confident of its leadership in the market by sustaining this growth story in the remaining quarters as well , they added .
The demand for the long wheelbase E-Class in particular has contributed immensely to the company 's volumes during the period under review , Folger said . `` The luxury SUV segment comprising GLA , GLC , GLE and the GLS grew strongly and recorded a robust 31 per cent growth in January-June of 2017 , '' Folger said .
The successful run of the new generation cars , in particular the CLA and the GLA continues across markets and added new young customers to the brand 's increasing customer base , they added .
Visitors to the Lake Wales Cemetery have been surprised to see neon orange warning flags on several gravesites . They appear after Tim Williams , cemetery superintendent , scours the cemetery once a month for any code violations .
LAKE WALES | Visitors to the Lake Wales Cemetery have been surprised to see neon orange warning flags on several gravesites .
They appear after Tim Williams , cemetery superintendent , scours the cemetery once a month for any code violations .
Figurines , lights and anything made of glass or ceramic placed on gravestones in Lake Wales ' cemetery result in a small flag being planted next to them .
Zailet Suri , the administrative assistant with the city 's cemetery division , said it has been this way since 1996 , when a committee was formed to bring order to the cemetery at 630 U.S. 27 N .
Suri said cemetery staff might have been somewhat lenient in the past , but no longer .
`` It used to be where anything could be done prior to 1996 , but after 1996 they changed the rules and regulations , '' Suri said . `` The flags can be for anything from a ceramic vase , glass vase or silk flowers stuck in the ground . ''
Suri said the reason is safety .
`` When we go around weed-eating , if the Weed Eater hits those items , it shatters them , '' they said . `` That is not just hazardous to us , but hazardous to anybody who is visiting the grave site and not necessarily just that grave site because the glass can go anywhere . ''
The flags stay for 30 days . If the offending items are not removed by then , the city removes them . Faded silk flowers were previously removed without any notification . Flags now are being used to notify families .
Additionally , gravestones that become too dirty or covered in fungus must be cleaned or a flag will be placed there , also . The city wants the family to clean the gravestones because it does n't want to be liable for damage . A bulletin board outside the cemetery office displays the complete list of rules for flowers and grave decorations .
Flags also will be placed next to the temporary markers that funeral homes place by the grave if it is not replaced by a headstone in six months . However , Suri said they respect religions like Judaism where stones are not erected until a year after the person 's death .
Since `` not all families have $ 200 , $ 300 , $ 400 , to spend on a headstone , '' Suri said , the city sells and installs personalized memorial bricks for $ 35 .
Although the rules may be strict , Suri said , they keep the cemetery looking its best . They added that when construction on the new and currently unnamed cemetery in Lake Wales is complete , another committee will be formed to create new rules there . The new cemetery will be on a plot of land north of Hunt Brothers Road . Suri said they expect the rules to be even more strict than those at Lake Wales cemetery .
`` You ca n't please everybody , '' Suri said , acknowledging some people 's frustration with the rules .
Lance Ferguson can be reached at 863-401-6981 or lance.ferguson @ newschief.com .
An irate headteacher reported one of their pupils to the police and tried to scupper the youngster 's chances of getting into university after reading a blog post that slammed their school .
Jacques Szemalikowski , principal of Hampstead School in North London , refused to allow 19-year-old Kinnan Zaloom to come and collect their A-level exam results after the teen slagged off the school on a blog called The Hampstead Trash .
Zaloom 's site is packed full of snarky , sweary attacks on the comprehensive , which they described as a `` fucking disgrace '' .
Szemalikowski told the Camden New Journal they decided to try to destroy Zaloom 's chances of attending a good university because they were worried the potty-mouth blogger `` could be developing into an anarchist ” .
The head said they were concerned about `` the fact that Kinnan has mentioned the ideologies of anarchism and individualism on this blog '' .
Szemalikowski continued : “ I must do something . In the last year they have become more and more enchanted by anti-establishment ways of thinking and has even said that there is an inherent risk that every government is corrupt .
`` I phoned Glasgow to warn them what sort of person they were dealing with , to advise them that this person thinks thoughts like these , and they could then make an informed decision . I am duty bound to do that .
`` I also reported what they had written to the police , and the officer I spoke to said they would pass these mad writings of theirs on to a colleague . ”
Hampstead School teaches about 1,300 pupils . Its alumni include novelist Zadie Smith and actor Sadie Frost .
The principal added : `` His posts were scattered with the f-word and c-word and if a student spoke like that in school they would be expelled . So of course I blocked the blog [ from the school 's network ] , and told them never to come back . He 's right , if they had been younger , they would have been expelled . ''
Ironically , in 2011 Szemalikowski used a recording of the “ Sachsgate ” affair in a mock English exam at the school . The recording contained detailed and explicit language used by Russell Brand to describe having sex with Fawlty Towers star Andrew Sachs ' granddaughter , left in a voicemail message to Sachs .
Szemalikowski told the Telegraph at the time : “ The unit is all about how people react to language and the limits of freedom of expression and this was a very famous snippet . It 's all about interpretation . ”
Writing under the pseudonym Sludge , Zaloom 's adolescent rants contain snipes at the school magazine , attacks aimed at the management and claims that the principal was `` playing the school league tables ” .
In a satirical `` obituary '' written after they were banned from school , Zaloom wrote : `` Michael Gove and the previous mindless c * * ts that have held the role of education secretary have made comprehensive state schools into factories for young people . We are not educated , we are inculcated and cultivated to be a society of vacuous consumers . With tuition loans being a thirty-year education tax , we are slaves to the dime . ''
Zaloom did not manage to get the grades necessary to attend Glasgow University and is planning to study mathematics at Portsmouth University instead .
They told the Camden New Journal : “ They said I had brought the school into disrepute . I said that was their opinion , but nothing I had done was illegal so why such severe action ?
`` I was prepared to apologise for the language . But what worries me is if I had been a year younger they said they would have expelled me halfway through my A-levels , and that means they would have been prepared to ruin my education because they did n't like my thoughts .
“ It was useless to call the police because I did n't break the law .
`` I was concerned he 'd called Glasgow because I 'm worried they would go to those lengths of intimidation to control a student 's thoughts . But I was n't too panicked because it turned out I did n't have the grades to get in there anyway . ”
As of Wednesday neither Zaloom nor Szemalikowski had heard back from the police . ®
A popular hot sauce maker in a battle with government officials in California says the U.S. reminds them of communist Vietnam , a country they and their family fled over 30 years ago .
David Tran , the CEO of Huy Fong Foods , told NPR : `` Today , I feel almost the same . Even now , we live in [ the ] USA , and my feeling , the government , not a big difference . ''
Huy Fong Food 's Sriracha , the cult hot sauce , has faced months of red tape and shutdown threats from Irwindale , Calif. , officials after a few dozen residents complained they were suffering from burning eyes , headaches and asthma .
Despite local government disputes , Tran , who has lived in California for 30 years , has decided to stay in their Irwindale factory . However , they are not ruling out opening another Sriracha factory outside of California .
On Monday , Texas state Rep. Jason Villalaba visited the plant in an effort to attract Tran 's business to the Lone Star State .
IDEAS Sarah Weinman is the editor of Women Crime Writers : Eight Suspense Novels of the 1940s & 50s ( Library of America ) .
One hundred and twenty-five years ago the most popular mystery writer ever , with well over two billion copies of their work sold , was born . Over a career that spanned over a half century , Agatha Christie ( 1890-1976 ) published more than 150 short stories ( including the linked collection The Labors of Hercules ) , wildly successful plays like Witness for the Prosecution and The Mousetrap , still playing at London 's West End , and of course , more than 60 novels , featuring beloved detectives like Miss Marple and Hercule Poirot and a dizzying array of mystery plots . Here are five that stand out :
Even with the benefit of 90 years of hindsight and countless imitators , Christie 's culminating twist in this early Hercule Poirot novel pulls the rug out with a level of audacity that leaves new readers breathless and repeat customers eager to see how they did , indeed , play fair throughout . Other notable Poirots : Murder on the Orient Express ( 1934 ) and Evil Under the Sun ( 1941 ) .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The first and utterly pleasurable introduction of Miss Jane Marple , the doyenne of St. Mary Mead and an amateur sleuth of deadpan demeanor and formidable skills . Other notable Marple selections : The Body in the Library ( 1942 ) and The Mirror Crack 'd From Side to Side ( 1962 ) .
There 's a good reason this novel was voted as Christie fans ' all-time favorite in a recent poll : it 's ruthlessly plotted , masterful in tick-tock suspense , and claustrophobic in feel as victims are murdered , one by one .
This , the only historical mystery Christie ever published ( and a precedent-setter for this subgenre ) , is set in Thebes in 2000 BC , drawn from the extensive digs Christie and their second husband , the archaeologist Sir Max Mallowan , conducted over several trips to Egypt and other Middle Eastern spots .
This late-career Christie gem is a real favorite of mine—and , apparently , hers—because it 's more psychological in feel . Think of a cross between Frances Iles ' Malice Aforethought and James M. Cain 's The Postman Always Rings Twice . Yes , it 's that doom-laden .
Sarah Weinman is the editor of Women Crime Writers : Eight Suspense Novels of the 1940s & 50s ( Library of America ) .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Three men will be sentenced this summer after confessing to their roles in holding an undocumented teen girl against their will after smuggling them across the border and then demanding thousands of dollars in additional payments from their father .
Daniel Lopez-Martinez , 32 , of Mexico ; Juan Tomas Nicolas , 23 , of Guatemala ; and Ernesto Solis Jr. , 29 , of Mission , Texas , have pleaded guilty to offenses involving the transportation of an illegal alien for financial gain , U.S. Attorney 's Office spokesperson Joshua Stueve said Tuesday .
A Loudoun County man had sought to reunite with their 17-year-old daughter living in El Salvador , but the men stopped in Houston and demanded an additional $ 4,700 in cash .
The defendants agreed to turn the girl over to the father only after they 'd received and counted the money , Stueve said . The girl was rescued after FBI Agents and Task Force Officers in Houston interceded .
The defendants face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison . Actual sentences for federal crimes are typically less than the maximum penalties , prosecutors note .
Now that recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado , residents are in a bit of a jam : They ca n't legally buy marijuana in the state , but they can legally grow up to six plants in their homes . But what if you do n't have a green thumb ? Well , that 's where THC University comes in -- Colorado 's first professional marijuana cultivation training program .
Talk about higher education .
The weed school is the brainchild of 24-year-old Matt Jones who will hold classes at Denver 's Auraria Campus teaching how to properly grow marijuana from their homes -- and starting February 9th , THCU 's classes will be in session .
`` I think a lot of people just think you plant a seed , and let it go , '' Jones told 9News , but said that the process is much more involved than that . `` You do n't know all the time , where it came from , what exactly you 're getting and where it came from . So this is a great way for you to be able to choose , I want my plants to be soil , I want it to be hydro , I want it to be organic .
Here 's how THC University describes their mission on their website :
We believe there 's never been a better time to learn how to cultivate and care for your own marijuana plants than now . The passing of Amendment 64 allows you to legally possess and grow up to six marijuana plants in the state of Colorado , making marijuana cultivation a legal , rewarding , and cost effective way of producing marijuana for your own medicinal or recreational uses . Our professional marijuana cultivation class will provide you with the knowledge and equipment necessary to confidently start growing your own plants without experiencing as many of the initial growing pains that many first time marijuana growers encounter .
The school offers an `` Associates '' ( one full day class ) , a `` Bachelors '' ( a full day class , diploma and 24/7 support post- '' graduation '' ) and a `` Masters '' package which includes class , 24/7 support and a growth kit so students will have all they need to get growing -- except the plants themselves , THCU does not provide marijuana plants in the classroom or to their students .
`` In reality , all you need is a space the size of a small closet , materials from the hardware store , and time , '' a press release announcing the formation of THCU read . `` How much time depends , people trying to grow for their first time without any education or experience will suffer a lot of learning curves , burning the plants , too much , or not enough nutrients , php levels , etc . People who know what they are doing spend only a few minutes a day tending their plants . ''
THC University is the first of its kind in Colorado but other marijuana industry training programs have sprouted up in states like California where medical marijuana is legal , the most well-known being Oaksterdam which was raided by federal agents in April of last year , seizing much of its property . Soon after the raid , the university 's founder , Richard Lee , stepped down . Though Oaksterdam has relocated , since Lee 's departure , resources have continued to diminish .
In December , Gov . John Hickenlooper signed Amendment 64 into the state constitution making marijuana officially legal in Colorado .
Then just days later , President Barack Obama made their clearest statements about their plans for the passage of recreational marijuana measures passed in Colorado and Washington in November of last year , saying to Barbara Walters that prosecuting adult pot users in states that have legalized the drug wo n't be a top priority for their administration . Marijuana remains illegal under federal law .
`` We 've got bigger fish to fry , '' Obama told ABC News ' Barbara Walters . `` It would not make sense for us to see a top priority as going after recreational users in states that have determined that it 's legal . ''
Before the interview , the Obama administration suggested that it was considering plans to undermine the voter initiatives and in their interview with Walters , Obama did not say whether their administration would go after producers and suppliers of marijuana in those states . The administration has cracked down aggressively on the medical marijuana industry in states like California and Colorado , despite its legality in those states .
A majority of Americans want the Department of Justice to leave pot smokers alone in the states where the drug has been legalized , according to a HuffPost/YouGov poll .
For more information about marijuana 's legality in Colorado , read The Huffington Post 's interview with Brian Vicente , the co-director of the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol , the pot advocacy group behind Amendment 64 . Vicente answers many of the common questions about the new law .
Time Warner shareholders have overwhelmingly voted to approve the media conglomerate 's upcoming sale to AT & T . The companies still must earn government approval for the $ 85.4 billion sale , but they have publicly said that they expect that the deal will close by the end of 2017 .
Time Warner said Wednesday that 78 % of the outstanding shares of common stock favored the pact — 99 % of which were cast approved of the proposal .
In a statement , Time Warner chairperson-CEO Jeff Bewkes said the combined companies will be stronger together , with AT & T 's vast distribution network of cellphone and mobile devices benefiting from Time Warner 's movies and TV shows .
“ In addition to providing shareholders with immediate value and the ability to participate in the upside of the combined company , the deal advances our long-term operational strategy , ” said Bewkes . “ By combining Time Warner 's leading brands and video content with AT & T 's distribution , we will accelerate our ability to innovate , develop and deliver the next generation of video services , making our content even more valuable to consumers and business partners . ”
On the campaign trail , President Trump slammed the deal , saying they opposed it out of concern that it would concentrate too much power into one entity . They have been silent on the merger since assuming office although they and their administration have had a running feud with Time Warner 's CNN . It will fall to the Justice Department to decide whether the deal is permissible on anti-trust grounds and if any conditions should be imposed on AT & T as a condition of securing federal approval .
Slightly Mad Studios has returned with the follow up of Project Cars . For those unfamiliar , the first game was talked up to be the best racing simulator yet , but upon release , it was plagued with bugs , glitches , and questionable physics . With this sequel , they 're looking to right their wrongs .
For starters , the tire model is completely redone . This time around , the sidewalls flex and bend , and supposedly the overall chemistry of the tire changes as you slide . Hopefully this makes catching a car in a slide a little more life-like . This might sound rather small , but sometimes a fresh set of tires can make all the difference .
Next , the weather and time dynamics were heavily touted , specifically the newly improved fluid dynamics where the water actually pools into puddles in the same spots it would in real life . In fact , if you were to block a drain with your tire , the water would actually begin to pool up around the tire . Slightly Mad also talked about how you can now experience different seasons , including a little bit of snow in the winter , and how the sun accurately moves in the sky .
In conjunction with the weather , all of the surrounding track details are just as they should be in real life . When the sun goes down , the lights will come on in different buildings around the track , just as they would in real life . The representative explained how it was necessary to replicate the details around the track , because if you used a certain tree on the side of the track as your braking point in the real world , they wanted to have that same tree in that same spot in the game . There 's a lot of attention to detail here , which is never a bad thing .
They also boasted about how they have the largest track roster of any racing game on console , have multiple eSports affiliations , and have licensing from high-end automobile manufacturers such as Ferrari , McLaren , and Porsche . There 's also the newly acquired Indycar rights , which adds some oval and road racing in some of the fastest race cars there are ; oval racing is a welcome addition to those who were looking for some in the first entry . All of this means that there can be a lot of options and a lot of good competition .
Continuing wirh the idea of good competition , Slightly Mad introduced a way to match people based on how cleanly they drive , similar to a Safety Rating in iRacing . This will let you play against people who either want to wreck , or who want to race . It all depends on how you drive . Online lobbies can also be set to only allow other racers with a higher rating .
Now , I did have a few uncertainties about the game . During the presentation , there was a lot of emphasis on how the cars and tires were all improved , but there was no mention about the aerodynamics , or how cars handles on water or dirt/snow . I had wanted to test an Indycar around Indianapolis to figure out the aerodynamics , as when an Indycar is in traffic , it 's not getting the same levels of downforce , making it harder to corner . Unfortunately this was n't available in the demo provided , and the demo did n't have any aero-sensitive moments in it .
I can say that the demo already felt better than the first entry . I drove a McLaren 720s on a dry track , and the overall experience left me wanting to try more . The AI was a little blind to where I was at times , but it was n't quite as bad as some other games are . There 's still a bit of time left for the game to be improved , and I hope it is .
Overall , there 's a lot of promise here . Slightly Mad kept emphasizing how this is a big step forward , and that while their competition was busy catching up , they were busy moving forward . This includes adding the insane option of 12K resolution for PC . Project Cars 2 can certainly go toe-to-toe with other console racers such as Forza 7 and Gran Turismo Sport , but how it compares to Assetto Corsa or iRacing is still unknown .
Project Cars 2 is due for a worldwide release on September 22nd 2017 .
You 've probably heard the adage that your next job is likely to come from someone you know . While people find work through a variety of channels , your network may be more important than you realize .
By analyzing hiring and networking data on LinkedIn , we uncovered how connections between members impact the way companies bring on new employees . On average , 16 % of new hires were already connected to someone at the company prior to joining . For example , if your company hired 100 people , then on average , 16 of those new hires were connected to someone at your company before they came onboard .
Many of these connected hires could have been formal referrals . However , it 's likely that many more were simply people who learned about the job opportunity from their professional network .
Making professional connections is extremely valuable . If you are one of the many people looking to make an industry transition , get to know people in your desired industry by going to professional events , asking for introductions , or by being a shameless opportunist .
Based on our analysis , the industries below hire the most from their employee networks :
And on the opposite end of the spectrum are the industries that hire the least from their employee networks .
A few trends caught our attention when analyzing the data :
Highly-specialized technical industries tend to hire from their networks more often than average . Employers in these industries are often looking for people with expertise in specific skills , and their current employees are likely to know people who share those specific skills - possibly attending the same schools , having worked together previously , or met at networking events in their field . These are also industries where referral bonuses can often be quite sizable . The computer and network security industry fits all of these descriptors , and is currently a hot field as a result of recent , high-profile attacks . One downside to this intensely narrow focus on specialized skills could be lack of diversity in the company - something the tech industry is regularly criticized for - which gets prominently featured in our top 10 .
When relationships drive deals , people hire from their networks . In venture capital , political organizations , and management consulting industries , roughly 1 out of 4 new hires come from employee networks . These are industries where relationships are important to closing deals and winning clients , so it 's not surprising that they also look to their extensive networks when it 's time to hire .
Retail , apparel and restaurant industries are less likely to hire from within their networks , with only 7-10 % of hires coming from employee networks . These are often industries where students and new professionals with less-developed networks find their first employment opportunities . For jobs that rely heavily on inbound applications and formalized candidate screening processes , it 's not surprising that network hiring is less prevalent here .
Whether you 're looking for an opportunity at a growing startup or an established enterprise , networking is going to make a difference . We found that the percent of hires that come from employee networks is roughly the same regardless of company size .
As we continue to develop the Economic Graph , a digital representation of the global economy , we hope to empower our members by helping them make better career decisions , get new jobs , grow their business , and achieve economic opportunity .
Methodological details : The results of this analysis represent the world seen through the lens of LinkedIn data . As such , it is influenced by how members choose to use the site , which can vary based on professional , social , and regional culture , as well as overall site availability and accessibility . These variances were not accounted for in the analysis .
We isolated every member who created a new position at a new company during the month of October 2014 . Then , we analyzed their connection history up to that point to determine if they connected with someone at their new company at least six months prior to starting the position . To produce the percentages above , members were aggregated by their new company 's industry and compared to the total number of new hires made during the month of October .
Earlier this summer , we covered a report suggesting that the majority of corporate data loss comes from risky employee actions and systemic failures at the corporate level when it comes to implementing comprehensive IT security policies . Now , a new study from Compuware reports new information that supports Trend Micro 's conclusions from back in July . The unsung heroes in the IT department , it turns out , may be doing a better job stopping outside hackers than they get credit for .
According to a new study ( PDF , info required ) from Compuware , IT departments should take a bow—only 1 percent of corporate data losses this past year were due to hackers . Unfortunately , the good news mostly ends there . Negligent employees are far and away the largest cause of data breaches , but IT managers also listed outsourcing and malicious employees ( possibly ex-employees as well , one assumes ) as two significant reasons why data breaches often occur .
Compuware reports that of the 1,112 IT practitioners it surveyed , 79 percent reported that their organization had experienced at least one data breach . That 's an extraordinarily high number , but there are several intervening variables that may have inflated it .
Compuware does not completely define the term `` data breach . '' It provides an indication of what it means by describing a data breach as `` the loss or theft of information
about individuals such as consumer data , customer information , employee records , and so forth . '' That definition is more than adequate for a general discussion or description ,
but fails to address certain meaningful nuances .
about individuals such as consumer data , customer information , employee records , and so forth . '' That definition is more than adequate for a general discussion or description , but fails to address certain meaningful nuances . Compuware does not filter its results by magnitude ; a breach that affected two million people is treated equally to one that impacted just two .
Compuware does not filter by severity ; this is where the subtle nuances of definition I mentioned earlier come into play . We know that a data breach involves the loss or
theft of consumer data or employee records , for example , but no information on what , precisely , was stolen or exposed . If I 'm a customer of JC Penney , and someone steals the list of customers who bought there over the past
24 months , I 'm unhappy . If that list contained my home phone number and address , I 'm concerned . If , on the other hand , that list contained my phone number , address , Social Security number , and credit card information , I 'm downright worried , and may wish to take immediate action .
I raise these variables because the `` gotcha ! '' of this particular story—79 percent of companies reporting data breaches—has , in my view , been somewhat distorted in the reporting . Compuware 's figures may be perfectly accurate , but I 'd be careful when drawing any conclusions from them—not every data breach is of TJ Maxx proportions .
In general , Compuware 's study seems well-grounded and covers a number of interesting topics . Asked where their efforts are typically focused post-breach , a large group—41 percent of those surveyed—indicated that they participate in investigating , categorizing , and verifying the particulars of the incident . 18 percent of respondents indicate they were involved in remediation activities , 16 percent were tasked with training and educating staff or personnel , 11 percent conducted a root-cause analysis , and 10 percent established an incident response team .
I 'm not sure what to make of that last , since incident response teams are emergency groups trained to respond when an emergency occurs . The fact that so many respondents were involved in specifically establishing one implies that 10 percent of the organizations surveyed did n't have them to begin with . Note the relatively low number of IT employees who were asked to spend time training fellow workers , as this will be important later .
Next up , we 've got what I personally consider to be the most interesting information in the report , for all that it 's largely gone unreported by the press . Having ascertained the roles IT personnel are most likely to play in the event of a data breach , Compuware asked them how confident they are in their own organization 's ability to respond to such an event .
The majority of IT workers surveyed are clearly less-than confident in their employer 's ability to monitor and detect information theft , even though they themselves almost certainly play a role in such efforts ; 56 percent of respondents labeled themselves either `` Somewhat confident '' or `` Not confident . '' As for the `` Unsure '' category , it 's hard to imagine that the security professionals who opted for this category are secretly `` Very Confident '' or `` Confident . '' As for why the breaches themselves occur , there 's one category that stands out in particular :
Asked to name the leading causes of data breaches , IT staff could n't run for the negligence category fast enough . Combine this with the fact that most workers do n't trust their company to monitor the occurrence of data theft and the fact that relatively few IT staffers are tasked with employee training post-breach , the entire corporate security model begins to sway suspiciously .
The majority of IT professionals surveyed do n't believe their employers can adequately monitor company resources for data breaches or prevent these breaches from occurring . Who 's causing the breaches ? Negligent employees . Given these two facts , one would expect to see the number of IT staff involved in employee training to skyrocket post-breach , as the company attempts to plug the hole , but again , evidence suggests this is n't happening ; the majority of IT staffers are involved in fixing the technical aspects of the problem , with relatively few addressing the root cause of the issue .
This obviously makes some sense , given that the IT department was n't hired to teach Security 101 , but it may also indicate that company management has n't grasped the true root of the problem . It 's easy to bring in a consultant for some remedial security training , but without the explicit involvement of the IT department , such training will inevitably focus more on general bad practices and less on the specific situations that may have exposed customer data in this particular case . There 's nothing in Compuware 's report , meanwhile , that suggests this loop is changing , or that IT workers today feel more confident in their company 's ability to deal with a data breach than employees did five years ago .
The report ultimately suggests that the vast majority of companies have security models that are semifunctional at best . Accountability is a hit-or-miss affair , confidence in the system as a whole is minimal , and the flaws that contribute to data breaches are n't confined to any single level of an organization . Not the most optimistic Friday read , I 'll admit , but the results are n't all that surprising , either .
Here 's another on the long list of examples of YouTube treating conservatives like crap : Twenty-one PragerU videos have been marked “ Restricted… ”
Jared Sichel , communications director for PragerU , said in a statement that the organization has been communicating with YouTube , which is owned by Google , for “ several months ” trying to get their videos uncensored . Sichel explained what placing the videos in “ restricted mode ” does . “ Restricted mode is something that many parents and schools use so that children do n't watch explicit adult and sexual content — not so they ca n't find animated , educational videos on topics ranging from history and economics to happiness and philosophy , ” they wrote .
Wait , YouTube would n't do that . I 'm sure there 's been a big misunderstanding…
For comparison , PragerU posted to its Facebook page that videos addressing similar topics from the liberal Vox are not placed in restricted mode . For instance , the PragerU video “ Is America Racist ? ” is in restricted mode , while Vox 's “ The racist history of US immigration history ” is not .
Yep , should have seen that coming .
We 're all huge PragerU fans ( see New Report : Whites Actually Way More Likely to Be Shot By Police… and WATCH : Working Fewer Hours ? Thank ObamaCare… ) . We also know a thing or two about having videos censored by YouTube .
Look , YouTube is a private company , so it can do what it wants , sure . But if they 're advertising themselves as an open platform , while specifically targeting conservative media , that 's not exactly building trust with its audience . It also is further proof that media leans heavily left . This is PragerU we 're talking about . It 's not exactly offensive , is it ? Each video is a person hitting a point , refuting it , showing facts . There are some animations . No blood , violence , sexual content . Just ideas .
That , of course , is the problem . PragerU has proven itself valuable in the war on liberal ideas . So rather than allowing other YouTube channels to compete , or refute PragerU ( LOL ) , YouTube stepped in , marked some of the videos “ restrictive. ” Because little butt-hurt leftists do n't like being triggered for being wrong . Tough toenails .
PragerU has a petition up on their site . I encourage you to sign and share with your friends . Liberal ideas can not win on their own . PragerU is one effective channel fighting them . And YouTube knows it . Allegedly ( said for legal reasons ) .
It 's not just YouTube silencing conservatives that we have to worry about . It 's Facebook too…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST ? FIX THAT ! IT 'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE .
This is one of the very best list of its kind where you can find about some best online website building tools available to create your free website . These free website building tools can help a lot to beginners who do not have technical knowledge but have interest in web design . These website building tools can be very helpful for you when you want to get your work done . I hope all of you will like this list if you are office worker , designer , developer , a manager , a supervisor , a student , a home user , etc . Most of them are not very well-known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features . This is the list of 13 Easy And Powerful Website Building Tools To Create Your Free Site . Just take a look at them and share your thoughts here .
You are welcome if you want to share more free website builders that our readers/viewers may like . Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashingApps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on Twitter and do not forget to become our fan on facebook as well .
GetShopped
You can create free website , pages , sell online , send newsletters , and blog online with GetShopped . This is perfect for any new or existing business that wants to sell products or services online . GetShopped integrates with Google Checkout , Paypal , Payment Express , and many other trusted payment processors . This will ensure secure payment processing for your clients .
Webnode
Webnode allows visitors to create , design , develop and run powerful free websites and web application from start to finish . It was engineered for ease of use and extreme speed , it can effortlessly produce high-caliber professional web pages within minutes .
Jimdo
It 's really easy to create a free website with Jimdo : just sign-up , follow the link to your own Page , integrate pictures , videos and texts in seconds , change the design with a click , add as many pages as you want…and show your swifty JimdoFree-Page to your friends .
WebStarts
WebStarts is another great option to create a free website . You can drag and drop photos , videos , text , and more . You can create a unique professional online presence . Choose from dozens of pre-designed layouts or make your own using free website builder .
350 pages
350 pages is easy to use free website builder that can help you create a website and edit your pages from anywhere in the world at any time . Since 350pages is hosted on the safe , fast , and reliable web servers , you do n't need to download , install or configure anything . All you need is a web browser ( IE 6/7 , Firefox , or Safari ) and an internet connection .
Wix
With Wix you can create a free website or make your free MySpace layouts and Flash MySpace layouts . It 's the simpler , faster , better way to build & design on the web .
Yola
Yola is absolutely dedicated to helping you build your free website quickly and effortlessly . They offer critically-acclaimed , easy-to-use tools and web hosting all for free . You can choose from over 100 customizable website templates to get the look you want and much more…
Google Sites
Google Sites is a free and easy way to create and share webpages . This is powerful enough for a company intranet , yet simple enough for a family website as well .
Moonfruit
Weebly
Weebly is the easiest way to create a free website . From personal to professional sites , Weebly will enable you to spend your time on the most valuable part of your site , its content . You can create free website and free blogs .
doTemplate
doTemplate is a web template builder . It offers a range of website themes you can personalize online before downloading . You can use this easy template creator for free .
Edicy
Edicy is so easy to use you can build a site for your business or organization and have it live on the internet in a matter of minutes . All the tools are available online with no additional software required , just pick one of our beautifully made designs , enter your text , add your images and then publish your site to your own custom web address , it 's that simple .
Moogo
Creating your own website with Moogo is incredibly easy . Moogo offers you a simple way of creating your own easy-to-update website with style even if you have never created a website in your life before . Moogo is perfect for individuals , small businesses , clubs and organizations , sport teams , real estate…or making a website for your band or your pet .
( LINK )
Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin responds :
2 days ago , @ realDonaldTrump told me they were working w/ @ Ford to keep smaller vehicle production in KY & in the USA .. Tonight they delivered .. TY ! — Matt Bevin ( @ MattBevin ) November 18 , 2016
The deep-dive backstory that was only discussed here is below :
SEPTEMBER 15TH 2016 – This is a really important interview to grasp the scope of the America-First economic challenge in front of Donald Trump and specifically U.S. workers . Unfortunately , what follows below is the best version of the interview we can find and it has edits , significant edits by CNN , to the initial portion of the interview as it originally aired .
For those unfamiliar with how structured these types of interviews are , there are a few key aspects worth noting in advance of watching the video :
♦ CEO Mark Fields is not alone in this interview . Off camera there are key corporate executive advisers , PR , Marketing , HR , Risk Mgmt. , etc . positioned to give immediate feedback toward any sound bites that can have an adverse impact on the corporate objectives . There are a few times when you can see Fields taking cues from those voices .
♦ The CEO corporate culture ( starts in MBA school ) teaches executives how to use code words and phrases to avoid pitfalls , and unless you are skilled -or familiar- in detecting the nuance , much of the significant verbiage can be missed . Words and phrases matter .
There 's a big difference between a major corporate CEO saying “ investment in North America “ , and “ investment in America “ . The former references international trade agreements such as NAFTA which apply to Mexico the U.S. and Canada , the latter is directed to the United States . Pay close attention and you 'll note the importance .
♦ Notice how Mark Fields will not answer key and specific questions directly . Instead choosing to use parseltongue and politispeak coded language . This is a trained skill much like a professional politician is trained in non-answers that leave the viewer/listener the impression of an answer .
♦ Pay additional attention to phrases such as :
• “ retained or created jobs “ , you 'll notice the similarity to “ saved or created jobs ” vis-a-vis the Obama stimulus . The use of the phrases holds a similar intent .
• “ most of our investment is here in the U.S. “ , this is a slight-of-word use . Of course Ford has most of their investment here in the U.S. , the historic valued infrastructure is part of that phrase .
The issue for this conversation is “ future investment or reinvestment ” , and that 's where you see the verbiage shift ( use of ) “ North America ” coming into play .
• “ value market ” is the term for cheaper cars . In this example the Ford Focus model .
Notice also Poppy Harlow was finally able to pin Fields down on “ 40 % labor savings ” . That specific number is where you hear the counter Trump approach of a 35 % tariff which would eliminate that incentive . If Ford saves 40 % labor cost on Ford Focus vehicles by building in Mexico , and they face a 35 % Tax upon re-import , the incentive to have Mexican workers build the vehicle is lost . Notice Mark Fields avoids answering that question .
Notice also Harlow asks about the 40 % savings and where that profit is reinvested . Notice how Fields says the monies return to the corporate structure ( U.S.A. ) where reinvestment determinations are made . However , the reinvestment determination , as previously outlined , is “ a North American ” and/or “ global ” determination . Parseltongue .
On one hand the CEO states the goal is to remain competitive in the “ value market ” ( ie . cheap car market like Kia etc . ) , however , at the same time Fields never mentions lowering the price , because it 's the profit margin actually driving the decision – not any consumer savings . The U.S.A market ( consumer ) will not see Ford Focus vehicles drop in price ; instead they 're just made in Mexico at a lower cost .
This key distinction is the heart of the Economic Patriotism argument .
An argument that Bernie Sanders has made effectively , Donald Trump has also recognized , and one which through the course of time -and history has empirically evidenced- creates terrible long-term consequences for the rapidly diminishing middle class U.S. worker .
The economic patriotism distinction is also where traditionally minded conservatives , like myself , have reevaluated the bigger picture and accepted the following : In a global world the concept of traditional economic models ( for free-market capitalism ) are no longer working on behalf of the United States of America – because there is no national pride or incentive attached to the end goal , profit .
Paul Samuelson , the Nobel laureate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , recalled that John Maynard Keynes once was challenged for altering their position on some economic issue :
“ When my information changes , ” said Keynes “ I change my mind . What do you do Sir ? ”
While I have never agreed with Keynesian economic theory , Keynes attributed quote itself is never more apropos than today 's 2016 American economics argument amid various conservatives . What good is Mark Levin 's definition of conservatism , when there 's no middle class America left to conserve ?
What good are George Will 's free market theories when the end result is the outflow of American wealth into poorer , less economically developed countries , while we EBT ourselves into a national debt crisis because we are trying to sustain the diminished value of the American worker ?
Not only is this historic approach now rapidly becoming the pathway into an unrecoverable American economic death spiral , it is also global wealth distribution done by Wall Street , not Main Street .
The result , our result , is an ever expanding , seemingly impossible to stop , wealth gap , creating an unnatural and profoundly unhealthy class system , in America , between the “ Rich ” and “ Poor ” .
We do not need socialism to fix the problem , we need economic patriotism from industrial giants , Main Street , who value the principles behind putting American-workers-First .
Now , watch the video [ * Note * ignore the pontificating liberalism of Poppy Harlow or you 'll miss important stuff ] :
Ford is willing to spend $ 1.6 BILLION to create 2,800 jobs in Mexico , to save 40 % on the price of their “ value product line ” of automobiles .
If a Ford Focus costs $ 8,000 to manufacture ( in Mexico ) . How many Focus 's would they need to sell at an additional 40 % profit margin to make up for their initial investment of $ 1.6 BILLION . Do the math , and you 'll realize why I shall never again purchase a Ford vehicle .
Ford CEO Mark Fields , like many modern vulture capitalists , is a globalist – not an America-First CEO .
Advertisements
Posted July 18 , 2009 by CoderTrader in cron , jruby , rails , rake . Tagged : cron , jruby , rails , rake . 2 Comments
There are times when you need to automate a particular periodic process associated with maintaining your application . Many times , these types of jobs could be performed manually , but it can easily be forgotten about , until a few weeks later when you wonder why your data is out of sync with reality . Take , for example , a process that obtains data ( legally ) through a third party vendor API and imports that data into an internal database so that recent information can be analyzed by users or programmatically processed in a timely manner . Without this data migration process in place , it might take way too long to be considered a usable system by any reasonable person .
Programmers know that it is not efficient to use a series of manual processes to keep a business going . All is fine and well when initially testing if your job is running correctly , but this often becomes a tedious or forgettable task . Instead , we should always seek out ways to increase the efficiency of ourselves and the efficiency of the people and systems we support . Most operating systems provide a way of at least scheduling tasks to run on a scheduled basis . If you are deploying to a * nix environment , you 're in luck , especially if the job needs to run specifically in the background .
Cron is a daemon started automatically from /etc/init.d that executes scheduled commands by searching its spool area /var/spool/cron/crontabs for crontab files named after accounts in /etc/passwd . Those crontabs should not be accessed directly ; instead , use crontab -l to list a user 's crontab , and use crontab -e in order to edit a particular crontab . Cron also reads the files /etc/crontab and /etc/cron.d . It wakes up every minute to examine the crontabs and ensuring that each job has run by its scheduled time . If need be , the job is executed .
The format of cron entries is defined as the following :
. -- -- -- -- -- -- minute ( 0-59 ) | . -- -- -- -- -- hour ( 0-23 ) | | . -- -- -- -- day of month ( 1-31 ) | | | . -- -- -- month ( 1-12 ) OR jan , feb , mar , apr ... | | | | . -- -- day of week ( 0-6 ) ( Sunday= 0 or 7 ) OR sun , mon , tue , wed , thu , fri , sat | | | | | * * * * * command_to_be_executed
Cron also comes with a small list of special shortcuts as well .
@ reboot = run once at startup @ yearly = 0 0 1 1 * = @ annually = run once per year @ monthly = 0 0 1 * * = run once per month @ weekly = 0 0 * * 0 = run once per week @ daily = 0 0 * * * = @ midnight = run once per day @ hourly = 0 * * * * = run once per hour
So how can use cron along with jruby ? and rails ?
First , you 'll need to ensure that you have a JRuby in the user 's PATH for which you 'll be using to define the cron jobs . An easy way to do this is to define the paths for JRuby , Java in the user 's .bash_profile .
$ > vi .bash_profile JRUBY_HOME=~/jruby-1.2.0-custom PATH= $ JRUBY_HOME/bin : $ PATH # : wq = > to write the changes out the file and quit $ > source ~/.bash_profile $ > echo $ JRUBY_HOME /home/jrubyist/jruby-1.2.0-custom $ > echo $ PATH /home/jrubyist/jruby-1.2.0-custom/bin : /home/demmons/Desktop/jdk1.6.0_14/bin : /usr/local/sbin : /usr/local/bin : /usr/sbin : /usr/bin : /sbin : /bin
Try running the job that you wish to execute once , manually , as the appropriate user to test the environment :
su -l jrubyist -c 'jruby -S vendor_api_data_import start '
If everything is running properly , you can be sure that the command you add to the user 's crontab will work .
Let 's say we wanted this import task to run every Monday , Wednesday and Friday at 6:45 pm .
You would add the corresponding entry to the user 's crontab as the following , with a comment for describing the entry :
# Automated download/migration process that makes use of the API 45 18 * * * mon , wed , fri source /etc/profile & & source /home/jrubyist/.bash_profile & & jruby -S vendor_api_data_import start
Combining Cron , JRuby , Rails and Rake
The example above is all fine and dandy , but what if you want to call a rake task that needs access to say , a set of models defined for a JRuby on Rails project ? . A few days ago , Felipe Coury @ fcoury posed this question on Twitter : “ What gem/lib/etc do you guys use for Ruby daemons that needs to load the Rails env prior to execution ? ” I love to browse twitter for # jruby questions so I can help out by finding answers to those questions and writing about it . There 's a fairly straightforward approach you can take to achieve this goal , and the boilerplate process is as follows :
1 ) Upon deploying the JRuby/Rails application , create a symbolic link to the root of the rails dir .
In the case of JRuby/Rails on JBoss , this means we want a symbolic link to the exploded war file .
2 ) The Rake task you create should be defined such that it depends on the rails : environment .
3 ) Tell the cron entry to start the jruby/rake task given the path to that symbolic link .
# 1- Can be automated by using a clever trick to hook into the initialization of the rails application .
When your container deploys your rails app , as in the case of JBoss , the $ servlet_context will be defined ,
so a link to the deployed application directory will be created at “ /home/jrubyist/deployed-rails-app
# Create /config/initializers/symlink-deployment.rb if defined ? ( $ servlet_context ) & & RAILS_ENV == 'production ' symlink_file = `` /home/jrubyist/deployed-rails-app '' current_link = nil if File.exist ? ( symlink_file ) & & File.symlink ? ( symlink_file ) current_link = File.readlink ( symlink_file ) end if current_link ! = RAILS_ROOT system ( `` ln -sf # { File.expand_path ( RAILS_ROOT ) } # { symlink_file } '' ) end end
# 2 – Example Rake Task that depends on your Rails models :
namespace : third_party_vendor do namespace : api do desc `` Uses the 3rd party vendor API to import data into our internal databases . '' task : data_import = > : environment do # Since we say that we depend on the : environment , # we now have access to our rails model objects . For example ... # eligible_401k_employees = Employees.find ( : all , : conditions = > [ 'effective > = ? ' , 1.year.ago ] ) end end end
If you need to have access to non-rails frozen gems as well , you will want to modify your config/environment.rb to include the following before the Rails : :Initializer.run do |config| …
# Load non-Rails frozen gems too .. Dir.glob ( File.join ( RAILS_ROOT , 'vendor ' , ' * ' , 'lib ' ) ) do |path| $ LOAD_PATH < < path end
Some people have reported that in order to get the environment to load correctly for your rails task , they had to add the following to the top of their Rake task :
require File.join ( RAILS_ROOT , 'config ' , 'environment.rb ' )
# 3 – Modify your cron task so that it executes your Rake task defined in your rails app .
# Automated download/migration process that makes use of the API 45 18 * * * mon , wed , fri source /etc/profile & & source /home/jrubyist/.bash_profile & & RAILS_ENV=production rake -- rakefile /home/jrubyist/deployed-rails-app/Rakefile third_party_vendor : api : data_import
Finishing touches…
That should be enough to get you started . Finally , if you want your background processes to not affect your production application environment , you might consider adding “ nice ” to the command . nice maps to a kernel call of the same name . For a given process , it changes the priority in the kernel 's scheduler . A niceness of -20 is the highest priority , and 19 is the lowest priority . You can read more about nice on wikipedia .
Another useful feature to add to your rake task is to have the output of stdout written to a log file . That way you can go back and analyze the log file for any errors that might occur during the execution of your rake task . Create a file that is writable by the cron user , and then add the following to your cron command . The finished product is as follows :
# Automated download/migration process that makes use of the API 45 18 * * * mon , wed , fri source /etc/profile & & source /home/jrubyist/.bash_profile & & RAILS_ENV=production nice rake -- rakefile /home/jrubyist/deployed-rails-app/Rakefile third_party_vendor : api : data_import -- trace > > /home/jrubyist/logs/cron/import.log 2 > & 1
This technique is both useful and pragmatic . Never worry again about running a periodic process . Let the system do the work .
Advertisements
There are many things we should remember about the events of late August and early September 2005 , and the political fallout should n't be near the top of the list . Still , the disaster in New Orleans did the Bush administration a great deal of damage — and conservatives have never stopped trying to take their revenge . Every time something has gone wrong on President Obama 's watch , critics have been quick to declare the event “ Obama 's Katrina. ” How many Katrinas has Mr. Obama had so far ? By one count , 23 .
Somehow , however , these putative Katrinas never end up having the political impact of the lethal debacle that unfolded a decade ago . Partly that 's because many of the alleged disasters were n't disasters after all . For example , the teething problems of Healthcare.gov were embarrassing , but they were eventually resolved — without anyone dying in the process — and at this point Obamacare looks like a huge success .
Beyond that , Katrina was special in political terms because it revealed such a huge gap between image and reality . Ever since 9/11 , former President George W. Bush had been posing as a strong , effective leader keeping America safe . They are n't . But as long as they were talking tough about terrorists , it was hard for the public to see what a lousy job they were doing . It took a domestic disaster , which made their administration 's cronyism and incompetence obvious to anyone with a TV set , to burst their bubble .
What we should have learned from Katrina , in other words , was that political poseurs with nothing much to offer besides bluster can nonetheless fool many people into believing that they 're strong leaders . And that 's a lesson we 're learning all over again as the 2016 presidential race unfolds .
Did the floating mountains and otherworldly landscapes in James Cameron 's Avatar remind you of artist Roger Dean 's fantastical paintings ? Dean certainly thinks there 's more than a passing resemblance . He 's suing the director and 20th Century Fox , claiming Cameron based Pandora on Dean 's artwork .
Deadline has posted Dean 's full complaint , in which the artist alleges that Cameron substantially copied elements from Dean 's paintings in creating the world of Avatar :
The similarities of each such work are substantial , continuing , and direct so as to rule out any accidental copying or similarity in scenes common to the genre . The infringing portions of Avatar are so similar to Plaintiff 's Works that Defendants and others employed in the preparation of the film must have had access to the Plaintiff 's Works .
Advertisement
The complaint cites several of Dean 's paintings it alleges Cameron copied visual elements from , including “ Floating Islands , ” “ Arches , ” and “ Pathways. ” The claim is that Cameron used both Dean 's various imaginary geological features ( the look and feel of their paintings , not just their floating islands ) and the markings on their creatures as a reference for the world of Pandora . Dean is asking for more than $ 50 million in damages , as well as an injunction against Avatar sequels that might include similar visuals .
Dean is n't the first creator to sue over Avatar . Cameron and Fox have won two previous lawsuits initiated by creators claiming copyright violations , and a suit by screenwriter Bryant Moore will likely go to trial in the next few months . But we 've certainly noticed the similarities between Pandora 's floating islands and vibrant dragons and Dean 's artwork , and Cameron has kind of , sort of admitted that Dean might have been an inspiration .
Advertisement
Apropos of nothing , here is an explicit tribute to Roger Dean , courtesy of The Venture Bros. :
Fox & James Cameron Slapped With $ 50M ‘ Avatar ' Copyright Suit By Album Cover Artist [ Deadline via Bleeding Cool ]
Conventional superconductivity can occur at much higher temperatures than previously expected , according to calculations made by an international team of physicists led by Matteo Calandra of the IMPMC Institute in Paris . The researchers have developed a theoretical model for the record high-temperature superconductivity reported last year in hydrogen sulphide , which the team says arise from relatively simple interactions similar to those underlying conventional low-temperature superconductors . This is different to other high-temperature materials in which the superconductivity is caused by complicated and poorly understood processes .
Low-temperature superconductors are usually well described by the BCS theory of superconductivity , whereby interactions with lattice vibrations called phonons cause electrons to pair-up to form “ Cooper pairs ” that can travel through the material without encountering any resistance . Such materials stop superconducting above a transition temperature ( T C ) fairly close to absolute zero – the highest to date being just 39 K. High-temperature superconductors , in contrast , have transition temperatures up to 133 K .
Despite the vast amount of research done on high-temperature superconductors since the first such material was discovered in 1986 , much of the physics underlying their superconductivity remains unknown . This mystery appeared to deepen late last year when Mikhail Eremets and colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , Germany , found that when hydrogen sulphide is subjected to extremely high pressure ( 200 GPa ) it has a T C of 190 K. While the T C of high-temperature superconductors can be increased by applying pressure – the current record is 164 K – hydrogen sulphide looks set to become the new record-holder if the measurement can be confirmed .
Conventional yet high temperature
The strange thing about hydrogen sulphide is that – unlike other high-temperature superconductors – it does not also exist in a magnetic state , and therefore more closely resembles a conventional superconductor . This observation led Calandra and colleagues in Canada , China , France , Spain and the UK to use BCS theory as the starting point for their calculations .
Key to understanding superconductivity in hydrogen sulphide are the interactions between electrons and the vibrating hydrogen atoms . Hydrogen has a very low mass and therefore tends to vibrate at relatively high frequencies . These high-frequency modes interact very strongly with electrons and so should result in a superconductor with a very high T C . Indeed , when Calandra and colleagues used BCS theory to calculate the T C of high-pressure hydrogen sulphide , they obtained a value of about 250 K – much higher than the observed 190 K .
The team believes that the actual T C is somewhat lower , because basic BCS theory assumes that the atoms in the material vibrate as simple harmonic oscillators . However , light atoms such as hydrogen undergo more complicated anharmonic oscillations , and this can weaken significantly the interactions that create Cooper pairs . After taking anharmonic effects into consideration in their calculations , Calandra and colleagues calculate a much more realistic T C of 194 K – in close agreement with Eremets ' measurement .
Upping the pressure
The calculations also suggest that the interplay between anharmonic effects and other properties of the material will result in the T C remaining constant in the pressure range 200–250 GPa . While observing this effect in the lab would be a good test of the calculations , Calandra says they are unaware of any measurements above 200 GPa . Indeed , they point out that the 200 GPa experiment was extremely difficult to make , and that Eremets and colleagues are probably the only researchers capable of studying hydrogen sulphide at higher pressures .
“ Eremet 's discovery and our theoretical work pave the way for the quest for high-T C superconductivity in hydrides and hydrogen-based materials in general , ” says Calandra . “ In this class of materials it should be possible to find superconductors with a T C of the same order ( or maybe more ) than hydrogen sulphide at high pressure , ” they add .
Elisabeth Nicol of the University of Guelph in Canada is enthusiastic about the results . “ What is amazing is that this says we can actually have an electron–phonon superconductor that operates at 190 K , ” they say . Nicol , who was not involved in the calculations , adds that “ While technically the theory of superconductivity itself does not put a limit on T C , consensus has been that electron–phonon superconductors have low T C . Clearly , we are learning that there are still possibilities out there for conventional superconductivity . ”
The work is published in Physical Review Letters .
ALONG with bank runs and market crashes , oil shocks have rare power to set monsters loose . Starting with the Arab oil embargo of 1973 , people have learnt that sudden surges in the price of oil cause economic havoc . Conversely , when the price slumps because of a glut , as in 1986 , it has done the world a power of good . The rule of thumb is that a 10 % fall in oil prices boosts growth by 0.1-0.5 percentage points .
In the past 18 months the price has fallen by 75 % , from $ 110 a barrel to below $ 27 . Yet this time the benefits are less certain . Although consumers have gained , producers are suffering grievously . The effects are spilling into financial markets , and could yet depress consumer confidence . Perhaps the benefits of such ultra-cheap oil still outweigh the costs , but markets have fallen so far so fast that even this is no longer clear .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The new economics of oil
The world is drowning in oil . Saudi Arabia is pumping at almost full tilt . It is widely thought that the Saudis want to drive out higher-cost producers from the industry , including some of the fracking firms that have boosted oil output in the United States from 5m barrels a day ( b/d ) in 2008 to over 9m b/d now . Saudi Arabia will also be prepared to suffer a lot of pain to thwart Iran , its bitter rival , which this week was poised to rejoin oil markets as nuclear sanctions were lifted , with potential output of 3m-4m b/d .
Despite the Saudis ' efforts , however , producers have proved resilient . Many frackers have eked out efficiencies . They hate the idea of plugging their wells only for the wildcatter on the next block to reap the reward when prices rebound . They will not pack up so long as prices cover day-to-day costs , in some cases as low as $ 15 a barrel ( see article ) . Meanwhile oil stocks in the mostly rich-country OECD in October stood at 267 days ' net imports , almost 50 % higher than five years earlier . They will continue to grow , especially if demand slows by more than expected in China and the rest of Asia . Forecasting the oil price is a mug 's game ( as the newspaper that once speculated about $ 5 oil , we speak from experience ) , but few expect it to start rising before 2017 . Today 's price could mark the bottom of the barrel . Some are predicting a trough of as low as $ 10 .
The lower the better , you might say . Look at how cheap oil has boosted importers , from Europe to South Asia . The euro area 's oil-import bill has fallen by 2 % of GDP since mid-2014 . India has become the world 's fastest-growing large economy .
Yet the latest lurch down is also a source of anxiety . Collapsing revenues could bring political instability to fragile parts of the world , such as Venezuela and the Gulf , and fuel rivalries in the Middle East . Cheap oil has a green lining , as it drags down the global price of natural gas , which crowds out coal , a dirtier fuel . But in the long run , cheap fossil fuels reduce the incentive to act on climate change . Most worrying of all is the corrosive new economics of oil .
In the past cheap oil has buoyed the world economy because consumers spend much more out of one extra dollar in their pocket than producers do . Today that reckoning is less straightforward than it was . American consumers may have been saving more than was expected . Oil producers are tightening their belts , having spent extravagantly when prices were high . After the latest drop in crude prices , Russia announced a 10 % cut in public spending ( see article ) . Even Saudi Arabia is slashing its budget to deal with its deficit of 15 % of GDP .
Cheap oil also hurts demand in more important ways . When crude was over $ 100 a barrel it made sense to spend on exploration in out-of-the-way provinces , such as the Arctic , west Africa and deep below the saline rock off the coast of Brazil . As prices have tumbled , so has investment . Projects worth $ 380 billion have been put on hold . In America spending on fixed assets in the oil industry has fallen by half from its peak . The poison has spread : the purchasing managers ' index for December , of 48.2 , registered an accelerating contraction across the whole of American manufacturing . In Brazil the harm to Petrobras , the national oil company , from the oil price has been exacerbated by a corruption scandal that has paralysed the highest echelons of government .
The fall in investment and asset prices is all the more harmful because it is so rapid . As oil collapses against the backdrop of a fragile world economy , it could trigger defaults .
The possible financial spillovers are hard to assess . Much of the $ 650 billion rise in emerging-market corporate debt since 2007 has been in oil and commodity industries . Oil plays a central role in a clutch of emerging markets prone to trouble . With GDP in Russia falling , the government could well face a budgetary crisis within months . Venezuela , where inflation is above 140 % , has declared an economic state of emergency .
Other oil producers are prone to a similar , if milder , cycle of weaker growth , a falling currency , imported inflation and tighter monetary policy . Central banks in Colombia and Mexico raised interest rates in December . Nigeria is rationing dollars in a desperate ( probably doomed ) effort to boost its currency .
There are strains in rich countries , too . Yields on corporate high-yield bonds have jumped from about 6.5 % in mid-2015 to 9.7 % today . Investors ' aversion spread quickly from energy firms to all borrowers . With bears stalking equity markets , global indices are plumbing 30-month lows ( see article ) . Central bankers in rich countries worry that persistent low inflation will feed expectations of static or falling prices—in effect , raising real interest rates . Policymakers ' ability to respond is constrained because rates , close to zero , can not be cut much more .
Make the best of it
The oil-price drop creates vast numbers of winners in India and China . It gives oil-dependent economies like Saudi Arabia and Venezuela an urgent reason to embrace reform . It offers oil importers , like South Korea , a chance to tear up wasteful energy subsidies—or boost inflation and curb deficits by raising taxes . But this oil shock comes as the world economy is still coping with the aftermath of the financial crash . You might think that there could be no better time for a boost . In fact , the world could yet be laid low by an oil monster on the prowl .
Sen. Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulThe Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE ( R-Ky. ) is putting a hold on one of President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's picks to the Justice Department over concerns about the nominee 's views on warrantless wiretaps and surveillance , The Daily Beast reported .
Paul , who sits on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , has temporarily blocked John Demers 's nomination to be assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's National Security Division .
ADVERTISEMENT
The position is one of three in the Justice Department with the authority to issue Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) warrants , which allow the government to conduct surveillance on non-American targets outside the United States , even when they communicate with Americans .
So-called Section 702 surveillance , named after the part of FISA authorizing the spy program , has been controversial . Civil libertarians have pushed to reform the law , saying it provides a backdoor for authorities to surveil American citizens .
Demers is currently assistant general counsel at Boeing and has spoken favorably about Section 702 surveillance .
One former National Security Division official told the news service that Demers was “ unobjectionable and not particularly partisan , ” and stated that officials in the division were relieved to hear Trump had nominated the largely uncontroversial nominee to the post .
Earlier this week , Paul threatened to filibuster any long-term extension of Section 702 . Section 702 was set to expire at the end of the year but lawmakers passed a short-term extension in a spending bill .
“ I will actively oppose and filibuster any long term extension of warrantless searches of American citizens , ” Paul tweeted on Wednesday .
The state plans to buy 15 sq . km of land around the Fukushima No . 1 nuclear plant to build facilities to store radioactive soil and other waste generated by decontamination operations , government sources said .
Construction of the interim waste storage sites is expected to accelerate the sluggish cleanup activities in Fukushima Prefecture , the sources said Friday .
But the move will affect thousands of landowners , while evacuated residents who before the 2011 nuclear crisis used to live in areas to be placed under state control may not be able to return home . A large part of the No . 1 plant 's vicinity has already been classified as a long-term zone that will remain off-limits .
Environment Minister Nobuteru Ishihara is expected to visit the prefecture in early December to seek official approval from Fukushima Gov . Yuhei Sato and the mayors of four local towns .
The government hopes to start operating some of the storage facilities from January 2015 . It anticipates spending ¥1 trillion on the project , including ¥200 billion the Environment Ministry wants to set aside in the fiscal 2014 budget for the land acquisition .
The waste storage sites will be built in an area in the towns of Okuma and Futaba , which co-host the Fukushima No . 1 complex , as well as in a district of the town of Naraha , home to the Fukushima No . 2 nuclear plant , and in the town of Tomioka .
Several types of facilities will be built , including for the storage of tainted soil , for holding waste with radiation levels above 100,000 becquerels per kilogram , and for sorting the waste brought in .
The government is seeking to use part of this vast area of land as a buffer zone to try to allay the concerns of residents in surrounding areas about radioactive contamination from the Fukushima No . 1 plant 's wrecked reactors .
However , the government also believes the vicinity of the storage facilities will not be suitable for habitation because it will be traversed by dump trucks carrying contaminated waste .
The government plans to keep the waste at the storage facilities for up to 30 years and to dispose of it outside the prefecture .
More than two years since Fukushima No . 1 experienced the nation 's worst nuclear crisis , around 150,000 residents of the prefecture are still living as evacuees in temporary accommodations .
An Air Force F-22 Raptor executes a supersonic flyby in the Gulf of Alaska . ( AP Photo/US Navy , Ronald Dejarnett , File )
Senior Air Force leaders still have no idea why some pilots of $ 415 million F-22 fighters , the most expensive warplanes ever , keep blacking out mid-flight .
The service has concluded a yearlong investigation into a rash of incidents , including one death , in which pilots reported difficulties breathing due to apparent problems with the onboard oxygen system . But that probe failed to produce anything definitive on the causes .
`` There is lingering uncertainty that the Scientific Advisory Board found no root causes , '' Air Force Secretary Michael Donley told reporters at a Thursday breakfast meeting .
The entire 188-plane fleet was grounded for months , but Donley says they were satisfied enough with the oxygen system study to clear all the jets to resume flights .
`` This is still a relatively rare event , '' Donley says . `` This is not common . ''
After countless design and testing ailments delayed delivery of the F-22 to the Air Force and drove up its price tag , then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates in 2009 capped the fleet at 188 jets . The Government Accountability Office pegs the cost of each F-22 at nearly $ 415 million ; early estimates were around $ 140 million .
Despite being declared ready for combat in 2005 , Washington has never sent the Raptors into harm 's way . Many lawmakers and defense analysts questioned why the highly stealthy jet was not used to evade rudimentary Libyan air defenses last year . Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz last February signaled the Raptor would be used in Libya ; weeks later , however , they said it was not used because it was based too far away .
The air service intends to continue collecting information and monitoring the oxygen system , has made some changes to the fleet , and put in place new emergency procedures , Donley says .
Pilot blackouts and dizzy spells have occurred in one out of every 10,000 flight hours , according to the Air Force . ( In 2011 , the Air Force revealed 14 cases of a condition known as hypoxia , which can trigger severe headache , nausea and fatigue when the body gets too little oxygen . )
Some Pentagon observers are blasting the Air Force for failing to ensure its pilots will avoid the same fate as Capt . Jeffrey Haney , who died when their Lockheed Martin-made F-22 crashed in Alaska . Their widow is suing Lockheed and other firms that did work on the jet .
`` It 's disturbing that the Air Force would put its pilots at risk of suffocation when the Air Force still does n't know the root cause of the problem even after extensive study , '' says Ben Freeman , national security investigator for the Project on Government Oversight . `` Congress needs to conduct oversight on why this problem exists at all at this stage in a program that 's decades old . ''
One former congressional defense aide says if the service can not ensure the F-22 is not a killer jet , heads should roll .
`` They remain clueless as to the cause , '' says longtime military analyst Winslow Wheeler , now with the Center for Defense Information . `` They ca n't even support [ a ] frequency prediction . ... They have failed to give their pilots a reliable , safe breathing apparatus . ''
Wheeler slammed the service for `` literally telling the pilots to 'suck it up . ' ''
Wheeler also raises an intriguing question : What would have happened if Gates had been confronted with an Air Force finding that amounts to a leadership shoulder shrug ? Gates was known for their sharp bureaucratic elbows and willingness to fire service leaders and managers of failing weapon programs .
`` If Gates were SecDef , would someone 's job be in jeopardy on this ? '' asks Wheeler . `` It should be . ''
Last year , the iPhone 6 Plus had one camera feature the iPhone 6 did not : optical image stabilization for photos , which automatically adjusts the camera sensor to make up for any shakiness the camera may endure . With the iPhone 6s Plus , Apple has added optical image stabilization for video as well as still images . Tonight , Giga Tech has uploaded a new video that shows off the 6s Plus ' optical image stabilization versus the iPhone 6s.While the iPhone 6s does n't have optical image stabilization , it does have digital image stabilization , which is the camera 's software accounting for any shakiness . Giga Tech notes that digital image stabilization works well when the iPhone 6s is shooting in Full HD 1920x1080 , but that it 's not as effective when shooting in 4K , as shown in the video.The video , which takes place in an old , abandoned airplane , offers a striking comparison of the two device 's video capabilities . While the iPhone 6s footage looks fine on its own , the contrast to the smoother iPhone 6s Plus footage makes its shakiness seem more pronounced .
Product Information
Palit GeForce®GTX 1080 Dual OC is build with `` Dual Fan '' , provides 2 slots thermal solution for SLI users . Take on today 's most challenging , graphics-intensive games without missing a beat . Discover unprecedented performance , power efficiency , and gaming experiences—driven by the new NVIDIA Pascal™ architecture . This is the ultimate gaming platform .
Honeycomb Bracket
The design of honeycomb bracket increases airflow by up to 15 % , allowing the heat generated from GPU to be exhausted via the honeycomb design bracket . This enables more efficient cooling effects .
0-dB TECH
Keep Silent while you are experiencing the multimedia application and general workload . The operating fans only occur while working on heavier loading such as gaming that the GPU temperature surpasses 50°C .
Dual Fan
A Dual Fan design offers double the cooling performance , and combined with the 9CM-9CM Smart Fans , heat is effectively drawn away from hot spots .
4k3
With its three DisplayPort ports , the Palit provides a flawless , jaw dropping experience at 4K monitors surround .
DrMOS
DrMOS , originally only available for high-end server CPUs , is now available in all its glory in the next generation of Palit graphics cards . DrMOS offers high current circuits , low noise operation , and effective reduction of heat generating .
ThunderMaster
ThunderMaster is a utility program for the graphics card under Windows , and provides you to boost performance of the graphics card and to monitor the GPU information , which will only function correctly in conjunction with your new graphics adapter .
Thoughts on Making a Better Hall H Presentation at Comic-Con
I remember the feeling I used to get going into a movie for the first time . Back in the olden days , before instant marketing campaigns for films on the internet , a single television commercial and a poster were the only information about a movie that were usually available prior to its release . The trailer usually set up the world , and rarely did anything else .
Hall H at San Diego Comic-Con is the place where I can rediscover a bit of the magic that comes from being out ahead of the ubiquitous film marketing machine . Long before the viral campaigns start , the instantly downloadable clips are offered , and the embargo-busting reviews are published , I get to get a first glance . It takes me back by putting me ahead of the buzz .
Me and Hall H
My history at the Comic-Con began in 2004 , which also happened to be the first year that Hall H was used as a giant , 6,500-seat auditorium for large presentations by Hollywood studios . I 've been there for all of the big moments since then . Being among the first to see footage from 300 and hearing the audience beg to see it again , watching James Cameron unveil their shiny new Avatar footage and kick off a revolution in 3D film making , and watching Samuel L. Jackson assemble the Avengers were pretty mind-blowing moments . Not only were they great pieces of theater for those in the audience , but they inspired the kind of buzz that helped propel each film to great success .
Not all Hall H panels are created equal , however . For every great memory , there have been plodding trips through blurry production art and much , much worse . Just like success in Hall H can help launch a film to box office magic , a bad panel can cast a pall over even highly anticipated films . If the same minds are behind the panel and the film , their being entertaining for 20 minutes in a panel should be easier to manage than the entire length of a movie . If that mission is n't accomplished , why plunk down my cash on opening day and give them a second shot ?
So , here are a few thoughts about what makes for a good Hall H presentation , as well as a few suggestions on how to improve the panels in general .
The Reel
If you 're going to spend the money and create a Hall H presentation , it pays to make it unique and chock full of memorable moments . This task usually starts with a sizzle reel of footage from the film that is , it 's often emphasized more than once , “ created especially for those at Comic-Con and nobody else. ” The first time I heard that phrase , I felt very special indeed to be among those who got to see the footage . The fourth panel on that same day that used the line had pretty much spent the special out of it . At this point in Comic-Con history , the audience would probably rather that you create such a reel , show it to us and only us , and not really make a big deal out of it .
Tron : Legacy tried hard but failed on this front a couple of years ago . Not that the footage did n't have some drop-dead gorgeous work going on . Anybody who 's seen that trailer can testify to the fact that there are some beautiful visuals there . That , in fact , contributed to the problem : every neat shot that was in the reel was so irresistible that it was also included in the trailer that went public ten minutes after the panel ended . The feeling of exclusivity that the Hall H audience wants is stabbed in the heart when you show the same footage , or a slightly reworked version of it , to the world at large minutes later . It gives us nothing to go back and describe breathlessly in our blogs . If the marketing department feels like they absolutely must release that collection of footage , waiting a couple of weeks to let us feel special about it is a good idea .
You Must Be At Least This Awesome to Ride Hall H
The reel is your chance to demonstrate that you have something unique , so delivering on that front is of paramount importance . I understand that nobody sets out to make a bad movie . Still , there are an astonishing number of films that , from the vantage point of Hall H , appear to be pretty substandard judging both from the footage being shown and , more importantly , from the demeanor of the team being trotted out in front for the panel . It seems pretty clear from their lack of enthusiasm that they know the movie has problems , and that does n't exactly set the stage for an enjoyable panel experience .
So , a caveat might be useful : if you realize that your movie is n't particularly good but hope that all of the swords , gore , and laser guns might distract the crowd into thinking otherwise , you might be better off without doing the panel at all . If there really are tastemakers in Hall H , pleasing them is no guarantee of box office gold ( I will defend Scott Pilgrim to my dying breath ) , but the room has uncannily good sense when it comes to a movie that just does n't look very entertaining . Therefore , if you suspect you might not have the goods , the money might be better spent elsewhere .
The Reel : Sound
Use of the subwoofer during these reels cuts both ways . The sound system in Hall H may be a miracle of modern engineering , but if you 've already mixed your material with every level pumped up to 11 , the hefty subwoofer in the hall tends to go from exciting to punishing . Yes , you want to include a moment or two where the bass hits me in the chest so hard that I wish I had a defibrillator standing by , but overkill dulls the effect and has the added disadvantage of making every spoken line unintelligible . The Expendables are , admittedly , not really going to be a movie that I see for the dialogue . And yet somebody took some time to write that bon mot that I should be chuckling at , yet can not because they are being strangled to death by the subwoofer .
Test your mix , therefore , to make sure it 's both loud and able to be understood . My impression is that Comic-Con gives studios a chance to do a dry run before the slavering crowds enter the hall . Checking audio levels then is a great idea .
Final Reel Notes
Do not ask if we want to see your footage again . It comes off as desperate , even if you have your moderator do it . For the length of the panel , he 's on your team and having them beg for more adoration is unbecoming . I realize that when the audience first demanded a second look at the 300 footage , this was seen as a instant indicator of success , but the returns are greatly diminished when the second viewing of your footage is a scripted event rather than a grass-roots movement . The number of times I 've seen a moderator ask “ Do you want to see that amazing trailer again ? ” to have the audience return a rather lukewarm “ meh ” is too numerous and embarrassing to mention .
Also , if you are a comedy , the person editing your sizzle should have attended at least one Hall H panel in the audience . 6,500 people definitely do not react like a smaller crowd does . Hall H is an ungainly beast of a crowd and howls of laughter take much longer to die down than they would in a normal movie theatre . If you cut a trailer too tightly , the best of your jokes will get stepped on by the laughter from the bit before .
Q & A
You 've no doubt been told that Q & A is what sets Comic-Con apart from other gatherings . It 's a real opportunity for a lowly civilian to make a life memory and interact with somebody famous . That is certainly true .
What is n't true is that Q & A is what makes a Hall H panel . I do n't know whether the idea of spending large amounts of time in Q & A comes from Comic-Con International or the studios , but it needs to stop . There 's no denying that there is an occasional moment that comes from Q & A . Ryan Reynolds signing a copy of the giveaway Green Lantern comic for a young boy was , indeed , so sweet a moment that I needed a metformin afterward . The problem is that this moment happen about twice a convention at most . In the meantime , Q & A is mostly miserable .
The misery flows for several reasons . First , the interaction is a moment focused a single audience member in a theatre full of 6,499 other people . Second , it 's a long-distance exchange where the fan is standing half a football field away from the star . Third , Comic-Con has taken pains to screen out and cleanse potentially embarrassing or pointed questions . It takes some real skullduggery now for somebody to manage the rude equivalent of the year that director Mark Steven Johnson was asked how they planned not to screw up Ghost Rider the way that they did Daredevil . Was this a fun moment for the director ? I 'm sure it was n't . They actually handled it with aplomb , though , and everybody had a good laugh . Regardless of what you think of the Ghost Rider film the resulted , the moment was a net public relations win because , no matter how rude the question might have been , it 's one that every fan there wanted to know the answer to .
The result of this question screening is a steady stream of actor process ( “ How did you prepare to play Ant-Man ? ” ) , personal trivia ( “ What is your favorite role you 've played ? ” ) , and other kinds of minutiae that very few people are interested in . Mostly these milquetoast questions are pretext for the questioner to interact with a star . In the worst cases , the person asking the question does n't even really care which star answers the question , so long as they appear on the big screens at the front of Hall H and anybody famous interacts with them . Even when the questions do get interesting , they are either well-prepared jokes ( Bob ! ) or the incredibly rare question that leads to an official confirmation of a rumor ( “ Yes , I will be playing Invincible ! ” ) .
Upshot , you 'd do well to limit Q & A to a couple of minutes if this is a con-required element in Hall H and , if not , ditch it completely .
Moderators
One popular way to eliminate the Q & A from the audience is to invite your own moderator to conduct it for you . There 's some danger inherent in this approach , though , and it stems mostly from the choice of moderator . It 's not hard for a moderator to turn into a pitchman who comes off like a desperate huckster .
Among the good moderators , there are a few schools : journalists , interested insiders , and the nerds for hire . Each has its own requirements for success , and brings to the table some advantages that the others may not have at all .
Journalists
The true journalist moderators who are not affiliated with the production tend to ask questions of the same type they would for their news outlet , and the net result can be a fascinating exchange . The best of these by far are Jeff “ Doc ” Jensen of Entertainment Weekly and Geoff Boucher of the LA Times . Their preparation and professionalism shine , but it is also clear that they are serious fanboys who love nerd culture , and that buys a lot of goodwill with the likeminded mass that make up the audience .
Interested Insiders
Interested insiders like Jon Favreau , Edgar Wright , or Guillermo del Toro are fun because they have the behind-the-scenes access to know where the bodies are buried and , most importantly , seem hard-wired to want to entertain a live crowd . Having somebody associated with or clearly friendly to the production allows you to get your message out while maintaining a level of control . However , it 's a rare director or producer who is entertaining enough to pull this off . The asupervisorstioned clearly want to put on a show and are great at it , but in the absence of a peculiarly skilled asset , going this route will generally fail .
Nerds for Hire
And then there are the nerds for hire like Patton Oswalt or Chris Hardwick . They bring with them a level of geek credit that puts you ahead of the game by their mere appearance . They also have knowledge of pop culture and sometimes even your particular property that will help lend credibility to the film . Oswalt did amazing , spontaneous work one year with the Disney panel , riffing on what they were seeing up on the big screens , the contents of the reels , and the con experience in general . The next year they returned , but somebody seemed to have the bright idea of giving them a script to stick to , which seemed like a waste of brilliant improvisational skills . Not having every moment carefully orchestrated can be a powerful tool in a Hall H panel , especially if you have the right moderator .
Other Notes on Moderators
If the movie is a adaptation of a comic or graphic novel , you would do well to make sure that your moderator knows the source material . The less venerable and obscure the source material , the more this is important . Sending the moderator your show or series bible will be worth it when he 's not mispronouncing the title character 's name or asking questions that even casual fans already know the answer to . In general , the rule for film plots works well here : you do not want the audience to be out ahead of the material . So , having a moderator who is completely wired into the material helps you avoid any credibility gaps .
Stars
Short version , have them . The mainstream media obviously love the opportunity to interview them and the Hall H audience appreciates greatly their showing up and supporting the film . It speaks volumes , actually , about the overall quality of the film . One helpful hint : if you wish to keep a guest 's appearance on a panel as a surprise , you might want to consider not putting their Comic-Con placard out at their seat before the panel starts . This happens quite a lot .
For stars , if you 're going to try to blend in as part of the Comic-Con tribe and drop what you think is a reference that 's going to resonate with the crowd , you have two options . The first is to actually be a part of the tribe . The second , for fakers , is to make sure you vet your reference with a certified tribe member . Otherwise , you end up sounding a bit desperate and more than a little confused , like the time one star , while talking about their undying love of video games , referred to “ first player shooters. ” Ugh . Do n't be this person .
Conclusion
Success in Hall H is a moving target . One year 's fantastic surprise of sending a taped regret message from a star only to have them walk out five minutes later is going to come off the next year as derivative and derision-worthy . The best advice for success in Hall H is this : know what has come before and top it .
Advertisements
I 've been having the busiest summer of my life . Besides having 2 kids in baseball on 2 different teams , my small business has been crazy busy . I was on the fence about joining in on this round of exchanges as a result , but when I noticed it ended on my birthday I figured it would be a nice pick me up during this crazy time .
Shortly after the exchange started I was contacted by my Disney Santa . They said we had similar interests in Disney , so I was really excited to see what they came up with . Late last week they contacted me again to let me know they ordered me something and it would be coming soon . The suspense built ...
Yesterday afternoon my kids were helping me load up my car with orders I was shipping out ( from my little business ) when I noticed a small yellow box on my front porch . It was a minion box from Amazon ! I quickly ran it into the house with the idea that I would open it after I got back from the post office ... I got about 3 feet away from it and changed my mind . I tore it open to find two wrapped gifts from my Disney Santa .
They were both about the same shape , except one was a little bit thicker . The skinnier of the two said to open first . They also said that they and their family watch this movie every Christmas and they have it memorized . I tore it open to find my very favorite version of A Christmas Carol ... A MUPPET CHRISTMAS CAROL . It really is the best version . Gonzo makes a great Charles Dickens .
The second package was a little heavier . My first thought was YAY a book , but when I opened the tag it said it was n't exactly a Disney gift , but many Disney experiences could be enjoyed with it . HHMMMM ... what could it be ?
That 's when I opened it to discover a brand new Kindle Fire HD7 . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I had about 20 seconds of stunned astonishment while my brain processed what I had in my hand before I stared jumping up and down and screaming my head off like a crazy person . My kids who were still loading up the car came running in thinking something horrible had happened .
About a month or two ago my first kindle fire had started having battery issues . I had posted on the Kindle page with the hopes someone would know a solution . Someone did have a good tip which helped me get more than 15 minutes of charge out of it , but at best I get 3 or 4 hours before I have to charge it again . polunu seen my post and figured this was the perfect gift for me . Boy was they right !
I 'm still a little stunned that a perfect stranger would be willing to spend that much money on me to bring me happiness . I ca n't even begin to say how thankful I am for such a wonderful Santa . Please know that I fully intend to pay forward the generosity you bestowed upon me . I only hope that I can give someone else a little bit of the joy you gave me with this gift .
Marc Adams grew up in a household where Jerry Falwell was considered a liberal , but this preacher 's son is now on a two-person crusade to expose discrimination against lesbian and gay youth in this country 's fundamentalist schools and try to help the victims .
“ I must speak for the gay and lesbian youth whose lives are being damaged , ruined and sometimes ended by religious educational institutions that expel them for suspicion of homosexual activity , ” Adams said . “ They have no voice and in many cases wind up like me , believing that there is a righteous punishment for being gay . ”
Adams has written a book called The Preacher 's Son — available on Amazon — which they call “ 224 pages Jerry Falwell does n't want you to read. ” In it , they talk about being raised as the son of a fundamentalist Baptist preacher and about struggling with their sexual orientation from a young age . They tell of the abuses they suffered in the name of God at the hands of their parents and their college .
Adams ' parents ruled the house by what they believed was God 's law . The family owned a TV , but the children were only allowed to watch certain programs . Their parents would not even let the children watch all televangelist Jerry Falwell 's “ Old Time Gospel Hour. ” The music was fine , but Falwell , who most consider as ultra-conservative , preached sermons that Adams ' parents considered too liberal .
“ In my parents ' house , we were to keep ourselves from being contaminated by the rest of the world , ” Adams said . “ That meant depriving ourselves anything considered worldly . ”
Some episodes of Little House on the Prairie , The Waltons , Grizzly Adams and Wild Kingdom were about the only other acceptable programs .
“ Questioning the authority of the Bible or the authority of our parents was rebellion , ” they said . “ We were often reminded how the Bible gave approval for parents to stone rebellious children . ”
When Adams was 3 years old , their father was carrying them past some equipment used to pave streets . Adams reached out , touched the grease , then wiped it on their father 's clothes . Adams said they saw the intense anger in their father 's eyes as their father dropped them on the ground . Two years later , Adams their father spinning them violently by the ankles until their mother stopped it .
Remember , Adams ' father was a preacher .
By high school , Adams was so desperate to escape their oppressive family that they entered an accelerated program and graduated a year early . At age 16 , they were off to Liberty Bible College , Jerry Falwell 's school .
Since Adams wanted to major in television and advertising , their parents said they could n't support him . ( That field was too worldly . ) But they went anyway . While it was an improvement over their home situation , they saw friends and acquaintances forced to leave because they were suspected or known to be gay . Discrimination was everywhere at what would become Liberty University .
Adams knew their story needed to be told , so with their partner they created Window Books and published The Preacher 's Son . Now , using the book ( and a book of poetry Adams has written ) to raise money and as a tool to create interest , they travel the country speaking to whoever will listen about discrimination against lesbian and gay youth at religious schools .
The crusades that shaped America 's early history were often by groups of people intent on bringing Christianity to the often already spiritual Native Americans . Adams and their partner , a group of two , are now trying to help show the truth about life to gay and lesbian youth who have been the victims of lies from a religion that persecutes them .
“ All across the United States , teenagers are being kicked out of their schools and universities , ” Adams said . In many cases , they said , the students are given the choice of entering a counseling program to “ cure ” them of their homosexuality and staying in school or calling their parents and coming out . They call this harassment of gay students a “ hate crime . ”
“ They have to go home and face their parents and their siblings and friends , ” they said . “ I have seen the humiliation , fear and loss of self-worth in the eyes of these kids – my friends . I have wept the tears for those who felt there was no room for them in this life . ”
But now , with the help of the groups they encounter along their trek around the country , they are sending a copy of their brochure about “ hate crimes ” at religious educational institutions entitled “ What About Love ? ” to every religious school in the country . The envelopes are hand-addressed and they encourage those to whom they speak to take a few envelopes , add postage , and mail them .
Little by little , their crusade is making a difference .
“ For several months now , I 've been in contact with current gay students at Liberty University , ” they said . “ You would n't believe how relieved they are to know they are n't the only ones . ”
“ An entirely new world of life and opportunity is now in their vision . ”
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has said a widespread outbreak of the Ebola virus , which has killed thousands in the West African countries of Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , will probably not be replicated in the U.S. or Europe thanks to the advanced health care systems in the West .
Christopher Dye , the director of strategy for the WHO , told the BBC that the potential spread of Ebola in the West was a matter “ for very serious concern , ” but added that an epidemic was improbable .
See The Tobacco Leaves That Could Cure Ebola Mathieu Belanger—Reuters Sean Gallup—Getty Images Mathieu Belanger—Reuters Mathieu Belanger—Reuters Sean Gallup—Getty Images Sean Gallup—Getty Images 1 of 6 Advertisement
“ We 're confident that in North America and Western Europe , where health systems are very strong , that we 're unlikely to see a major outbreak in any of those places , ” Dye said .
The U.S. , meanwhile , is dealing with its third Ebola case as Amber Vinson , a nurse who treated the country 's first patient who died earlier this month , was diagnosed with the disease .
It was revealed on Wednesday that Vinson was cleared to get on a plane by a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention official just a few days prior , despite having a mild temperature . Officials are attempting to track down and monitor their 131 fellow passengers .
U.S. President Barack Obama , who canceled two consecutive campaign events in order to take firmer action on Ebola , echoed the WHO view in a statement . “ The dangers of a serious outbreak are extraordinarily low , ” they said , “ but we are taking this very seriously at the highest levels of government . ”
[ BBC ]
Write to Rishi Iyengar at rishi.iyengar @ timeasia.com .
United Parcel Service has told its white-collar employees that it will stop providing health care coverage to their spouses who can obtain coverage through their own employers , joining an increasing number of companies that are restricting or eliminating spousal health benefits .
U.P.S. , the world 's largest package delivery company , said its decision was prompted in part by “ costs associated with ” the federal health care law that is commonly called Obamacare . Some health care experts , however , said they believed the company was motivated by a desire to hold down health care costs , rather than because of cost increases under the law .
In a memo addressed to employees , U.P.S . said , “ Limiting plan eligibility is one way to manage ongoing health care costs , now and into the future , so that we can continue to provide affordable coverage for our employees . ”
The memo also estimated that about 33,000 spouses were covered under its insurance plan for white-collar employees and that “ about 15,000 of these would have health care coverage available through their own employers . ”
trump sad : (
On Wednesday , we reported that FBI Director James Comey finally found some time , between washing their hair and writing fake Hillary emails in their Trapper Keeper so they can play like he 's `` investigating '' them , to go over to Congress to give Senators Chuck Grassley and Dianne Feinstein , respectively the chairperson and ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , a briefing on the Trump Russia investigation . Two other members of the committee , Republican Lindsey Graham and Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse , have also been demanding that the FBI turn over any `` evidence '' it has that Barack Obama put a `` wire tapp '' in Donald Trump 's bottom , like Trump claimed on Twitter . But that 's unfair , because the Justice Department and the FBI need more time to find this `` evidence '' that definitely exists !
Well , seems like Republicans have just 'bout had it with this shit . Or as the New York Times puts it , they are getting `` openly testy '' about it ! First let 's look at this hot-off-the-presses letter from the Senate Intelligence Committee , signed by committee chair GOP Senator Richard Burr . It calls utter BS on Trump 's `` wire tapp '' claims :
That is , um , pretty definitive ! And a big EFF YOU to Trump !
Next , let 's visit with Speaker Paul Ryan , who Thursday morning came this close to calling Trump a lying liar who lies all the time , in regards to their `` wire tapp '' allegations :
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday that `` no such wiretap existed , '' citing intelligence reports to House leaders after President Donald Trump accused then-President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower last year . `` The intelligence committees , in their continuing , widening , ongoing investigations of all things Russia , got to the bottom -- at least so far with respect to our intelligence community -- that no such wiretap existed , '' Ryan said in response to a question from CNN at a news conference .
Paul Ryan is probably just saying cruel lies because they secretly hate Donald Trump , MUST ALERT BREITBART !
So , that 's the Senate Intelligence Committee and the speaker of the House , saying Trump 's bullshit claim is bullshit . What about the other Republicans the NYT says are so TESTY right now ?
The Republican chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee , Representative Devin Nunes of California , told reporters on Capitol Hill that “ I do n't think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower ” and that Mr. Trump , if taken literally , is simply “ wrong . ”
Devin Nunes LOVES Donald Trump , and they wanted to investigate the `` wire tapp '' so bad ! How can they betray the idiot `` president '' this way ? ET TU , DEVIN ?
Jeff Sessions , the attorney general , said they had provided no information to Mr. Trump that might have formed the basis for the president 's claim .
Jefferson Beauregard ! How do you say `` ET TU , JEFF ? '' in Alabamian-ese ? Oh that 's right , you say it like , `` Bless your heart . ''
As we mentioned Wednesday , Senator Lindsey Graham has been so sassy about this that they and Chuck Grassley are threatening to hold up the confirmation of Rod Rosenstein , the nominee to be deputy attorney general , AKA the guy who would be responsible for overseeing investigations into Trump 's ties with Russia , since Jeff Sessions had to recuse himself . So mark South Carolina Sassypants and Grassley down as `` testy . ''
The Times points out that all this has put Justice in a weird kind of damned-if-you-do , damned-if-you-do n't kind of place . On one hand , if they call bullshit on Trump , they 're , you know , calling the president a big liar . ( Comey basically asked Justice to do just that . ) If it turns out that some FISA warrant did exist , then they 're probably confirming they have the goods on Trump , which would be UH OH !
But has Donald Trump not completely clarified that they did n't really mean `` wire tapp '' when they said `` wire tapp '' ? Um sort of not really ! In a wide-ranging interview with Tucker Carlson that showed off the full breadth of the president 's intellect ( they talked about how fun Twitter is ) , Trump explained that it all really comes down to what the definition of `` is '' `` wire tapp '' is :
[ D ] o n't forget , when I say wiretapping , those words were in quotes . That really covers , because wiretapping is pretty old fashioned stuff . But that really covers surveillance and many other things . And nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes , but that 's a very important thing . But wiretap covers a lot of different things . I think you 're going to find some very interesting items coming to the forefront over the next two weeks .
Tucker Carlson 's next question to Trump , we shitteth you not , was `` Do you talk to anyone before you tweet ? ''
But you see , all this stuff about chasing down a `` wire tapp '' is n't the point , even though Trump said Obama did a `` wire tapp '' to him , because Trump was talking about a WIDE RANGE of things , up to and including how maybe Kellyanne Conway 's Hungry-Man frozen dinners are recording EVERY WORD They Say . Ca n't you see how they put `` wire tapp '' in quotes ?
To be clear , Trump puts things in quotes all the time , because they do n't know the rules of punctuation . ( For god 's sake , GQ did a whole investigation into the man 's use of quotation marks . ) And to be even more clear , they did n't put `` wire tapp '' in quotes every single time in the tweets that started this whole controversy . Dumbass McSpellsBad definitely did not put it in quotes when they wrote , `` How low has Obama gone to tapp my phones , '' and ended their interrogatory sentence with a period .
In summary , Trump is a fucking idiot and even Republicans are starting to figure it out , hip hip hooray !
Wonkette is fully reader-funded , so throw us a few dollars by clicking the banner below !
[ CNN / New York Times / Washington Post ]
Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz wants to make something perfectly clear : When the Federal Reserve starts raising interest rates , Canada 's central bank wo n't necessarily follow immediately .
`` The main thing people should understand is that our policy is quite capable of being fully independent , as it has been these past few years , '' Mr. Poloz said in an interview at the annual gathering of central bankers and economists at Jackson Hole , Wyo. , over the weekend .
Mr. Poloz 's comments followed a speech by Janet Yellen , in which the Fed chair embraced the possibility that stronger economic growth could prompt the U.S. central bank to lift its benchmark lending rate sooner than expected . History shows interest-rate cycles in Canada and the United States are highly correlated . Many investors assume there is a `` reaction function '' in Canada to U.S. monetary policy : Where the Fed goes , the Bank of Canada must follow .
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Poloz 's assertion that they will set their own path could inform speculation on Bay Street and Wall Street about when the Bank of Canada will adjust its interest-rate setting . Most analysts assume the next move will be an increase , and that higher borrowing costs will come in the summer of 2015 . Current expectations are that the Fed will lift the federal funds rate from zero at roughly the same time , or a month or two earlier .
Mr. Poloz 's comments suggest the lag between the Fed 's first interest-rate increase since 2006 and the Bank of Canada 's shift higher could be longer than investors currently expect .
A broad rethink across financial markets about the linkage between Fed and Bank of Canada policy could put downward pressure on the Canadian dollar and various short-term interest rates . Even though any change at either central bank still is believed to be many months away , investors base immediate decisions on expectations of the future . If they sense the Bank of Canada could leave its benchmark rate lower for longer , they will adjust what they are willing to pay now for Canadian bonds , the currency and other assets tied to the interest rate .
Mr. Poloz refused to discuss their timetable for adjusting interest rates in explicit terms . `` In the last several months we 've gone to some lengths to pull ourselves out of a forward-guidance setting , '' they said . `` We are really careful not to translate our analysis into a path for the interest rate . ''
Canada 's central bank long has insisted its policy decisions are not directly influenced by the Fed 's actions , but market participants have always been skeptical . Mr. Poloz 's predecessor , Mark Carney , conceded in 2010 that there `` are limits to the divergence that there can be between Canada and the United States . '' Mr. Poloz acknowledged that while `` theoretically '' the gap between Canadian and U.S. policy rates `` could be anything , '' the Bank of Canada `` never will be 100 per cent independent '' because the Canadian and U.S. economies are so closely intertwined .
While Mr. Poloz insisted they are n't making predictions , they offered several reasons to explain why they would feel no pressure to reflexively follow the Fed . For one , the Bank of Canada has a head start . `` It 's worth reminding people that we are at 1 per cent , '' Mr. Poloz said . `` In this world , that 's a high number when everything is starting at zero . ''
The Bank of Canada is seeking to return its benchmark interest rate to a setting that neither stokes inflation nor hurts the economy . Before the crisis , the `` equilibrium rate '' was understood to be about 4 per cent . The central bank now thinks scars from the crisis have lowered that rate . `` When you think the equilibrium number is at some lower rate than in the past , which I do , but I do n't know yet what it might be , then at least we know that we are a part way there already , '' Mr. Poloz said .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The other factor is the relative strength of the two economies . The U.S. has considerable forward momentum , while Canada still is waiting on a revival in exports and business investment . Stronger demand in the U.S. should benefit Canada 's economy . Monetary policy in the two countries is so similar because of their close trade links : When the U.S. economy grows , Canada sells more exports , which boosts economic growth and puts upward pressure on inflation .
Canada 's loss of market share raises questions about whether stronger U.S. growth will boost Canada 's economy to the extent it has in the past . Mr. Poloz says they are counting on new exporters to replace those wiped out by the recession , creating an incentive to leave borrowing costs low to help those entrepreneurs get started . Canada 's job growth this year is almost entirely driven by part-time positions , while U.S. employers are adding jobs at one of the most impressive rates on record .
`` The linkage between their recovery and ours is not mechanical … We still have question marks around ours , '' Mr. Poloz said . `` We ought to be able to strike a fully independent course determined by these other things quite independently of what theirs are . ''
[ Md . Hazrat Ali - Banglapedia ]
Relationship between outputs and inputs in the production of agricultural commodities . It depends upon a large number of factors including the geographical features of a given territory , climatic conditions , water control , production technology , education and skill level of farmers , transportation and other infrastructure elements , extension and input supply systems , research and dissemination of its findings , and the like . The agriculture sector in Bangladesh accounts for about one-third of ' the GDP and two-thirds of the labour force . The sector has not been able to achieve a satisfactory level of productivity mainly because of the age-old traditional farming system in a fragmented land ownership structure and the inability of the marginal , small , and even medium scale landowners to introduce modern technology for want of capital and managerial ability . Inadequate supply as well as high price of fertilizers , quality seeds , pesticides , and similar other inputs , as well as lack of proper irrigation facilities , and extension services , added with natural calamaitics like flood , drought , salinity , etc . also substantially affect agricultural productivity in the country.Considering the topography , land use pattern , soil characteristics , climatic conditions , and crop diversification , the country has been divided into 30 Agroecological zones , having differences in agricultural productivity . One way of measuring agricultural productivity in Bangladesh is to first classify agricultural products into different groups and then analyze productivity of each of them . Agricultural products of Bangladesh may be classified as crops , fruits , livestock , fishery , forestry and products , and the crops as cereal , pulse , oilseed , fibre , narcotic , beverage , sugar , root and tuber , condiments and spices , and vegetable sub-groups.rice is the most important cereal crop of the country and accounts for about 95 percent of all crops of the subgroup . Rice is cultivated in about 10.53 million ha , which is about 80 percent of the country 's total cropped area . Between 1995-96 and 2005-06 the production of local ' varieties had decreased by 21 percent , HYV and rice as a whole increased by 80 and 50 percent ' respectively . But productivity in terms of growth of output as compared to increased use rate of inputs remained almost stagnant , largely because of depletion of soil fertility under increased cropping ' intensity , and unbalanced use of fertilisers and other chemical nutrients . Productivity of ' maize increased by 17 thousand percent ( from 3,000 mt-522,000 mt ) whereas , wheat had decreased by 46 percent and barley , Jowar , bajra , cheena and other cereals demonstrated a alarming declining trend in the above reference decade . Acreage and production of pulses had grown by about 47 ' and 62 percent respectively in the two decades between 1985-86 and 2005-06 but the productivity declined gradually due to non-availability of high input responsive technology , and of high yielding varieties , and poor extension services . Productivity of oilseed production ' increased in the country by about 125 ' percent between 1985-86 and 2005-06 , although the growth fell much short of the rate of growth of the demand for oil seed during the period.Between 1995-96 and 2005-06 there has been a systematic decline in the rate of growth of acreage , production and productivity of the principal fibre crop jute . The acreage under cotton , its total production had decreased remarkably over the period . During the same reference period ' the productivity of beverage crops , narcotic crops , root and tuber crops ; and condiments and spices had increased ' the production by 12 , 21 , 132 and 276 percent respectively , and that of ' fruits and vegetable crops ' increased ' by 103 and 119 ' percent respectively , while that of sugarcane had declined by 23 percent.Production of livestock and poultry ( egg , meat and milk ) had increased in absolute volume due to the fast development of poultry and dairy farms in 1985-2005 . Annual production of fish had also increased substantially in this period . Increase in productivity of fish culture , livestock and poultry , although ' not very significant , was achieved as a result of the positive response of the privat sector to government , ' NGO 's and donor 's initiatives to develop organised farming to supplant and replace traditional practices.Of all the different groups of agricultural products , forestry is the one that had shown a very slow increase in both absolute volume of production and productivity . Between 1985-86 and 2005-06 the forestland in the country had ' increased from 2.26 million ha to 2.60 million ha , and timber production had ' increased by ' 30 percent , ' increased is due to afforestation ( social foresty , hill foresty and coastal foresty ) and ' proper care and management practices . The overall situation of agricultural productivity during the reference period was not very satisfactory , although the government had undertaken a large number of programmes on its own in addition to the donor 's supported programmes to improve it . Such programmes include increased supply of improved seeds , fertilisers , pesticides , and irrigation facilities , research on farming practices and farm management , improved extension services and block demonstrations on system based target yields . There are however , many systemic and institutional weaknesses that keep the efficiency in delivery of these services at a low level .
Meet the Hive Project team !
Domen Ursic Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 23 , 2017
Our team is multidisciplinary , international and highly dedicated to bringing Hive Project to the international stage — transforming invoice financing and creating long-term value for contributors in the process .
The co-founders , Jure Soklic and Dejan Jovanovic , have multiple decades of international business experience behind them in the financial and software engineering industries , respectively . After working on the idea for Hive Project for over 2 years , they brought together a team of individuals to ensure Hive Project 's success .
The team has a great mixture of old and new , with members having previously worked on projects such as Iconomi and for companies such as Bitstamp and Bank of America . With a wealth of blockchain development knowledge at our development team 's disposal , the project has everything it takes to succeed .
Our team and concept have been recognized in Barcelona — the CoinAgenda judges awarded Hive Project the accolade of being the top up-and-coming company , following in the footsteps of Bancor , which won CoinAgenda 's Puerto Rican conference in March .
With previous CoinAgenda winners having gone on to raise millions of dollars in follow-on funding ( Bancor raised $ 153 million ) , we are honoured to be their successor !
Want to be part of a winning project that 's set to revolutionize the finance industry ?
Join the discussion on Slack and follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
A spoken word poem by 2-time National Poetry Slam champion , activist and social justice educator Guante .
“ New piece . I really hate those Miller Lite commercials , but it 's definitely bigger than just that . Felt good to talk about it on stage . This is one of the first performances of this piece , and it 'll probably be polished some and hopefully filmed more professionally at some point . But I wanted to post it now .
On a side note , I know there are a ton of spoken-word pieces out there about masculinity . I 've got this one too . But I think it 's important to keep talking about these issues , especially if you can do it in a creative way , or at least have a new angle or hook . I think there 's a bad tendency in spoken-word circles to dismiss any poem that covers well-trod territory ( like “ here 's another hip hop poem , ” or “ here 's another domestic violence poem ” ) and while I completely understand where that 's coming from and agree that we should be pushing ourselves in terms of subject matter , I ALSO believe that certain topics deserve the attention . Especially as someone who works with young people–particularly young men– I like to have three or four of these kinds of poems in my pocket .
Anyways , hope you like it . Might be a bit of a “ preaching to the choir ” piece in some ways , but that all depends on with whom we all share it . Any FB posts , tweets , tumblr posts , re-blogs and whatever are much appreciated , as always . ”
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
—
Photo : pictureorpictures/Flickr
The state high school football championships will move to Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis this fall after a 14-year run at M & T Bank Stadium , where a natural grass field replaced artificial turf in May .
Ravens officials said the new natural grass likely could not sustain four football games between Dec. 1 and 3 and be in good shape for the Ravens to play the Miami Dolphins on Sunday , Dec. 4 .
Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium has artificial turf and Andy Warner , executive director of the Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletics Association , said the Naval Academy 's stadium has all the amenities state officials require for athletes and spectators .
“ It 's absolutely beautiful -- seating on both sides of the facility , availability to provide locker rooms for each team coming , Warner said . `` And when you think about the venues in our state – and we really pride ourselves on taking our state championships to some of the best venues in the state – I think you take an overall look at the stadium and parking right next to the stadium , the entrances , the seating capacity , the seating viewpoints , the accessibility for the teams , it offers a complete package of what you 're looking for for the state championships . ''
Dunbar coach Lawrence Smith , who has coached the Poets at M & T Bank Stadium six times -- and won five titles -- since they took over the program in 2007 , likes the move .
They said they do n't think players will be disappointed .
`` Great move . M & T is too big . It will bring a great college atmosphere there , '' said Smith . `` I do n't know why it moved , but it should have been returned to a college . I always wanted it at Morgan or Navy , maybe even Towson . It will give it a major atmosphere . ''
M & T Bank Stadium 's capacity is about 71,000 while Navy Marine-Corps Memorial Stadium holds about 38,000
`` At 38,000 , we feel that we 're the right size for this event and we 're very excited to have it here , '' said Bill Givens , Navy associate athletic director for operations .
Given believes it 's good for the players and good for Navy .
CAPTION St. Frances Academy football players commit to Division I football colleges and take part in signing day at the high school . ( Kenneth K. Lam , Baltimore Sun video ) St. Frances Academy football players commit to Division I football colleges and take part in signing day at the high school . ( Kenneth K. Lam , Baltimore Sun video ) CAPTION City and Poly players discuss the upcoming 130th edition of their football rivalry game . ( Katherine Dunn , Baltimore Sun video ) City and Poly players discuss the upcoming 130th edition of their football rivalry game . ( Katherine Dunn , Baltimore Sun video )
`` Any time that you can get student-athletes , football players on your field into your venue , it 's great , '' they said . `` One , it 's great exposure for the kids playing in a collegiate stadium , but also the exposure to Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium , the field that they could potentially be playing on one day .
The plan remains to play one state final game Thursday night , Dec. 1 , one Friday night , Dec. 2 and two Saturday , Dec. 3 .
However , those plans will have to change if Navy 's football team finishes its season with the best record in the American Athletic Conference and hosts the championship game on Dec. 2 .
Last year , it came down to the final regular-season game when Navy fell to Houston and Houston hosted the conference championship . Givens said their staff is preparing for both .
If Navy hosts , the MPSSAA would have to move both Saturday games and almost certainly the Friday game , Givens said , because of the college teams ' Friday walk through and press conference . It 's possible all four games would have to be changed .
Warner said the games could move to a different site or move to other days the following week at Navy .
It 's almost impossible to have a set contingency plan because most of the other college fields the MPSSAA might use have the same issue with possibly hosting games in football or soccer .
The state has had to adjust its plans for state championships in many sports over the years , most recently in May when the Big East Baseball Championship was held at Ripken Stadium , forcing state officials to move one state final to College Park and delay the other three .
`` To me , it 's not that big a deal , because we 're used to making these types of adjustments if necessary . Lots of things come up when you do n't own a facility , '' Warner said . `` We 're as flexible as we can be coming up with back-up plans . ''
M & T Bank Stadium will continue to host the City-Poly and Calvert Hall-Loyola rivalry football games , but they are just single games – City Poly on Nov. 5 and Calvert Hall-Loyola on Thanksgiving Day .
Four games in three days , however , could be too much , said Kevin Byrne , vice president of public and community relations for the Ravens .
“ We felt that it would just be too much wear and tear on the field to do it this year , ” Byrne said of the state finals . “ We 're still going to host Poly-City and Calvert Hall-Loyola and we 'll still have events in the off season on the field , but we 'll have to assess this as we go forward , because frankly we have n't had a grass field for a long time . ”
Byrne said the Ravens have seen first hand what a run of high school state championships can do to a grass field .
“ We played Pittsburgh a few years ago where they hosted state high school championships and it rained a lot the previous couple of days , ” Byrne said . “ We played there on Sunday and the field was not in good shape and we had some discussion between the Steelers and the [ NFL ] before the game was played , so we thought we 'd be cautious especially in the first year that we had a grass field . ”
The deal with Navy is for one year and Byrne and Warner saidiwhile t 's possible the state championships could return to M & T someday , there are no plans for that now .
Warner said they expect coaches and players will embrace the chance to play at Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium .
“ I think it 's going to be a great experience , ” they said. ” There 's such a strong tradition of Navy sports and Navy football , the opportunity dress in their locker rooms and compete on the same field that the Naval Academy competes on , I think that 's pretty special in itself .
`` It was special at M & T Bank , the home of the Ravens , but with the grass field there and the number of games we have to play there in a few days ' span , that causes some other issues , so we are very thankful to them for the years they opened up their stadium to us . But just like when football moved from the University of Maryland to M & T Bank , it 's a new opportunity , a new chapter in our state championship history and I think it 's something to look forward to . ”
The Cubs are expected to pursue a trade for Ben Zobrist of the Athletics this summer , according to Gordon Wittenmyer of the Chicago Sun-Times . Zobrist recently returned to action after missing time for knee surgery .
Zobrist , who just turned 34 , has played all over the diamond in their career , registering stellar defensive marks at numerous positions . In recent years , he 's spent most of their time at second base and the corner outfield , though they played at short quite a bit earlier in their career . Of course , Zobrist has also consistently delivered well-above-average production on offense , with a career .264/.354/.429 batting line .
All said , Zobrist has been one of the ten most valuable all-around position players in the game since the start of 2011 . They are still a bargain with only a $ 7.5MM salary this season , though he 'll hit the open market after the year .
A trade would , of course , render Zobrist ineligible for a qualifying offer , and Oakland will surely be looking for a return that exceeds the value of a compensatory draft pick if it decides to move them at the trade deadline . That is no sure thing , as Wittenmyer notes , as Oakland still hopes to get back into contention .
From the Cubs ' perspective , adding Zobrist would make obvious sense , though that can be said of many other teams as well . The veteran thrived under skipper Joe Maddon when both were with the Rays , and he 'd offer the team ample flexibility while deepening its lineup . While Chicago has enjoyed strong production at many spots in the everyday lineup , its bench has been underwhelming .
When told in Scotland that a `` consensus '' exists over some policy , it is wise to assume the opposite . For the past few months , legislative progress on the Scotland Bill has gracefully proceeded on the basis of a three-party consensus on the matter . How safe is that assumption ?
I am not sure it is safe within the Labour ranks , where many view it as yet another concession to Alex Salmond and the SNP . And within the Conservative rank and file it is increasingly clear little consensus prevails at all over this legislation .
Last weekend Lord Forsyth , the former Scottish secretary , speaking at a packed fringe meeting of the party 's spring conference in Perth , described the plans to hand new powers to the Scottish Parliament as `` a time bomb at the heart of the Union '' .
When it comes to throwing incendiary devices , Lord Forsyth is well practised . A time bomb for the Union this may or may not be . But there is no doubting the fizzing grenade they have tossed into the Scottish Conservatives . They said the bill threatened Scotland 's living standards , public services and the Union itself . `` It will certainly result '' , they declared , `` in Scotland becoming the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom . ''
Lord Forsyth was robustly opposed by Murdo Fraser MSP , likely to be one of the contenders in the leadership contest after the parliamentary elections in May . They warned that the party had opposed devolution in the past - a stance that had cost it dear : `` By railing against these proposals , we risk making the same mistake again . ''
The meeting overwhelmingly backed Forsyth . Trouble could now lie ahead . This was the first time that the rank and file of the party had been given any opportunity to discuss what is by any standards a major constitutional change - one to which its leadership has signed up with very little consultation of members .
As to the bill itself , it is clear that many party loyalists want nothing to do with it and favour Lord Forsyth 's call for a referendum .
This has opened up wearily familiar charges of a party that is `` anti-Scottish '' , unwilling or unable to shake off its addiction to `` toxic '' policies . Lord Forsyth was described this week as a `` dinosaur '' . Can the `` Thatcher '' tag be far behind ?
But you do not need to be against the principle of the Scotland Bill to share honest doubts about how this legislation will work in practice . Indeed , this party of all parties has good reason to be cautious about rushing to embrace changes in taxation without fully considering what the consequences might be.Take , for example , the excellent submissions put in by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland and the Chartered Institute of Taxation , casually dismissed by some as `` technical '' . They are far from technical . Tax law must be reliable and robust . The papers argue the need for a statutory definition of who is and who is not a Scottish taxpayer to avoid the many ambiguities and anomalies which , if unaddressed , could corrode public confidence in any use of extra tax powers . And it is by no means clear how the tax machinery to operate a Scottish income tax is to be accountable to the Scottish Government .
Arguably the most troubling aspect of the bill is the wide power being given to the Treasury to make changes by statutory instrument , thus allowing secondary legislation to make structural changes to primary legislation without proper oversight from parliament . This has been dubbed `` a Henry VIII provision '' . It hardly smacks of progress .
And I have yet to hear from any Scottish economist an assessment of what the economic benefits might be of a dual tax system and whether these would outweigh the costs - to employers , the Revenue and the Scottish Government .
Lord Forsyth is not alone in their concerns about this bill . Jim and Margaret Cuthbert , in an important paper submitted on the issue , warn of a tax system that could leave Scotland worse off in revenue terms and unable to enjoy the revenue benefits of any macro-economic boost to the Scottish economy through lowering the rate of income tax . We may end up losers . There is little evidence on the extent , if any , of a Laffer curve effect for personal income tax ( as opposed to business tax ) reduction .
Nor has the potential reaction of businesses and individuals been considered on dual tax powers . One consequence may be what economists call `` Ricardian equivalence '' - a situation where businesses hold back from spending for fear of higher taxes round the corner .
So far the Scottish Parliament has declined to use the tax powers it already has . So why is there `` consensus '' on a bill to enhance powers as yet unused ? If the response is that taxes would only be varied in unforeseen circumstances and emergencies , that is hardly likely to assure at all .
So what we have is a bill trundling through parliament on a false premise of `` consensus '' , where there is no public clamour , where many supporters of the parties supporting it are opposed , and where the `` opposition '' comes from the SNP , which has arguably more to gain than any other party .
Lord Forsyth may be right or wrong with their warnings about the effects on the Union . They are surely right to bring this issue out of the closet . This `` consensus '' is an artifice - and honesty is long overdue .
As an eco-conscious consumer , I find parenting stressful . I worry about environmental toxins and how they will affect my 2-1/2 year old son . Before I launched Green Mom Guide , I worked in environmental and health policy , so I know that government does not always put environmental protection or public health at the forefront of its decision making process . It is not that legislators do n't care ; it 's just that as a nation , we choose to adopt an “ innocent until proven guilty ” stance for most things . The advantage is that we give the free market economy as much latitude as possible . However , as a result , we are a very reactive society , rather than a proactive one .
On the environmental side , this means that almost every piece of significant legislation has followed a major catastrophe . Our health and nutrition policy has generally followed the same path , but last summer something unexpected happened : the Food and Drug Administration banned the use of bisphenol A ( BPA ) in baby bottles and children 's drinking cups . This was a dramatic departure from previous bans , which required hard evidence of harm before the government would mandate the removal of a chemical from our consumption stream .
BPA is a plasticizer that has been in use since 1957 in plastic bottles , cups and the lining of food and beverage cans , including those that hold infant formula . Despite its long history , international concern about BPA ( a known endocrine disruptor and estrogen-mimicker ) really took hold in the last five years . This rising level of concern was based on studies that indicated that BPA could have a host of negative health effects , including contributing to obesity , neurological and immune disorders , and increasing the risk for a wide range of cancers . In short , BPA exposure can affect the entire body and is not recommended for children .
While America was late to join the European countries that banned BPA in 2008 and 2009 , I was pleased when the FDA took a pro-active stance and outlawed its use in children 's food products last summer . What bothered me , however , was how quickly the baby industry began capitalizing on American 's new-found fear — and ignorance — about the law . The packaging on many baby products now reads “ BPA-free ” in big letters , as if their brand were unique in this regard . In some cases , the advertising verges on greenwashing , as the plastic products are packaged in such as way as to feel like a very “ green ” or “ healthy ” choice – usually with the aid of brown cardboard packaging and green lettering , when in fact , nothing about them is particularly eco-friendly .
My fear is that parents , and companies , are focusing on BPA and missing the bigger picture . Many plastics , including BPA-free plastics , contain other chemical plasticizers , which are added to make the containers more flexible . Unfortunately , many plasticizers are also endocrine disruptors similar to BPA , which means that they could cause many of the same health issues . According to Carl Baum , MD , Associate Professor of Pediatrics at Yale School of Medicine and the Director of the Center for Children 's Environmental Toxicology , some plasticizers may be even be more dangerous for our children than BPA .
Given this information , I believe the only rational path as a parent is to generally avoid buying plastic products for your kids whenever possible — especially when it comes to products that regularly come into contact with food or drinks .
While giving up plastics may seem daunting , in truth there are wonderful and reasonably priced alternatives for nearly every plastic kid product on the market ( and I hope that after reading this some of the entrepreneurs out there will be inspired to make even more ) . Glass , metal and wood have been used for thousands of years and have the added benefits of quality and longevity . My son drinks out of the same cup I used as a kid . You have to wonder how many of those shiny plastic sippy cups will still be here and in use in thirty years . Let 's hope none .
Note : The opinions expressed in this post are mine and do not represent those held by Forbes.com
Gary the goat flies in seaplane to Horizontal Falls , takes speed boat ride
Updated
A tour operator has flown a pet goat over the world-famous Horizontal Falls , in Western Australia 's Kimberley .
Tour operator Troy Thomas was set a challenge by their staff to try to fly Gary over the falls in a seaplane , and follow it up with a speed boat ride .
Gary is in the Kimberley with their owner , comedian Jimbo Bazoobi .
Mr Thomas says the logistics were a nightmare , but it all paid off , as Gary the goat appeared to enjoy the visit .
`` I contacted a few of the authorities and went through what was necessary to get Gary out here - building them a box and getting them all strapped into the plane , '' they said .
`` He was VIP , they had the whole plane to themselves on the way out .
`` It was pretty interesting ; we had to have a custom built goat box built for them and we needed a forklift to assist getting that into the plane .
`` He 's been pretty well behaved actually . ''
Gary did all the things the other tourists did - they donned a hat , nametag and lifejacket and took a speed boat ride through the falls , and helped feed the nurse sharks that swim up to the platform decking .
Jimbo also came along for the ride .
Pair inseparable after case of beer changed hands
Four years ago , Jimbo bought Gary for a case of beer while doing a show in Gingin .
They have been inseparable ever since .
Part of Jimbo 's gag is pushing the limits of where it is acceptable to take a goat .
The pair has been known to be fined and kicked out of various places .
`` There 's a few goatists out there and we got kicked out of the Derby Hotel two nights ago , '' Jimbo said .
`` People either love them or hate him . ''
Jimbo said the Horizontal Falls is certainly not Gary 's first adventure , but being the first goat to see the falls topped any experience they have had .
`` We 've gone to Cape York so he 's been Australia 's most northern goat , '' they said .
`` And this is right up there - just going in a plane and going through the Horizontal Falls . ''
Jimbo said there was a little coaxing to get Gary onto the plane originally , but after that they appeared to enjoy the day trip .
`` Lots of corn chips . We got a box to put them on to keep the aviation people happy , '' they said .
`` He 's been on a few tinnies so he 's used to boats .
`` I think they freaked out most of the passengers more than anything . I think they just go 'when we signed up for this tour we did n't see any goats in the brochure ' . ''
Topics : animals , derby-6728
First posted
Should secular India have an uniform civil code ?
The Telegraph-Calcutta Club National Debate
Calcutta Club , March 13 , 2005 , 18:00
We are sitting in an ocean of black heads , with the stage brightly lit in front , with the logo - The Telegraph Calcutta Club National Debate . Night hangs over us , a few stars visible through the Kolkata fog - a moon crescent like the communist scythe is hanging just above the stage . After waiting here for about an hour , the speakers have finally cone up on stage . On the left are the rightists - Narendra Modi , Seshadri Chari , Vasundhara Raje , and Arun Jaitley , and on the right , not quite the leftists , but at least the pink - Mani Shankar Aiyar , Syed Sahabuddin , Fadi Nariman , and Salman Khurshid . In the middle , at a small desk all for himself , is Dileep Padgaonkar , who is moderating . The President of the club welcomes everyone and apologizes for the fracas in front of the club where protesters are burning effigies and chanting - Narendra Modi go away , and a huge police contingent is on duty , and the from comments I am overhearing in the crowd , I gather that the commissioner themselves is present .
The motion before the house is : To be truly secular , India needs an uniform social code . The saffronites are in favour , and the congress votaries are opposing . Each speaker gets 10 minutes of monologue each , followed by a brief rebuttal by the two team leaders , after which it will be put up to vote .
Arun Jaitley is the first to take the podium . They remind us that in November 1948 , in the constituent assembly , BR Ambedkar , A Munshi and others all said that they were working towards eventually achieving an uniform civil code . Were they to repeat these speeches today , there would be an outcry . Jaitley raises the Shah Banu case , which will no doubt be mentioned again , as an extreme example of religiosity being used to violate the fundamental rights of an woman citizen , who was thereby reduced to destitution . Whereas rituals relating to birth , marriage , inheritance , etc . are certainly in the realm of religion , there are areas where these infringe on guarantees provided in the constitution , such as polygamy , oral divorce , etc , and in these areas the law must step in to ensure a minimal set of rights for its citizen .
Now to the other side - Mani Shankar Aiyar . They start by looking at the two panels , and points out that all four on the other side are self-proclaimed `` believing '' Hindu 's , while their side have two muslims , a parsi , and himself , an atheist . ( applause ) They then asks why `` the noblest Roman of them all , '' Arun Jaitley , in their six years as law minister , never could bring a bill for an uniform civil code ( laughter ) . Why they could not in their six years , bring a bill to repeal the Shah Bano law ? Why did their solicitor general not move the Supreme Court saying these laws are unconstitutional ? Because secularists on their side prevented him , and they did not have the moral courage to stand up to their rants . All of us Indians are hyphenated citizens - we carry with us our linguistic , caste , and religious identities . Before the Hindu Civil Code of 1956 , they were subject to the Civil Code of 1898 . Why did the Hindu 's wish for a separate law ? Because they wished for a structure in keeping with their practices . The visionaries of the constitution did not specify a deadline for a secular civil code , because each community would need to take their own paths to this code , taking into account all the different jurisprudences that are prevalent in the country . Similarly , during Arun Jaitley 's tenure as minister , a law for Christian practices have been introduced and passed nearly unanimously . The last group , the Muslims , will be happy to submit to a law , but it has to be one that they themselves will define . Until such time as they evolve their own consensus on this matter , we can not impose on them the will of others , especially not a group of hindu fanatics . They end by quoting Gandhi - 25 July 1947 - The Hindu religion prohibits cow slaughter for the Hindus , and not for the rest of the world . The prohibition comes from inside , and any attempt to impose it from outside is despicable .
Compared to the seriousness of Jaitley , but also perhaps because they are speaking later , Mani Shankar Aiyar definitely comes up tops . They make the audience laugh , and they make good points .
The next speaker is Seshadri Chari - they get a laugh by opening with - `` Dear Hindus , Muslims , others , and Mani Shankar Aiyars '' . Chari is the editor of `` The Organizer , '' the RSS magazine ( what a tired word it has become - this `` mouthpiece '' ) . They point out that the fact that the four people on this side are Hindus was by invitation , not something they had any control over . The rest of their speech is more polemical than substance - `` Does the Congress have a leader who can lead , and not follow the crowd . ''
Fali Nariman has a wry sense of humour . They say that `` I am not a Hindu , I am not a Muslim . I am merely a poor fish in a shoal of sharks . '' And they go on , `` And sadly , we are now an endangered species . '' They play to the gallery when they say , If India was to be secular , the capital should have remained Calcutta . Jaitley mentioned the Constituent assembly , they say , but they did not tell you all of it . Ambedkar went on to say that the civil code , if enforced , will be enforced only by the will of its citizens . Women , whether Hindu or Muslim , are oppressed in India , not because one has a codified set of rights , and the other does not , but because women are being oppressed by men in all levels of the Indian polity . They relate the story of how the Parsi intestate laws of the 1890 's became gender-neutral only in 1991 , after intense debate and consensus within the community . The minorities are particularly sensitive to externals who wish to interfere in the way they govern themselves .
Vasundhara Raje highlights the fact that they are the only woman . Given their royal background , they are the only speaker to mention that they have been working at the `` grass-roots '' on the plight of women . In the law , the father is the guardian of the legitimate child , while the mother is that for the illegitimate child ... but most of their polemic is addressed at the imbalance of laws affecting women , and they fail to direct their comments on the secular issue . Goa , they point out , has some good elements in the civil code ( no triple talaq , no polygamy ) , but exceptions are reprehensible ( bigamy permitted if first wife has no male issue , matrimonial property managed by daughter 's husband ) . But one can start from these , look at the best practices in all the codes , and come up with an uniform code .
Syed Sahabuddin harps on the notion of `` consensus '' . They point out the difference between the words `` uniform '' and `` common '' , which they say , really mean plurality and singularity , and stresses this difference ( while this sounds like more rhetoric , I wonder if it may actually be part of the semantics , especially in this context ) . There are measures for interpretation of the Muslim code , which is both Shruti ( Quran ) and Smriti ( Hadith etc ) which together constitutes the Shariyat . Times are changing and many islamic communities have adopted changed modes . Even in India , the muslim community is moving towards change , on their own . But the psychology of minorities is such that any attempt to impose change will only slow things down . If we want an uniform code , why is there a separate Hindu law of taxation ( the Hindu Undivided Family code ) . If uniformity and common-ness is the same , then why have any diversity at all - why not have only one religion , one language , one kind of food ?
Narendra Modi speaks in Hindi , but they are extremely eloquent . The secularists do not feel secure unless they are sitting next to a minority person . Do they not feel they can be secular on their own strength ? By the same token , we could call the other side anti-woman ! That India is secular , is not in question . It is a pluralist society , it has been secular , it is secular , and it will remain secular . But is it fair that in a family , there should be one rule for the mother , one for the father , and one for the children ? When they asked this of children in a school in Aurangabad , they said in one voice - there should be only the same rule . What is clear even to children , is unfortunately unclear to my intellectual friends on the other side . If the Shariyat law is so dear to our friends , why not propose it also for criminal law , why only in civil code ? No - because it is not convenient to them . This is the land where its citizens , not looking to a votebank , not looking to follow the crowd , produced leaders like Ram Mohun Roy who were able to fight the entrenched system of Sati , and then widow remarriage . When the Muslims go to the US , how come they can live under an uniform code , does it violate their muslim identity ? [ applause ] We do n't want a VHP/BJP code . Let there be a committee , formed by eminent people , not from the BJP or VHP or RSS , constitutional experts and other learned men . Let them choose the best practices from every community . Let us come up not with an uniform civil code , but a `` modern '' civil code , suitable for the 21st `` saadi '' .
Salman Khurshid starts by refuting Narendra Modi - are we going to ask children for what we want - why is it then that we do n't allow children less than 18 years old to vote ? A rather poor repartee - when one could have said that in families there actually are different rules ; e.g . only the mother can nurse the child , resulting in some special treatment to them at these times . As for women - the points raised by the woman on the other side were all for gender justice , and we invite them to join us on this side , and we will all fight for their causes here . We in fact tried something bigger , we wanted to give this country a woman prime minister , but those on the other side would not have them ( this fawning reference is of little relevance to the debate , and perhaps does not belong here ) . But they did n't anticipate that they would not want this position of power , but would only want to serve . As for the United States , Muslims there follow the same code , but even in their code , Quakers can marry as many wives as they want , and this is permitted because it was a special group in the US and they needed a special law . If the group wants it , they can conjoing their wills and get the law changed . Thank god Mr. Modi that everyone is not like you - in fact , if everyone was like you , we would not need any uniform civil code , not just that - we would not need any kind of law at all .
In closing , Arun Jaitley brings the women 's equality into the debate , by noting that the primary reason for having different laws relating to marriage and inheritance , while all other laws were common - were to perpetuate the male superiority . Mr. Salman Khurshid brings in the issue of homosexuality . Should we consider the fate of homosexuals first , when Indian women are suffering from injustice enshrined in the law ?
Mani Shankar Iyer rehashes the argument that why not undo the Hindu Undivided Family code first ? Gandhi did n't look to change any other group 's laws - they only attempted to improve the Hindu practices . If the code of any group is to be altered , it must be done from within that group . The civil code must step very carefully between ritual and justice . Will Narendra Modi be cremated or interred after their death - should the law decide it for him ? The difference between that side and this , is that they are 85 % Indian , but on this side we are 100 % Indians .
Dileep Padgaonkar 's turn now to sum up . We are tired after all this peroration , and they are mercifully brief . They say that we need to rise above the tired rhetoric and see if this is really a question the nation should even be debating . I personally agree - I think there is a rightist bias even in choosing such a topic for the agenda ... Had it been titled `` Should all religions be made to submit to the same set of laws '' may have quite a different response . In any event , there is to be a vote on the motion . By a show of hands , the motion carries . A significant majority in the audience think that India should have an uniform code . Although I had come in today thinking that it should , by the end of the evening I must say that I was one of the hands among the minority , which goes to show that I had not thought of some points on the other side , especially that in a pluralistic society minorities need their own path to their own consensus . But for now , the majority has spoken .
The crescent moon has set long ago , and people are already filing out under the open night sky .
On to dinner .
Amitabha Mukerjee March 14 2005 04:40AM .
Lightly edited from on-site notes .
In answer to a question from an audience member at a `` tea party '' rally in Ramona , Calif. , Saturday , Republican U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter said they would support deporting the children of illegal immigrants , the Los Angeles Times reports .
Here is a link to the video on YouTube .
An audience member asked Hunter , `` Would you support deportation of natural-born American citizens that are the children of illegal aliens ? ''
Hunter responded , `` I would have to , yes . ''
The member of congress continued , `` It 's a complex issue and ... you could look and say , 'You 're a mean guy . That 's a mean thing to do . That 's not a humanitarian thing to do . ' `` Hunter added , `` We simply can not afford what we 're doing right now . We just ca n't afford it . California 's going under . ''
The member of congress confirmed the comments to the North County Times and told the newspaper that they also support House Resolution 1868 , introduced last year but stalled in a House committee . The measure calls for the elimination of automatic citizenship of children born in the United States to illegal immigrants .
At the Saturday gathering , Hunter said , `` It takes more than just walking across the border to become an American citizen - it 's what 's in our souls . ''
( Posted by Melanie Eversley )
House Minority Leader John Boenher ( left ) is n't sure yet where they stand , while Whip Eric Cantor ( center ) and Rep. Mike Pence say they want the document tied to specific legislation . GOP split over terms of new 'Contract '
Republicans are salivating over the prospect of winning back the House in November , and they 're planning to produce a new “ Contract With America ” in the hopes of sealing the deal .
The catch : They do n't agree yet on what should be in it .
Story Continued Below
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor wants a document , akin to Newt Gingrich 's 1994 Contract With America , that identifies specific pieces of legislation Republicans could pass if they win back the House . They think Republicans should “ put up or shut up , ” an aide close to the process said .
So does Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , the House Republican Conference chairperson . The party does n't need “ sloganeering , ” someone familiar with their thinking said , and they favor an approach that “ tells people what [ the party ] want [ s ] and how you 're going to do it . ”
But Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the California Republican who is leading the effort to craft the document , says that including specific legislation in the contract would smack of the backroom deals the GOP accuses Democrats of making , so “ you wo n't see it written out . ”
There 's peril in both approaches .
If the Republicans include too many specifics , especially on hot-button social issues important to their base , they risk turning off moderates and independents . And that 's assuming that they can get the entire House Republican Conference to agree on specific bills in the first place ; not everyone , for example , would support a proposal to “ repeal and replace ” the Democrats ' health care bill .
“ When you are being specific and making a commitment , you got to make sure you 're responsive to what people are saying ; you have to have buy-in from your conference , ” said Minnesota Rep. John Kline , the top Republican on the Education and Labor Committee , who favors specificity despite their concerns . “ Otherwise , if it splits the conference , that 's not something we can make a commitment to . ”
But skip the details , and the Republicans risk producing a document that comes off as something less than serious .
“ You ca n't just make blanket statements without backing them up with something , ” said lobbyist Robert Walker , a former Republican member of congress from Pennsylvania who was involved in authoring in the 1994 Contract With America , which was chock full of legislative language . “ That 's how you get credibility . You 're no longer saying “ no ” ; you have a specific agenda out there . You 'll take heat , no doubt ; you 'll have the administration stand up and criticize you . ”
The Republicans have recent experience with both kinds of problems .
When Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan released a specific “ Roadmap for America 's Future ” earlier this year , Democrats dug into the details and accused them of wanting to cut Social Security and Medicare benefits . In the ensuing flap , Ryan was forced to stand by and watch as other Republicans — including House Minority Leader John Boehner — distanced themselves from their plan .
Boehner and other Republican leaders suffered the opposite problem last year when they released a long-promised GOP alternative to President Barack Obama 's budget proposal . The slim , 19-page GOP blueprint contained few numbers and fewer specifics and left the party open to mocking from both the left and the right . “ It took me several minutes to read it , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibbs sneered . “ I will note that there is one more picture of a windmill than there is of a chart of numbers . Just for your knowledge , there is exactly one picture of a windmill . ”
Marc Serota/Getty Images
When superstars attack , whistles blow and everybody gets upset -- but for different reasons.Superstars , on video , getting fouled . That 's what I 've been watching .
Every single time , for instance , that Chris Paul has been fouled this year . Kyrie Irving , too . Russell Westbrook . Kevin Durant . Tony Parker . LeBron James . Dwyane Wade . James Harden . Kobe Bryant .
I was looking for intentional hard fouls for an ongoing series about keeping players safe . And I saw plenty of those .
But I also saw a lot of , well , weak calls . Fouls whistled for contact that was incredibly light , or in some cases nonexistent .
Superstars , getting calls
If it seems like stars get a lot of help from the referees , it 's because it 's true . They draw a hell of a lot of calls .
This claim is not new , or is it even really disputed .
When I was growing up , fans fumed that Michael Jordan got the calls . As a special gift , I got a pair of tickets to see young Jordan in person way back in 1987 . My eighth-grade buddy Jimmy and I watched Jordan shoot 20 free throws , precisely none of which the people in the seats next to me thought were legitimate .
( Now Jordan , Bobcats owner , sounds just like those guys , whining about the exact same thing . )
Some of that has always been hogwash . The guys sitting next to me that night in 1987 did n't know or see basketball better than the referees . What they had going for them was that they did n't want Jordan to get calls . Every whistle registered with them because they hated every one , even the good ones . That was their big trick to identifying this `` bias . ''
Meanwhile , drawing fouls is a skill . It takes athleticism , drive , recognition of tendencies , mastery of ever-changing conditions and bold aggression -- the exact same things that make a superstar .
On top of that , the superstars have the ball all night , and are precisely the guys who are toughest to stop with normal defense . They 're also the people everybody , including referees , watch most .
Of course they get fouled way more than anybody else . That has long been the NBA 's position on this . They 're the best players . They have the ball all night . They play long minutes .
But the video -- and remember , I was n't even looking for this -- shows one other element , too . Again and again I saw plays like this :
There are 45.3 seconds left in the second quarter of a close game between the Nuggets and the Heat . LeBron James finds themselves under the hoop with a `` mouse in the house '' -- he 's single-covered by the smallest man on the court , point guard Ty Lawson . James starts shoving the feisty Nugget to make room under the hoop . When James throws their body at Lawson , but Lawson digs in , momentum brings James ' chin down hard onto the top of Lawson 's head .
Both players recoil . Head-to-head hurts .
Foul on Lawson .
Wow .
There are dozens more examples from James this season alone . These were both from very narrow Heat victories :
With 8:05 left in the first quarter of an early-season Heat game in Atlanta , James makes an uncontested layup while Jeff Teague may or may not have rested a hand on the small of their back . AND-ONE . We can argue you have to leave the airborne player alone , but we ca n't argue that many other NBA players would get that call .
A few days later , with 31.3 left in the second quarter of a Heat game in Houston , Jeremy Lin waves a hand in LeBron 's line of sight while the star is attempting a layup . The shock of the referee 's whistle sends Lin into an angry power dance .
It 's not just James , of course . I 'm sure you could name a thousand such plays you have seen . ( We invite your feedback on Twitter with the # WorkingBodies hashtag . )
Kobe Bryant draws a foul on an opponent every 6:36 they play , and they play a lot . Referees have called whoever is guarding Bryant for 30 fouls already this season just against the Thunder . Makes you wonder how the Thunder could ever win a game against the Lakers , until you realize Durant gets even more calls than Bryant -- one for every 5:50 they play .
Over just four Thunder vs. Lakers games this year Bryant and Durant have combined to draw 60 fouls and shoot a mighty 87 free throws . The dead ball eternity of those walks to the line has done little to endear fans to the game . A few moments from the Dec. 7 meeting between the Lakers and Thunder :
With 8:21 left in the second quarter , Durant 's breaking down the left wing and makes a layup . Jordan Hill takes a swipe at the ball , near Durant 's head , and contacts , to my eyes , nothing but air . Foul on Hill .
Not three minutes later , in the open court , Bryant has Westbrook to beat . Westbrook shuffles their feet laterally , trying to guide Bryant baseline . As Bryant draws near , Westbrook withdraws their own arm as far as possible , practically retracting it into their own chest in a parody of demonstrating to the referee that `` hell no , I 'm not touching that guy ! '' Bryant shoots a shoulder hard into Westbrook . Foul on Westbrook . The cameras then show Westbrook , rehashing things with the ref , demonstrating they hit me .
Just minutes after that , Bryant fakes Durant into the air . As Durant lands very near Kobe , the Laker launches a jumper , which goes in . Unclear from the replay : If there was any contact at all . Steamed , Durant paces the length of the floor to calm down as broadcaster Mike Breen declares there was `` not a lot of contact there ! ''
With 2:35 left in the third quarter and the shot clock winding down , a double-teamed Bryant drives to the left sideline , where they rise and fires a 3 over Hasheem Thabeet . Cash . `` Good contests by Thabeet , '' intones Jeff Van Gundy . `` Did n't see the foul . '' Replay from three angles eventually show that perhaps Thabeet 's fingers , at tapping speed , actually did touch Bryant 's hands on the release .
That very same night , with 45.3 seconds left in the second quarter of a game against the Rockets , Spurs star Tony Parker fell down while making a layup , and then went to the line to complete the and-one . The only issue was that Omer Asik , who was called for the foul , did not touch Parker .
What 's happening ?
You can find these plays almost every night , and they are usually accompanied by some guy in some seat next to you theorizing it 's the league 's conscious effort to make the famous players , who drive the league 's popularity , look good . The league , the thinking goes , is stronger as a business when those guys succeed , and referees have their marching orders .
I have no urge to lend any credence to any conspiracy theories -- I have no evidence of any such marching orders , hushed phone calls or secret meetings .
I 'm not even going to tell you that none of those were fouls .
What the video shows me is that these many borderline calls , which are fairly common for the best , are rare for the rest .
What 15 years covering the NBA tells me is that no matter what the league says , coaches and players think it really happens . After studying a lot of film , David Thorpe has begun to advise their clients , when guarding superstars , to set up shop a full step back from where they 'd normally stand . `` If there 's contact of any kind , '' they say , `` it 's iffy who 'll get that call . ''
I even had a GM tell me once that the reason you have to have a superstar on your team is because they come with that extra help from referees . If you 're playing merely with guys who are treated normally by officials , you 're at a disadvantage .
In fairness , replay often shows some of those seemingly weak calls in superstars ' favor were actually dead on . And while I criticize NBA referees , I do so in the context of knowing there are not better basketball referees anywhere else . The problem is n't incompetence , or an intolerable rate of mistakes . The problem is that several of those mistakes fall into this predictable category .
It makes people irate .
We 've been thinking about making a tragicomic TrueHoop TV video of nothing but NBA players reacting to being called for fouls against superstars . The anguish is so extreme , you 'd have to set it to opera . Players ca n't lay into the referees , which you know they want to , so they contort their faces into some of the most soul-crushingly sad faces you 've ever seen . To be falsely accused is dreadful . To be falsely accused and have rules against even pleading your case ... it 's ultimate powerlessness . I 've heard some players wear mouth guards not to keep their teeth safe , but just to force them to slow down when they get the urge to scream bloody murder at referees . These are those moments .
Obscuring another story
Meanwhile , watch those same clip reels from the NBA 's video scouting service ... all the times James , Bryant , Durant and company have been fouled this season , and very often you 'll see the superstars end up irate , too . They 're mad about something else entirely : getting tackled and the many other kinds of dangerous intentional fouls . That happens a lot , too .
Let 's be real : It 's only a matter of time before somebody is seriously injured by an intentional foul .
And stars are mad .
Kobe Bryant and LeBron James have piped up about rough play already this season , and they wo n't be the last . Anyone who does should be lauded for their courage . Saying `` I 'm vulnerable '' is one of sports ' most profound taboos . Nobody wants to hear it .
But in this case , because of the superstar calls nobody wants to hear it from them . Superstars not getting enough love from the referees ? That 's the sound of half a billion global NBA fans rolling their eyes .
Two sides of a coin : Superstar calls and tackle basketball
One of the most dangerous fouls of this season was committed by David Lee on James . I asked Lee why they did it , and they talked about how they knew as soon as they touched James that a foul would be called . Implied : That it 's because James is a superstar .
But knowing that changes the math for Lee . If it 's a foregone conclusion that James is headed to the line , Lee need not bother about being dainty , nor indeed about the rules of basketball at all . The foul is as good as called already , Lee is as good as convicted of the crime . All Lee has to worry about is making absolutely certain James does n't get a bucket . The way to do that is to hit them hard .
Think about that . James is irate at hurtling to the floor off-balance and sideways at warp speed . Lee is irate knowing regular defense will get a whistle . Fans are irate that James is getting so many calls .
And meanwhile , everyone has a warped view of what 's really happening out there : People see those touch fouls on the perimeter and declare the game soft as tissue . Meanwhile , for players who attack the rim , the bodies and fouls are bigger , stronger and faster than ever . The game is harder and softer than ever , all at once , and everybody is steamed .
Brian Schmidt
WASHINGTON – A ruling issued Thursday by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia is likely to be the final decision in a case that dates back to 2010 . District Judge James E. Boasberg , an Obama appointee , found the entirety of Section 207 of the 2008 Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act to be unconstitutional and voided the metrics and standards that the Federal Railroad Administration issued in 2011 pursuant to the section . The Association of American Railroads ( AAR ) , representing the Class I , first filed a lawsuit against DOT challenging Section 207 railroads whose tracks Amtrak trains use . Given that Thursday 's ruling was made on remand from the Supreme Court , an appeal by DOT is likely not possible .
Boasberg 's ruling , which is not yet available online , was based on clauses in the U.S. Constitution that state that no person shall be deprived of life , liberty , or property without due process of law ( the Due Process Clause ) , and that the regulatory authority of the federal government may only ultimately rest with individuals appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the Senate ( the Appointments Clause ) . In keeping with the precedent set by an 1886 Supreme Court ruling in a case involving the Southern Pacific , all rights the Constitution grants to persons are also granted to corporations . Boasberg found that Section 207 's vesting of regulatory power with an entity that is also a participant in the industry subject to regulation violated the Due Process Clause , and that vesting the ultimate power to settle disputes concerning the metrics and standards with an arbitrator appointed by the DOT violated the Appointments Clause .
In July 2013 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit panel comprised of George W. Bush appointees , in the same case , ruled in AAR 's favor by finding that Amtrak is a private company that may not be granted regulatory powers , overturning a May 2012 ruling by the District Court that Amtrak is a governmental entity . But in a unanimous March 2015 decision , the Supreme Court overturned that ruling , declaring that for the purposes of the constitutional clauses in question , Amtrak shall be considered as part of the government , but remanded the questions of due process and appointments back to the lower courts . Thursday 's District Court ruling establishes the principle that while Congress may create companies that act commercially within an industry , and may also create regulatory bodies , it can not create entities that do both at the same time . In this case , the thing for which Amtrak and freight railroads are competing is not customers , but rather finite track capacity .
In earlier filings before the Supreme Court , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the Cato Institute , the Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence , the Center for the Rule of Law , the Association of Independent Passenger Rail Operators ( whose member firms aim to compete with Amtrak in operating intercity passenger trains ) , and law professor Alexander Volokh sided with AAR , while the National Association of Railroad Passengers , the Environmental Law and Policy Center , and some local rail passenger advocacy groups sided with DOT .
In the 20 months between the D.C . Circuit and Supreme Court rulings , Amtrak 's system wide on-time performance declined .
Drinks are on me ! Japanese artist makes comic book creations out of recycled empty beer and soda cans
To a lot of men , Japanese artist Macaon has the perfect job and it 's not difficult to see why .
They get to drink beer and soda and then recycles the cans by twisting them into much-loved superstars from comic books , film and video games .
Macaon transforms the old aluminium into iconic figures like Buzz Lightyear and Woody from Toy Story , a Decepticon from Transformers , a mask of Star Wars villain Darth Vader and video play station hero Super Mario .
Transformed : An armed Decepticon created from the cans by the Japanese artist Macaon
Here 's to Buzz and Woody : The model figures are made from beer cans twisted into their cartoon shapes
Movie icon : Wall-E as created by the artist Macaon with the help of beer cans Creations : Cola cans and energy drinks made up the materials for Super Mario and the Smurf
Disney 's robot Wall-E WALL-E , the trash compacting robot , is the perfect subject for a recycled can sculpture .
While childhood favourite Pikachu from the Pokémon TV series is created using Japanese drinks in a bright golden yellow .
Each can is selected for colour , and painstakingly cut up and bent into position with the skill of an origami master .
Other examples of the artist 's amazing work can be seen on their Japanese website .
The force is with him : The mask of Darth Vader the Star Wars villain
Childhood favourite : Pikachu from the Pokémon TV series and a majestic kingfisher bird
Hooked on drink cans : A fish created from the old aluminium metal
Every picture , letter , and label printed on the surface of each can is always partly visible on the finished figures which also include a dragon fly , scorpion , a fish and a kingfisher bird .
There is one riddle : How did Macaon get through so many beer cans and still have such a steady hand ?
Only here for the beer : A figure is made from this Japanese can make sure the lettering is visible
Credit : Jay Ancelato ( Dynamite Entertainment )
Credit : Nicola Scott ( Dynamite Entertainment )
Press Release
Dynamite Entertainment is proud to announce that beloved comic book heros Red Sonja , Vampirella , and Dejah Thoris will undergo bold new directions and costume redesigns in new monthly series debuting in the first quarter of 2016 . Following narrative direction from Gail Simone , the fan-favorite author of this past summer 's Swords of Sorrow crossover epic , the new titles promise unexpected storylines for its headlining characters , delivered by some of today 's most innovative creators . Red Sonja # 1 will launch in January , helmed by writer Marguerite Bennett and artist Aneke . Dejah Thoris # 1 and Vampirella # 1 will debut in subsequent months , written by Frank J. Barbiere and Kate Leth respectively .
Gail Simone , whose critically acclaimed work on Red Sonja for the past two years inspired the massive company-wide celebration of female characters entitled Swords of Sorrow ( featuring contributions by their hand-picked team of all-female writers ) , has created a road map for Red Sonja , Vampirella , and Dejah Thoris that will serve as the basis for all-new series with radically different settings and situations , fresh yet true to the traditional motivations of these comic book icons .
`` We 're doing a monster makeover with these characters , and it 's a joy to be part of this . Make no mistake , these are characters we love , badasses all ; the She-Devil with a Sword , the queen of all vampire hunters , and the warlord princess . Characters do not get any better than that , '' says Simone . `` Our mission here is to spruce up their look and remind people that these were the original female ass-kickers that inspired Xena , Buffy , and Leia Organa . They are the map others followed , and we get to bring them each a hot , new look from brilliant artist/designer Nicola Scott , as well as thrilling new mission statements for each of them . ''
Artist Nicola Scott ( Birds of Prey , Superman ) designed the new look for these iconic characters , blending classic costume elements with the functional , action-ready designs that modern and diverse audiences long to see . `` It 's an honor to reimagine these amazing , iconic women and be part of their ongoing legacy , '' Scott says .
Credit : Jay Ancelato ( Dynamite Entertainment )
SPOTLIGHT ON RED SONJA :
Red Sonja # 1 , by the creative team of Marguerite Bennett ( Bombshells , A-Force , Angela ) and Aneke ( Legenderry : Red Sonja , Damsels ) and scheduled for release on January 13 , 2016 , will see its titular hero return to their homeland of Hyrkania , only to find it changed into an almost unrecognizable landscape . As envisioned by Gail Simone , the new series sends Sonja on a mission of infiltration , sabotage , and assassination when they discover that their native people have been conscripted into the service of a Nazi-like regime .
`` It 's an honor and a pleasure to be the new writer on a book as crazy and colorful as Red Sonja , '' says Bennett . `` While I 've never yet had the pleasure of working with Aneke , our phenomenal new artist , I can not wait for us to make the big , bloody , sexy , sweeping splash in a universe this rich with story , history , and the contributions of the creators and creatives who came before us . I am particularly indebted to Gail Simone , who has always been one of my idols in comics , who first suggested that I follow their run on the title and was endlessly guiding and encouraging as I broke into this new level of the medium . ''
Regarding the direction of Red Sonja , the first issue will show that Red Sonja 's return home is necessitated when their king hovers at death 's door , while a dread new power rises from within Hyrkania 's own borders . The new authority is bent on defending its homeland - no matter the cost , no matter what its people become . Billed as a defining chapter in the Red Sonja saga , the opening `` Falcon Throne '' storyline is dark , clever , vicious , and at times even mirthful , as the She-Devil with a Sword must topple the brutal regime , their own people .
Bennett says , `` This current arc allows me to explore elements of my favorite stories , which have always been those that are enormously morally gray . In this case , we 're nearly to 'Red Sonja vs . The Iron Age Nazis ' , as they watch their own people united and then profaned by a charismatic leader with intimate connections to Sonja 's own long-buried past . They are placed in an impossible crisis , on the run from the very people they have saved , torn between saving them homeland ... or destroying it . I hope readers will enjoy something dark but fun , vicious but witty , balanced between battle , romance , intrigue , and good old-fashioned monster-slaying . I 'm so grateful to have a chance to lead Sonja into this brave new world . ''
`` I was thrilled to draw Red Sonja from the beginning . They are one of my favorite characters ever , so when I was told that I would be drawing this magnificent warrior , I just could n't stand the excitement , '' says Aneke , the illustrator of the new series and a self-proclaimed devotee of Frank Thorne , artist of Red Sonja 's first-ever series . `` I was expecting some powerful stuff from Marguerite Bennett , and I have n't been disappointed ! The strength and the misanthropic touch of the red-headed hero have always spoken to me , so I feel really lucky to draw her . ''
With the new series comes a character redesign by celebrated artist Nicola Scott , who describes their fresh take on Red Sonja : `` Sonja was a collaboration between myself , Gail , Dynamite and the licensors . Them big red hair and chainmail are iconic , and I felt strongly they needed to carry the look but be modernized . Keeping their hair big but out of their face seemed practical , and the idea of the chainmail tank rather than bikini was a suitable update . ''
Dynamite will celebrate the new Red Sonja # 1 with a variety of cover options , including Cover A by Marguerite Sauvage ( Bombshells ) ; Cover B by Jay Anacleto ( Legends of Red Sonja ) which will interconnect with the Cover B editions of Dejah Thoris # 1 and Vampirella # 1 ; and Cover C by Tula Lotay ( Swords of Sorrow ) . A special Subscription Edition ( Cover D ) features the `` cute '' artwork of Tony Fleecs , intended for consumers who place preorders with their local comic shops and interconnecting with the Subscription Edition variants of Dejah Thoris # 1 and Vampirella # 1 . Robert Hack ( Chilling Adventures of Sabrina ) provides cover artwork for the Shared Retailer Exclusive , and a Blank Authentix cover variant is available , perfect for aspiring artists and convention commissions . Finally , Ming Doyle ( New Avengers ) provides a special incentive cover to encourage strong preorders from comic shop retailers , as does Nicola Scott with an image of their first redesign of the character .
Red Sonja , known also as `` The She-Devil with a Sword , '' is renowned as fantasy fiction 's most prominent female character , formerly a swashbuckling ally of the Robert E. Howard character , Conan . Them early adventures in the Marvel Feature comic book series led to a successful ongoing Red Sonja solo series , a celebrated run of comics from 1976 through 1979 . Dynamite Entertainment acquired the Red Sonja license in 2005 as their second-ever published title , arriving on newsstands to critical acclaim and a very receptive audience . Dynamite has since published over one hundred Red Sonja comic books , including crossovers with popular characters including Conan , Dejah Thoris ( of Warlord of Mars ) , Vampirella , Spider-Man , and more .
Credit : Nicola Scott ( Dynamite Entertainment )
SPOTLIGHT ON DEJAH THORIS :
Dejah Thoris , a royal warrior who has served as a major supporting cast member of Dynamite 's various Warlord of Mars series as well as the star of several solo Dejah Thoris series , will appear in a new # 1 issue this coming February , courtesy of writer Frank J. Barbiere ( Avengers World , Solar : Man of the Atom ) . As described by Gail Simone , Dejah Thoris would present a fall from grace for the Martian princess , as they embark on a self-imposed exile , assuming a new identity and enlisting as a rookie soldier on the farthest , deadliest borders of their Barsoomian civilization .
Barbiere says , `` I am truly honored to be writing Dejah Thoris , a character with such a robust history and celebrated pulp pedigree . I 'm a big fan of Edgar Rice Burroughs , and to be able to contribute to the canon of one of their most celebrated characters is really exciting . This is a new start for Dejah Thoris , and I think our story is going to reignite the spark of what makes them great . It 's a bold new take that really captures the spirit of Dejah as a dynamic , interesting , and capable character while exploring their past in a way that fans new and old wo n't expect . ''
`` Dejah Thoris was about playing with themes and the Barsoom aesthetic , '' says costume designer Nicola Scott . `` Plaited leathers , swooping , organic shaped armour , and gossamer fabrics seemed the right place to start . It was just a matter of playing around with shapes and proportions until it came together . ''
Dejah Thoris , a `` Princess of Mars '' , debuted as the eponymous hero of Edgar Rice Burroughs ' original John Carter story ( A Princess of Mars , dated 1912 ) . While the love interest of the world-displaced Confederate soldier , the strong and talented royal never stood on the sidelines , often venturing into danger or battle -- and thus serving as a template for later science fiction heros such as Princess Leia of Star Wars and Neytiri of James Cameron 's Avatar . Since their debut in comic books in 2010 , they have been an adventurous mainstay at the company .
Credit : Nicola Scott ( Dynamite Entertainment )
SPOTLIGHT ON VAMPIRELLA :
Vampirella # 1 , debuting in March 2016 , will feature the writing talents of Kate Leth ( Adventure Time , The Bravest Warriors ) , and see a return to the character 's roots as a horror hostess , as their costumed identity goes public ... while privately , they use their new celebrity status to uncover the links between silver screen killers and a real conspiracy of monsters .
Kate Leth , writer of the new Vampirella , says , `` Vampirella takes Hollywood ! In this new and twisted take on the classic horror queen , Vampi moves to the City of Angels to find more than a few demons in the mix . Along with their paramour/werewolf Tristan and trusty butler Coleridge , they begin to investigate mysterious disappearances in the shadowy world of B-movies and the monsters who make them . All the while , they find themselves a sudden sensation after a video of their monster-hunting in their classic ensemble goes viral . Can Vampirella be both a cult icon on the rise and take down an empire of ghouls and ghosts ? Signs point to : Hell yes ! ''
Regarding the redesign of one of comics ' most iconic costumes , Nicola Scott says , `` Vampirella was a lot of fun . We could actually make them modern , with some retro influence . I liked the idea of keeping them in a one-piece but making it a leather jumpsuit with their logo embroidered on the back . Part biker , part roller-derby . I hope to see cosplayers in this one ASAP ! ''
Vampirella is a raven-haired hero who remains , even after 45 years of publication , one of the comic industry 's leading ladies , due in no small part to Dynamite Entertainment 's flight attendantship of the character . Since Vampirella 's very healthy resurgence in 2010 , Dynamite has published two volumes of a monthly series , several miniseries and one-shot specials , and crossovers with multimedia brands and comic book peers . The Vampirella franchise is a haven for writers and artists with a penchant for the macabre .
CONCLUSION :
Regarding the accessibility of the new Red Sonja , Dejah Thoris , and Vampirella series , Gail Simone says , `` You do n't need to know their history , you just need to like awesome damn women doing awesome damn stuff . Come join us ! ''
`` We 're beyond thrilled to be working with a host of talent on these iconic characters , with not only new imagery , but new directions and adventures as well , '' says Joseph Rybandt , Senior Editor of Dynamite Entertainment .
Dynamite 's Red Sonja # 1 will be solicited in the upcoming November edition of Diamond Comic Distributors ' Previews catalog , the premier source of merchandise for the comic book specialty market . Comic book fans are encouraged to reserve copies of Red Sonja with their local comic book retailers . Individual customer purchases will be available through digital platforms courtesy of Comixology , Dynamite Digital , iVerse , and Dark Horse Digital . Fans and retailers are encouraged to follow Dynamite Entertainment 's official social media channels for the latest updates regarding Dejah Thoris and Vampirella project development and release dates .
Alibaba may be using the Internet to let merchants reach Chinese consumers , but the e-commerce giant still retains an interest in brick and mortar retail . How much of an interest , you ask ? Enough to invest RMB28.3 billion ( that 's around $ 4.63 billion ) in retail giant Suning , an offline rival to its business .
The deal gives Alibaba a 19.9 percent stake in the retailer , which is one of China 's highest-profile electronics sellers with more than 1,600 retail stores across 289 cities in China . As part of the alliance , Suning is shelling out as much as RMB14 billion ( approximately US $ 2.28 billion ) to take a 1.1 percent stake in Alibaba . In addition , Suning is adding its might to Alibaba 's logistics affiliate , Cainiao . As a partner , Suning will pair its logistical reach — which it said covers 90 percent of China via eight national distribution centers , 57 regional distribution centers , 353 city forwarding centers and over 1,700 last-mile delivery stations — with Cainiao to help customers receive orders quicker .
That 's just one area where the two retail giants will combine . Online-to-offline , a major trend to e-commerce in China right now , is another obvious focus . Neither side is being too specific , but Alibaba said that in the future consumers could enjoy “ a physical experience ” with products in a store , while ordering and paying for their purchase using their phone and Alibaba 's Alipay service . Likewise , other synergies will include physical after-sales support in store for purchases made online via Alibaba services . ( Suning claims to have over 3,000 after-sales service locations , and an additional 5,000 via affiliates . )
Alibaba has been very vocal about gunning down old-style , offline retailers , but this alliance shows a shift in its thinking . Rather than taking on physical rivals that are weak where Alibaba is strong , it is joining forces to maximum the strengths of both sides . Given the sheer scale that companies like Suning enjoy in China , teaming up and expanding Alibaba 's touchpoints with consumers could unlock new potential .
That 's the theory that Alibaba founder Jack Ma is buying into , at least .
“ Over the past two decades , e-commerce has become an inextricable part of the lives of Chinese consumers , and this new alliance brings forth a new commerce model that fully integrates online and offline , ” Ma said in a canned comment .
“ This collaboration signals a new trend in the Internet age : Strengthening China 's traditional industries by leveraging the power of Internet , ” Ma 's counterpart , Suning Chairman Zhang Jindong added via a statement . “ It will also help transform China 's manufacturing industry and broaden the global horizons of Chinese brands . ”
In Shushi , children play between buildings destroyed more than 20 year earlier | Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images FRONTIERS Losing control in the Caucasus Russia 's involvement in a conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan is likely to do more harm than good .
Nagorno-Karabakh , the former Soviet Union 's oldest and most dangerous conflict , is waking up again . The 1994 ceasefire between Armenia and Azerbaijan is under severe strain . Where there was occasional sniper fire two years ago , mortars are now being fired . Rockets are raining down on the Armenia-Azerbaijan border and the ceasefire line east of Karabakh itself . There have been around a dozen casualties in the last week .
It is still premature to talk about a return to the kind of full-scale war that raged here for three years in the 1990s . But the leaders in both Baku and Yerevan are digging themselves into warlike positions that they will find hard to give up .
This is not about the “ hand of Russia ” — although Russia 's behavior is not helping . The danger of the Caucasus is that no one is fully in charge and that Karabakh is becoming another link in a chain of disorder stretching from Ukraine to Syria , in which Russia meddles but is not fully in charge .
* * *
The Karabakh conflict has never been “ frozen ” since fighting ended in 1994 . Nor has Russia ever had a controlling hand . Its core dynamics , going back to 1988 and the Gorbachev era , have always been local , stemming from the collision of two fierce nationalist movements over the territory of Nagorno-Karabakh . As the USSR fell apart , the two new nations went to war . In 1994 , after 20,000 people had died and more than one million had been turned into refugees , the Armenians won a victory on the ground and a ceasefire was signed .
Since then the unresolved conflict has stunted development both in Armenia and Azerbaijan , yet neither is prepared to make the painful compromises that will lead to peace . For the semi-democratic leaders of Armenia and the authoritarian ones of Azerbaijan , regime survival is the absolute priority . They fear change and periodically find it useful to play the “ Karabakh card ” to rally the nation round the flag .
In the last two years President Ilham Aliev has turned Azerbaijan into the most authoritarian state in wider Europe , while upping their bellicose rhetoric and publicly calling Armenians “ fascists ” and “ terrorists. ” On September 26 , Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan escalated their own political rhetoric by dropping their previous position of public ambiguity and categorically declared Karabakh an “ inseparable part of Armenia . ”
* * *
Russia tries to shape this dangerous situation , but does not pull the strings . Overall , Moscow has a strategic interest in resolving the conflict and has sometimes played the role of responsible peacemaker — most recently through the mediation of Dmitry Medvedev in 2011 . But it has also periodically used the conflict to win tactical advantages over both Armenia and Azerbaijan and to keep a foothold in the South Caucasus .
During the the 1990s war it played for both sides before assisting the Armenians in the last phase of the conflict .
More recently , Russia has reinforced its long-term alliance with Armenia , signing a new lease on the Gyumri military base that lasts until 2044 and inviting Yerevan into the Eurasian Union . Simultaneously , it has grown closer to Azerbaijan and has started to sell the country heavy weaponry .
Alongside France and the United States , Russia is one of three mediators in the conflict , in the so-called Minsk Group of the OSCE . Recently the Minsk Group has become a conflict management exercise , with little ambition or ability to achieve a full resolution of the conflict .
The quarrel between Russia and the West over Ukraine has further enervated the peace process and darkened the mood . As in Syria , they may share several goals but evidently have different ideas about how to achieve them — and very little trust in one another .
If Russia had a clear imperial design , it might actually be easier to deal with — but if there is a plan in the Caucasus and the whole post-Soviet neighborhood , it 's not working . Across the board , recent Russian action smacks more of reflex , PR and improvisation than of grand strategy . Everywhere , it leaves disorder in its wake .
Consider the evidence on the ground . President Putin scored one operational victory in annexing Crimea in 2014 , but this was a place where they already had multiple levers of control and wide support , and at a time when there was virtually no government in Kiev .
Putin has failed in their larger “ Novorossiya ” project in Ukraine and Donbas has turned into a nasty intractable mess run by criminalized extremists whom the Kremlin does n't trust .
Abkhazia and South Ossetia , which Russia rather hastily recognized as independent countries in 2008 , are a political and financial drag on Moscow and keep throwing up awkward surprises . In 2011 the Kremlin could n't even get its own candidate elected as president of South Ossetia ( population 30,000 ) on the first try . The recognition of those two territories , not supported by any other major country , has shut down the chances of rapprochement with Georgia , which should have been a far bigger priority .
Looking around the wider post-Soviet region , not much else is going according to plan . Putin sees a Ukraine that wants to break with Russia .
They see leaders who are erecting autocratic fortresses against outsiders as in Uzbekistan . Other leaders tack between Moscow and the West . That includes the two other main members of their Eurasian Union project , Kazakhstan 's Nursultan Nazarbayev and Alexander
Lukashenko of Belarus , who posed this week with President Barack Obama at the United
Nations .
* * *
Azerbaijan falls into the Uzbekistan category , as Aliev reinforces their regime against any threat of regime change with a mass crackdown on civil society , the media and what remains of their opposition . This has driven Azerbaijan further from the West and closer to Russia , but Azerbaijan , with its energy interests and strong ties to Turkey , will never be a full Russian ally . Armenia is balancing , like Belarus and Kazakhstan , being a formal ally of Russia while seeking every opportunity to keep up good relations with Georgia , the EU , NATO and the United States .
The important point is that Moscow can not enforce its will in either country , especially on an issue as vital to national interest as Karabakh . Yet by selling weapons to each side and trying to play each against the other , Russia is destabilizing the peace its mediators made in 1994 .
The Caucasus looks more unstable and unpredictable than it has for many years . The latest Armenian-Azerbaijani fighting raises the risk that a serious incident will precipitate , by miscalculation , a new small war that no one wants but from which neither side is prepared to back away .
Russia 's behavior makes it hard to stop that occurring — but no one else currently has much capacity to stop that nightmare scenario either .
Thomas de Waal is a senior associate at Carnegie Europe .
Burger King and Domino 's Pizza have emerged as the latest employers now known to recruit nearly their entire workforce on zero-hour contracts . It brings the total number of zero-hour hirings in the private sector exposed by the Guardian to more than 180,000 .
The burger chain employs all 20,000 workers in its restaurants on zero-hour contracts , while more than 90 % of staff at Domino 's , or more than 20,000 employees , are also on the controversial contracts .
The latest revelations put more pressure on the Office for National Statistics to revise its data on the number of employees on zero-hour contracts . The seven private sector companies exposed as zero-hour employers by the Guardian employ at least 75 % of the 250,000 official ONS estimate already , indicating that the true number could be far higher for the private and public sectors combined . One estimate by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development puts the numbers of UK workers on the contracts at more than one million .
The Burger King and Domino 's Pizza admissions come as the British Retail Consortium added its voice to the call on employers to act responsibly when using the contracts . Burger King , which has 1,400 restaurants across the UK , employs its entire non-management staff on the contracts , which leave workers with no guaranteed hours of work each week . The rotas are decided a week in advance but can be subject to changes at the last minute . Staff can also be sent home early if there is not enough business .
In 1999 the company was forced to pay £106,000 in compensation to staff employed on the contracts after staff were made to clock off and stand around in stores unpaid until business picked up .
A spokesperson for Burger King said : `` Burger King UK is a franchisee-only operated business . As such we do not directly own or operate any restaurants in the UK . Franchisees , many of whom operate multiple brands , apply the process and policy they find most suitable for their business . This choice is at the discretion of the franchisee . Burger King continues to ensure that staff welfare is a top priority . ''
Domino 's Pizza , whose founder Rumi Verjee has just been given a peerage in the Queen 's birthday honours list , employs around 90 % of its 23,000 staff on the contracts despite some having worked for the company for several years , putting in shifts of up to 50 hours a week .
The 20,000 staff on zero-hour contracts are given a rota a week in advance . However , hours can still change with some workers sent home shortly after arriving , with no pay . In some cases when a takeaway outlet has been refurbished , staff can be left with no work at all while the overhaul is carried out .
A spokesperson for Domino 's Pizza said : `` In the UK our stores are majority-owned and managed by franchisees that are granted a franchise agreement with Domino 's . All of our franchisees comply with employment law and Domino 's is a responsible employer and adheres fully to government legislation . ''
These are the latest fast food outlets to be exposed using the contracts , which are the subject of a government review , after the Guardian revealed that McDonald 's employs 82,800 staff on zero-hour contracts , with Subway also revealed as widespread zero-hour employer .
By comparison , bakery chain Greggs said it did not use the contracts , with the majority on 12 to 15 hours a week guaranteed . Greggs chief executive Roger Whiteside said : `` To have a flexible workforce to call on for a business is obviously very attractive but we have certain values with our business , especially with looking after our staff and helping in the community . The idea of having zero-hours contracts does n't fit in with that at all.I can understand why it would be attractive but it 's not something we do . ''
Other retailers , including Tesco , Asda , Sainsbury 's , Morrisons , John Lewis , Marks and Spencer , Argos , Homebase , B & Q , Pret a Manger , Waitrose and Next , have all confirmed they do not use the contracts .
Helen Dickinson , director general of the British Retail Consortium , which represents the vast majority of high street retailers , also spoke out for the first time on the issue . They said : `` The key issue for zero-hours contracts is that where they are used , they are used responsibly . Our members do n't tend to have them but in the right circumstances , zero-hours contracts they can offer mutually beneficial flexibility and certainty that for example students away at University might be required to return to work during the holidays . Parents can also benefit from the flexibility as they juggle family commitments and colleagues moving towards retirement might see benefits as they begin to reduce their hours gradually . ''
iShüu Technologies
It seems we 're only just beginning to see the potential of e-ink . Its broadest usage is , of course , in e-readers ; then there 's the Pebble smartwatch , the e-ink YotaPhone , the e-ink multi-card , even e-ink pricing tags for supermarket displays .
But it also has strong potential in fashion -- especially since the invention of flexible e-paper . Take the Volvorii Timeless peep-toe heels , created by new Lithuania-based startup iShüu Technologies , currently seeking funding on Indiegogo .
The shoes come in both black and white , and it can be customised to a variety of patterned outfits thanks to a flexible e-ink display that is integrated into the shoe 's upper . Tucked away into a hollow carved out of the shoe 's sole is a Bluetooth low-energy receiver , which allows the wearer to program the e-ink display in either block black or white , or with a pattern to match their outfit , from polka dots to animal stripes to flowers .
`` The Volvorii 's clean , elegant , sturdy design brings gravitas , respect and formality in an unmistakable way , '' the campaign page reads . `` Whether you are a CEO at the apex of your industry or a prospective intern who got it as a graduation present going for your first interview in the corporate world , the Volvorii will carry you with grace . ''
The shoe will also have physical -- as well as digital -- customisation option . On the top of the toe and back of the heel are anchors , to which the wearer can attach accessories -- a flower or bow on the toe , for example , and an ankle strap on the back .
iShüu Technologies
Another wireless module in the sole allows the shoe 's display to be charged without cables . However , because e-ink requires so little power , it will only need to be charged every few weeks at most .
So far , the iShüu team has created a working prototype , created to compete in the Louis Vuitton Prize ; but now the team seeks funding to turn the prototype -- which you can see in action in the video below -- into a final product .
The team is currently offering the Volvorii Timeless shoes as a reward for an Indiegogo early bird pledge of $ 149 , limited to 10 pairs ; the regular crowdfunding price is $ 249 . RRP is yet to be announced . The team is estimating a delivery date of December this year ; you can find out more info on the Volvorii Indiegogo page .
Imelda Marcos , eat your heart out .
ANBAR Iraq ( Reuters ) - Iran 's supreme leader accused the United States on Sunday of trying to retake control of Iraq by exploiting sectarian rivalries , as Sunni insurgents drove towards Baghdad from new strongholds along the Syrian border .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's condemnation of U.S. action came three days after President Barack Obama offered to send 300 military advisers to help the Iraqi government . Khamenei may want to block any U.S. choice of a new prime minister after grumbling in Washington about Shi'ite premier Nuri al-Maliki .
The supreme leader did not mention the Iranian president 's recent suggestion of cooperation with Shi'ite Tehran 's old U.S. adversary in defense of their mutual ally in Baghdad .
On Sunday , militants overran a second frontier post on the Syrian border , extending two weeks of swift territorial gains as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) pursues the goal of its own power base , a “ caliphate ” straddling both countries that has raised alarm across the Middle East and in the West .
“ We are strongly opposed to U.S. and other intervention in Iraq , ” IRNA news agency quoted Khamenei as saying . “ We do n't approve of it as we believe the Iraqi government , nation and religious authorities are capable of ending the sedition . ”
Some Iraqi analysts interpreted their remarks as a warning to the United States not to try to pick its own replacement for Maliki , whom many in the West and Iraq hold responsible for the crisis . In eight years in power , they have alienated many in the Sunni minority that dominated the country under ousted dictator Saddam Hussein .
Khamenei has not made clear how far Iran itself will back Maliki to hold on to their job once parliament reconvenes following an election in which Maliki 's bloc won the most seats .
Speaking in Cairo , Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States wanted Iraqis to find a leadership that would represent all the country 's communities - though they echoed Obama in saying it would not pick or choose those leaders . “ The United States would like the Iraqi people to find leadership that is prepared to represent all of the people of Iraq , that is prepared to be inclusive and share power , ” Kerry said . ( Full Story )
The U.S. and Iranian governments had seemed open to collaboration against ISIL , which is also fighting the Iranian-backed president of Syria , whom Washington wants to see removed .
“ American authorities are trying to portray this as a sectarian war , but what is happening in Iraq is not a war between Shi'ites and Sunnis , ” said Khamenei , who has the last word in the Islamic Republic 's Shi'ite clerical administration . ( Full Story )
Accusing Washington of using Sunni Islamists and loyalists of Saddam 's Baath party , they added : “ The U.S. is seeking an Iraq under its hegemony and ruled by its stooges. ” During Iran 's long war with Saddam in the 1980s , Iraq enjoyed quiet U.S. support .
Tehran and Washington have been shocked by the lightning offensive , spearheaded by ISIL but also involving Sunni tribes and Saddam loyalists . It has seen swaths of northern and western Iraq fall , including the major city of Mosul on June 10 .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani criticized oil-rich Sunni Gulf states that they said were funding “ terrorists ” - a reference to the likes of Saudi Arabia and Qatar which have backed Sunni rebels against Syria 's Iranian-backed leader , Bashar al-Assad .
“ We emphatically tell those Islamic states and all others funding terrorists with their petrodollars that these terrorist savages you have set on other people 's lives will come to haunt you , ” IRNA quoted Rouhani as saying on Sunday .
WESTERN OFFENSIVE
ISIL thrust east from a newly captured Iraqi-Syrian border post on Sunday , taking three towns in Iraq 's western Anbar province after seizing the frontier crossing near the town of Qaim on Saturday , witnesses and security sources said .
They seized a second border post , al-Waleed , on Sunday . ( Full Story )
The gains have helped ISIL secure supply lines to Syria , where it has exploited the chaos of the uprising against Assad to seize territory . It is considered the most powerful force among armed groups who seized Falluja , just west of Baghdad , and took parts of Anbar 's capital Ramadi at the start of the year .
The fall of Qaim represented another step towards the realization of ISIL 's military goals - erasing a frontier drawn by colonial powers carving up the Ottoman empire a century ago .
ISIL 's gains on Sunday included the towns of Rawa and Ana along the Euphrates river east of Qaim , as well as the town of Rutba further south on the main highway from Jordan to Baghdad . Jordan said traffic had stopped arriving from Iraq .
An Iraqi military intelligence official said Iraqi troops had withdrawn from Rawa and Ana after ISIL militants attacked the settlements late on Saturday . “ Troops withdrew from Rawa , Ana and Rutba this morning and ISIL moved quickly to completely control these towns , ” the official said .
“ They took Ana and Rawa this morning without a fight . ”
IRAQ SPLINTERS
Military spokesperson Major-General Qassim al-Moussawi said the withdrawal from the towns was intended to ensure “ command and control ” and to allow troops to regroup and retake the areas .
Members of the Iraqi security forces patrol an area near the borders between Karbala Province and Anbar Province , June 16 , 2014 file photo . REUTERS/Mushtaq Muhammed
The towns are on a supply route between ISIL 's positions in northwestern Iraq and eastern Syria , where the group has taken a string of towns and strategic positions over the past few days from rival Sunni forces fighting Assad .
The last major Syrian town not in ISIL 's hands in the region , the border town of Albukamal , is controlled by the Nusra Front , al Qaeda 's branch in Syria which has clashed with ISIL .
A monitoring group said on Sunday that ISIL fighters in northern Syria had for the first time been seen using U.S.-made Humvee all-terrain vehicles seized from the Iraqi army . ( Full Story )
Disowned by al Qaeda in February after defying the global leadership to pursue its own goals in Syria , ISIL has pushed south down the Tigris valley since capturing Mosul with barely a fight , occupying towns and taking large amounts of weaponry from the collapsing , U.S.-trained Iraqi army .
Sunni militants also seized Tal Afar , west of Mosul , an Iraqi government official said late on Sunday . Tal Afar has been contested for a week after the military initially lost the community of Sunni and Shi'ite Turkmens and then kicked off a counter-offensive . Iraqi officials have wanted to use Tal Afar as a launching pad for rallying Mosul 's Sunni population to oust ISIL .
Overnight , ISIL fighters attacked the town of al-Alam , north of Tikrit , according to witnesses and police in the town . The attackers were repelled by security forces and tribal fighters , they said , adding that two ISIL fighters had been killed .
State television reported that “ anti-terrorism forces ” in coordination with the air force had killed 40 ISIL members and destroyed five vehicles in Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown .
There was a lull in fighting at Iraq 's largest refinery , Baiji , near Tikrit , on Sunday . The site had been a battlefield since Wednesday as Sunni fighters launched an assault on the plant . Militants entered the large compound but were repelled by Iraqi military units . The fighters now surround the compound .
A black column of smoke rose from the site on Sunday . Refinery officials said it was caused by a controlled burning of waste .
At least 17 soldiers and volunteers were killed in overnight clashes with ISIL militants in the Saied Ghareeb area near Dujail , 50 km ( 30 miles ) north of Baghdad , army and medical sources said . Near the city of Ramadi , west of the capital , a suicide bomber and a car bomb killed six people at a funeral for an army officer killed the previous day .
SUNNI CLASHES
Relations between diverse Sunni fighting groups have not been entirely smooth . On Sunday morning , clashes raged for a third day between ISIL and Sunni tribes backed by the Naqshbandi Army , a group led by former army officers and Baathists , around Hawija , southwest of Kirkuk , local security sources and tribal leaders said .
More than 10 people were killed in clashes , the sources said . On Friday , ISIL and Naqshbandi fighters began fighting each other in Hawija . Iraqi and Western officials have argued that ISIL and other Sunni factions may turn on each other after capturing territory .
Slideshow ( 5 Images )
The fighting has threatened to tear the country apart for good , reducing Iraq to separate Sunni , Shi'ite and ethnic Kurdish regions . It has highlighted divisions among regional powers , notably between Iran and Saudi Arabia .
Iraq 's Kurds have meanwhile expanded their territory beyond their autonomous region in the northeast , notably taking over the long-prized oil city of Kirkuk . Two Kurdish militiamen were killed by a roadside bomb there on Sunday , a police source said .
The government has mobilized Shi'ite militias and other volunteers to fight on the frontlines and defend the capital - thousands of fighters in military fatigues marched in a Shi'ite slum of the capital Baghdad on Saturday .
The Penny Arcade gang is n't exactly known for their tactful and effective approach to gender relations . But PAX , on both coasts , does do one thing right : they forbid exhibitors from hiring scantily clad models who do n't know anything about the products just to attract visitors . In other words : no booth babes .
Now , many of the PAX exhibitors do hire conventionally attractive young women to stand near the merch and hawk the product ( I came upon a table of such studying their lines the night before PAX East opened , this year ) , but they 're required to dress reasonably and blend in with the booth , as it were . And the difference is n't so much with the women or exhibitors themselves as it is this :
The policy against booth babes attempts to foster an environment where women are around to sell the products , not to be the products .
Advertisement
E3 has no such policy . And after three days wandering around the madness of an enormous convention center , I desperately wish it did . And I wish that all of the marketing departments for all of the studios , large and small , did too .
I 've been walking through the halls , observing the beckons of a legion of carefully-coiffed young women wearing the same t-shirts or polo shirts as their male peers , but with booty shorts or miniskirts and six-inch heels . ( Their male counterparts are generally in baggy jeans and ancient sneakers . ) They 're not beckoning to me , of course . I am not their target audience or demographic . And a booth that wants to attract my attention by waving the promise of women at me is , in fact , saying loud and clear that they do n't want my attention at all .
At one demo , I had to fight my way through a mob to get to the booth 's front desk , only to find that actually , there was no line at reception — the throng around me had assembled to snap photos of the two women in ill-fitting , barely-there elf costumes as they posed provocatively by the booth 's entrance .
Advertisement
A studio for which I have previously always harbored a soft spot handed me a poster with a naked woman on it ( she has strategically placed long blonde hair ) after showing me their two demos in a room that had implausibly posed , borderline softcore-fantasy-porn female character models arrayed along the walls around us .
For every confident cosplayer who might do the job at a con , I am seeing dozens of companies trying to sell me hundreds of women . They are not drawing my attention to the content of their games , or to their tactics or techniques . They are drawing my attention to thigh-high boots , to low-cut shirts , and , frankly , to the hard work of a really expensive bra .
Advertisement
So much of what I see here at E3 is aimed directly at the lizard hindbrain of a 13-year-old boy . But you have to be 18 to get into the show , and it 's nominally for industry professionals . Perhaps someday we—men and women alike—can all be treated like the grown-ups we theoretically are , and be trusted to judge a game by its content ... not its double-D cover .
During a eulogy for their father , the teen-aged son of ex-Fox News head Roger Ailes issued a threat to the women they feel caused their father to get booted from the conservative news network
According to New York Magazine editor Gabriel Sherman — whose reporting contributed to Ailes 's demise — Zachary Ailes told the mourners at the Palm Beach funeral , “ I 'm coming after them…and hell is coming with me . ”
Sherman called the comment , “ Scary . ”
The “ hell is coming with me ” comment is likely a reference to a line in the film “ Tombstone , ” about the shootout at the O.K . corral .
Ailes funeral was held Saturday morning , and was attended by Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh and Ethel Kennedy , according to the Daily Mail .
You can see Sherman 's tweet below :
There has been a shakeup in the Unites States Army . One female colonel has stepped down from their job after suggesting attractive women should not be portrayed in promotional materials . NBC 's Kristen Welker reports .
A U.S. Army colonel who wrote an email suggesting attractive women should not be portrayed in U.S. Army promotional materials stepped down from their job Friday .
Col. Lynette Arnhart recently sent an email arguing that an attractive woman shown in a photo in an Army magazine sent the wrong signal . Arnhart argued that unattractive women are perceived as competent while attractive women are perceived as having used their looks to get ahead .
They went on to argue that the Army should use `` more average looking women '' or women who are willing to do the dirty work . Arnhart said that photos of attractive women in uniform lead people to ask if breaking a nail is considered hazardous duty .
Until they stepped down , Arnhart was in charge of the Army research project examining women 's transition into combat roles .
`` In order to protect the integrity of the ongoing work on gender integration in the Army , Col. Lynette Arnhart agreed to step down as the gender integration study director , '' an Army spokesperson said tonight .
The public affairs officer at the Army Training and Doctrine Command -- the recipient of Arnhart 's email -- has also been suspended , pending the outcome of an investigation .
That officer , Col. Chris Kubik , sent NBC News a statement about the email earlier this week , saying that it `` was an internal discussion ; nothing more . ''
`` This discussion was not and is not reflective of Army policy . The intent of the message was to help ensure that images depict professional female soldiers as they are , and to ensure they are recognized based on their hard-earned achievements as members of the profession of arms , '' Kubik wrote .
For the month of February , a Philadelphia man will live in an open air mock jail cell . At night he 'll sleep in a body bag . During the day he 'll speak and listen to anyone who steps up to the bars . Visitors will find a thin , deep-eyed man who at 42 years is neither young nor old , radiating love .
The man in the cell is Michael “ O.G . Law ” Ta'Bon , and the “ Deathfast , ” as they call it , is entering its seventh year as an annual campaign of art , performance , music and activism aimed at disrupting the birth to prison pipeline .
Produced in partnership with the Philadelphia Anti-Violence Coalition , the Deathfast is among Ta'Bon 's highest profile acts , but it 's no one-off . Constantly creating , Ta'Bon is an artist . Activism is their medium , and battle-ready love is their subject . From this subject , they have no distance . “ I fight the Devil , ” they say .
Ta'Bon is vitality in search of form . In their room in a semi-derelict stone house at the bottom of Germantown Avenue , he 's penned lyrics , sketches and inspirations in a 360-degree storm of Sharpie and pencil across the bare sheetrock of their walls . Sixteen bars of a spare beat to a song-in-progress loops endlessly from their computer . Art supplies are scattered across the floor .
On this morning in mid-January , O.G . Law is getting dressed to go out and draw in public . I 've offered to drive . They slip their wiry torso into a fresh t-shirt , dons a hoodie , and steps into their jail suit : orange coveralls that announce prisoner .
They zip up and drapes around their neck a length of shackles , chains complete with hand- and legcuffs . We head for the door .
Ta'Bon got their first sentence at the age of 16 on a car theft charge . By their own account , they were a stickup kid , a barber and a drug dealer . At 24 , they robbed a Clover store on North Broad . Approaching the register , they raised their shirt to show a pistol tucked into their belt . Caught and convicted , Ta'Bon served seven years before being paroled in 2005 .
In prison , they discovered a talent for writing , and became the go-to-guy for a letter that would earn you leniency from a judge , or new Timberlands from your girlfriend . Their first book-length endeavor was erotica . Released from prison with a manuscript in their hand and a headful full of rhymes , Ta'Bon spun their incarcerated past as a promotional angle . They put on the jail suit and adopted the pen and M.C . name “ XXX Con . ”
When Ta'Bon listens , all channels are open . They meet your eyes , nods , and greets your truth . It 's on you to match their honesty . This is Ta'Bon 's gift . He 's an injured man with strength , a man in chains who are radically free , and their presence challenges you to be better .
They came out to witness rising violence ; 2006 was one of Philadelphia 's deadliest years in decades . One evening , in the final moments of a basketball game at a community center , Ta'Bon saw a child shot to death .
Shaken , Ta'Bon conceived a remembrance in the style of the Vietnam War Memorial in D.C. and soon after led the painting of the Rest in Peace Memorial Wall at 1924 Hunting Park Avenue .
They painted 406 names , Philadelphians murdered in 2006 . Some had been their friends . The jail suit they wore ceased to be schtick . They were harnessing the injuries of their community , of their own life , and finding purpose . Organized by month , the names form eight columns spanning the side wall of a two-story rowhome . On a clear day , the sky matches the mural 's underlying field of blue .
Ta'Bon completed the wall in March 2007 . Murder , however , was not done with Ta'Bon . On January 19 , 2008 , Ta'Bon 's girlfriend , Chanté Wright , was killed , probably as retaliation for stepping forward to testify about a murder she 'd witnessed .
Another blow came on the heels of Wright 's death : In September 2008 , then Governor Ed Rendell placed a moratorium on parole following the murder of police officer Patrick MacDonald . Ta'Bon , who was a parolee , got temporarily sucked back into prison . In despair , Ta'Bon asked God for guidance , and God replied .
“ He told me to do a thing , ” Ta'Bon says in a soon-to-be released documentary . “ Love . ”
Ta'Bon adds , “ … and wear this dumb-ass jail suit while you 're at it . ”
Months later , jail suit on , Ta'Bon returned to the RIP Wall , built a cell , working straight through an ice storm , and held the first Deathfast .
To follow God 's command , Ta'Bon knew they could not turn away from the death and confinement that had marred their life . Freedom lay on the other side of that pain , and love was the only way through .
The current iteration of Ta'Bon 's “ Un-Prison Cell ” sits in an empty lot on the corner of 22nd and Bellevue . It 's a 20-foot trailer with faux-cinder blocks and painted flames . The trailer is divided in two : A 6'x8 ' portion makes the cell itself , complete with bars and a cot ; the larger half is the “ commissary , ” which will house a DJ booth during the Deathfast events .
This year , the Deathfast is linking up with schools , businesses and non profits to create a roving , celebratory manifestation of love conquering pain , touting Education over Incarceration . The tour will start at Germantown and Logan , the epicenter of a shootout last June that left four people injured , and will move to anywhere there 's gun violence in the course of the month . ( You can follow Ta'Bon 's journey on their Facebook and Twitter feeds . ) As in other years , Ta'Bon will tell their stories to each and every person who approaches him—parents who bring their troubled children , cops with kids hanging out on the corner , parole officers with their parolees . It 's in their stories that he 's most powerful , bringing an honesty and love to life , despite all its sadness .
Ta'Bon points to mold streaking downward from the ceiling of the cell . “ See that ? We got water damage , ” they say . A moment later , he 's climbed onto the roof to inspect , but their phone rings and he 's pulled into a long , twisting conversation . The call is about their kids , and it 's the sort of call perhaps familiar to anyone who 's navigating the breakup of a marriage . As you might imagine , the habits of a performance artist activist on a mission from God with no steady stream of income make for a complicated life .
Ta'Bon climbs down from the roof , bids thank to their man across the street—a burly , Philly-bearded dude in a black hoodie who keeps an eye on the Un-Prison Cell—and we head for Center City .
We wind up across from Dilworth Plaza on the cold , vacant stone by the subway entrance . The area is rich with the lore of O.G . Law : In October 2012 they chained themselves to the LOVE sculpture for a week , exposing themselves to the full fury of Superstorm Sandy . In 2015 , they slept three nights on the slate outside of the Municipal Services Building beside an artist 's labyrinth .
Today , beside the windows of the TD Bank , Ta'Bon spreads a fifteen-foot bolt of canvas . On its upper half , they have drawn a perfect likeness of Martin Luther King Jr. 's features : the gentle nose , dark eyes , mouth parted in speech . The lines are assured . The shading committed . The rest of King remains in faint lines . Ta'Bon weighs the corners of the canvas down with rolls of duct tape and an empty 5-gallon water jug for donations .
The stream of commuters and shoppers is steady , and exactly zero drawing gets done . People stop , arrested by the sight of a man in a jail suit and their portrait of King .
“ It 's a cape , ” they explain . “ I 'm going to attach it to other sections that are finished , ” they say . “ Then , I run . ”
Ta'Bon , strapping a yoke around their shoulders , plans to jog with the cape—with a projected length of 70 feet—around the city . “ Seventy miles in seven days with 70 feet , ” they say . “ It 'll be a record . Somebody tell Guinness . Longer than Batman , Superman and Liberace put together ! ”
Over the next two hours , Ta'Bon engages with a few dozen people , two or three at a time . When they speak , it 's intense . They relive stories in the telling , acting out parts and revealing their life . Their metaphors rove anywhere from the Jonah and the fish to the iPhone 7 . They kneel over their portrait of King , saying “ Here 's a man who got their throat shot out the back of their neck , for what ? For love ! ”
And when Ta'Bon listens , all channels are open . They meet your eyes , nods , and greets your truth . It 's on you to match their honesty . This is Ta'Bon 's gift . He 's an injured man with strength , a man in chains who are radically free , and their presence challenges you to be better .
The sun casts William Penn on the clock tower in a golden dusk light . Everywhere else is cold . Ta'Bon rolls up their bolt of canvas and shakes their donation jug . “ We did pretty good , ” they say . He 'll need a good deal more to weatherproof the Un-Prison Cell and to get a new radiator and waterpump for the secondhand U-haul he 'll use to tow the cell around the city , which is to say nothing of the money he 'll need to keep themselves and those depending on them alive . “ I feel my chin dropping sometimes , ” they admit , but then , catching themselves in pity , they laugh : “ Da-da-da-daaa ! The real-life superhero : O.G . Law ! ”
And there 's more to look forward to : the release of the documentary , and an acting turn in a narrative film by Philadelphia 's own Neighborhood Film Company .
As I drive Ta'Bon back up Broad to Germantown Ave . I ask them about the 70-mile , 7-day run . “ I 'll do Broad Street top to bottom . Market top to bottom . Lancaster , Kensington. ” It 'll be their third year .
“ Does n't it hurt ? ” I ask . “ It 's got ta be heavy . ”
They shout : “ It 's like three-pounds of drag ! And that canvas sticks to the ice like tape ! Yes , it hurts , but if you just put one foot in front of the other and stay focused on your destination , nobody can stop you . It 's an inspiration every time I finish . ”
I tell them that he 's free in a way I am not . Running the streets with chains , a banner and prison-coveralls ? I 'd be afraid to come off insane .
“ I was a little self-conscious as first , but in jail you develop an I do n't give a fuck switch , ” they say . “ It comes from getting strip-searched in front of other men . ”
Ta'Bon does n't see themselves having much of a choice . This is a mission : “ It 's not for me to turn my back , ” they say .
And they believe it works . “ It 's crime prevention , ” they tell me . “ You 'll be on your way to do something dirty . You 'll see that jail suit coming . Hear those chains . You 're gon na examine where you 're at . ”
What 's more , it 's beautiful . The cape 's longest section bearing their mantra Fight Hate with Love is full of the signatures and hopes that he 's collected from people on their routes . As they run , the drag lightens , and soon he 's off , carrying these prayers through the city .
A message from The Philadelphia Citizen Get More From Every Story We include boxes in nearly every story to help you take action . Click the boxes below to see how you can make Philly better . Do Something Read More Video Cheat Sheet
Header photo by Thomas Fox Parry .
A breakthrough has been made as scientists discover a tiny star in a binary system located around 14,800 light years away . The globular cluster is known as 47 Tucanae and is the first of its kind that we know about to consist of a white dwarf that circles the black hole every 28 minutes . It 's the closest orbit that 's ever been observed by scientists in an any black hole and star pair .
Arash Bahramian of the University of Alberta , Canada and Michigan State University , USA , said , “ We suspect they 've been like this for millions or billions of years . And our current understanding is that the system is stable . It can probably stay this way for a million of years more. ” The white dwarf may not be in any danger of being dragged into the black hole or being ripped apart by it , but it 's still fuelling its partner with a steady stream of space dust and gas . This has never been observed before , where a black hole is feeding off a star and is very exciting for astronomers .
“ Although we expect a lot of these systems in globular clusters , we have found a surprisingly low number of them . Until a couple of years ago , this number was zero . We thought perhaps that there were none left to see today – that perhaps black holes gained a lot of speed because of interactions with clusters ad got kicked out , that they left the clusters rapidly after forming , But then evidence suggested some should have survived until today , ” says Bahramian .
It 's only been in the past decade or so that astronomers have started to discover these systems , are there 's still only ever been a handful found , including this one . Moving forward , scientists will be able to use these to try and understand the evolution of black holes , globular clusters , and stars . Observatories that detect gravitational waves could be used to learn more about these systems too , but at the moment , none are quite powerful enough . Astronomers are hoping that the new wave observatories planned for the future , should be able to do the job , so I guess we 'll just have to sit tight for now and work with what we have .
More News to Read
Comments
comments
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The prime minister , pictured with Jamaican PM Portia Simpson Miller , says they want to look to the future
David Cameron has ruled out making reparations for Britain 's role in the historic slave trade and urged Caribbean countries to `` move on '' .
The prime minister acknowledged that `` these wounds run very deep '' during their visit to Jamaica , where they faced calls to apologise from campaigners .
They said Britain 's role in wiping slavery `` off the face of our planet '' should be remembered .
Jamaican PM Portia Simpson Miller said they had raised the issue in talks .
'Obvious sensitivities '
Addressing MPs in Jamaica 's parliament , Mr Cameron said slavery was `` abhorrent in all its forms '' .
They added : `` I do hope that , as friends who have gone through so much together since those darkest of times , we can move on from this painful legacy and continue to build for the future . ''
Mr Cameron also announced £25m in British aid for a new Jamaican prison and a £300m development package for the Caribbean which will provide grants for infrastructure projects , including roads and bridges .
They said their visit - the first by a British prime minister in 14 years - was to `` reinvigorate '' ties between the countries , and that they wanted to concentrate on future relations rather than centuries-old issues .
Mrs Simpson Miller said while they were `` aware of the obvious sensitivities '' , Jamaica was `` involved in a process under the auspices of the Caribbean Community [ Caricom ] to engage the UK on the matter '' .
During Mr Cameron 's speech , a small group of protesters with placards that read `` reparations now '' gathered outside parliament .
Analysis
Image copyright PA
By BBC News correspondent Elaine Dunkley
While Prime Minister David Cameron is keen to send criminals back to Jamaica to serve their sentences , Jamaicans want to talk about the wrongs of Britain 's past .
The state of Jamaica 's prison system has long been a source of international embarrassment for the island . Medical care is poor and there is serious overcrowding .
But more important to Jamaicans is the news that the British government will invest tens of millions in vital infrastructure in the Caribbean to help drive economic growth and create jobs .
The issue of reparation for Britain 's involvement in slavery has been the mosquito in the ointment for Mr Cameron .
There have been calls from the Jamaican government to make financial amends and apologise .
No apology from him , but instead an acknowledgement about the impact that slavery has had .
Mr Cameron wanted this visit to be about the future - but Jamaica certainly ca n't forget the past .
The issue of former slave-owning nations compensating former colonies is a contentious one in the Caribbean , where national commissions have calculated the sums could run into trillions of dollars .
One suggestion has been that the money could be provided in the form of debt relief .
Mrs Simpson Miller told the United Nations in 2013 there should be `` an international discussion in a non-confrontational manner '' and its parliament had passed a motion backing reparations .
One Jamaican MP , Mike Henry , threatened to boycott Mr Cameron 's speech at the country 's parliament if they did not engage on the issue .
Britain 's slave-owners
Image copyright Getty Images
For more than 200 years Britain was at the heart of a lucrative transatlantic trade in millions of enslaved Africans .
According to ship records it is estimated about 12.5 million people were transported as slaves from Africa to the Americas and the Caribbean - to work in often brutal conditions on plantations - from the 16th century until the trade was banned in 1807 .
In 1833 , Britain emancipated its enslaved people and raised the equivalent of £17bn in compensation money to be paid to 46,000 of Britain 's slave-owners for `` loss of human property '' . University College London has compiled a database of those compensated .
Among those listed is General Sir James Duff , who it is claimed is a first cousin six times removed of David Cameron . They were awarded compensation worth about £3m in today 's terms .
Others who received compensation include the ancestors of novelists George Orwell and Graham Greene , as well as distant relatives of Arts Council chairperson Sir Peter Bazalgette and celebrity chef Ainsley Harriott .
Campaigners also called on Mr Cameron to make a personal apology , saying one of their own ancestors was paid compensation for the loss of their slaves in 1834 .
Bert Samuels , a member of Jamaica 's National Commission on Reparations , told Television Jamaica `` he needs to atone , to apologise personally and on behalf of theirs country '' .
Sir Hilary Beckles , chairperson of Caricom 's reparations commission , wrote in an open letter in the Jamaica Observer that the UK must `` play its part in cleaning up this monumental mess of Empire '' .
Image copyright PA Image caption Mrs Simpson Miller gave Mr Cameron a warm welcome - but has since raised the controversial issue of reparation
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , who lived in Jamaica for two years in their youth , said that , as prime minister , they would be ready to apologise for the slave trade .
Speaking at Labour 's annual conference in Brighton , Mr Corbyn said it was `` the most brutal part of our history and the history of Jamaica '' .
During their two-day visit , Mr Cameron revealed the UK will spend £25m on building a prison in Jamaica so that foreign criminals in the UK can be sent home to serve sentences in the Caribbean .
More than 600 Jamaican nationals are in UK jails but can not be deported because of Jamaica 's poor prison conditions .
Officials say the foreign aid-funded deal could save taxpayers £10m a year when transfers begin in 2020 .
The Howard League for Penal Reform criticised the plan , saying it was `` the wrong use of foreign aid '' and would fail to address the real issue of overcrowding in British prisons .
Chinese Railgun This early Chinese railgun or coilgun ( pre-2005 ) is part of Chinese electromagnetic research , which began in the 1980s . While railguns are relatively simple to build , the difficulty lies in scaling them up , as well as making the barrel durable enough for multiple firings . Chinese Internet , via Strategy Center
A Chinese defense contractor may be on its way to key breakthroughs in railgun weaponry .
This BAE graphic illustrates the basic principles behind railgun technology , as well as its advantages ( high launch speed and range , affordability , high firing volume ) . Chinese railguns on the Type 055A destroyer would likely have such similar characteristics . BAE
Railguns are one of the potential game-changing weapons of future war . Instead of using the power of chemical explosives such as gunpowder , a railgun uses electromagnetic force to propel projectiles to hypersonic speeds , potentially up to ranges of several hundred miles . A railgun 's barrel has two parallel conducting rails built into it . When a moving armature ( usually the projectile ) is inserted into the barrel , it connects the parallel rails to complete the current , thus generating an intense electromagnetic field . The projectile then accelerates out of the barrel at high speeds .
206 Institute Scientists at CASIC 's 206th Institute in the lab . Scientists at the 206th Institute among China 's leading researchers in applied electromagnetic launch ( including technologies like railguns and EMALS catapults ) .
These new class of weapons are considered by the US Navy to be a key technology for meeting 21st century warfighting needs , most notably in plans for countering China 's military growth . Until now , the tech have been primarily a US dominated space ; the U.S. Navy for example will test a railgun on the USNS Trenton starting in 2016 . This seems to be changing .
7th Chinese Electromagnetic Technology Conference At the 7th Chinese Electromagnetic Technology Conference in Oct 2015 , Chinese scientists presented advances in key railgun technologies , such as toughened barrels to allow for rapid railgun firing in combat conditions . CASIC
The China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation ( CASIC ) has reported online that its 206 Institute , which researches electromagnetic launch technologies , has made breakthroughs in electromagnetically launch boosted missiles and railguns designed for close in weapons systems ( CIWS ) . This follows the 206 Institute 's hosting of the Seventh Chinese Electromagnetic Technology Conference in Oct 2015 , which also reported advances in material sciences to reduce railgun barrel wear ( while railgun technology have been tested since 1918 , power generation and the wearing out of the barrel are longstanding barriers to the deployment of militarily useful railguns ) .
Wuhan EMALS This satellite photo shows a test facility at the Chinese naval research facility in Wuhan . Speculation is that it is the prototype for the Chinese EMALS catapult system , which would be equipped on future Chinese carriers ( Type 002 ? ) . hmmwv at China Defense Forum
Phoenix Television reported on a number of other related railgun research advances . An early November 2015 news broadcast stated that Chinese researchers have made breakthroughs in electromagnetic aircraft launch systems ( EMALS ) and railguns , in areas from power storage to tougher barrel materials . EMALS catapults could be installed on Chinese aircraft carriers in the next decade , improving the performance of Chinese naval aircraft . The Phoenix TV broadcast also suggested that the PLAN hopes to test its own operational railgun in the next couple of years .
Type 1130 CIWS The Type 1130 CIWS , with 11 30mm barrels , is the largest Gatling cannon in the world , firing up to 11,000 rounds a minute ( that 's nearly 200 rounds a second ) . Its designers say that it can shoot down 90 % of incoming supersonic missiles . But it could be replaced by shipborne railguns , which would protect Chinese warships against future hypersonic threats . =GT at China Defense Forum
Despite longstanding public conceptions of China only developing copycat weapons aided by intellectual property theft and espionage ( such as the F-35 and J31 fighter jet similarity ) , China 's progress in developing new cutting edge military technologies like railguns actually reflects a deep investment in the field . Chinese scientists from civilian and military universities submitted the most papers at the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers 's 2014 Symposium on Electromagentic Launch in California , and China will host the upcoming 2016 Symposium as well .
Type 055 The second batch of Chinese Type 055 destroyers will likely feature railguns , starting in the 2020-2025 timeframe . A 32 megajoule railgun on the Type 055 destroyer would be able to launch a ten kilogram projectile over a 100 nautical miles away , with the impact energy of medium artillery . Railgun ammunition can be guided , and programmed to explode over a target , destroying soft targets like parked aircraft and missile launchers . lt.cdjby.net
The likely use of the reported railgun in a close in weapons systems ( CIWS ) would be to defend Chinese warships and bases against not just conventional airplanes and missiles , but also hypersonic and ballistic missiles . But China 's recent progress in railgun technology also points to their potential in the same long range fight role the US navy envisions ( covered in the recent book Ghost Fleet ) . There have been online rumors that suggest that the second batch of Type 055 guided missile destroyers ( potentially to be termed the Type 055A , following the naming pattern ) will be armed with large railguns in the place of older 130mm cannons , for long range anti-surface and air defense warfare . The putative Type 055A destroyer class would likely be launched after 2020 , and feature integrated electrical propulsion , for increased power generation to power railguns , lasers and advanced sensors .
Blitzer Railgun The 10MJ General Atomic Blitzer railgun can be put on a mobile ground launcher , supported by two generator vehicles to power it . Future advances in power generation and storage could result in more powerful railguns , with ranges of hundreds of miles , replacing Chinese short ranged ballistic missiles . IHS JANES
NEWARK — In what may be a first in New Jersey , a Morris County man who defaulted on their $ 520,000 mortgage in 2007 has instead won the right to retain ownership of their house , according to court records .
Earlier this month , Gordon A. Washington of Madison won a challenge against creditors Specialized Loan Servicing LLC and Bank of New York Mellon to collect the debt , saying they failed to file a viable foreclosure complaint within a six-year statute of limitations .
In their written opinion , Judge Michael B. Kaplan repeatedly expressed their reluctance to nullify the mortgage agreement — stating they did so with a `` figurative hand holding the nose '' — but , nonetheless , they ruled in favor of Washington by voiding the mortgage lien .
`` The debtor retains the property , free of any claim of the defendants , '' Kaplan wrote in their Nov. 5 decision . `` The court will proceed to gargle in an effort to remove the lingering bad taste . ''
Earlier this year , the percentage of New Jersey homes in foreclosure rose to the highest rate in the nation .
Montclair lawyer Margaret Jurow told The Record , which first reported the court 's decision early Saturday morning , that this was the first case they were aware of in which the court applied the statute of limitations to the correction of a mortgage loan , and that borrowers can generally only hope for a modification of the loan to get a lower down payment .
The newspaper reported that it was n't able to determine Friday if Washington 's creditors intended to appeal the decision .
Washington 's attorney , Walter Nealy , told NJ Advance Media Saturday afternoon the decision spoke for itself and that Washington 's bankruptcy proceedings were ongoing .
The ruling provided a spot of good news for Washington who lost an appeal earlier this year in an unrelated criminal case .
In that case , NJ Advance Media reported that Washington sought to suppress evidence found by firefighters who responded to their smoke-filled home back in 2010 that led to several drug charges including possession of marijuana and other paraphernalia .
Washington pleaded guilty to fourth-degree possession of a controlled dangerous substance after a trial judge rejected their claim a police officer , tipped off by firefighters , conducted an unreasonable , warrantless search of their home in 2010 .
The appellate court instead upheld the trial court 's ruling that the firefighters had entered lawfully , responding to a threat of a fire , and found the evidence in plain view . Washington received probation and was issued fines in the matter .
Rep. Peter DeFazio ( D-OR ) opposes President Obama 's proposal to cut Social Security and veterans benefits with a “ chained CPI. ” In fact , they say that making no deal at all before January 2013 would be preferable . Here 's why :
Rep. Peter DeFazio ( D-Ore ) was even more terse . They warned it is better to go over the cliff on Dec. 31 rather than reach an agreement that includes the Social Security cuts . DeFazio said the current CPI , though imperfect , is better than the chained CPI . They asked what motivation there is for Democrats to fight for what , in their eyes , is the worse deal . “ On Jan. 1 , if we do nothing , seniors get a full COLA [ cost-of-living-allowance ] ai ? ? i ? ? and Lloyd Blankfein pays more in taxes , ” DeFazio said , referring to the head of Goldman Sachs . “ If we do nothing , seniors do n't get stuck with this deal . ”
We set up an ActBlue page to highlight and reward bold progressive members of Congress who are speaking out publicly today.Ai ? ? Check them out and donate $ 3 to them here .
Click hereAi ? ? to pledge to hold any Democrat who agrees to a deal that cuts Social Security , Medicare , or Medicaid benefits accountable .
Google last week unveiled Google Project Glass , its futuristic augmented reality headset . While Google talked up the benefits , some took to YouTube with parodies that showed the potential for harm – especially if Microsoft were making the glasses .
First , the original :
And now , here 's a look at six funny Project Glass parodies .
ADmented Reality – Google Glasses Remixed with Google Ads
If you watched the original video and thought , how is Google going to make money on this , then this video answers that question . Say hello to contextual ads ( as well as some subtle Google self-promotion of Google+ and Google Play ) – ads served based on everything you say .
The video description also notes that “ All of the Google Ads used are actual Google ad returns found via Google searches based on the dialog , situation or setting in the original video . Yes ‘ Music , Stop ! ' does actually return an ad asking if you would like to listen to music . ”
Google Glasses : A New Way to Hurt Yourself
This video shows the bad side of augmented reality : a text message sent accidentally , an intrusive ad , and an inquiry from the police that wo n't be denied . Oh yes , and some bodily pain .
Google Project Glass – Cheating Wife Parody
Thanks to the Project Glass technology and Google Maps , a man discovers their wife is nearby , and with another man . This activates a song with the word “ die ” in it and a search for “ how to kill ” . Who knew Project Glass would add a life meter ?
Goggle – Project Dangerous Glasses
In this video , a man 's day begins with a severe coffee burn when they receive a call . The pain continues , as do some recommended searches and ads , all culminating with Google asking if they want to go to the nearest hospital .
Windows Project Glass : One day too…
This hilarious video ponders what would happen if Windows put out its own Project-Glass type of offering . As you 'll see , it ends with an “ Unexpected catastrophic failure ! ”
Project Glass : One day… ( WoW Parody )
How great would Google 's glasses be as an add-on for World of Warcraft ? This video attempts to answer that question .
What 's your favorite video ? Have you seen any other funny Google Project Glass parody videos ? Let us know in the comments ?
Brin Wears AR Glasses
Image Credit : Thomas Hawk/Flickr
In other Project Glass news , Google co-founder Sergey Brin was spotted wearing an early prototype of the glasses Friday night . They admitted the prototype is n't yet at the level as depicted in the announcement video , the Verge reported .
Want to stay on top of the latest search trends ? Get top insights and news from our search experts . Subscribe
At one point during the 2007 offseason , the Eagles had the following QBs on the roster : Donovan McNabb , rookie ( at the time ) Kevin Kolb , A.J . Feeley , and Kelly Holcomb . Four years later , all 4 QBs are no longer Eagles , but they would eventually become Jeremy Maclin , Nate Allen , Jamar Chaney , Casey Matthews , Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie , a 2nd round pick in 2012 , and a 4th round pick in 2012 . Here 's how :
Kelly Holcomb became Jeremy Maclin instead of whoever the Eagles would have selected at 21st overall in the 2009 draft :
- Remember Kelly Holcomb ? You probably do n't , because they never took a snap with the Eagles . In March of 2007 , the Eagles traded Darwin Walker and a conditional 2008 pick for Takeo Spikes and Kelly Holcomb .
- Just 4 months later , the Eagles then traded Holcomb to the Vikings for a 6th round pick two years later in the 2009 draft .
- With the Browns on the clock at pick # 19 in the 2009 draft , the Eagles traded up from 21 to 19 , and only had to give up a 6th round pick to do so . That 6th round pick was the one the Eagles acquired in the Kelly Holcomb trade .
- With the 19th pick in the 2009 draft , the Eagles selected Jeremy Maclin .
A.J . Feeley ultimately became Jamar Chaney :
- In March of 2004 , the Eagles traded A.J . Feeley for a 2nd round pick in the 2005 draft .
- With that 2nd round pick in 2005 , the Eagles selected Reggie Brown .
- After a promising start to their career , Brown fizzled out and in March of 2010 , the Eagles traded Brown to the Buccaneers for a 6th round pick in the 2011 draft .
- In the 7th round of the 2010 draft , the Lions were on the clock , and the Eagles saw a player they liked in Jamar Chaney . They traded their 2011 6th round pick acquired in the Reggie Brown trade for Detroit 's pick in the 7th , and selected Chaney .
- After a few disappointing seasons in Miami , Feeley would actually return to Philly in 2006 to serve once again as Donovan McNabb 's backup .
Donovan McNabb became Nate Allen , Casey Matthews , and a 4 in 2012 :
- In April of 2010 , the Eagles traded McNabb to the Redskins for the 37th overall pick in the 2010 draft , and a 4th round pick that could become a 3rd round pick if McNabb accomplished any one of a number of benchmarks , which they did not .
- With the 37th overall pick in the 2010 draft , the Eagles selected Nate Allen .
- With the 4th rounder the Eagles acquired from the Redskins , the Eagles were able to acquire an extra 4th round pick in 2012 from the Buccaneers , and only had to move back 12 spots from 104 to 116 to do so .
- With that 116th overall pick , the Eagles selected Casey Matthews .
- They still have a 4th round pick in the 2012 draft stemming from this trade .
Kevin Kolb became Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and a 2nd round pick in 2012 :
- In July of 2011 , the Eagles traded Kolb to the Cardinals for Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and a 2nd round pick in 2012 .
- The Eagles now have a total of 10 picks already in the 2012 draft , and oh yeah , their current QB is still pretty good .
That 's what you call maximizing the return on all of your assets . Simply outstanding .
Bug report­ing sucks . Every time I 'm forced to do it , it 's labo­ri­ous and soul-drain­ing . It makes me give up hope for free soft­ware hav­ing a viable future . But it 's nec­es­sary , ( a ) as the way I “ pay ” for free soft­ware , and ( b ) to see if maybe I can slight­ly has­ten a hypo­thet­i­cal future where the soft­ware I rely on dai­ly might work rea­son­ably well ( it 's com­ing ! ! ) .
Here are the stages of bug report­ing , and why each of them sucks :
Tol­er­at­ing the flaws in the soft­ware because it 's bet­ter than fil­ing bugs about them ( time frame : 2 weeks to a life­time )
This stage is prob­a­bly the worst , in the most insid­i­ous way , because although it is less tedious and frus­trat­ing than the fol­low­ing stages , it 's the one that inspires the most hope­less­ness in you . Unless you are com­plete­ly enshroud­ed in ide­ol­o­gy , you will begin to resent your com­put­er more than Win­dows users do . Fig­ur­ing out against which pack­age to file a bug ( 1 minute to 2 hours )
We 're only in the sec­ond stage , and already you have to have a pret­ty deep famil­iar­i­ty with Lin­ux and bug report­ing in gen­er­al to move for­ward . Say , for instance , that Flash is crash­ing Fire­fox . Holy hell do you have a lot of work to do ! There are prob­a­bly at least ten inde­pen­dent vari­ables at play here , includ­ing the obvi­ous cul­prits Fire­fox and Flash , but also your video card dri­vers , your Fire­fox plu­g­ins , and your win­dow man­ag­er . If you do n't spend enough time exper­i­ment­ing with dif­fer­ent com­bi­na­tions of these vari­ables ( remem­ber­ing that this bug almost cer­tain­ly is n't repro­ducible on com­mand ) , then you 'll be wast­ing everybody 's time by fil­ing against the wrong pack­age . Fig­ur­ing out where the cul­prit pack­age tracks its bugs ( 2 to 10 min­utes )
Ooh , this is fun . First go to Launch­pad , nat­u­ral­ly . You might encounter sev­er­al pages that look sus­pi­cious­ly sim­i­lar ; if that hap­pens , just close your eyes and pick one . If your pack­age is n't on Launch­pad , you might get lucky and find a link to some Bugzil­la site or the project 's home page ( “ I hope the devs still own that domain ! ” ) , oth­er­wise you are at the mer­cy of Google . Remem­ber­ing your password/creating an account at the cor­rect bug track­er ( 1 sec­ond to 10 min­utes )
Oh right , there is no uni­ver­sal login for * all * Bugzil­la sites , of course , so I 'm going to have to cre­ate a new account . Oh , it says there already is an account asso­ci­at­ed with my email address . Huh . Ok , send me the link to cre­ate a new pass­word . Did that go into my spam fold­er ? Oh , ok , final­ly , here it is . Alright , click . Now to file a new bug . Oh wait , I 'm not logged in ? I thought that would have done it . Ok , “ Log In. ” Ok. Look­ing for an exist­ing report con­cern­ing your bug ( 0 sec­onds to 15 min­utes )
I have seen bugs with dozens of dupli­cates attached to them . Devel­op­ers must love that . Launch­pad does a pret­ty ok job here , search­ing for exist­ing bugs based on the title you give . It 's not often that I see a match , and when I do n't , I 'm not com­plete­ly con­fi­dent that there is n't one some­where in there . I usu­al­ly resort to Google and use my own human brain to fig­ure out oth­er ways the symp­toms of the bug might have been word­ed . I do n't want to be one of those dunces who file dupli­cates , after all . Ver­bal­ly artic­u­lat­ing the symp­toms of your bug in a way that is suc­cinct , unam­bigu­ous , and thor­ough ( 2 read­ings of Strunk & White )
Ok , I hope you 've got a lib­er­al arts degree . Oh wait , you do n't , because you are using Lin­ux . Hell , even if you do , some­times the sub­tle con­di­tions that lead to the expo­sure of a bug are so dif­fi­cult to describe that you end up with bloat­ed sen­tences in which you 're most­ly try­ing to con­vey some­thing visu­al or with a far too com­plex lin­guis­tic parse tree : “ So , then if I click on the but­ton again , this time * after * clear­ing the .con­fig direc­to­ry , but with­out hav­ing restart­ed the pro­gram , the drop-down list ( usu­al­ly just the “ Pro­files ” one , but some­times all of them ) will lose any entries that I cre­at­ed ( except for the ones made before I upgrad­ed to 0.0.2.11 ) . ” What you find your­self want­i­ng to do is take a video of the prob­lem occur­ring , but that would require sub­ject­ing your­self to the hell that is desk­top video record­ing soft­ware for Lin­ux , a path that will only leave you spi­ral­ing fur­ther and inescapably down into the toi­let that is the bug report­ing process . You 're done ! Oh oops , you 're not . Col­lect sys­tem logs and info ( 2 min­utes to 30 min­utes )
One of my least favorite mem­o­ries in life is the hours I spent diag­nos­ing a prob­lem with hiber­na­tion on my lap­top . Or was it hiber­na­tion and sleep ? Who the hell knows , the shit did n't work and I banged my head against a brick wall of diag­nos­tics and bug report­ing and research­ing so furi­ous­ly that by the end of it my room­mate found me naked on the cold tile floor of our bath­room , shiv­er­ing and blan­ket­ed in sweat . Oh , did the bug ever get fixed ? Is there a dif­fer­ence between a bug get­ting fixed and your brain cop­ing with the stress of it by mak­ing you numb to it ? I do n't know . I do n't know . Oh any­way , yeah , be sure to grab some logs and shit , they 'll prob­a­bly need that .
That 's it . Oh my god I hate it every time , it 's like pulling god damn teeth , and it 's a won­der any­body choos­es to do this with their free time . What in the hell is wrong with me ? And more impor­tant­ly , how can we make this bet­ter ? I have an idea , but I 'm too emo­tion­al­ly exhaust­ed right now to get into it .
Part 2
Rodrigo Duterte said miners have `` considerably neglected '' their duty to protect the environment .
© Thomson Reuters 2017
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday said they wanted to stop exporting mineral resources and might close the mining sector completely and tax miners `` to death '' if damage to the environment persisted . `` The protection of the environment must be made a priority ahead of mining and all other activities that adversely affect one way or another , '' Duterte said in their State of the Nation address , their second since assuming power in June last year . `` This policy is non-negotiable . `` The Philippines is the world 's biggest supplier of nickel ore and also among the top producers of copper and gold . However , the sector contributes less than 1 percent to the country 's economy , based on data from the Mines and Geosciences Bureau.The country 's miners have been under fire by Duterte 's government for alleged violations that include building mines in prohibited areas like watersheds.Duterte said miners have `` considerably neglected '' their duty to protect the environment and to repair damage done by mining . `` You have to come up with a substitute , either spend to restore the virginity of the source or I will tax you to death , '' they said.Duterte also said they wanted all mineral resources extracted from the country to be processed domestically before being exported . `` I call on our industrialists , investors , commercial barons to put up factories and manufacturing establishments right here in the Philippines to process our raw materials into finished products , '' they said.Previous governments in the Philippines called for more domestic processing of raw minerals but the country 's Congress has not enacted appropriate laws.The Philippines became the world 's top nickel ore exporter after Indonesia banned exports of unprocessed ore in 2014 , a move meant to spur the development of higher value smelting industries.The country has four mineral processing plants , two for gold and two for nickel . But most of its metallic mineral output is shipped abroad unprocessed . `` If possible , we shall put a stop to the extraction and exportation of our mineral resources ... for processing abroad and importing them back to the Philippines in the form of consumer goods at prices twice or thrice the value of the raw materials , '' Duterte said.To encourage smelting investments , the government needs to provide incentives to investors and subsidize power costs , which are high in the Philippines , mining industry executives have said.Duterte 's first appointment as Environment Minister , Regina Lopez , was dismissed in May by the Philippine Congress but they led a 10-month crackdown on the industry , highlighted by the closure and suspension of 26 of the country 's 41 mines . They also imposed a ban on open-pit mining and demanded a bigger government share in mining revenues , but their orders are now under review , according to a senior official of the Mines and Geosciences Bureau .
A CIA secret weapon used for assassination shoots a small poison dart to cause a heart attack , as explained in Congressional testimony in the short video below . By educating ourselves and others on vitally important matters like this , we can build a brighter future for us all .
The dart from this secret CIA weapon can penetrate clothing and leave nothing but a tiny red dot on the skin . On penetration of the deadly dart , the individual targeted for assassination may feel as if bitten by a mosquito , or they may not feel anything at all . The poisonous dart completely disintegrates upon entering the target .
The lethal poison then rapidly enters the bloodstream causing a heart attack . Once the damage is done , the poison denatures quickly , so that an autopsy is very unlikely to detect that the heart attack resulted from anything other than natural causes . Sounds like the perfect James Bond weapon , does n't it ? Yet this is all verifiable in Congressional testimony .
The astonishing information about this secret weapon of the CIA comes from U.S. Senate testimony in 1975 on rogue activities of the CIA . This weapon is only one of many James Bond-like discoveries of the Church Committee hearings , officially known as the United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities .
Could this or a similar secret weapon have been used , for instance , in the recent death of 52-year-old Mark Pittman , a reporter who predicted the financial crisis and exposed Federal Reserve misdoings ? Pittman , whose fight to open the Federal Reserve to more scrutiny led Bloomberg News to sue the central bank and win , died of a heart attack on Nov. 25th .
Watch the one-minute video below for the description of a former CIA secretary and Congressional testimony on this secret assassination weapon which caused heart attacks .
To watch the revealing 45-minute documentary from which the above clip was taken , click here . In this riveting exposé , five former CIA agents describe how their initial pride and enthusiasm at serving their nation turned to anguish and remorse , as they realized that they were actually subverting democracy and killing innocent civilians all in the name `` national security '' and promoting foreign policy agendas .
The above-mentioned testimony is from 1975 , well over 30 years ago . With the ensuing leaps in technological capability , just imagine what kinds of secret weapons for assassination have been developed since . There is good evidence that technology has even been developed to cause suicidal feelings in a person . For more on this , read powerful information on nonlethal weapons at this link
The box below provides several ideas on what you can do to further educate yourself on CIA secret weapons , CIA mind control projects , and more . We also invite you to comment below and let us know what you think . Does the public deserve to know about such secret programs ? Can we trust that such deadly weapons are being used for the good of the nation and world , and not for selfish ends ?
What you can do : Read other powerful , reliable articles on political assassinations at this link .
Inform your media and political representatives of this critical information on secret CIA weapons of assassination . To contact those close to you , click here . Urge them bring this information to light and allow public dialog on the topic of assassinations .
Learn about the intriguing history and development of controversial CIA behavior modification programs in this excellent two-page summary . Footnotes and links to reliable sources are provided for verification purposes .
Visit our eye-opening Mind Control Information Center at this link .
Explore inspiring ideas on how we can build a brighter future in this short essay .
Spread this news to your friends and colleagues , and bookmark this article on key news websites using the `` Share This '' icon on this page , so that we can fill the role at which the major media is sadly failing . Together , we can make a difference .
Fred Burks served as personal language interpreter to Clinton , Bush , Cheney , Gore , and other top dignitaries in secret meetings . As part of an international network of researchers and news analysts , Fred obtains and disseminates key , reliable information about powerful , yet little-known forces which shape our world . For more , see articles and links in the right column of this page .
Formatting may be lacking as a result . If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on March 27 , 2012 , Ross Lincoln Why Changing Mass Effect 's Ending Wo n't Compromise Art
The announcement on March 21 that BioWare had decided to give in to unhappy fans and change Mass Effect 3′s ending may have been welcome news to the members of Retake Mass Effect , but it was met with a collective gasp of horror from industry professionals and game journalists alike . The emerging consensus seems to be , whatever you think of the ending , the fans begging for a change are behaving in a most unseemly fashion , and BioWare 's ‘ capitulation ' to them is a betrayal of artistic integrity with dire implications for the creative future of the industry .
While we 're certainly among those who think the ending is not up to the quality of the series overall , we recognize that it is ultimately BioWare 's call , one they 've made by deciding to give the fans what they want . But was it the right call ? Was it a surrender of creative control to mob rule ? We do n't think so . In fact , we think that BioWare 's decision , and the fan reaction that prompted it , is instead a demonstration of gaming 's greatest strengths .
More importantly , we think changing the end of Mass Effect 3 does n't compromise artistic integrity , and we 'd like to discuss precisely why that is .
Precedent Exists
One of the most common complaints about BioWare 's decision , most famously articulated by IGN , is that it sets a ‘ dangerous ' precedent . Apparently , by acquiescing to the demands of Retake Mass Effect , BioWare has performed the video gaming equivalent of negotiating with terrorists , ensuring that developers are now forever doomed to have their every decision second-guessed by fickle fans .
The problem is that for this to make any sense , we have to pretend that BioWare 's decision is unique and unprecedented . Which it totally is , if you ignore every other artistic and entertainment genre in the world . Face it , every entertainment art form , particularly literature and film , contains example after example of creators making crucial changes to their work as a direct result of feedback . Charles Dickens is perhaps the Ur example , having rewritten the ending of Great Expectations after their friend Edward Bulwer-Lytton commented that the original was too bleak . You might have noticed that those lamenting the incoming changes to Mass Effect 3 have n't pointed to this as the moment when literature lost its soul .
Of course , the most expensive special effect in a novel is the ink used by the printer . Film , on the other hand , is a much closer analogue , and it is impossible to ignore the fact that countless movies have changed their ending based on audience feedback . The superficial difference is that the changes occur as a result of test screenings , rather than release day reactions . Fatal Attraction , for example , originally ended with Glenn Close 's character commiting suicide and framing Michael Douglas for their ‘ murder ' . Test audiences hated it , so the studio shot a new ending ; and this is by no means a rare occurence . Mysteriously , no one suggests that test audiences are entitled whiners , or ( in the event the film is improved ) that filmmakers have compromised their artistic integrity .
The gaming industry itself has a long history of tweaks subtle and not so subtle , Bethesda 's change to Fallout 3′s ending being perhaps the most famous . Originally , the player choice mechanic was abruptly removed and the player was forced to either commit suicide by radiation sickness , or send someone in to die in their place . This was despite the player having a radiation-immune party member available . After considerable outcry from players , the Broken Steel DLC changed that , allowing the player to use all options they brought with them to the final choice , and to survive for more adventures afterward .
It 's true that while the changes to Fallout 3′s ending were n't as far-reaching as the still-unknown changes to Mass Effect 3′s are likely to be , they were still considerable , and yet the industry has not since suffered a decline of ‘ artistic vision ' . Fancy that ! Well , unless you count the insistance that video games and movies are the same thing .
The Swan & Dolphin hotels are undoubtedly very unique resorts . While they are not owned by the Walt Disney Company , these resorts were built in an excellent location , being just steps away from Disney 's BoardWalk Resort , Disney 's Yacht & Beach Club Resorts , Fantasia Gardens Miniature Golf , as well as two of the world 's busiest theme parks : Epcot and Disney 's Hollywood Studios . These hotels are already very large , but it looks like a new resort may join them in the near future .
The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin hotels are currently operated by Marriott International , Inc. , a company that already operates countless hotels and resort around the world . While the company is already investing money on its existing hotels , it appears that there are plans to build a completely new boutique resort right next to Disney 's Fantasia Gardens Miniature Golf .
were spotted in and around the tennis court area of the Swan & Dolphin hotels , which is located directly across from the miniature golf course . You can see the tennis courts in the scale model below : Not too long ago , some height balloonsin and around the tennis court area of the Swan & Dolphin hotels , which is located directly across from the miniature golf course . You can see the tennis courts in the scale model below :
According to some rumors that we recently heard , a new hotel will replace the tennis courts . While it is expected to be a small building , it will require a reconfiguration of Fantasia Garden 's existing parking lot , which will be expanded by taking up some backstage areas located behind the Dancing Hippo and Sorcerer 's Apprentice pavilions .
The project will impact the Fairways course at Disney 's Fantasia Gardens , but changes should be minor . The first hole could be reconfigured to make way for a new pathway and a new storage space will be created ( that will be necessary to make up for the storage space that will be lost due to the parking lot expansion ) :
Here 's an aerial view of the location showing the area where the new resort should be built ( from Google Maps ) :
BEVO BEAT Football This tweet from an Oklahoma assistant coach has Texas fans riled up Posted May 10th , 2017
Advertisement
There 's still five months until Texas and Oklahoma kick off on the field , but the rivalry is getting fierce on the recruiting trail .
Over the past month , the Longhorns have picked up commitments from two four-star quarterbacks with strong Oklahoma ties and a four-star defensive end from north of the Red River . Tom Herman is making it clear he 's not afraid to go head-to-head with the Sooners , whether it 's on the field or in recruiting .
RELATED : Tom Herman , Texas flexing muscle on the 2018 recruiting trail
Advertisement
That approach appears to have ruffled some feathers in Norman , and understandably so . If Longhorns and Sooners have one thing in common , it 's that they do n't take kindly to losing .
Which is where this tweet from Oklahoma defensive backs coach Kerry Cooks comes in . On Monday evening , Cooks posted a picture of a proverbial wolf in sheep 's clothing , with the message “ Young ones beware “ real recognize real ” lots of false prophets lurking . ”
Young ones beware `` real recognize real '' lots of false prophets lurking 🤥🤥🤥🤥🤥 pic.twitter.com/8iyy5rvHTE — Kerry Cooks ( @ CoachKerryCooks ) May 9 , 2017
Note that Cooks did n't mention any schools or coaches by name , but you can imagine the reaction the tweet received once it started circulating .
Here 's a quick sampling :
Lot of people texting us today @ am1300thezone wondering who this tweet from # OU asst coach is directed at ? # RedRiverShootout ? https : //t.co/H1B0xVMWWi — Chip Brown ( @ ChipBrown247 ) May 10 , 2017
Reminds me of that guy at the bar who tells women `` do n't talk to that dude '' instead of improving their game so they do n't go home solo again https : //t.co/2fcNeaviPv — Anwar Richardson ( @ AnwarRichardson ) May 10 , 2017
Riiight . Getting out-recruited . So the opposition must be lying and cheating . This is low , even for ou , let alone a coach from ou . — greenmile82 ( @ jcoff316 ) May 10 , 2017
Wait is your profile pic a pack of wolves ? — TeddyG ( @ TedGilkey ) May 10 , 2017
So , yeah . Recruiting remains as dramatic as middle school , Twitter is even worse , and memes are hilarious . If this is how the rivalry looks in May , we ca n't wait until October .
News on Bevo Beat is free and unlimited . Access to the rest of Hookem.com is included with an Austin American-Statesman subscription in addition to Statesman.com and the ePaper edition . Subscribe today at statesman.com/subscribe .
A cul-de-sac in Austin , Texas
Coutesy of The Muuj via Flickr
Award-winning Canadian journalist Charles Montgomery 's fascinating new book Happy City : Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design examines how lessons from psychology , neuroscience , and design can help us fix broken cities and improve our quality of life in an increasingly urban-centered world . Here at the Eye , Montgomery shares an excerpt from the book .
Award-winning Canadian journalist Charles Montgomery 's fascinating new book Happy City : Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design examines how lessons from psychology , neuroscience and design activism can help us fix broken cities and improve our quality of life in an increasingly urban-centered world . Here at the Eye , Montgomery shares an excerpt from the book . Of every 100 American commuters , five take public transit , three walks , and only one rides a bicycle to work or school . If walking and cycling are so pleasurable , why do n't more people choose to cycle or walk to work ? Why do most people fail to walk even the 10,000 daily steps needed to stay healthy ? Why do we avoid public transit ?
Of every 100 American commuters , five take public transit , three walks , and only one rides a bicycle to work or school . If walking and cycling are so pleasurable , why do n't more people choose to cycle or walk to work ? Why do most people fail to walk even the 10,000 daily steps needed to stay healthy ? Why do we avoid public transit ?
I was naive enough to ask that question of a fellow diner I met in the food court of the bunkerlike Peachtree Center in downtown Atlanta . Them name was Lucy . They had driven their car in that morning from Clayton County ( a freeway journey of about 15 miles ) , pulled into a parking deck , followed a skyway a few dozen paces to an elevator , and then a few more to their desk . Trip time : about half an hour . Total footsteps : maybe 300 . They flashed me a broad smile .
“ Honey , we do n't walk in Atlanta , ” Lucy told me . “ We all drive here . I ca n't say why . I guess we 're just lazy . ”
Lazy ? The theory does n't stand up . Lucy 's own commute was proof . They could not have made it to work any other way . Suburban Clayton County suspended bus service in 2010 . ( The service had carried 2 million riders in 2009 before it was shut down . )
Nobody walks in Atlanta .
Courtesy of Steve Hardy via Flickr
No , the answer to the mobility conundrum lies in the intersection between psychology and design . We are pushed and pulled according to the systems in which we find ourselves , and certain geometries ensure that none of us are as free as we might think .
Consider Atlanta . The average working adult in Atlanta 's suburbs now drives 44 miles a day . ( That 's 72 minutes a day behind the wheel , just getting to work and back . ) Ninety-four percent of Atlantans commute by car . They spend more on gas than anyone else in the country . In a study of more than 8,000 households , investigators from the Georgia Institute of Technology led by Lawrence Frank discovered that people 's environments were shaping their travel behavior and their bodies . They could actually predict how fat people were by where they lived in the city .
Frank found that a white male living in Midtown , a lively district near Atlanta 's downtown , was likely to weigh 10 pounds less than their identical twin living out in a place like , say , Mableton , in the cul-de-sac archipelago that surrounds Atlanta , simply because the Midtowner would be twice as likely to get enough exercise every day .
Here 's how their neighborhoods engineer their travel behavior :
Midtown was laid out long before the dispersalists got their hands on the city . It exhibits the convenient geometry of the streetcar neighborhood even though its streetcars disappeared in 1949 . Housing , offices , and retail space are all sprinkled relatively close together on a latticelike street grid . A quart of milk or a bar or a downtown-bound bus are never more than a few blocks away . It is easy for people to walk to shops , services , or MARTA , the city 's limited rapid transit system , so that 's what they do .
But in suburbs like Mableton , residential lots are huge , roads are wide and meandering , and stores are typically concentrated in faraway shopping plazas surrounded by parking lots . Six out of every 10 Atlantans told Frank 's team that they could n't walk to nearby shops and services or to a public bus stop . Road geometry was partly to blame . Frank and others have found that that iconic suburban innovation—the cul-de-sac—has become part of a backfiring behavioral system .
When designers try to maximize the number of cul-de-sacs in an area , they create a dendritic—or treelike—system of roads that feeds all their traffic into a few main branches . The system makes just about every destination farther away because it eliminates the most direct routes between them . Connectivity counts : More intersections mean more walking , and more disconnected cul-de-sacs mean more driving . People who live in neighborhoods with latticeworklike streets actually drive 26 percent fewer miles than people in the cul-de-sac forest .
The diagram below helps illustrate how a white male living in Midtown ( left ) , near Atlanta 's downtown , is likely to weigh 10 pounds less than their identical twin living near Mableton ( right ) , a sprawling suburb . This is partly owing to road geometry and land-use mix : a 10-minute walk from a home amid the traditional grid in Midtown will get you to grocery stores , schools , bus stops , cafés , a bank , and the glorious lawns of Piedmont Park . But the spread-out and homogeneous system of Mableton pushes destinations beyond walking range , which means residents are likely to drive whether they like driving or not . ( Each bullet represents a school , church , grocery store , dry cleaner , bank , day-care center , police station , transit stop , or hospital . If restaurants , cafés , bars , and other services were included , the Mableton map would not change , but the Midtown map would be sprayed with dozens more bullets . )
How street shapes can affect our own shapes
Courtesy of Erick Villagomez , Metis Design Build
Our responses to distance are quite predictable . Most of us will walk to a corner store rather than climb in and out of the car if it 's less than a five-minute walk—about a quarter mile—away . We wo n't walk more than five minutes to a bus stop , but we will walk 10 to a light-rail or subway station , partly because most of us perceive rail service to be faster , more predictable , and more comfortable . This is the geometry perfected by streetcar city developers a century ago . It 's now being rediscovered by planners who find that simply introducing regular high-quality light-rail service can alter the habits—and the health—of people nearby . Less than a year after the LYNX commuter light-rail line was installed in Charlotte , N.C. , people living near the line had started walking an extra 1.2 miles every day because the system changed their daily calculus . People who switched to the LYNX for their commute lost an average of 6½ pounds during that time .
Kids move by a similar calculus . Frank found that if there is a park or some kind of store within a half mile of their home , school-age youth are more than twice as likely to walk . If destinations are farther , they wait for a parental chauffeur . Think of the implications : a community with one central mega-sports complex with several baseball diamonds and soccer fields can actually be bad for children 's health if it replaces small parks scattered every few blocks . In the finer-grained community , instead of begging Mom for a ride to a league game , a teenager might find it easier to organize their own game at the local park .
“ The way we organize most cities actually encourages individuals to make choices that make everyone 's life harder , ” Frank told me . “ The system fails because it promises rewards for irrational behavior . ”
Put simply , most people do not walk in American cities because cities have designed destinations out of reach . But they have also corroded the experience of walking . Road engineers have not even bothered to build sidewalks in many Atlanta suburbs . Try a Google search for directions near , say , Somerset Road in Mableton , and the map engine will offer a warning you would not expect in a first-world city : “ Use caution—This route may be missing sidewalks or pedestrian paths . ”
Aesthetics matter . We walk farther when streets feel safe and interesting . People who live in central New York or London typically walk between a third to a half mile to go shopping . That 's a four- to 10-minute stroll . Even in Montreal , with its freezing winters and sweat-soaked summers , people reported walking about a third of a mile ( six to eight minutes ) between shops , bags in tow . The numbers are almost as high for people arriving at enclosed shopping malls , which mimic the downtown experience , at least once you 're in the building . But dump us in a vast parking lot surrounded by big-box outlets , and our inclination to walk evaporates . Even when people are equipped with shopping carts , they wo n't endure so much as the three-minute stroll between retailers . Researchers observed that a third of the shoppers at one Canadian power center ( the north-of-the-border term for a big shopping outlet ) actually parked their cars three or more times during one visit . They just hated trudging across the asphalt desert . It felt ugly , uncomfortable , and unsafe .
You might speculate that these studies merely demonstrate the city 's power to sort people by their preferences : Maybe Manhattanites walk because they are walkers , while Atlanta 's big-lot suburbanites and Canada 's power-center pilgrims drive because they prefer the air-conditioned comfort and storage capacity of the family minivan . In other words , just because urban designs correlate with travel behavior , it does n't mean they cause it .
This view is partly true . People do self-sort in cities . In Atlanta , for example , Frank found that people who said they preferred to live in car-dependent neighborhoods tended to drive pretty much everywhere , no matter where they lived . Not surprisingly , people who both liked and lived in lively , walkable places drove less and walked more . But the suburbs were full of people who wished they could walk places but could n't . Nearly a third of people living in Atlanta 's car-dependent sprawl wished they lived in a walkable neighborhood , but they were mostly out of luck because Atlanta had gone nearly half a century without building such places .
Atlantic Station in Atlanta
Courtesy of Chris Yunker via Flickr
When Atlanta builds differently , people do change their movements . Proof sits on the edge of a tangled freeway interchange three miles north of the city center , where the 138-acre site of a former steel mill has been redeveloped into a dense mix of offices , apartments , retail stores , small parks , and theaters . Despite the fact that much of Atlantic Station , as it is known , sits atop a three-level parking garage , people who have moved there since 2005 have shaved a third of the miles off their driving . Instead , they walk , because some of their destinations have suddenly fallen within the range of a pleasant sidewalk stroll .
Excerpted from Happy City : Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design by Charles Montgomery , published in November 2013 by Farrar , Straus and Giroux , LLC . Copyright © 2013 by Charles Montgomery . All rights reserved .
HOUSTON , TX — Twenty-three members and associates of the Southwest Cholos ( SWC ) gang are facing trial for their part in allegedly smuggling illegal alien women and girls into the country to force them into sex trafficking . The indictment states that one of the girls was 14 when forced into prostitution .
These young women and girls were promised jobs in restaurants but were forced to work as prostitutes through use of force , fraud , and coercion , according to a federal indictment . The defendants tattooed their names or nicknames on the victims “ to identify them as their property and demonstrate control over them , ” a statement from federal officials said . Some of those smuggled paid up to $ 40,000 to be brought into the country illegally .
The SWC gang members divided a portion of the illegal sex proceeds among other gang members and associates , officials stated .
Prosecutors claim one of the SWC centers of operation is reported to be at the Carriage Way Apartment Complex on Dashwood in Houston near Bellaire , Texas . This complex also served as an SWC base of operations for drug and firearms trafficking . Other brothels were in apartments in Mexico .
The stash houses used as interim waypoints were in Cameron , Hidalgo , Starr , and Webb Counties , the indictment reveals .
According to the indictment , the SWC gang members and associates are also accused in conspiracy counts of drug trafficking of heroin and methamphetamines , selling illegal and stolen weapons , making false statements , illegal re-entry , and aggravated identity theft .
The alleged ringleaders in the criminal enterprise conduct include Freddy Montes , aka “ King Mono , ” Giovani Alexander Alecio , aka “ Whiteboy , ” and Maria Angelica Moreno-Reyna , aka “ Patty. ” According to the indictment , King Mono is one of Patty 's sons . Patty 's husband , Erik Ivan Alvarez-Chavez , and four other sons are accused of being SWC leaders and members .
A press notification from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of Texas says that nine of those indicted are still at large . The public notice says that Bianca Stephanie Reyna aka “ Troubles ” ( 20 ) , Claudia Jackely Soriano-Hernandez ( 26 ) , and Juan Carlos Contreras-Cervantes ( 25 ) are all from Houston .
The FBI in Houston tweeted that these individuals are wanted for sex and drug trafficking , selling firearms , human smuggling , and identity theft :
These alleged gang members & associates are wanted for sex & drug trafficking , selling firearms , human smuggling & ID theft 713-693-5000 pic.twitter.com/5gYo19CeiL — FBI Houston ( @ FBIHouston ) November 9 , 2017
Those who are thought to originally be from Houston but have fled to Mexico are Raul Moreno-Reyna aka “ Coney ” ( 53 ) , William Alberto Lopez ( 27 ) , Anadalit Duarte aka “ Paola ” ( 25 ) , and Walter Alberto Lopez ( 26 ) . Israel Juarez Sifuentes ( 43 ) and Melissa Bazan Dominguez aka “ Missy ” ( 50 ) are considered fugitives , and there are outstanding warrants for their arrests . Anyone with information about their whereabouts is asked to contact the FBI Houston field office at 713-693-5000 .
Defendants Jose Ruben Palomo-Martinez , Victor Javiel Gonzalez , Gabriela Gonzalez-Flores , and Jimmy Mejia Chavez are set for jury trials on December 26 .
U.S. District Judge Gray H. Miller is presiding over these cases .
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . They are a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow them on Twitter @ BobPriceBBTX , GAB , and Facebook .
According to many a world soccer expert this morning Jurgen Klopp has taken Borussia Dortmund as far as they can , and it 's time that they jumped ship to a real club in a real league , a club such as , say , Arsenal in a league such as , oh I dunno , the Premier League .
Excuse me while I wretch .
Such arrogance is rampant of course , after all every coach and player one day aspires to play in the big bad Prem , right ? What I find so galling is that if these so-called experts really sat down and thought about the situation , they would write something quite contrary . Because , in fact , Klopp is at the perfect club .
The German 's accomplishments at Dortmund since 2008 dwarf the accomplishments of any Premier League manager not called Sir Alex Ferguson : Two Bundesliga titles , a German Cup , a Super-Cup , two managers of the year awards and a Champions League final . Not bad .
They have brought this club back the success it deserves after a trying period in financial purgatory , and has rebuilt after every season as star after star is scooped by one of Europe 's glitzy monied elite . That will happen this off-season as Robert Lewandowski departs to join former teammate Mario Goetze at Bayern Munich .
Klopp enjoys it all , that much is obvious . Here is a man who welcomes challenge , and with such charisma can go eye-to-eye with the big boys and tell them that their team is coming for them , no matter who they lure away from their stable of talent .
On Tuesday their team was considered dead , down 3-0 to Real Madrid entering the second leg of their Champions League quarterfinal . But from somewhere Dortmund yet again reached deep and ran riot over the team many ( including myself ) proclaimed as the ones to beat this season . Dortmund may have come up short over the two legs , but what an inspiring performance from one of the most watchable teams in world footy .
One day Jurgen Klopp may well be lured to an uber-rich club , and if so he 'll be extremely successful . But to patronise him , their club and the German Bundesliga by stating he 's gone as far as they can , might be just enough motivation for them to remain at Dortmund a little longer .
It is a shame that Saturday 's match with Bayern Munich means so little ( Bayern locked up the title weeks ago ) because that would be a match to suit this team beautifully .
NOTE : This weekend English football will mark the 25th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster . On April 15th , 1989 , 96 Liverpool fans died in a tragedy that would fundamentally change the game as we know it . As new inquests into those deaths begin , this weekend is a time to reflect and remember . Liverpool FC is honouring the memory of those fans in some style this season , welcoming Manchester City to Anfield for a tilt that may well define the title race . It will be an emotional weekend , but as we have seen in recent years , the game will elevate both reams and even those clubs with a deep-rooted rivalry with Liverpool will do themselves and the sport proud . It will be sad , but we will be very proud of our game .
JFT96 .
ATLANTA — Air traffic delays are more than just annoying : On average , they probably cost the U.S. economy more than hurricanes do .
Most media reports focus on extended delays that leave passengers stranded in airports for days or trapped on the tarmac for hours , said Bob Maxson , director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Aviation Weather Center in Kansas City , Mo . But the vast majority of delays are relatively minor and stem from localized weather events such as heavy rain , limited visibility or strong crosswinds , they reported January 19 at the annual meeting of the American Meteorological Society . These small delays nevertheless add up to big costs , they note .
From January 2004 through December 2008 , about 78 percent of all airline flights in the United States were on time , Maxson said . Greg Forbes , a meteorologist at The Weather Channel in Atlanta , reported at the same meeting that more than 5 million flights took to the air in the United States in 2009 , but only 0.08 percent of them experienced delays of more than two hours .
Episodes of bad weather , particularly thunderstorms , are the most common cause of air traffic delays , Maxson said . And all airspace is not created equal , they note : Large swaths of the Midwest can be covered with fierce thunderstorms that have little effect on air traffic , but one small cluster of storms in just the wrong place — the approach path for flights into high-traffic airports in Newark , N.J. , or New York City , for example — can trigger delays affecting an immense number of passengers . In an air traffic system that operates near capacity , any delays in one region tend to spread like ripples and trigger delays elsewhere .
Forbes agreed : “ It does n't take severe weather to disrupt air traffic . ”
A 2008 analysis by the Joint Economic Committee of the U.S. Congress suggested that domestic air traffic delays in 2007 alone cost the economy as much as $ 41 billion , including $ 19 billion in increased operational costs for the airlines and $ 12 billion worth of lost time for passengers .
Those figures are likely to be overestimates , Maxson said . But even if the economic costs of air traffic delays are only $ 15 billion per year , for the years 2000 through 2008 those costs still would have added up to more economic damage than the hurricanes that struck the United States during that same interval , Maxson said . While storm damage was about $ 131 billion during that nine-year period — including damages exceeding $ 90 billion in 2005 , the year of Katrina and Rita , and the nearly $ 20 billion burden caused by the four hurricanes that raked across Florida the previous year — air traffic delays would have cost the economy about $ 135 billion , Maxson estimates .
Image : Simulated 2006 air traffic over the United States at 10:41 a.m. PST./NASA
See Also :
TORONTO and MONTREAL • The increasingly bitter legal fight between Osisko Mining Corp. and Goldcorp Inc. centres on a deal for which there is no documentation : a gentlemen 's agreement .
According to Osisko , Goldcorp did not honour this arrangement between the two companies , which was reached at the start of a crucial meeting in Calgary last October . And that was the catalyst for a hostile bid that it believes is illegal .
The allegations appear in a statement of claim and affidavit that Montreal-based Osisko filed in the Quebec Superior Court this week to try to block the $ 2.6-billion hostile offer from Goldcorp . It provides details on why Osisko thinks Goldcorp misused confidential information when it made the offer .
The two miners have a history of on-and-off merger negotiations dating back to 2008 , but the talks leading up to this bid began in late 2012 , when they signed a confidentiality agreement .
Negotiations continued in 2013 , and on Oct. 21 , they held a critical meeting in Calgary in which Osisko provided a detailed review of its Quebec-based Canadian Malartic mine .
According to an affidavit from Osisko chief financial officer Bryan Coates , the company planned to reveal a lot of private data in that meeting . But a standstill agreement between the two firms was expired at that point , meaning Goldcorp was free to make a hostile bid .
Osisko was concerned about handing over confidential data that could be used against it in a hostile offer . So at the start of the meeting , it asked Goldcorp to extend the standstill to June 30 of this year . Mr. Coates said Goldcorp accepted the verbal agreement .
Four Goldcorp executives were at the meeting , along with two from Osisko . ( There was also one outside consultant , acting for Goldcorp ) . According to Mr. Coates , Osisko revealed to Goldcorp that it expected to receive permits to use land adjacent to the Canadian Malartic mine . That was confidential information and very important , since it meant Osisko 's reserves and production could increase .
“ It was additional strategic and competitive information that helped Goldcorp prepare its hostile offer , ” Mr. Coates said in their affidavit .
They said that Osisko assumed the extension to the standstill would work under the same terms as the existing confidentiality agreement . But then Goldcorp drafted amendments that made the standstill conditional on Osisko providing even more documents .
“ Osisko would never have [ participated ] in the Calgary meeting and would not have shared , as exhaustively as it did , its confidential information at that meeting had it known that Goldcorp did not have the intention to honour its commitment to extend the standstill protections … in similar ways to that of the confidentiality agreement in effect at the time , ” Mr. Coates said .
They added that Goldcorp appeared to start planning its bid right after the Calgary meeting , as it wanted to move ahead while it still had an “ informational advantage ” over shareholders and other gold companies .
The $ 2.6-billion hostile offer was finally announced Jan. 13 .
Osisko believes the bid is illegal because several key players involved in it had access to this confidential information , which they were not permitted to act on .
Even though the standstill was no longer in place by January , Goldcorp had to use a “ non-contaminated ” team of people ( who did not have the data ) to mount the bid , according to Osisko . Otherwise , it violates the terms of the confidentiality agreement between the companies , which remains in effect ( only the standstill portion is expired ) .
Most notably , Osisko claims that Goldcorp wrongly shared the confidential data with the Bank of Nova Scotia , which is one of the key players in this hostile offer . The bank is lending Goldcorp US $ 1.25-billion for the bid and is also acting as its financial advisor .
Lawyers for both companies appeared in court on Friday before Judge Louis Gouin to argue the case .
Goldcorp 's lawyers claimed they had just received the lawsuit and needed more time to review it .
The judge took some time to discuss the details of the case . They were clearly disturbed by some of Osisko 's allegations , but acknowledged that they have not yet heard Goldcorp 's side of the story .
“ This meeting in Calgary is what bothers me the most , ” they said in French . “ There 's something that troubles me about that meeting . You get the impression that there were a gentlemen 's agreement . ”
With files from Drew Hasselback
In the wake of state and federal decisions on the side of same-sex couples , the Illinois Family Institute is desperate to find examples of Christians ' rights being taken away ( as if civil rights are a zero-sum game ) .
Of course they ca n't find any legitimate examples of that . So here 's what they 're doing : They 're arguing that Christian business owners are being targeted for their beliefs by gay bullies .
Here 's IFI 's Executive Director David Smith :
What can not be dismissed , however , is that time and again homosexual activists have proven through their actions that the redefinition of marriage is n't their only goal , but rather government enforced acceptance and celebration of the LGBT lifestyle . Here are just a few portents that should n't be ignored : Washington State is suing a Christian florist who declined to provide floral arrangements for a homosexual “ wedding ” ceremony . The state is threatening thousands of dollars in fines and a requirement that the elderly florist provide floral arrangements to any homosexual couple that seeks their services . ( Read more HERE The Christian owners of an Oregon bakery were contacted by the Oregon Department of Justice and told that they are being investigated because of a discrimination complaint that followed their refusal to violate their beliefs by providing a wedding cake for a lesbian “ wedding ” ceremony . ( Read more HERE
were contacted by the Oregon Department of Justice and told that they are being investigated because of a discrimination complaint that followed . ( Read a more Christian owner of a bed and breakfast in Hawaii has been ordered to provide a room to any same-sex couple that wants to stay there , thus violating their religious convictions . ( Read more HERE And in Albuquerque , New Mexico , the owner of Elane Photography declined to provide their skills and services for a lesbian commitment , explaining that doing so would violate their conscience as a Christian . As a result of a complaint being filed with the New Mexico Human Rights Commission , a fine of $ 6,600 was issued against this small business for discrimination based on “ sexual orientation. ” This case is pending a hearing before the New Mexico Supreme Court . ( Read more HERE
In short , all Smith can find are instances where gay couples were hoping to be treated the same way straight couples are . And he 's taking the side of Christians who wanted to delegate the gay couples to second-class status because of their sexual orientation .
You expect to see that sort of bigotry within the walls of a church — and the actions would be legal in a church setting — but these states have made clear that public businesses do n't get to deny their services to people who are black or Muslim or atheist or female or handicapped — or gay . Your “ conscience ” be damned . Just as you ca n't hang a “ No Jews Allowed ” sign in front of your public floral business , you ca n't tell gay couples you 're not going to bake a cake for their ceremony when you offer the same services to everybody else .
Remember : These kinds of Christians have no problem making cakes for people who 've had a baby out of wedlock , are in the process of getting divorced , or happen to be Pagans . It 's not like they pay attention to their “ conscience ” on other issues .
Imagine if the roles were flipped : Catholic parents go to a bakery in Boystown to get a cake to celebrate their baby 's baptism… and the owners say no . Does anyone really believe Smith would let it slide and encourage the couple to just visit another bakery ? Of course not . He 'd be among the first to cry foul .
Smith ends their piece with this warning :
While it is important that we stand up to defend the institution of marriage , it is vital that we understand that the [ gay ] agenda is far more insidious and far-reaching than many realize . Once you understand how far they want to take this agenda , it is unconscionable to sit on the sidelines .
Ah , yes… the “ insidious ” agenda of wanted to be treated fairly . HOW DARE THOSE GAY MONSTERS ? !
These are n't cases of anti-Christian persecution . They 're examples of Christians trying to get out of doing the right thing on account of their faith , which apparently teaches them to be assholes .
The Christians just have gay-shaped holes in their hearts .
Maybe Jesus can fix them .
( Image via Shutterstock )
Even in the dark abyss of the deep ocean animal communities can undergo rapid , widespread and radical changes . Scientists at the National Oceanography Centre are at the forefront of monitoring these changes and understanding the mechanisms responsible . Their latest research is published in a special issue of the journal Deep Sea Research II .
We often think of the deep ocean floor as stable , relatively unvarying environment untroubled by surface climate conditions . But long-term monitoring has shown that animal communities living at great depth on the seafloor can change radically over remarkably short periods , and that these events are ultimately driven by climate .
Such faunal changes are exemplified by the 'Amperima Event ' - the sudden mass occurrence of the sea cucumber ( holothurian ) Amperima rosea recorded on the Porcupine Abyssal Plain ( PAP ) situated off the southwest coast of Ireland in the northeast Atlantic . Communities of animals living on the seabed there at depths of nearly 5000 metres have been monitored from 1989 to the present day .
A major change occurred in the PAP community between 1996 and 1999 involving a number of animal groups , including sea anemones , segmented worms , sea spiders , sea squirts , brittle stars , and sea cucumbers , all of which increased in abundance .
However , the population explosion in the sea cucumber Amperima rosea ( hereafter Amperima ) was particularly striking - thus the 'Amperima Event ' . Before 1996 the sea cucumber was found in only ones or twos . They were very rare . But by 1999 , the sea cucumber reached such high densities that if you were able to walk on the deep seafloor , you would have difficulty in avoiding squashing them flat .
Dr David Billet and their colleagues showed that the increase abundance and dominance of Amperima occurred over a very wide area , greater than the size of the UK . Changes are also apparent in the abundance of other animals living in the seabed , including the single-celled creatures inhabiting the sediments . The whole deep-sea world had been turned on its head .
`` What this strongly suggested , '' says Dr Billett , `` is that the 'Amperima Event ' did not simply reflect localised , chance changes in the abundances of one or two species . Instead , changes in the whole deep-sea animal community were driven by environmental factors . ''
The animals living on the deep seafloor feed on organic matter in the form of phytodetritus - the remains of tiny marine plants that once lived in the sunlit surface layer - and which fall down through the water column and settle on the seabed . It seemed possible that an increase in the amount of this 'marine snow ' might have driven the 'Amperima Event ' .
From sediment trap measurements , a team led by Professor Richard Lampitt of the National Oceanography Centre has subsequently shown that variations in the supply of organic matter to the PAP can vary greatly between years . Indeed , a second sudden mass occurrence of Amperima in 2001 - a possible second 'Amperima Event ' - may have been due to increased food availability .
Food quality may also be important . Dr Denise Smythe-Wright , also of the National Oceanography Centre and their colleagues have shown that the composition and potential nutrient quality of organic matter exported from the surface ocean depend on the species composition of the ocean phytoplankton community . This could favour the reproduction , recruitment and competitive ability of particular species .
For example , Amperima has a different requirement for certain carotenoid pigments than other species of sea cucumber . Carotenoids in shallow water are known to improve egg production and improve the chances of larvae in developing into juveniles . Carotenoids are used as feed in aquaculture to improve yields . In the food-limited deep sea , changes in the quantity and quality of the downward flux of carotenoids with season and year may change the egg production in certain species allowing the rapid colonisation of large areas of the seafloor when the conditions are right .
`` Whether it is the quality or the quality of the organic matter , or both , that matter , '' says Dr Billett , `` it appears that changes in the density of animals such as Amperima are related to phytoplankton productivity in the overlying surface waters , which is affected by climate change . ''
`` Moreover , '' they say , `` we know from the fossil record that deep-sea animal communities change over geological timescales . Knowing how species density and dominance change in relation to environmental variables in the present will help in interpreting the geological record and will allow predictions of how deep-sea fauna might alter in relation to climate change . ''
GoDaddy 's support -- and subsequent withdrawal of support -- of an anti-piracy bill has been controversial and befuddling . The company is now facing allegations of aiding and abetting trademark infringement , and the group behind the Oscars seeks to depose GoDaddy chairperson Bob Parsons .
In recent weeks , GoDaddy has had a huge target on its back . The Internet domain name registration giant broke ranks with many in the tech community by supporting the Stop Online Piracy Act ( SOPA ) . That led to a boycott against GoDaddy organized by social community site Reddit , which contributed to more than 70,000 of GoDaddy 's customers taking their business elsewhere .
Facing a massive backlash , GoDaddy withdrew its SOPA support , but few were impressed with the company 's half-hearted about-face – especially upon reports that GoDaddy was unfairly attempting to impede those customers who wished to move away .
Meanwhile , as all of this has been happening , GoDaddy has been engaged in a bare-knuckled litigation fight with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , which puts on the Oscars each year . In May 2010 , AMPAS sued GoDaddy , accusing it of facilitating trademark infringement from unscrupulous cybersquatters . The case has survived two motions to dismiss , and on Tuesday AMPAS told a court why GoDaddy 's controversial founder Bob Parsons should submit to a seven-hour deposition that explains the company 's various policies .
In the lawsuit , AMPAS takes issue with GoDaddy 's “ CashParking ” program that allows users to buy a domain , `` park '' the page and collect a portion of revenue from GoDaddy 's advertising partners on a pay-per-click basis . AMPAS alleges that the program has been used to register hundreds of websites such as 2011oscars.com , academyawardz.com , and betacademyawards.com .
PHOTOS : 2011 's Hollywood By the Numbers : THR Year in Review
Last December , U.S. District Court Judge Audrey Collins refused to dismiss the lawsuit , finding that AMPAS had pled facts sufficient to show standing .
Specifically , the judge allowed the plaintiff to go ahead with its claims that GoDaddy 's “ illegal activities result in advertising related to the Academy 's marks being placed on numerous parked pages that have actual relationship to the Academy , thereby causing dilution of Plaintiff 's interest in legally protected trademarks . ”
PHOTOS : Hollywood 's Great Duels of 2011
GoDaddy now has to contend with allegations that it aids and abets massive trademark infringement . Not only on this case , but on others as well , such as a $ 100 million lawsuit over an unauthorized Michael Jackson online casino .
In light of this , the fact that GoDaddy had previously spoken up in support of SOPA was curious . In a statement delivered last month to the House judiciary committee considering the legislation , GoDaddy explained why the Digital Millennium Copyright Act was not enough to deter piracy . The first reason given ? “ Although we believe that the DMCA works well in some contexts , its remedies are limited in that it does not include mechanisms for addressing trademark infringement… ”
What explains the company 's mixed messages ?
A number of theories abound , but one gaining steam chalks it up to the eccentricities of founder Bob Parsons , who recently stepped down as CEO but is staying on with the growing company as executive chairperson of the board .
In a blog post for SF Weekly on Tuesday , Dan Mitchell targets Parsons for the company 's confounding behavior , from sophomoric Super Bowl commercials and arbitrarily yanking sites from the Internet to phantom IPOs and making it difficult for people to transfer their domains .
In its move on Tuesday to get Parsons to testify in the ongoing litigation , AMPAS makes the same point .
“ Bob Parsons is not your typical CEO , who relies upon their executives to manage a publicly listed company , ” says AMPAS ' legal brief . The Academy reports that GoDaddy has been attempting to “ hamstring ” its discovery by refusing to turn over various documents and says that depositions with many of the company 's top executives have been frustrating . Many of them reportedly ca n't explain why the company makes the moves it does .
So in advance of a February cut-off date for discovery , AMPAS wishes to depose Parsons , whose “ fingerprints are all over GoDaddy 's domain name monetization programs , ” according to the brief .
And in the process , perhaps get some answers about why Parsons has seemingly been two-faced on the piracy front .
One example given is a post that Parsons wrote for their personal blog . In it , Parsons takes issue with the practice known as “ kiting , ” where registrars take advantage of a 5-day grace period to put up mini-Web sites loaded with search engine bait . Later , on their blog , Parsons discussed a trademark lawsuit against Dotster – “ a registrar who has n't exactly been a stranger to domain kiting , ” they said – for registering many misspellings of trademarked names , and associating them with search engine pages .
“ This is exactly AMPAS 's complaint in this case , ” says the plaintiff . “ That its marks are famous and well-known ; that GoDaddy monetizes domain names incorporating AMPAS 's trademarks – having received 60 cease/desist letters from AMPAS – yet continues to park domain names incorporating AMPAS 's marks . ”
If there 's one thing that both supporters and critics might be able to agree upon , it 's that GoDaddy is truly befuddling . Can Parson provide some insight here ? A decision whether he 'll have to testify should come soon .
E-mail : eriqgardner @ yahoo.com
Twitter : @ eriqgardner
OTTAWA — Federal proposals on how to make the government more open are being kept secret .
The Treasury Board Secretariat has chosen to withhold key memos to minister Scott Brison on reforming the antiquated Access to Information Act .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's government has promised to amend the access law so that federal information is open by default .
But Canadians are n't allowed to see the advice from officials on how to reach that goal .
The Canadian Press used the access law to request recent briefing notes and memos to Brison on possible reforms . However , entire pages were withheld for fear of revealing government advice , consultations or deliberations .
It is “ really troubling ” that the public is denied insight into the process , said Sean Holman , an assistant professor of journalism at Mount Royal University in Calgary .
Some passages in the 17 pages of government records have been declared cabinet confidences , meaning they can not be disclosed .
The fact that a Liberal government is choosing to exercise this particular exemption , I think , says a lot about the overall state of mind within government about freedom of information — and about what the public has a right to know , and what the public does n't have a right to know
But the department could have released the pages containing advice and deliberations , Holman said after reviewing the records , noting the exemption is not a mandatory one that must be applied under the law .
“ The fact that a Liberal government is choosing to exercise this particular exemption , I think , says a lot about the overall state of mind within government about freedom of information — and about what the public has a right to know , and what the public does n't have a right to know , ” Holman said .
“ What would be so wrong in letting the public know about what options are under consideration ? It would simply result in a debate about those options . The government would be better informed about where the public stands on this particular issue . ”
Jean-Luc Ferland , a spokesperson for Brison , said ministers were working to improve the law with a mandate to make information open by default . “ This will require a consultation with parliamentarians , agents and officers of Parliament , and other stakeholders . ”
The pages that were disclosed do confirm that Treasury Board officials see a need to strengthen the right of access .
The Access to Information Act has remained largely unchanged since 1983 and is now out of sync with the digital environment and public expectations , one-page says .
The Liberal government made several access reform commitments during the election campaign , including expansion of the law to cover ministers ' offices and administrative institutions that support Parliament and the courts .
A House of Commons committee is now carrying out a wide-ranging review of the legislation . Information commissioner Suzanne Legault , an ombudsman for users of the law , urged MPs last week to take bold steps on reform .
Holman said nothing prevents the Liberal government from encouraging openness by default while the review is being done .
In fact , they pointed out , the former Progressive Conservative government of Joe Clark did just that in 1979 after its access bill moved to committee . Clark sent a letter to deputy ministers urging them to “ act in the spirit ” of the bill even though it would be some time before it took final shape .
The Clark government fell before the bill could become law , leaving it to Pierre Trudeau 's Liberals to usher in the Access to Information Act .
BJP
Ram Nath Kovind
Tipu Sultan
Karnataka
Ananth Kumar
Wodeyars
What State Legislature wanted President to say
Jawaharlal Nehru
What President actually said
Rajendra Prasad
Jain
Vijayanagara Empire
Bengaluru
What is success to you ? How to be successful in life ?
To some , when they think of success , they imagine wealth ; others want power ; some just want to make a positive impact on the world .
All of these are perfectly valid , indeed success is a concept that means different things to different people . Though no matter what success is to you , it almost certainly is n't something will come easily .
There are countless guides and books to being successful , however , as success is personal and unique to each individual . The advice contained in these books can often not be relevant . Therefore following the advice of a single individual can often be unhelpful .
With this in mind , considering the advice of a great many people , people whose ideas of success were different both to each other , and quite possibly , to you can be a good alternative .
What follows is a list of thirteen of the best pieces of advice from some of the most successful people who have ever lived . If you want to learn how to be successful , these 13 tips are essential :
1.Think big .
From Michelangelo Buonarroti , Great Renaissance Artist :
“ The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short ; but in setting our aim too low , and achieving our mark . ”
There are few artists as influential as Michaelangelo . Today centuries after their death , their work still inspires and connects to people . Their work is world famous , just think of their statue of David , or the Mural in the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican .
Imagine then , if they decided not to work as an artist .
Being a successful artist has always been extremely difficult , imagine if they decided to give up this ambition in favour of something easier ?
Oftentimes , people often decided to put their dreams aside for something more “ realistic ” . To give up their dream for something easier . This quote teaches us the danger of such a point of view .
Instead be ambitious .
2.Find what you love to do and do it .
From Oprah Winfrey , Media Mogul :
“ You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job and not be paid for it . ”
This is a good quote to remember and think about when you 're at work .
Imagine being as successful as possible in your current job . Ultimately you 'll probably find yourself working extremely hard and this it will take up much of your time .
If it 's a job you hate , then being successful at it might only mean filling your life with something you hate to do . What 's the sense in this ?
Instead , why not focus on doing something you love ? When you 've found what you 're passionate about , you get the motivation to keep you moving . Success at this means the fulfilment of your dreams .
Not sure what your passion is yet ? You should learn about this Motivation Engine first .
Even if you 're not successful , you still filled your time with something you love to do . Many successful musicians spent years of their lives doing unpaid performances , the only reason they kept playing was because they loved to perform .
3 . Learn how to balance life .
Advertising
From Phil Knight , CEO of Nike Inc. :
“ There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business , a constant battle between peace and chaos . Neither can be mastered , but both can be influenced . How you go about that is the key to success . ”
All too often , people think that to be successful , they need to make the object of their success their life .
If a person thinks their job will lead them to success , then they may spend countless hours per day , and well into the evening working hard .
However this comes at the cost of rest , your health and having an enjoyable life . Ultimately they may burn out and cease to be successful at their job anyway .
If success comes from having a strong social life and a good group of friends , their job may suffer ; meaning that they may lose their job , and then be unable to afford to go out with friends .
In these ways , success , as Phil Knight says above , is helped by balance . Think of it as a balance between rest and work , or work and play .
To achieve that balance , this Ultimate Guide to Prioritizing Your Work And Life can help you .
4 . Do not be afraid of failure .
From Henry Ford , Founder of Ford Motors :
“ Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again , this time more intelligently . ”
There is a story , it 's unconfirmed whether it actually happened , yet the message within is nonetheless true :
Thomas Edison inventing the lightbulb was the result of several hundred failed attempts . In an interview , they were asked “ How do you feel after all of your failed attempts ? ”
Their response was great , “ I did n't fail , I learned hundreds of ways not to invent the lightbulb ”
They saw each “ failure ” as a lesson . From that lesson they learned what wo n't work , and also might work instead .
Each failed attempt , each rejection , were key steps on their path to success . It is easy to feel like you should give up after a failure . But perhaps in that failure is a lesson .
Pay attention to your failures , study them . Perhaps then you 'll learn how to succeed .
5 . Have an unwavering resolution to succeed .
From Colonel Sanders , Founder of KFC :
“ I made a resolve then that I was going to amount to something if I could . And no hours , nor amount of labor , nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me . And I have done that ever since , and I win by it . I know . ”
This , in many ways relates to the above quote about learning from your failures .
It 's the easiest thing in the world to give up from a failure . The only way to push on is if you have the true burning desire to succeed , to not be moved or dissuaded from your goals .
If you are not truly dedicated towards success , then each failure will hurt more , each set back will slow you down .
Advertising
Success is hard ; without the unwavering desire to succeed , this difficulty may seem insurmountable . With the desire , it is merely an obstacle to go through .
6 . Be a person of action .
From Leonardo da Vinci , Renaissance Genius :
“ It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them . They went out and happened to things . ”
Though it was said hundreds of years ago , it works just as much today as it ever had . It applies to literally any successful person .
Think about it , picture someone like William Shakespeare :
When we think of the time they lived in , we think of the time in a way shaped by him . When we think of Renissance era Italy , we think of Michaelangelo and Leonardo Da Vinci .
Or think about the present day :
Bill Gates or Steve Jobs . Our current way of life would simply be incomparably different if they did n't accomplish what they did .
You 're probably reading this article on a device by a company that they either founded or companies influenced by them .
All these figures were proactive , they saw ways to do things differently and did them . If they let the world shape them , then they 'd simply fit into the background . Instead they shaped the world .
Applying this to you ?
Do n't be afraid of going outside the norm . If you can think of a better way to do something , do it that way . If you fail , try again .
7 . Avoid conflicts .
From Theodore Roosevelt , 26th President of America : “
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success knows how to get along with people . ”
The best leaders and some of the most influential people ( and Theodore Roosevelt is one of the best leaders and one of the most influential people to have lived ) were not those who caused commotions , who fought with people or disregarded people ; but were people who were friendly to those around them .
People liked them . They wanted them to do well .
This is key to good leadership .
It 's logical . If someone likes you , they want to help you ; if you give them a suggestion , they 'll gladly follow through with it .
But if someone does n't like you , they may either refuse to help or actively get in your way .
What 's more , it 's always a good idea to cultivate good relationships . You can never tell who will prove to become someone who 'll be able to help you in a big way , or even be a good and supportive friend .
As such , help people and they may help you ; and be good to people , and they my be good to you .
Advertising
8 . Do n't be afraid of introducing new ideas .
From Mark Twain , Famed Author :
“ A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds . ”
It is an unfortunate truth that those with the boldest ideas are often disregarded .
Most of us are taught from an early age to think and do things similarly to everyone else . This can be great to fill an existing role . But to truly do things differently ( and all successful people did things differently ) , you need to think differently .
If you have a new idea , do n't throw it away because it 's new and different ; instead , celebrate it . Your strange new idea might one day be the one that leads you to success .
9 . Believe in your capacity to succeed .
From Walter Disney , Founder of Walt Disney Company :
“ If you can dream it , you can do it . ”
Success has to be something you can imagine yourself achieving .
It is possible that you will come across those who doubt you and your ability to succeed . You must not become one of these people because the moment you cease believing and dreaming is the moment these dreams fall away .
Keep dreaming !
10 . Always maintain a positive mental attitude .
From Thomas Jefferson , 3rd President of America :
“ Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving their goal ; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude . ”
Like the above quote says , you need to trust in your ability to succeed . This is the only way to cultivate the right mindset .
Replace negative thoughts with the positive ones . You need to approach problems , not as obstacles stopping you , but merely tasks that need to be completed for you to keep going .
If you stay positive and think like this , setbacks wo n't affect you so much , people 's doubts wo n't impact you and even the biggest obstacles will seem like minor problems .
However with the wrong mindset of doubt , you 'll be much easier to stop .
11 . Do n't let discouragement stop you from pressing on .
From Abraham Lincoln , 16th President of America :
“ Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you , and in the end you are sure to succeed . ”
It is an unfortunate fact of human nature — all of us in some way , doubt ourselves . This can be made far worse if others doubt us too .
Advertising
When surrounded by doubts , giving up can actually seem like a good idea .
Do n't pay attention to the doubts . If you are discouraged , ignore it .
If this discouragement moves into your mind and you begin to doubt yourself . It is important to ignore this too .
Take a look at these 5 Ways to Stop Self Doubt in its Tracks .
12 . Be willing to work hard .
From JC Penny , Founder of JC Penney Inc. :
“ Unless you are willing to drench yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average person , you are just not cut out for positions at the top . ”
You might have heard the quote that “ success is 1 % inspiration , 99 % perspiration ” or you may have heard about the 10,000 hours idea .
Whichever way you frame it , they say one thing :
True success comes from work .
You 'll never become successful if you do n't work towards your goal in life and keep working towards it .
Check out this article and you 'll understand Why Hard Work Beats Talent .
13 . Be brave enough to follow your intuition .
From Steve Jobs , Co-founder of Apple Inc. :
“ Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition . They somehow already know what you truly want to become . Everything else is secondary . ”
In ancient Greece , there was a group of Oracles who lived in Delphi . Everyone who needed advice or to know their future visited them , from the poorest of society to kings . Above the doorway of the temple were the words “ know thyself ” .
If you strongly believe and desire something , the chances are that you already have an idea how to get there . If not , you may naturally know what things will help you and what things will slow you down .
It 's like how your body can detect danger even when things seem safe .
Ultimately then , you need to trust your own instincts .
Final thoughts
What you might have noticed is that many of the above lessons are similar — most are about developing the right state of mind . This clearly suggests that the key to achieving success , in whatever you wish , comes down to the way you approach it mentally .
Moreover , no matter what stage of life you 're at now , you can still make a difference and pursue success . You can make resetting your life possible when you do this :
How to Start Over and Reboot Your Life When It Seems Too Late
More Recommended Lifehack Experts in Success
Mandie Holgate — Successful life coach in the UK , helping businesses and individuals achieve greatness — Successful life coach in the UK , helping businesses and individuals achieve greatness
David Carpenter — Lifelong entrepreneur and business owner helping others to realize the American Dream of business ownership — Lifelong entrepreneur and business owner helping others to realize the American Dream of business ownership
Ray Zinn — An inventor , entrepreneur , bestselling author and the longest serving CEO in Silicon Valley — An inventor , entrepreneur , bestselling author and the longest serving CEO in Silicon Valley
Featured photo credit : Ryan Wong via unsplash.com
Warrior Publications . May 23 :
Six Nations : Protesters halt Enbridge pipeline hearing
By JONATHAN SHER , The London Free Press , May 23 , 2012
Native and Occupy protester have brought to a halt a hearing by the National Energy Board that environmentalists feared would bring oilsands oil to Ontario and eventually the United States .
Minutes after the hearing began protesters in the hearing room at the Hilton London began screaming chants with followers repeating the words of a leader .
Board members and Enbridge quickly cleared the room and natives from the Six Nations replaced them at the front of the room to speak out and detail their grievances .
One London-based protester was arrested and put in a police van after not leaving right away when requested . ”
London police say they are planning how to re-gain control so the hearing can continue .
Enbridge , which was to speak first , wants to reverse the flow of oil in a pipeline in London 's backyard so it moves from west to east , from Sarnia to Westover near Hamilton . Whether that 's a boon to Ontario 's economy or a threat to its environment is a matter of fierce debate at the hearing that began Wednesday and was expected to last three days .
Environmentalists point to a rupture two years ago of an Enbridge pipeline in Michigan and say Londoners should be alarmed because the pipeline here crosses under the Thames River just north of the city .
Oil from the oilsands is heavier and more corrosive than lighter crude , environmentalists say , a claim disputed by Enbridge . As for the pipeline break in Michigan , investigators have n't determined a cause , the company says .
Environmentalists also argue Enbridge 's push to reverse the flow of oil near London is just the first step toward moving oil to the U.S. east coast , something they fear would speed extraction and oilsands production and further degrade the global environment .
In a conference call this month with media and analysts for the benefit of investors , Enbridge 's leaders said it might someday renew efforts to get oil to the east coast . Environmentalists have asked the energy board to consider the broader effect of moving oil across Canada and in the U.S. , but the board has repeatedly refused to do so , most recently Friday .
That 's frustrated environmentalists convinced Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservatives want to make Canada a petrostate — more than 40,000 have written the energy board , many from south of the border .
But Enbridge says current market conditions do n't support moving the oil to the U.S. east coast .
Enbridge last week said it would also apply to reverse oil flow as far east as Montreal . The energy board wo n't give a thumbs-up or down on Enbridge 's proposal but will decide on the breadth of the environmental review , said Albert Koehl , a lawyer with Ecojustice representing environmental groups at next week 's hearing .
Further readings : “ Native groups unhappy with pipeline reversal plan ” . Toronto Star .
The best time to see the 2017 Eta Aquarid meteor shower may be in the early morning hours on May 6 . Shown here , a Perseid meteor near Bryce Canyon .
The annual , week-long Eta Aquarid meteor shower is predicted to reach its maximum on Saturday morning ( May 6 ) . The bright moon will be a few days past first quarter ( a waxing gibbous , 81 percent illuminated ) , and it will set just prior to 4 a.m. local daylight time , leaving only about an hour of reasonably dark sky for early morning observations of this shower before the increasingly bright dawn twilight becomes too restrictive .
The Eta Aquarids have a most interesting lineage . Unlike some of the other annual meteor displays whose history can be traced back for many centuries , the Eta Aquarids were not `` officially '' discovered until the late 19th century . In 1870 , while sailing in the Mediterranean Sea , Lt. Col. G.L . Tupman sighted 15 meteors on the morning of April 30 , and another 13 a few mornings later . All the meteors Tupman sighted appeared to emanate from the constellation of Aquarius . Then in 1876 , professor Alexander Stewart Herschel pointed out that the orbit of Halley 's comet nearly coincided with Earth 's orbit around May 4 , and that if we encountered any comet debris capable of producing meteors , those streaks of light would appear to dart from the vicinity of Aquarius . [ Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower 2017 : How to See It ]
Herschel immediately noted that Tupman 's observations were very close to their prediction . In the years that followed , increasing numbers of other astronomers and observers also noted similarities between the orbits of Halley 's comet and the Eta Aquarid stream . In fact , we now know that Halley also gives rise to another noteworthy meteor shower in late October known as the Orionids .
Like other comets , Halley 's is a cosmic litterbug ; about every three-quarters of a century as it sweeps closest to the sun , it leaves a `` river of rubble '' in its wake along its orbit . When the Earth interacts with that rubble river , those comet bits race through our atmosphere at high speeds to produce the effect of `` shooting stars . ''
The material that the comet releases into space on its way in toward the sun produces the October Orionids , while the material that is released after the comet has rounded the sun and is heading back to the outer limits of the solar system produces the Eta Aquarids .
Bright … but few and far between
In their book `` Observe Meteors '' ( Astronomical League , 1986 ) David Levy and Stephen Edberg refer to the Eta Aquarids as `` A May flower . '' They write : `` These meteors appear as fast streaks ( average speed , 41 miles [ per second ] or 66 [ kilometers per second ] ) . The brightest leave long-lasting trains . Since they are on the outbound leg of their orbits , these meteors arrive mainly in daylight ; thus the nighttime observation interval is short and occurs just before dawn . ''
Because these meteors appear to radiate from a position low on the eastern horizon for midnorthern latitudes , watchers in the tropics are best-placed . Under the most favorable conditions , a dozen or more meteors per hour can be seen from the Eta Aquarid swarm . Observers from midnorthern latitudes may only see about half as many .
`` So , '' you might ask , `` What 's the point of getting up before dawn to watch ? '' The answer is that you might still see something spectacular . [ Halley 's Comet Legacy : Photos of Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower ]
Skimming the atmosphere
For most , perhaps the best hope for seeing the Eta Aquarids is if you chanced to catch a glimpse of a meteor as it grazed our atmosphere horizontally — much the same way as a flat rock can be made to skim across the top of a lake or pond .
Assiduous meteor observers refer to such meteors as `` Earthgrazers , '' and they have a propensity to produce rather colorful and long-lasting trails . Such meteors produce unusually long paths and more often than not appear rather low to the horizon .
Unfortunately , they also tend to be few and far between . But if you happen to catch sight of just one , it will make your efforts worthwhile .
If you do catch sight of one in the next few mornings , keep in mind that you 'll likely be seeing an incandescent streak of light produced by material that originated from the nucleus of Halley 's comet . The last time Halley swept through the inner solar system was in 1986 ( it 's due back in the summer of 2061 ) , but it has traveled around the sun countless numbers of times over the centuries , each time leaving behind dust and grit similar in consistency and texture to cigar ash or copier toner — debris that astronomers believe dates back nearly five billion years to the birth of the solar system ; primordial material that happens to intersect the orbit of Earth about this time in early May every year .
So it is that the shooting stars that we have come to call the Eta Aquarids are really an encounter with the traces of a famous visitor from the depths of space , and quite possibly the dawn of creation .
If bad weather prevents your view , you can watch a series of Eta Aquarid meteor shower webcasts on Slooh.com at 11 a.m. EDT ( 1500 GMT ) , 5 p.m. EDT ( 2100 GMT ) and 11 p.m. EDT ( 0300 GMT ) . The first webcast will feature a live view of the meteor shower from New Zealand from Slooh partners Weathernews Japan . The 5 p.m. EDT webcast will include views from Slooh 's flagship observatory at the Institute of Astrophysics of the Canary Islands , as well as from partners in Chile and elswhere . The final webcast will be a live show hosted by Gerard Monteux and featuring contributions from Slooh astronomer Eric Edelman , astronomy journalist and author Bob Berman , and Helen Avery , Slooh 's human spirit editor .
Editor 's note : If you snap a great photo of the Eta Aquarid meteor shower and would like to share it with Space.com for a story or photo gallery , send in images and comments to : spacephotos @ space.com .
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium . They write about astronomy for Natural History magazine , the Farmers ' Almanac and other publications , and they are also an on-camera meteorologist for Fios1 News in Rye Brook , N.Y . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook and Google+ . Original article on Space.com
This just breaking : Three executives at MySpace are leaving the company to form their own startup , led by COO Amit Kapur ( pictured here ) . They will be joined by senior VP of technology Jim Benedetto and and senior VP of product strategy Steve Pearman . They have internally announced their departures , we have been able to confirm with the company .
MySpace is well into its monetization phase , and is facing increasing competition from Facebook , which is larger worldwide than MySpace and may soon overtake it in the U.S. as well . The growth and the big rewards that go with growth , may now be easier to find elsewhere . Kapur , Benedetto , and Pearman are voting with their feet .
Possible successors to Kapur for the COO post include Adam Bain ( a FIM hotshot who heads up the Fox Audience Network ) , Jeff Berman ( head of sales and marketing for MySpace ) , and Travis Katz ( head of MySpace international ) . External candidates , assuming they 'd want the job , might be departing Yahoo Mobile exec Marco Boerries , former Yahoo SVP Brad Garlinghouse , Playlist CEO Owen Van Natta ( who at one point was considering the MySpace Music CEO position ) , or Benchmark 's Entrepreneur-in-Residence Dave Goldberg .
Below is the memo just sent out by MySpace CEO Chris DeWolfe :
From : Chris Dewolfe
Sent : Tuesday , March 03
To : FIM MySpace All
Subject : IMPORTANT MESSAGE FROM CHRIS DEWOLFE
Hi everyone ,
I want to notify you of some changes occurring to the senior executive team at MySpace .
Amit Kapur , our Chief Operating Officer , will be leaving the company to start a new venture . Many of us who have been lucky enough to work with Amit can attest to their tenacity , passion , and creativity as a leader within MySpace and the larger industry .
Jim Benedetto , SVP of Engineering and Steve Pearman , SVP of Product Strategy will join Amit in this new chapter . Personally , I 'm incredibly excited to see what this team creates together and wish them the best of luck as they transition from helping run a company to building a new one . Most importantly , Amit , Jim , and Steve depart as great friends of MySpace and of our senior executive team . They will remain on board for the next few weeks to ensure a smooth transition company-wide .
We recently celebrated the five year anniversary of the launch of MySpace—it 's a major milestone and everyone should be extremely proud of the global business that we have created in such a short amount of time . At its inception , MySpace was a product of the new social Web and in the last few years we 've developed the most robust and diverse business in the marketplace .
MySpace is a social portal that empowers its global community to interact with people , content , and culture by giving individuals a personal , portable , and secure social experience . Originally , Yahoo gave consumers an organized way of navigating the Internet . Then , Google made searching the Internet extremely easy . Now , MySpace is making it simple for users to organize what 's important to them through a personal and social lens .
Despite what the market tells us , 2009 will be a big year for our business . This year we will mature our existing market leading advertising technologies such as MyAds and HyperTargeting , as well as continue to innovate new ways for companies big and small to best leverage the MySpace platform . We are effectively monetizing the stickiest sections of our site such as Music and Video by coupling the world 's richest content offering with creative ad programming online and off . What will always differentiate MySpace from others in the industry is our commitment to balancing revenue and relevancy .
On the product side , this past year was full of innovation including a site-wide global redesign , the impressive growth of our mobile initiatives , and the beginnings of our Open Platform product suite including MySpaceID . We 're at the tip of the iceberg with the Open Platform and in the coming year we expect major new launches including payments and virtual goods . Also in 2009 , MySpace Music will deliver the next round of product development such its international rollout , and new functionality including charts , ticketing , and merchandise . Most important , we will remain committed to executing on our product vision in a manner that engages our users in the process and considers their feedback every step of the way .
Tom and I want to reiterate how passionate we are about MySpace—we love the people , the product , and we believe in the future of the company . MySpace has a dedicated team of senior executives and I 'd like to take the opportunity to spotlight some of these individuals . I encourage everyone to get to know our executive team as they are an enormously capable group of professionals from successful media and Internet powerhouses such as eBay , Yahoo ! , MTV , and Symantec that will lead our company into its next phase .
MySpace Executive Team :
· Tom Anderson—President and Co-Founder
· Aber Whitcomb—Chief Technology Officer
· Travis Katz—GM and SVP of MySpace International
· Courtney Holt—President of MySpace Music
· Jeff Berman—President of Sales and Marketing
· Lin Cherry—General Counsel
· Tom Andrus—SVP of Product
· Manu Thapar—SVP of Engineering Operations
· Allen Hurff—SVP of Engineering
· Tish Whitcraft—SVP of Customer Care
· Jason Oberfest—SVP of Business Development
· Angela Courtin—SVP of Marketing
· Abe Thomas—VP of Online Marketing
· Dani Dudeck—VP of Global Corporate Communications
In a tough economy , we 're continuing to prove to the industry that we 're a serious business defining a new social portal category for a Web that 's more personal , portable , and collaborative than ever before . Thanks everyone for a record breaking year 2008—the coming year will be even more important for the company and our 130 million global users worldwide .
Best ,
Chris
Cybercriminals have found a new way to profit in the wake of Facebook'sÃ‚Â drive to lower the bar on privacy .
They 've begun spreading corrupted Facebook “ Like ” buttons . The end game : turnÃ‚Â Facebook users intoÃ‚Â unwitting accomplices in a cutting-edge click fraud caper , Ã‚Â according to Panda Security .
See top story : Facebook continues drive to lower privacy
Facebook launched Like buttons in early 2009 . The tiny thumbs-up icons appears alongside news stories , videos and other content on numerous popular websites , including Huffington Post , CNN , ESPN and Yelp . If you click on such an icon and are one of Facebook 's 500 millionÃ‚Â users , an identicalÃ‚Â thumbs-up icon will automatically embed on your profile page along with a link to the content . This signals your friends that you think the content is worthwhile checking out .
Privacy advocates are critical of Like buttons because they happen to also enable Facebook to track people as they switch from one web site to the next , supplying information about online behavior that 's salable to advertisers .
And now cyber scammers have figured out how to cause malicious Like buttons to turn up on Facebook users ' profile pages . They begin by manipulating a Facebook account for which they 've stolen the username and password , typically one that has a long list of friends . The initial step : embed a Like button with an enticing link on the profile page of that account . The link touts a hot topic — examples include news about the popular game Farmville or the hit movie Sex and the City 2 , says Panda Labs rearcher Sean-Paul Correll , who has intercepted and examined samples .
Clicking on the link takes you to a web page filled with online ads . This confirms you 've got a problem , says Correll . Unseen to you , a malicious program will embed a similarly-corrupted Like button on your Facebook profile page .
The scammers are using a technique called “ clickjacking ” to amass clicks and generateÃ‚Â payments from online advertisers . Facebook spokesperson Simon Axten says clickjacking stems from security weaknesses in web browsers and is not specific to Facebook . “ We ca n't technically prevent it completely , but we 're always working to improve our systems , ” says Axten . “ And we continue to build additional protections to mitigate its impact . ”
For the moment , the Facebook clickjacking attacks appear to be limited to defrauding online advertisers , says Correll.Ã‚Â But they say there is little stopping clickjackersÃ‚Â from spreading Like buttons with links that trigger promos for worthless antivirus , known as scareware .
“ Currently these attacks are being used only to generate advertising revenue , ” they say . “ It 's likely they will be replaced by much more lucrative attacks in the near future , such as spreading scareware . ”
Facebook is “ involved in discussions with others in the industry on how to fix the underlying issue on the browser side , ” says Axten . “ As always , weÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re advising people to use caution online and to not click on suspicious-looking links , even if theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve been sent or posted by friends . ”
Meanwhile , no one expects Facebook to pull back on features such as the Like button that drive toward CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's goal to makeÃ‚Â the Web , as Zuckerberg puts it , Ã‚Â “ more social . ”
Facebook 's Like button “ does support their business model , ” says Correll . “ Facebook needs to figure out how to target online advertisements to specific groups of consumers . But it definitely does lower privacy as well . ”
It appears lower privacy translates into greater opportunity for the bad guys .
By Byron Acohido
June 16th , 2010 | Privacy
Jada Toys has sent out the word that their Robocop 2014 Action Figures and Toys are on the way . Feel free to look at the new images and information for Robocop 2014
12 IN Talking RoboCop 3.0
Product Details Item No . : 84129
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : 12 IN
Paint : Black
• 12 ” Talking Action Figure
• 5 Points of Articulation
• 10 Alternating Phrases from the Movie
• Taser Gun and Machine Gun Accessories
4 IN RoboCop Action Figure 1.0
Product Details Item No . : 84125
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : 4 IN
Paint : Silver
• 9 Points of Articulation
• Includes Taser and Machine Gun accessories 4 IN RoboCop Action Figure 3.0 Product Details Item No . : 84125
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : 4 IN
Paint : Black
• 9 Points of Articulation
• Includes Taser and Machine Gun accessories 4 IN RoboCop Police Cruiser 3.0 Product Details Item No . : 84126
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : 4 IN
Paint : Black
• Removable 4 ” Figure
• Pullback Motor
• Spring Loaded Shooting Projectiles
• Includes EM-208 target ” 6 IN RoboCop Light up Action Figure 1.0 Product Details Item No . : 84128
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : 6 IN
Paint : Silver
• 6 ” Feature Action Figure
• 9 Points of Articulation • Light-up Visor 6 IN RoboCop Light up Action Figure 3.0 Product Details Item No . : 84128
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : 6 IN
Paint : Black
• 6 ” Feature Action Figure
• 9 Points of Articulation
• Light-up Visor
• Includes Taser and Machine Gun Accessories RobocCop Helmet Product Details Item No . : 84130
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : NA
Paint : Black
• Basic Plastic Helmet for Role Play
• Adjustable Strap RoboCop Chest Plate Product Details Item No . : 84131
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : NA
• Basic Plastic RoboCop Role Play Chest Piece
• Adjustable Strap RoboCop 3.0 Police Cruiser R/C Product Details Item No . : 84134
Brand : RoboCop
Category : Action Figure
Scale : NA
Paint : Black
• 12 ” Radio Control Cycle
• Full Function Radio Control
• RoboCop 3.0 Look for these toys to hits shelves very soon .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Olivier Giroud said Arsenal `` owe '' their Europa League victory to goalkeeper Petr Cech more than their own spectacular goal in the 1-0 win at Red Star Belgrade on Thursday .
With their hosts down to 10 men , Giroud hooked an 85th-minute strike over their head and into the far corner with a fine effort after some good work from Jack Wilshere and Theo Walcott .
But Arsenal needed Cech to keep the game goalless to that point , as the goalkeeper denied Nemanja Radonjic in both halves and a header from Nenad Krsticic -- earning praise from goal scorer Giroud .
`` We owe them maybe the win today because they have been amazing two or three times , '' Giroud said of Cech . `` We know they have this quality and they were a great goalkeeper tonight . ''
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger also had kind words for their goalkeeper .
`` Of course It 's important to have a good goalkeeper in these kinds of games , '' the manager said . `` He came out very quickly on counter-attacks and sometimes when we lost the ball in unexpected ways it was dangerous , and Petr Cech kept us in the game . ''
Olivier Giroud 's late goal was the difference as Arsenal won in Belgrade .
And Wenger said Giroud informed them during the game that the goal would come .
`` At one stage they came to the touchline and told me we will score , '' Wenger said of Giroud . `` Certainly they knew more than I did , but that 's Giroud , they keep belief when it 's tough . That 's why maybe they score at moments you do not expect them to score . ''
On their goal -- somewhat similar to the Puskas Award-finalist strike they scored last season against Crystal Palace -- Giroud said they only attempted the audacious shot after they failed to locate a teammate to whom they could pass .
`` In that position I can control the ball and try to play with another teammate , but I did n't see anyone and I tried to take it as I can , '' they said . `` It was a little bit like Palace , and I 've been a bit lucky because it 's top corner , but it 's back of the net ..
`` I 'm happy for the team , because we 've been resilient until the end . We keep believing in our game and we knew it would be a tough game , but we needed to be patient and played our game with our qualities . ''
Arsenal have won all three of the games to open the Group H campaign , and with two home games remaining , Giroud said they believed the Gunners could be finished with a 100 percent record .
`` We obviously want to win every single game , and we 've played two away games , and this is very nice for the future , '' Giroud said . `` We can play with certainty and try to win every game in this group . ''
Follow @ ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates .
Oct 11 , 2016 ; Washington , D.C. , USA ; United States midfielder Michael Bradley ( 4 ) jogs on the field against New Zealand in the second half at RFK Stadium . Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
United States soccer team captain Michael Bradley is “ sad ” and “ embarrassed ” by President Donald Trump 's executive order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries , they said on Instagram on Sunday .
Bradley spoke out after earlier taking a more diplomatic tone in an interview with a journalist , saying they felt compelled to be more forthright on the issue .
“ I believe what I said but it was too soft , ” they wrote . “ The part I left out is how sad and embarrassed I am .
“ When Trump was elected , I only hoped that the President Trump would be different from the campaigner Trump . That the xenophobic , misogynistic and narcissistic rhetoric would be replaced with a more humble and measured approach to leading our country .
“ I was wrong . And the Muslim ban is just the latest example of someone who could n't be more out of touch with our country and the right way to move forward . ”
Bradley posted their remarks hours before leading the United States in a friendly match against Serbia in San Diego .
New Jersey-born Bradley , 29 , plays their club soccer for Toronto FC , which they joined in 2014 after almost a decade playing in Europe .
They are the first prominent American sportsman to harshly criticize President Trump 's new immigration policy , which has also been slammed by four-times Olympic champion runner Mo Farah , a British citizen who was born in Somalia and lives in the U.S .
President Trump on Friday put a 120-day hold on allowing refugees into the country , an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria and a 90-day bar on citizens from Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen .
The announcement prompted the National Basketball Association to try to contact the State Department to clarify the situation .
Two NBA players , Thon Maker of the Milwaukee Bucks and Luol Deng of the Los Angeles Lakers , were born in Sudan .
( Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary , North Carolina ; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes )
Taipei , April 24 ( CNA ) Taiwanese computer maker Acer Inc. ( 宏碁 ) is expanding its smartphone business into the United States for the first time by bringing its Windows 10-ready handset to Microsoft retail outlets .
The Acer Liquid M220 smartphone will be available at Microsoft Stores and Microsoftstore.com in the United States in June for US $ 79.99 , Acer announced at its global press event in New York on Thursday to launch new products for the back-to-school season .
The M220 is the first smartphone in Acer 's Liquid series to run on the Windows Phone 8.1 operating system and is supported by Acer for the free Windows 10 upgrade in the future .
The affordable smartphone is designed to provide `` essential features for those looking for something simple and easy to use , '' sporting a 4-inch WVGA display , a Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 dual-core 1.2GHz mobile processor , 1GB of memory , a 5-megapixel auto-focus rear camera and a 1300mAh battery , according to Acer .
`` With a successful track record of working with more than 20 telecommunications providers in 55 countries around the world , we 're well-prepared to expand the breadth of our mobile product offerings in one of the world 's largest and most influential markets , '' said Hugo Hernandez , vice president of Acer America smartphone business group .
`` We 're confident that budget-conscious customers will appreciate the significant value and ease of use that our Liquid smartphones offer , '' Hernandez said in a statement .
S.T . Liew ( 劉思泰 ) , president of Acer 's smartphone business group , told the local daily Commercial Times in an interview published in late March that the company is aiming to ship 5 million to 6 million smartphones this year , a leap from nearly 3 million units in 2014 and about 1.5 million units in 2013 .
( By Jeffrey Wu )
ENDITEM/ke
NEW DELHI : New India Assurance Company ( NIA ) , India 's largest general insurance company in terms of net worth , domestic gross direct premium , profit after tax and number of branches , has hit the primary market with its Rs 9,600 crore initial public offering ( IPO ) on Wednesday.The insurer seeks to sell 12 crore shares in a price band of Rs 770-800 per share . This includes an offer for sale ( OFS ) of 9.6 crore shares by the government and a fresh issue of 2.4 crore shares . Retail individual investors ( RIIs ) and qualified employees will get a price discount of Rs 30 per share each.Analysts are largely neutral on the issue with a slight negative bias . Angel Broking has neutral rating , Centrum Broking has avoided rating , while Geojit Financial Services has subscribed rating on the issue . ICICI Securities says the issue is only for long-term investors , while Choice Broking has advised investors to `` Subscribe with Caution ” .Low return ratio and operating losses are seen as soar points , while lowest expense ratio among the top 10 multi-product insurers and robust solvency ratio at 2.27 against IRDAI 's prescribed level of 1.5 is seen some positives.The insurer is leader in almost all of its product portfolio covers fire , marine , health , and motor , among others . The company had 2,452 offices and 68,389 individual insurance agents in India in June 2017 , while it has overseas operations in 28 countries that contributed 14.2 per cent its total gross written premium ( GWP ) in FY17 . It 's distribution network in India included 68,389 individual agents and bancassurance arrangements with 25 banks in India.As far as listed peers are concerned , the insurer had a lower operating expense ratio of 20.4 per cent in FY17 than ICICI Lombard 's 30.1 per cent . But , the insurer 's return on equity ( RoE ) at 6.8 per cent was much lower than ICICI Lombard 's 17.2 per cent . NIA had an investment book worth Rs 55,028 crore as of June 30 , on which company has been able to generate yield of 8.1 per cent for FY2017.At the upper price band of Rs 800 the issue is offered at 5 times FY2017 book value and 76 times its FY2017 EPS . `` Its listed peer ICICI Lombard is trading at 8 times FY2017 book value and 48 times FY2017 EPS . ICICI Lombard reported decent ROE of 17 per cent and average ROE for last 5 years is 19 epr cent , while NIA reported subdued ROE of 7 per cent for FY2017 and average ROE of 9 per cent . NIA 's combined ratio is consistently higher than 115 per cent , which is impacting the profitability of the company . Considering the subdued ROE , inconsistent PAT and higher combined ratio , we recommend neutral rating on the issue , ” Jaikishan J Parmar of Angel Broking said.Centrum Broking in another note said the issue appears expensive , considering a very low return ratio of mere 6.8 per cent RoE , operating loss of Rs 901 crore and declining net profit . `` In comparison , private players in the general insurance space have better growth rates and RoEs of close to 20 per cent . While the company holds leadership position , it is difficult to justify its valuation due to weak fundamentals . Hence , we recommend investors to 'Avoid ' this issue . `` However , not all brokerages are neutral to negative on the issue.Geojit Financial Services noted that NIA has been making operating loss in the past few years due to higher outgo on account of wage revision and claims in health and motor segments . `` However , in Q1FY18 , NIA has posted a PAT of Rs 513 crore , up 144 per cent YoY on annualised basis , backed by better product mix and revision in health and motor premiums . The company enjoys a strong capital position with a solvency ratio of 2.22 times as of FY17 compared to the IRDAI specified control level of 1.5 times . We believe the issue is reasonably priced considering its robust financial position , pan-India reach and bright growth prospect of the overall general insurance sector in the future , '' the brokerage said.Being slightly expensive with high combined ratios , we believe one should subscribe only from a longer term view and not for the purpose of accruing listing gains , ICICI Securities said in another note .
$ \begingroup $
Please avoid the trivial $ x=y=z=a=b=5 $ . Try looking for a solution where $ x≠y≠z≠a≠b $ or if not , look for one where one variable equals to another , but explain your reasoning . The girl was covering `` unit fractions '' in their class .
Was this a requirement in the homework problem ? The easiest way to prove that there is more than one solution to a problem is to find more than one solution to the problem , even if the additional solution is trivial . A starting point of any arbitrary number of unit fractions that sum to $ 1 $ and that also can be combined into other unit fractions is a very valid starting point .
Case in point : I would propose that this be solved at the fifth-grade level by splitting fractions , with little special knowledge to produce unique values . $ 1 = 1/2 + 1/2 $ . Now we need to come up with three more fractions and differentiate the two we have . We do this by continuing to split , with some clever knowledge of prime factors .
For instance , if a number in the denominator is divisible by both $ 2 $ and $ 3 $ , then you can combine two or three of that unit fraction , and when reducing to the lowest terms you will get a new unit fraction . $ 6 $ is the simplest example ; $ 1/6 + 1/6 = 1/3 $ and $ 1/6 + 1/6 + 1/6 = 1/2 $ . This is useful to us : $ 1/6 + 1/3 = 1/2 $ , so $ 1/6 + 1/3 + 1/2 = 1 $ . Now we just need two more unique fractions . Well , let 's split up the largest fraction , $ 1/2 $ , into more pieces than we tried before . If we divide it into 12 units , each of those will be $ 1/24 $ of the whole . $ 2/24 = 1/12 , 3/24 = 1/8 $ , and $ 6/24 = 1/4 $ . We can also combine $ 4 $ and $ 8 $ of these , but those two produce the fractions $ 1/6 $ and $ 1/3 $ which we already have . Now , by serendipity ( or not ) , $ 1 + 2 + 3 + 6 = 12 $ . That would give us $ 1/24 + 1/12 + 1/8 + 1/4 = 1/2 $ . That 's four of the five we need , and $ 1/2 $ ( the remaining fraction of the whole ) is n't spoken for yet and can be produced by recombining $ 1/3 $ and $ 1/6 $ , so $ 1/2 + 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/12 + 1/24 = 1 $ , and thus $ \ { 2,4,8,12,24\ } $ is a valid solution .
This generalizes into the following statement : find five numbers , $ j , k , m , n $ , and $ p $ , that are all factors of an arbitrary $ z $ , and that sum to $ z $ . Then $ 1/x=j/z $ , $ 1/y=k/z $ , and so on .
A good z-value to try in this case is $ 100 $ , which turns the fractions into simple integer percentages . $ 100 $ has the following prime factorization : $ 2^2 * 5^2 $ . Each unique combination of those factors , plus the universal factor $ 1 $ , is a factor of $ 100 $ and thus a possible value for the set of $ 5 $ we need . There are 8 factors of $ 100 $ , not including $ 100 $ ; $ 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 25 $ , and $ 50 $ . We can now apply a variation of the value-splitting ; find numbers in this set that will sum to other numbers in the set . $ 100=50+50 $ . $ 50=25+25 $ . $ 25=20+5 $ , and $ 5=4+1 $ . Putting these identities together , $ 1+4+20+25+50 = 100 $ . Dividing everything by $ 100 $ and finding the lowest terms gives $ 1/100+1/25+1/5+1/4+1/2 = 1 $ , so $ \ { 2,4,5,25,100\ } $ is another valid solution .
Pretty much any number with $ 4 $ or more factors other than $ 1 $ and itself is a candidate z-value . It helps to have a few extra factors laying around , as was shown from the example above ; a number with only $ 4 $ unique factors , say $ 20 $ $ ( 2 , 4 , 5 , 10 ) $ , is unlikely to have those factors all sum to the original number as well ( in this case the sum of those four factors is $ 21 $ ; close but no cigar ) . It also helps if the prime factorization of the number ( a graspable concept for a fifth grader , with multiplication , division and primes under their belt ) includes more than one prime factor ; this allows you to do the `` divide by one , then multiply by the other '' trick to produce unique denominators .
They are multiple , but not infinite , total solutions to this problem ; the numbers involved are naturally bound by the two conditions ; that natural numbers are used , and that only reciprocals of those natural numbers are allowed ( no numerators other than 1 ) . Other answers have empirically found all possible answers .
When you start a PPC campaign on the Google Ads platform , it 's easy to get overwhelmed by the choices , particularly when it comes to keyword types . It 's almost like being on a dating site ! Will a broad match keyword deliver what you want or are you going to deal with a lot of losers hoping to find the diamond in the rough ? Or are you the patient type , ready to wait for clicks on an exact match ? Just like choosing the perfect mate , refining the match type you use in your campaign allows you to cut unnecessary time and money on clicks that wo n't lead to happiness .
The biggest piece to remember is each deeper level of the match you choose may decrease your traffic and impressions but should increase your relevancy ( and click-thru-rate ) , so it 's worth the time and the testing to see what works best for your campaign . Keyword research is certainly important , but using the correct match types can have as major impact on your final results .
When choosing the right match type for a keyword for an ad on the Search Network , start at the top and work your way down . Start with broad match keywords to show your ads on relevant searches , then monitor your keywords ' performance and make your keyword match types more specific if you find that your ads are showing up for too many irrelevant variations of your keywords .
Let 's say you are a clothing vendor and you want to promote your Carolina Panthers apparel ( as the 2015 NFC champions , of course you would ! ) . One of the keywords you would probably want to use is ‘ Panthers jersey ' . But what 's the best way to use it ?
Broad Match Type
This is actually the default match type in Google Ads . With broad match , you have the biggest possibility for impressions , but sometime you can get too broad , as your ad may show if a search term contains any word in your key phrase , in any order , and possibly along with other terms Google feels are relevant .
Broad match keyword
Panthers jersey
Ads may show on searches for
Carolina Panther jerseys
football jerseys
football shirts
panthers in new jersey zoo
black panthers
Essentially , broad match is like going to singles night at your local bar . Your keywords will find search term matches , but there 's the risk that they wo n't be the perfect fit for your business .
Modified Broad Match
Modified broad match keywords wo n't show your ad for synonyms or related searches , though it will still display in any order . This allows you ads to only show when someone 's search contains those modified terms , or close variations of the modified terms , in any order . When you add the plus sign in front of a term in your keyword , you 're telling Google that the search query must include that term .
For instance , let 's say you enabled modified broad match in Google Ads for the keyword “ panthers shirts. ” If you append the “ + ” parameter to the word “ panthers , ” Google can only match your ads to queries that include the word panthers . If you append it to the word “ shirts , ” search queries must include that word before you ad can enter the auction .
Modified Broad
+panthers +jersey
Ads may show on searches for
jersey for carolina panthers
panther sightings in New Jersey
Ads wo n't show on searches for
football jerseys
football shirts
black panthers
Phrase Match Type
Your ad will only appear when a user searches your key phrase using your keywords in the exact order you enter them , but there might be other words either before or after that phrase . To use phrase match , put quotes around your keyword when uploading it into Google Ads ..
Phrase Match
“ Panthers jersey ”
Ads may show on searches for
Carolina Panthers jersey
Buy panthers jersey
get panther jerseys
Ads wo n't show on searches for
new jersey zoo panthers
Jersey City Panthers
Exact Match Type
Exact match is the most specific of the keyword match types . With this match type , users can only see your ad when they type your exact keyword phrase by itself . It is the most restrictive match type and will lead to the fewest impressions . However , since your keyword matches the search query exactly — and hopefully matches your ads and landing pages — you should expect to see better performance .
Exact Match
[ Panthers jersey ]
Ads may show on searches for
panther jersey
panthers jerseys
Ads wo n't show on searches for
buy panthers jersey
best site for panthers jersey
When choosing the right match type for a keyword , it 's usually a good idea to start at the top and work your way down . Begin with broad match keywords to show your ads on relevant searches , then monitor your keywords ' performance and make your match types more specific if you find that your ads are showing up for too many irrelevant variations of your keywords . The more you can target your audience , the more likely you are to convert your visitors , and develop relationships that will stand the test of time .
As a Google Partner , Enventys Partners is an agency certified by Google to manage Google Ads accounts . We understand the nuances of keyword match types and the strategies that make them work best for each client .
October 1944 in war torn Italy . Hana , a French-Canadian nurse working in a mobile army medical unit , feels like everything they love in life dies on them Because of the difficulty traveling and the dangers , especially as the landscape is still heavily booby-trapped with mines , Hana volunteers to stay behind at a church to care solely for a dying semi-amnesiac patient , who is badly burned and disfigured . They agree to catch up to the rest of the unit after they die . All the patient remembers is that they are English and that they are married . Their solitude is disrupted with the arrival at the church of fellow Canadian David Caravaggio , part of the Intelligence Service , who is certain that they know the patient as a man who cooperated with the Germans . Caravaggio believes that the patient 's memory is largely in tact and that they are running away from their past , in part or in its entirety . The patient does open up about their past , all surrounding their work as a cartographer in North Africa , which ... Written by Huggo
Silicon Valley exec dies trying to save daughter in pool
Jim Tramel , 43 , of Burlingame , was one of seven people shocked inside a pool at a Palm Springs home on the 2300 block of Yosemite Drive , police said in a statement . Jim Tramel , 43 , of Burlingame , was one of seven people shocked inside a pool at a Palm Springs home on the 2300 block of Yosemite Drive , police said in a statement . Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Silicon Valley exec dies trying to save daughter in pool 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
An executive at a Silicon Valley tech company died Sunday and their 9-year-old daughter is in critical condition after they tried to save them from electrocution in a swimming pool accident , police and colleagues said .
Jim Tramel , 43 , of Burlingame , was one of seven people shocked inside a pool at a Palm Springs home on the 2300 block of Yosemite Drive , police said in a statement .
Officers received reports two people turned blue after jumping into a pool and responded to the residential neighborhood around 4 p.m. Sunday , finding people at the home giving Tramel and their 9-year-old daughter CPR .
Tramel noticed the girl in distress from electric shock when they jumped in to rescue her , police and fire personnel said . They were electrocuted themselves during the attempt and had to be pulled from the pool .
Palm Springs Police said it 's believed faulty wiring caused the accident .
Tramel 's daughter remained in critical condition at Loma Linda University Medical Center on Tuesday .
Police said five others in the pool were shocked , but most were far enough away from the wires to safely get out of the water . One victim , a 10-year-old girl , is being treated at the same hospital and is in stable condition , police said .
The other victims — a 45-year-old woman , a 6-year-old boy , a 6-year-old girl and an 8-year-old girl , were treated and released after personnel took everyone to hospitals .
Tramel was pronounced dead at Desert Regional Medical Center in Palm Springs .
Tramel worked as a vice president of sales at marketing technology company RevJet . CEO and founder Mitchell Weisman created a GoFundMe page on Monday to raise money for the family .
“ Jim 's lovely wife Kim and their children now face the future without a husband , and without a father , ” Weisman wrote . “ Even worse , at this very moment Jim 's oldest child remains in intensive care , fighting for their life . Please pray with us for their survival and recovery . ”
Weisman said the funds will be presented to Jim 's wife , Kim , as a stipend “ for use by Kim as they choose for the welfare and education of their children , and/or as one or more donation ( s ) to some deserving non-profit ( s ) of their choice. ” As of Thursday , nearly 950 people had raised more than $ 157,000 .
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : jlyons @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ JennaJourno
Providence Care is investigating one of its employees after they were called out for making racist comments on social media .
Doug Chapman , who identified themselves on their public Facebook page as working in the hospital 's information technology department , commented on a news story about female Muslim members of the RCMP being permitted to wear a hijab while on duty .
“ I recall this debate in 1990 , ” Chapman wrote . “ Respect the uniform or f— off . ”
Chapman was referring to the national police force changing its policy in 1990 to allow Sikh men to wear turbans while on duty .
“ I have no problem with anyone living and working in a multicultural society , ” Chapman later wrote in reply to another person 's comment on the story .
“ I do have a problem when kids do n't respect their elders … respect the history or f— off and do something else a——- . ”
The comments prompted a complaint to Provindence Care , Kingston-area news outlets , including the Whig-Standard , and local politicians .
Rahime Juma contacted the hospital about their concerns with Chapman 's comments .
“ I know what our community is like . I 've lived places where people would yell racial slurs from their cars on a weekly basis . Kingston is not like that , ” said Juma , who pointed to the community 's response to the Syrian refugee crisis as an example of Kingston 's tolerant and welcoming nature .
Juma , who has lived here for 22 years , said that in recent months , in the wake of a series of terrorist attacks and the issuing by the United States presidential candidate Donald Trump of what Juma described as an “ open licence to offend and hate without consequence , ” things have changed .
“ I know , for sure , that this is not the massive majority of our community , but I also think they do n't know what we 're going through right now , ” they said .
“ There 's a difference between someone yelling it in a car , sort of anonymously . The people that are doing it online are not using fake names . It 's their real name , with their family pictures , with where they work and it 's not code . ”
On Friday , Jenn Goodwin , chief communications officer for Providence Care , said the hospital was notified late Thursday and the issue was referred to the human resources department .
“ We do have a code of conduct policy and therefore an investigation is underway , ” Goodwin said . “ It is something we take seriously . ”
Goodwin said the code of conduct is “ very clear in terms of how employees are to behave and speak ” when they are seen to be representing the hospital , and since Chapman 's profile identified them as a Providence Care employee , their comments are subject to the code .
Goodwin said consequences for breaching the hospital 's code of conduct could be dismissal .
“ There is an expectation of everyone who is associated in any way with Providence Care that they both have the right to be treated , and the responsibilty to treat other people , with respect and dignity , ” they said .
“ That is core to our values . That is core to who we are as Providence Care . ”
Chapman was unavailable for comment when contacted by the Whig-Standard through the social media site where they posted their comments .
elferguson @ postmedia.com
A recent , little-noticed news item may result in a deep and indelible blemish on the Canadian mosaic . Earlier this month , the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) , without fanfare , posted on its website a potential game-changer in the world of broadcast journalism . The CRTC is seeking to relax restrictions concerning the broadcasting of specious information on radio and television . Currently , the law stipulates that broadcasters “ shall not broadcast any false or misleading news. ” Sounds reasonable enough — and straightforward — as it should , since it concerns the integrity of news reporting . But not apparently to the CRTC . It is proposing to soften the regulation , banning “ any news that the licensee knows is false or misleading and that endangers or is likely to endanger the lives , health or safety of the public . ”
Article Continued Below
In short , with the new wording , broadcasters could air false or misleading news with impunity , provided that it does not endanger the lives , health or safety of the public . Unfortunately , the CRTC does not specify who will judge whether or not such disinformation poses a danger . An aphorism comes to mind , “ If it 's fixed , break it . ”
The CRTC is apparently responding to concerns raised by Parliament 's standing joint committee for the scrutiny of regulations , which worried that such a sweeping ban may not withstand a court challenge under the Charter of Rights . It seems , however , that the societal benefits of a commitment to truth-telling in broadcasting far outweigh any potential legal potholes emerging with a hypothetical court case in future . As University of Ottawa law professor and media expert Michael Geist points out , there is some irony in the CRTC 's timing . Just as the U.S. , reeling from the Arizona massacre that targeted Democratic Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords , is reflecting on the wider social impact of its poisoned airwaves , the CRTC is embracing a more U.S.-style approach . This is made all the more disconcerting as a new right-leaning all-news network , Sun TV News , prepares for its debut in March . In a recent interview , Geist observed there 's a growing fear that Canada is about to adopt the more bellicose U.S. approach to political news coverage . The CRTC 's proposed change will only deepen these fears .
Article Continued Below
“ I think that those same kinds of fears are out there in much the same way ( as they are in the U.S. ) . This just provides freer licence to do it , ” Geist commented . Yet concerns over journalistic integrity in Canada are not new . Over the past 15 years , many have sounded warnings , and some of the clearest and most compelling tocsins have been rung by the venerable dean of Canadian journalists , Knowlton Nash . The former anchor for CBC 's The National , with more than half a century 's experience in print and broadcast journalism , Nash laments the obsession of the media with the pursuit of “ trivia , ” as well as its increasing preoccupation with “ entertainment and gossip ” at the expense of well-grounded analysis and truly investigative reporting . In their book , Trivia Pursuit : How Showbiz Values Are Corrupting the News ( 1998 ) , Nash sees the “ dumbing down ” of the news and the supplanting of crucial political events by celebrity scuttlebutt as nothing less than a threat to Canadian democracy . In a series of lectures they once graciously delivered to my undergraduate students , Nash noted that when serving as an “ unembedded ” CBC journalist during the war in Vietnam , they were with a U.S. platoon as it engaged in a firefight . They saw several U.S. troops killed . When they attended the official U.S. military briefing later that afternoon , however , a U.S. army media official stated unequivocally that there had been “ no casualties ” that day . ( There were a reason journalists called those official afternoon briefings the “ five o'clock follies. ” ) For Nash , while the full truth of any situation will always at some levels elude us , the commitment to truth-telling , which was a hallmark of their journalism career , should never be watered down . The CRTC is accepting comments on its proposed ruling change until Feb. 9 . For information on how to submit comments , visit http : //www.crtc.gc.ca/eng/archive/2011/2011-14.htm . There is still time to share with the commission a commitment to keeping broadcast news free of lies and misleading information , for any “ news ” that deliberately misleads can only be the product of a society that is seriously misguided . Stephen Bede Scharper is associate professor of environmental studies and religious studies at the University of Toronto .
A shirtless march is scheduled at Toronto 's High Park for this year 's Go Topless Day , an event created in protest of female nipple censorship .
Though it is legal in Ontario for both women and men to display bare chests , women rarely exercise this right due to the social stigma surrounding uncovered breasts .
See also
This year 's Go Topless Day falls on the same day as Women 's Equality Day in the US , with it being the anniversary of American women earning the right to vote in 1920 . Nearly 100 years later , and there are still many places in Canada , the US , and around the world where it is illegal for a female nipple to be displayed publicly .
“ It is only logical that GoTopless Day protests would fall on Women 's Equality Day since the right to go topless for women is based on gender equality as their right to vote once was , ” reads the Go Topless Day website .
Currently , Ontario and British Columbia are the only Canadian provinces where it is officially legal for women to go topless .
Men are invited to participate in the march , though are encouraged to don pasties or tape on their own chests as a mark of solidarity .
Where : High Park , near the High Park Maple Leaf Garden facing the Grenadier Pond
When : Saturday , August 26
Time : To be announced
Working at the front desk of the world 's largest western swordfighting school for half a year has led me to observe something . When it comes to most weapons and styles , people have preferences that are based on a number of different factors , ranging from their training background to their childhood fantasies . Generally speaking no one seems to particularly dislike one weapon , so much as prefer another . However , when it comes to rapier , often you come across people who either love it or hate it . With a passion . I hated it at first , but I stuck with what seemed to be an overly stiff and awkward weapon ( compared to my first love , the longsword ) , because I saw value in it . I watched more advanced students sparring at lightning speed and I knew I had to just do the leg work ( literally ) if I ever wanted to get to that point . In class last night , however , I had a moment of clarity as one of my instructors corrected my form : what if my aversion ( and maybe a lot of people 's aversion ) to rapier was simply physiological ?
The problem
I mulled it over for the remainder of class ( which was focused on posture ) and I realised that my initial dislike of rapier sprung from a complaint I have heard many times from new students , which is that it feels uncomfortable and awkward . The question I ended up asking myself was , “ Is this something inherent in rapier fighting , or something that is inherent in modern society ? ” When you consider the sedentary nature of the average person , one possible answer is that people really struggle with the rapier because their hip muscles are too tight and restrictive to properly enter and hold a stance . This would affect their enjoyment of the rapier and lead holding correct posture to feel , as one student put it , “ wrong . ”
This was a problem I 've encountered before , personally , in long distance running . What I had initially written off as a general dislike of the practice was actually to do with a tightness in my hips , which was causing a host of other problems as it pulled my correct running form out of shape . Increasing flexibility did a lot to prevent the numerous twinges I felt and rescued me from a number of injuries waiting to happen . I thought I hated running . It turns out I hated not being able to do it properly .
It makes sense really , when you consider the media 's focus in recent years on the danger of sitting at a desk , in front of a television , or on the bus for large chunks of the day ( it 's pretty grim , as you can see here ) that people these days generally have much less flexible hips , backs and legs than in previous generations . Tight , rigid hip muscles make transitioning through loaded positions like those in a rapier lunge difficult , and subsequently not very much fun to do .
Equally , unlike many practices that involve such movements , a perfectly executed rapier stance is not measured in comfort or flexibility , but safety , given that it is a martial practice . When we look at the elements of a correct posture and lunge , many positions , particularly when held over time , require good hip flexibility due to the feet being turned outward while one leg is loaded . I believe this means that for many students , myself included , a dislike of rapier can be connected to a lack of flexibility in the hips . That was my discovery : rapier fighting is not stiff and awkward , I am .
The Solution
So what 's the fix ? My initial gut reaction was to just not do rapier and avoid the issue altogether . That solution , however , does not stand up to one of the fundamental principles of learning anything new , namely : at first , you should expect to suck . The celebrated author Ernest Hemingway once famously said , “ the first draft of anything is shit , ” so with that in mind , I thought , best get to it . This meant addressing problems that were holding my training back rather than waiting for them to get better , and in this case , improving my hip flexibility will reap benefits elsewhere . Bending at the hips and flowing between postures is a basic , primal movement , so why not get good at it for that reason alone ?
If you are a rapier aficionado similarly interested in improving your hip flexibility , here are three ways for to correct this issue . You may try any one of these approaches , although a combination of all three is probably the best solution ( and definitely wo n't hurt your practice ) :
Work on your flexibility . This hip opening flow is one I learned when prepping for a marathon a number of years ago and I still use elements of it today ( though not as much as I should obviously , hence my struggle with rapier mechanics . ) It works . Try to do it every day as best you can , and gradually you should find that the act of holding correct rapier posture will not be such a chore .
Get stronger . Squatting below parallel with or without a weight is one of the most effective ways to improve flexibility , engage the posterior chain and get used to moving through loaded positions . Squat at least a little every day . This will also help further down the line in everything from generating powerful explosive lunges to tying your shoelaces .
Practice . Get time in everyday practicing lunging with good form and stick with it . Mobility and flexibility come from movement , and frankly , the best way to improve at something when you 're new to it is to develop habitual practice .
So there we go , a simple problem with some fairly easy-to-apply fixes . The problem itself , however , is symptomatic of a lack of mindfulness , one I often find in my own training . In order to excel at anything you need to be critical , and in this case being critical can be as simple as asking the question , “ Do I really dislike this , or am I holding myself back ? ” If the answer happens to be the latter , by asking the question you 've already taken the first steps to remedying it and becoming a better fighter . If not , you know that you genuinely do not enjoy the activity . Either way , you 'll have saved yourself a lot of time wondering why something just is n't working for you in your training .
JOHNSTON , R.I. ( AP ) � Warwick�s police chief says a threat to elementary school students in three communities mentioned beheading .
JOHNSTON , R.I. ( AP ) � Warwick�s police chief says a threat to elementary school students in three communities mentioned beheading .
Col. Steven McCartney tells WPRO-AM that the threat specified that �beheading is planned.� They called the nature of the threat targeting children in Warwick , Cranston and Johnston chilling .
Johnston police received the anonymous threat by mail on Tuesday . Police say officers will be at every school in Johnston , Cranston and Warwick through Friday .
Several parents said they�ll keep their children at home . McCartney says the schools may be the safest place to be .
Cranston Supt . Judith Lundsten says recess will be canceled and students will not wait outside but will enter immediately .
Lt. Matthew Moynihan , a state police officer working for Cranston police , said authorities have not determined any validity to the threat .
An artist 's impression of one of the planned Melbourne Metro stations . Opposition spokesperson for public transport and planning David Davis told reporters on Monday that they wrote a letter to members of the Cross Yarra Partnership and the Stonnington and Port Phillip councils , saying the opposition would consider changes to the project that would link the busiest station outside the CBD with the twin underground tunnels , if it is elected next year . `` The stupidity of not connecting South Yarra station – a major growth area – and in fact disconnecting two rail lines , Cranbourne and Pakenham , from South Yarra with this project can not be overemphasised , '' Mr Davis said . `` What is the government thinking not connecting that important station , a growing area and an area with very significant population growth ? '' In the letter , Mr Davis also flagged that the Coalition would consider changes to the location of the tunnel around the Domain station .
`` The Coalition is prepared to work with the tender consortium to adjust key details of the project , including the precise alignment of the tunnel , particularly in relation to the location of the station near the Domain , to improve the outcome and functionality of the project . '' South Yarra station attracts 28,000 daily passengers , with an increase of 180 per cent between 2011 and 2016 . Stonnington Council forecasts that daily patronage at South Yarra will rise to 40,000 by 2031 , an increase of 43 per cent from 2016 . The station serves as an interchange for four suburban lines , and stands less than 100 metres from the planned alignment of the Melbourne Metro . The Greens ' transport spokesperson Sam Hibbins​ said they supported the Coalition 's announcement , but noted that `` the Liberals cut South Yarra from Melbourne Metro when they were in government , then abandoned the project altogether '' .
`` The state government should deliver the full Melbourne Metro including a South Yarra interchange , Melton electrification and Rowville line extension in order to realise the full benefits of this project , '' they said . The economic case for building the South Yarra station has been rated `` very poor '' in an analysis by the government 's Melbourne Metro Rail Authority , which found that the cost and disruption – including the acquisition of more than 100 properties – would outweigh the passenger benefits . Daniel Bowen , spokesperson for the Public Transport Users Association , said it was `` understandable '' that the government did not proceed with an underground interchange given that an analysis showed that building the interchange would cost $ 700- $ 940 million . But they said increasing the capacity of the busy station was necessary . `` South Yarra station is a bottleneck in terms of passengers and it needs other upgrades to relieve crowding at peak times , '' they said .
Array ( [ actionDate ] = > 2015-04-21 [ displayText ] = > Passed/agreed to in House : On motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill Agreed to by voice vote . ( text : CR H2324-2326 ) [ externalActionCode ] = > 8000 [ description ] = > Passed House )
There are 4 summaries for S.535 . Public Law ( 04/30/2015 ) Passed House without amendment ( 04/21/2015 ) Passed Senate without amendment ( 03/27/2015 ) Introduced in Senate ( 02/23/2015 ) Bill summaries are authored by CRS
Shown Here :
Public Law No : 114-11 ( 04/30/2015 )
( This measure has not been amended since it was introduced . The expanded summary of the Senate passed version is repeated here . )
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015
TITLE I -- BETTER BUILDINGS
Better Buildings Act of 2015
( Sec . 102 ) This bill requires the General Services Administration ( GSA ) to : ( 1 ) develop and publish model leasing provisions to encourage building owners and tenants to use greater cost-effective energy efficiency and water efficiency measures in commercial buildings , ( 2 ) develop policies and practices to implement the measures for the realty services provided by the GSA to agencies , and ( 3 ) make available the model provisions and best practices to state and local governments for use in managing owned and leased building spaces .
The GSA may use the model leasing provisions in any standard leasing document that designates a federal agency as a landlord or tenant .
( Sec . 103 ) The bill amends the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to require the Department of Energy ( DOE ) 's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to study the feasibility of : ( 1 ) significantly improving energy efficiency in commercial buildings through the design and construction of spaces within the buildings with high-performance energy efficiency measures ; and ( 2 ) encouraging owners and tenants to implement those measures . A high-performance energy efficiency measure is a technology , product , or practice that will result in substantial operational cost savings by reducing energy consumption and utility costs .
( Sec . 104 ) The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) must develop a voluntary Tenant Star program within the Energy Star program to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that voluntarily achieve high levels of energy efficiency . The EPA may develop a voluntary program to recognize commercial building owners and tenants that use high-performance energy efficiency measures in the design and construction of leased spaces .
DOE 's Energy Information Administration must collect in each of its Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Surveys data on : ( 1 ) categories of building occupancy that are known to consume significant quantities of energy ; and ( 2 ) other aspects of the property , building operation , or building occupancy relevant to lowering energy consumption .
TITLE II -- GRID-ENABLED WATER HEATERS
( Sec . 201 ) The bill amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to provide energy conservation standards for grid-enabled water heaters for use as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program , which is a program that enables customers to reduce or shift their power use during peak demand periods . Labeling and reporting requirements concerning the heaters are also established .
The manufacturer or private labeler of these heaters must provide the activation keys for the heaters only to a utility or other program operator that uses those heaters .
DOE must publish an analysis that assesses the extent to which the heaters are put into use in the program . If sales of the heaters exceed by at least 15 % the quantity of the heaters activated for use in the program , DOE must establish procedures to prevent the diversion of heaters for non-program purposes .
The requirements for grid-enabled water heaters must remain in effect until DOE determines : ( 1 ) grid-enabled water heaters do not require a separate efficiency requirement ; or ( 2 ) sales of grid-enabled water heaters exceed by at least 15 % the quantity of the heaters activated for use in demand response and thermal storage programs annually and procedures to prevent product diversion for non-program purposes would not be adequate to prevent the product diversion .
It shall be unlawful for any person to : ( 1 ) enable a grid-enabled water heater to operate at its designed specification and capabilities with knowledge that it is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program , or ( 2 ) knowingly remove or render illegible the label of a grid-enabled water heater .
TITLE III -- ENERGY INFORMATION FOR COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS
( Sec . 301 ) A federal agency leasing space in a building without an Energy Star label must include in its lease provisions requirements that the space 's energy efficiency be measured against a nationally-recognized benchmark . The agency must also meet certain energy consumption information disclosure requirements .
DOE must study and report on the impact of : ( 1 ) state and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies , and any associated building efficiency policies , for commercial and multifamily buildings ; and ( 2 ) programs and systems in which utilities provide aggregated information regarding whole building energy consumption and usage information to owners of multitenant buildings . The study must identify best practice policy approaches that have resulted in the greatest improvements in building energy efficiency .
DOE must maintain a database for storing and making available public energy-related information on commercial and multifamily buildings .
DOE must report on the progress made in complying with these information requirements within two years and biennially thereafter .
Turkish-backed Syrian rebels seized several villages from ISIS near the town of al-Rai , from where the rebel groups launched a new operation against the militants earlier on Saturday , a rebel official said .
“ They took several villages , about eight villages . At first they took two and withdrew from them , but then reinforcements came and there was an advance , ” Zakaria Malahifji of the Aleppo-based Fastaqim group told Reuters .
The areas seized were to the east and south of al-Rai , which is 2 km ( 1 mile ) from the Turkish border .
Earlier , the Hamza Brigade , a group fighting under the banner of the Free Syrian Army , said it had taken control of Arab Ezza , a village near which Turkish warplanes carried out air strikes on Friday .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group confirmed the rebels had taken Arab Ezza and said they had seized at least one other village nearby .
More Turkish tanks enter Syria
Turkey on Saturday also sent more tanks into the northern Syrian village of al-Rai to fight ISIS extremists , opening a new front after its intervention last month against the group , state media reported .
The tanks crossed into the village from the Turkish border town of Kilis to provide military support to Syrian opposition fighters after ridding northern villages of extremists in its “ Euphrates Shield ” operation launched on Aug. 24 , state-run Anadolu news agency said .
Meanwhile , Dogan news agency said Turkish tanks crossed into northern Syria from Kilis province on Saturday , while howitzers pounded ISIS positions in the area .
The tanks crossed the border near the Turkish village of Cobanbey , which lies across from al-Rai , Dogan said .
A Reuters cameraman in the area earlier heard a repeated booming sound and saw plumes of smoke rising from the Syrian side of the border .
Turkey has said it has no plans to stay in Syria and simply aims to protect its frontier from the militant group and the Kurdish YPG militia , which it sees as an extension of the outlawed Kurdish PKK group fighting an insurgency on Turkish soil .
“ Nobody can expect us to allow a terror corridor on our southern border , ” President Tayyip Erdoğan told a news conference .
Turkish forces and their Syrian rebel allies began the Aug. 24 offensive by seizing Jarablus , a Syrian frontier town , from ISIS , before turning their sights on what the army said were YPG positions . The YPG denied they were there .
In an interview with Reuters on Friday , Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus called on the United States to put more pressure on the YPG to return east of the Euphrates river , a move that Turkey hopes would keep the Kurdish militia in check .
Clearing territory
The Turkish military said its warplanes had bombed three sites around the Syrian settlements of Arab Ezza and al-Ghundura , west of Jarablus , roughly in the center of the 90-km stretch of territory that Turkey says it aims to clear .
The government has not said it wants to establish a “ buffer zone ” but its forces are likely to have to stay in the region for some time to support the Syrian rebels it is backing who number just 1,500 .
Erdoğan said the Turkish operation dubbed “ Euphrates Shield ” had been successful in clearing ISIS and Kurdish YPG from a 400-sq-km ( 150-square mile ) area .
They denied claims that the YPG , which Ankara calls a terrorist group , had withdrawn to a Kurdish-controlled canton to the east of the Euphrates river , a key Turkish demand .
The YPG says it has already removed its forces from the area of the Turkish-backed campaign . US officials have also said it has mostly withdrawn its forces to the east of the Euphrates , a natural boundary cutting through northern Syria .
“ At the moment , they are saying the YPG has crossed ( the Euphrates ) , ” Erdoğan said . “ We are saying no they did n't . The proof depends on our own observation . ”
Their comments were echoed by Kurtulmus , the deputy prime minister , who spoke to Reuters while on a visit to Chicago . They urged the United States to work with its NATO ally Turkey on “ all different terrorist threats , ” a reference to their stark differences in Syria policy .
“ We would like to see the pressure of the US on the PYD to go to the east of the Euphrates , ” they said . “ So it would be very useful if we would apply this operation with the US forces together . ”
( With AFP , Reuters )
Last Update : Saturday , 3 September 2016 KSA 22:05 - GMT 19:05
A tourist walks under the lanterns along a street ahead of the Chinese Lunar New Year outside Raohe street Night Market in Taipei , Taiwan Thomson Reuters SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - China 's tourism industry saw revenues of 423.3 billion yuan ( $ 61.55 billion ) during the recent Lunar New Year festival , up 15.9 percent against last year , the China National Tourism Administration ( CNTA ) said late on Thursday .
The rate of growth , driven by 344 million domestic tourist trips , was , however , slightly slower than the 16.3 percent rise seen in the corresponding year-ago period . Trips abroad over the period increased more moderately with around 6.15 million outbound Chinese tourists , up around 7 percent , CNTA said .
China 's tourism industry is key to the country 's shift towards a more services-driven economy and is a useful indicator of the strength of consumer spending . The domestic sector raked in 3.9 trillion yuan in 2016 , which Beijing wants to raise to 7 trillion yuan by 2020 , official news agency Xinhua said .
China 's retail and catering firms saw sales over the week-long holiday of around 840 billion yuan , the commerce ministry said in a separate statement , up 11.4 percent over 2016 .
Lunar New Year in China is closely watched as it marks a spike in tourism and retail spending as millions of people return home or go on vacation domestically or overseas .
( $ 1 = 6.8768 Chinese yuan renminbi )
( Reporting by Adam Jourdan ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
Fox News host Tucker Carlson appeared on right-wing conspiracy enthusiast Alex Jones ' radio show on Friday . The two men shared their paranoia about Latino immigrants , dubbing them the new Ku Klux Klan .
“ I 've looked at the Democratic Party and I 've looked at the demographics , ” Jones said on their radio program , which airs via the Genesis Communication Network . “ Now , I 've always been non-partisan , but you can see they 're going to get rid of the Republican Party right now . They are making it commit suicide and the Republicans are absolutely helping in this . ”
Jones then told their version of the history of the Republicans ' “ Southern Strategy , ” in which segregationists abandoned the Democratic Party for the Republicans during racial integration . Republicans used the influx of racist whites to gain electoral dominance in the former slave states .
“ And the Democrats went from being the Ku Klux Klan party on race with Sen. [ John ] Byrd [ D-VA ] and all of them , ” Jones said , “ to literally going , ‘ Okay , we 're gon na go race politic with the minorities , make them the majority . ' ”
As a result , they said , “ we as Republicans , as Libertarians , or as white people ” are made to feel guilty and “ beat ourselves with whips on the head ” for being white .
“ And meanwhile , the Democrats have just recreated the Ku Klux Klan movement , ” they continued , “ but they 've done it with minorities . ”
“ Yeah , there 's a lot of truth in that , ” agreed Carlson . “ I wish there were n't . I mean , there 's no question that the country is more race conscious than it was when I was a kid . I thought we were moving away…I mean , I hate segregation . ”
“ Clarence Thomas said that and got demonized last week , ” Jones said .
“ It 's just factually true , ” Carlson said .
Watch video about this story , embedded below :
[ Correction : A previous version of this article incorrectly described Alex Jones radio show as “ Internet-only . ” ]
The Sustainability in Prisons Project ( SPP ) is a partnership founded by the Washington State Department of Corrections and The Evergreen State College . Their mission is to bring science and nature into prisons through ecological research and conserve biodiversity and reduce the environmental , economic , and human costs of prisons by inspiring and informing sustainable practices . Food Tank will be sharing posts from SPP , highlighting their in-prison gardening programs . These programs grow produce for the prisons ' kitchens and local food banks , and bring beauty and diversity to the prison yard .
The Monroe Correctional Complex is using worms to reduce food waste disposal costs while also providing a meaningful science and sustainability education and work program for offenders .
Currently at 5 million worms , the vermiculture program can process 10,000 pounds of food scraps per month , resulting in a cost reduction of more than 25 percent . This translates into big savings for the prison , which previously spent US $ 60,000 a year on food waste disposal before several sustainability initiatives began .
In January of 2010 , staff and offenders developed the vermiculture program by collecting just 200 red wiggler worms ( Eisenia fetida ) for three small breeding bins built by offenders . Very little funding has been invested in the program . As the worm population grew , new and improved models of worm bins were built by converting discarded barrels , old laundry carts , food carts , and recycled mattress materials . This indoor commercial-sized “ Wormery ” currently has more than 170 worm bins designed and built by offenders . Seventeen of the bins are “ flow-through ” style . The flow-through bins are primarily built from re-purposed materials by offenders , whereas they would typically retail at more than US $ 5,000 each .
This program provides other benefits , including the by-products produced by the worms . Worm castings ( worm manure ) are a valuable , high-quality organic fertilizer sought after in the organic gardening market . The “ Wormery ” also produces 400 gallons of worm tea fertilizer per week . The worm castings and worm tea are used in the several acres of gardens at Monroe Correctional Complex .
Studies have shown that offenders who participate in horticulture programs while incarcerated have a lower rate of recidivism . Offenders develop important vocational and life skills . The worm technicians at MCC wrote an operations manual that is now available to assist other institutions in starting new vermiculture programs . They have also developed an extensive breeding program capable of exporting worms to other Washington institutions , agencies or schools . Thus far , Washington State Penitentiary and Stafford Creek Corrections Center have received worms as a result of this program .
Links to other articles in this series :
Prison Inmates Gardening at Cedar Creek Correctional Center : A Volunteer 's Perspective
Worm Farm Wisdom : Growing Plants ( and People ) That Are Full of Life
Compost and Prison : “ Healing began at the very place I thought my life might end ”
print
Join the Conversation :
- Portions of the Los Gatos Creek Trail in Campbell and Los Gatos are now closed because of spillover from the Lexington Reservoir , which reached capacity Tuesday . The time the Lexington Reservoir was this full was back in 2011 before the drought .
Harvey Christensen has lived in Los Gatos 55 years . They were among the visitors who braved the heavy rain and high winds to see the reservoir like this firsthand .
“ It 's just awesome , ” said Harvey Christensen of Los Gatos . “ It 's good to see this . We need the rain . ”
According to the Santa Clara Valley Water District , it is one of four reservoirs Santa Clara County now at capacity and spilling due to the series of storms .
“ It 's causing some issues because the ground is so saturated and our reservoirs a lot of them are full , ” said Marty Grimes of the Santa Clara Valley Water District .
The Lexington Reservoir is so full , it 's releasing over the spillway and into the Los Gatos Creek , forcing parts of the popular walking and bike trail near the creek to be closed for safety concerns .
`` Some parts of the trail are certainly going to be underwater so people should not be using those trails and staying away from those areas that are close to the creek , ” said Grimes .
The wet weather also caused problems with downed trees . Crews were busy in Los Gatos cleaning up a large tree on Winchester and Newell that fell onto the roadway . High winds also made driving difficult .
“ This is pretty incredible weather , ” said Ray Gapasin of Campbell . “ We have n't seen anything like this in more than 10 years maybe . ”
“ We are excited that California is finally recovering from the drought , ” said Jelena Gapasin of Campbell .
Back at the reservoir , the Gapasin family called the intense rain an encouraging sign . Other residents looked forward to a few days of drying out .
`` I think we can have a little less , ” said Christensen . “ Let it soak in . We do n't need all of this rain . ”
Besides the Los Gatos Creek , emergency officials are also monitoring the Uvas and Little Llagas Creeks in south Santa Clara County . The water district does n't it expect it to reach the flood warning stage , but are keeping an eye out .
Finding dog poo in public places and picking it up before it can besmirch a sole probably is n't high on the list of things humanity needs to get better at , but that has n't stopped Dutch folk throwing two drones at the problem .
Dog enthusiast website Tinki.nl and an outfit called Space53 cooked up the idea of a “ Watchdog 1 ” autonomous aerial vehicle that packs thermal imaging kit capable of spotting a fresh – ahem – deposit 's infrared glow and then recording its location .
That data 's then sent to “ Patroldog 1 ” , a rolling drone that scoops up poo so it wo n't end up on your shoe and , in the worst-case scenario , inside your body where a pooch 's parasites , viruses and other nasties could have unpleasant consequences .
The two outfits were motivated by calculations that Dutch dogs alone poo about 1.3 billion times a year , creating about 126 million kilograms of the stuff .
Why the Dutch , or the world , needs this technology is n't explained . Indeed , in your correspondent 's Australian home , we employ a different technology : plastic bag dispensers are now common as muck in parks designated as off-leash areas for dogs . They 're also commonly carried by dog owners . A backup technology – terse remarks directed at the non-compliant – helps thing along .
But enough of that cynical practicality and insistence on personal responsibility . Instead , let us bask in the knowledge that humanity possesses the wit and resources to make pooper-scooper drones possible .
There 's a video of the scooper here . ®
Inter Milan are considering a £38million offer for West Ham 's Dimitri Payet .
Flush with a £220m investment from Chinese company Suning Commerce Group , the Italian side are keen to add a stellar name to Roberto Mancini 's squad .
Payet has reaffirmed their position as one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe during Euro 2016 after an outstanding season at West Ham .
Inter Milan are considering a £38million offer for West Ham and France playmaker Dimitri Payet
The Italian side , flush with new investment , are keen to add a stellar name to Roberto Mancini 's squad
The 29-year-old was named in the PFA Team of the Year after scoring 12 goals in 38 games in their debut season in England and West Ham value them highly .
They rewarded them with a revised five-and-a-half-year contract in February and have no desire to sell .
Slaven Bilic though is wary that Europe 's elite are starting to take greater notice and that bigger offers could follow .
Inter finished fourth in Serie A last season and have also discussed the possibility of signing Alex Teixeira from Jiangsu Suning . The Brazilian only joined Jiangsu in February for £38m from Shakhtar Dontesk after the Ukraine club priced Liverpool out of a move .
Inter , meanwhile , are in talks to sell defender Davide Santon to Crystal Palace and centre-back Juan Jesus to Watford .
Payet has re-affirmed their position as one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe during Euro 2016
House lawmakers voted overwhelmingly last night to strip police officers , teachers , and other municipal employees of most of their rights to bargain over health care , saying the change would save millions of dollars for financially strapped cities and towns .
The 111-to-42 vote followed tougher measures to broadly eliminate collective bargaining rights for public employees in Ohio , Wisconsin , and other states . But unlike those efforts , the push in Massachusetts was led by Democrats who have traditionally stood with labor to oppose any reduction in workers ' rights .
Unions fought hard to stop the bill , launching a radio ad that assailed the plan and warning legislators that if they voted for the measure , they could lose their union backing in the next election . After the vote , labor leaders accused House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo and other Democrats of turning their backs on public employees .
“ It 's pretty stunning , '' said Robert J. Haynes , president of the Massachusetts AFL-CIO . “ These are the same Democrats that all these labor unions elected . The same Democrats who we contributed to in their campaigns . The same Democrats who tell us over and over again that they 're with us , that they believe in collective bargaining , that they believe in unions . . . . It 's a done deal for our relationship with the people inside that chamber . ''
“ We are going to fight this thing to the bitter end , '' they added . “ Massachusetts is not the place that takes collective bargaining away from public employees . ''
The battle now turns to the Senate , where President Therese Murray has indicated that they are reluctant to strip workers of their right to bargain over their health care plans .
DeLeo said the House measure would save $ 100 million for cities and towns in the upcoming budget year , helping them avoid layoffs and reductions in services . They called their plan one of the most significant reforms the state can adopt to help control escalating health care costs .
“ By spending less on the health care costs of municipal employees , our cities and towns will be able to retain jobs and allot more funding to necessary services like education and public safety , '' they said in a statement .
Last night , as union leaders lobbied against the plan , DeLeo offered two concessions intended to shore up support from wavering legislators .
The first concession gives public employees 30 days to discuss changes to their health plans with local officials , instead of allowing the officials to act without any input from union members . But local officials would still , at the end of that period , be able to impose their changes unilaterally .
New Orleans Saints outside linebacker Junior Galette ( 93 ) , Saints vs Colts 2014
New Orleans Saints outside linebacker Junior Galette ( 93 ) takes down Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck ( 12 ) during game at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis , In . Saturday , August 23 , 2014 . ( David Grunfeld , NOLA.com / The Times-Picayune )
( David Grunfeld , NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune )
New Orleans Saints outside linebacker Junior Galette denied a report on Tuesday that they had agreed to a contract extension with the team .
`` Rumors . I have n't agreed to anything , '' they told NOLA.com 's Larry Holder via text . `` Trust me . I 'm more shocked den u r ( than you are ) . ''
Rand Getlin of Yahoo Sports reported on Twitter Tuesday that Galette had reached an agreement for an extension .
Galette 's agent , Alvin Keels , later chimed in on Twitter with another denial : `` We have not agreed to a deal with the Saints for Junior Galette ! ! ! ! ! '' they wrote .
Galette originally signed with the Saints as an undrafted free agent in 2010 . They had their best season in 2013 , making 50 tackles and 12 sacks .
Galette signed a three-year contract with the Saints as a restricted free agent on March 9 , 2013 . The contract reportedly included a $ 2.7 million signing bonus , roster bonuses and a provision allowing them to void the final year of the deal if they meet certain goals .
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
AMY GOODMAN : This is Democracy Now ! , democracynow.org , The War and Peace Report . I 'm Amy Goodman , as we bring you Part 2 of our look at this massive investigation by In These Times magazine that looks at—well , it 's called “ The Police Killings No One Is Talking About. ” The special investigation is done by journalist Stephanie Woodard . What inspired you to do this , Stephanie ?
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Well , I had been reporting—I have been reporting in Indian country for quite a while , probably 16 or 17 years . And I had certainly heard about incidences of police brutality throughout the years , and they had informed other pieces , but I had never really gotten to dig into that as an issue . And In These Times was very much interested in doing that . So , we moved ahead .
And , you know , one thing I wanted to do was go back to the question that you had about the power of tribe in all of this , because one thing that I found when I visited the Puyallups—you may also have seen on the Dakota Access pipeline , in the camp there , the people who are opposing the pipeline—and that is that tribes—I think , for many mainstream people , tribes are little groups of people somewhere—they 're not really sure exactly where , they 're not sure who they are , they 're probably different in some way , and so on . They 're sort of a mystery . And that may be part of why the mainstream media , the legacy media , does n't cover them very much . However , tribes themselves see themselves as big umbrellas , as flight attendants . I mean , certainly , the Standing Rock Sioux and their supporters , they do n't want that pipeline because it will—it will jeopardize their water , but they 're also thinking about the tens of millions of people downstream , and they 're thinking about the Earth and climate justice and bigger issues , as well .
And when I got out to Tacoma and met the Puyallup people , their name for themselves in their old language is “ the welcoming and generous people. ” And their family meetings that they started having on a regular basis after Jackie was killed—and a lot of it had to do with the shock and trying to figure out their grief and how do they come to grips with this—gradually those started to attract other people who had been through the same thing in their regions—some other tribal members , African Americans , Latinos , labor organizers , who—there 's certainly a long and violent history of labor organizing in Tacoma , like along the waterfront and so on . And so , a lot of people were coming to these meetings . And at the one that I attended , it was a—you know , it was the rainbow of people . And they—what they did was they set up a traditional talking circle , and everyone went around and told their story and said what was on their minds and where they were at . And there was a lot of mutual support . And a number of the women said to me afterward that they felt like they were safe on the reservation , that they had a place where they could just say what was on their mind . And then , afterwards , everyone broke bread together . As a matter of fact , Jim , that morning , the photographer , and I had been out on the crab boat , where they had set the traps for the crabs for that night 's meal . And so , they were fed a meal that included traditional Puyallup foods fresh from the sea . And so that there is a sense of tribes thinking of themselves as , as I said , big umbrellas that can bring a lot of people along . And that 's one of the first things that Jim said to me , is that when the tribe—not just the individual tribal members who were interested , but the tribe as a government—got involved , they said , “ We realized that we could bring a lot of people along with us. ” And in a fairly recent and good development , one of their tribal councilmembers has been named to a state task force on police brutality and , you know , having—
AMY GOODMAN : In Washington state .
STEPHANIE WOODARD : In Washington , yeah .
AMY GOODMAN : And , of course , we 're talking about the January 28th police killing—
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : —of Jackie Salyers in Tacoma .
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Of Jackie Salyers , yeah .
AMY GOODMAN : And people can go to democracynow.org to see the full discussion along with their uncle , James Rideout . I wanted to ask you about another case , and it 's the case of Jeanetta Riley , this in Sandpoint , Idaho .
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : What happened to them in 2014 ?
STEPHANIE WOODARD : They were a young woman , early thirties . They were homeless and pregnant and distraught . And they had been threatening suicide that day . Them husband drove them in their van to a nearby hospital , where they thought they could get help . They went in . They talked to the desk . They put the hospital on lockdown . They called the police . Police showed up very quickly and got out of their cars . Within a minute of the time they arrived and within 15 seconds of them exiting their cars , they had been shot dead .
And it was—it was something that you see over and over again in terms of people who are undergoing a mental health crisis . And this is something that mental health advocates have pointed out , that approximately 25 percent nationwide of the people who are shot by police are having some kind of mental health episode—they 're threatening suicide , they 're off their meds , they 're acting out in some fashion . Family or friends calls for help . They may even specify that this is a mental health crisis . And , unluckily , in many cases , officers show up—a lot of officers . They jump out of their cars . They shout , as they did to Jeanetta . A lot of conflicting instructions . They had a knife in their hand , a small knife , with which they were threatening suicide . “ Drop the knife , ” “ Walk toward us , ” “ Show us your hands , ” “ Do this and that , ” they 're all shouting , through them . And then they shot them
AMY GOODMAN : So , wait a second . They kill her—
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Yeah .
AMY GOODMAN : —so that they do n't kill herself ?
STEPHANIE WOODARD : No . In the investigation that follows these kinds of incidents , usually what the police say is that they kill the person so that the person does not kill them . They usually stress how frightened they are of the person in that particular situation . Jeanetta's—some attorneys for Jeanetta 's children pointed out that they weighed about a hundred pounds , they were five feet tall . They closed in on them They did not rush toward them . And so , they , in essence , created a situation that they felt they needed to shoot their way out of . And that—I talked to someone who was a beat cop and then a homicide detective in Washington , D.C. , and now they are a consultant on a variety of criminal justice matters . Their name is Jim Trainum . And they said that police are generally trained to rush into a situation , and then they may often feel , having rushed in , that the only thing they can do is shoot their way out of it .
And there are , on the horizon , some interesting new models that may start to chip away at that . One is called crisis intervention training , where police are literally trained to slow down , take cover , assess the situation , secure the scene , get the help of a mental health professional . Another one pairs police with mental health professionals right from the get-go , so they leave together . And then , the goal is not to kill the person , but to get them someplace where they can be evaluated .
AMY GOODMAN : You begin your article : “ Suquamish tribe descendant Jeanetta Riley , a 34-year-old mother of four , lay facedown on a Sandpoint , Idaho , street . One minute earlier , three police officers had arrived , summoned by staff ” —
STEPHANIE WOODARD : At the hospital where their husband had taken her , yeah .
AMY GOODMAN : And here you had Riley—homeless , pregnant , history of mental illness—threatening suicide . They had a knife in their right hand and was sitting in the couple 's parked car . Them partner had gone inside .
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Right . And then , at a certain point—
AMY GOODMAN : To help—to the hospital , to get help for them
STEPHANIE WOODARD : To the hospital , yeah . And then , at a certain point in all of this , they did get out of the car . Yeah , OK .
AMY GOODMAN : “ Wearing body armor and armed with an assault rifle ” —
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Yeah .
AMY GOODMAN : — ” and Glock pistols , ” —
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : — ” the officers quickly closed in on Riley— ”
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : — ” one moving down the sidewalk toward the van , the other two crossing the roadway . They shouted instructions [ at ] her—to walk toward them , show them their hands . Cursing them , they refused .
“ 'Drop the knife ! ' they yelled …
“ They pumped two shots into their chest and another into their back as they fell to the pavement . Fifteen seconds had elapsed from the time they exited their vehicles . ”
STEPHANIE WOODARD : The speed of the interaction is very common in a lot of these interactions , whether they are mental health crisis-related or there 's some other issue involved . And mental health professionals , Bonnie Duran , for example , a University of Washington professor I talked to in the story , you know , obviously , say there has to be another way . In terms of the scientific research on whether crisis intervention training for the officers or pairing the officers with a professional is the better way to go , we still do n't really know yet . But there does seem to be some improvement possible . What they said was that , really , what we should do is being—is invested more in social services that mean that these—the people who are in those situations never get into those situations , that there 's help before a police officer has to be sent to deal with it .
AMY GOODMAN : And as we wrap up , Stephanie , what were you most surprised by in this investigation ?
STEPHANIE WOODARD : Well , I think the mental health piece was a big surprise , the jeopardy that anyone with any kind of mental health problem is in in an encounter with police . In a difficult situation like that , where it is all happening in seconds , it is extremely difficult for an individual who obviously has never been in that situation before , is n't trained , to figure out how to respond—what will keep them safe , what will keep them alive . And they may just simply make a mistake .
And then , the other thing , I think , was a positive thing , and that is the power of a tribe to effect positive change and to bring other people along with them who come to them for—for shelter in very difficult times . And that was very moving , and I thought it was a very powerful thing that the Puyallups are doing , along with their initiative , which is a very practical thing—to change the law .
AMY GOODMAN : Stephanie Woodard , I want to thank you for being with us , award-winning journalist who covers human rights and culture , with an emphasis on Native Americans . Them recent article , a special investigation for in In These Times , “ The Police Killings No One Is Talking About. ” And we 'll link to that .
Also , you can go to democracynow.org for Part 1 of our conversation on this chilling subject . This is Democracy Now ! I 'm Amy Goodman .
LOS ANGELES - As DeMarcus Cousins picked up Ryan Anderson , pitting the burly center on the Rockets ' marksman , Anderson looked to the backcourt to where James Harden was bringing the ball up and had noticed the same thing .
Harden did not call out a play or signal for any sort of action . But they and Anderson caught each other 's eye and knew just what to do .
Harden took the ball to the middle of the floor and Anderson quickly moved in to set a screen . But Anderson never actually set it . Cousins moved to their left . Anderson rapidly backed away , taking Harden 's quick pass at the 3-point line and firing away before Cousins could rush back .
Anderson was not shying away from contact with Cousins ' 6-11 mountain of muscle . This was a part of Mike D'Antoni 's offense rarely mentioned , but as integral as fast-breaking or shooting 3s .
The Rockets run more pick-and-rolls and pick-and-pops than any NBA team . But they usually do n't actually set a pick .
From Clint Capela rolling to the rim to Anderson back-pedaling to the 3-point line , if the Rockets see a big man move themselves out of position , rather than standing still to set a screen , they move rapidly to take advantage , a part of D'Antoni 's offense that teams are adopting the way they did their pace-and-space style a decade ago .
`` He is the first person I 've ever seen teach the basic elements of pick-and-roll differently , '' said Hornets coach Steve Clifford , an assistant under D'Antoni in Los Angeles who now uses the style with their big men in Charlotte . `` Offense , it always was you want a solid screen that sets up the guy with the ball 's ability to create separation . That sets up the roll . They do it , as soon as you hear the defensive player ( call out of the defense ) and that guy moves , you go then .
`` With them , their best plays , they do n't screen . He 's the first person in this league to teach it like that . It makes the pick-and-roll quicker and for a lot of guys , it 's a much better way to play . ''
D'Antoni 's Suns used the tactic extensively with Steve Nash and Amar 's Stoudemire . But it is so important to the Rockets offense , it gets Anderson open against defenses that know they are there to shoot 3s and has freed Capela going to the rim so reliably that they are making 65.1 percent of their shots , the second-best shooting percentage in the NBA .
The Rockets not only take more 3s than any team ever has , Harden passing to Capela has led to more dunks than any combination in the NBA . Most begin with no pick pick-and-rolls .
`` I do n't need to stay to set the screen , '' Capela said . `` I only stay when the defender is actually in front of James . But when they step that way , I know all I have to do is dive . That creates a situation it 's two-on-one with James handling the ball and I get lobs .
`` Past coaches , they wanted me to set the screen . I always knew that sometimes you do n't need to set it because the defender is thinking about you setting it . You 're already open . That sometimes opens our shooters and sometimes I 'm open for the lob pass . ''
With Anderson , if their man is expected to `` hedge '' or `` hard show , '' defenses in which a big man steps out to help on Harden off the dribble , Anderson can read that and back away before their man can get out to them at the 3-point line .
`` It depends on how the defense is guarding , '' Anderson said . `` I can slip the screen and get right out of there . It messes up the coverage . I go to screen , feel where my defender is guarding me and get out of that screen as fast as possible . James does a really good job reading what I 'm going to do .
`` There are occasions it 's important to hit the man . If a team likes to show ( having a big man step out on Harden ) really hard , I can go in there and hit James ' man and he 's got a wide open path to the lane if they 're worried about getting back to me . ''
D'Antoni does not mind a good , traditional , hard screen . But the idea is to get open shots for their big men at the rim , their shooters at the 3-point line or Harden on the move , not to have bodies banging into one another . If the Rockets are in position to get the shots they want , they do not expect them to stand still because the X on their drawing board does .
`` The reason you set a pick is to get the point guard or whoever has the ball an advantage , '' D'Antoni said . `` Defenses are being taught now that when you see the pick and it 's being called out , you jump to the position . That gives the offense an advantage . The big helps . Just go . You get a two-step head start . You do n't get tangled up with people . You just go . ''
With that , the Rockets get the shots they want most , 3-pointers and shots in the lane .
`` Our offense is movement , making the defense work , '' Anderson said . `` Everybody talks about a fast pace . But the pace is n't just about … fast-break layups . It means making decisions on the fly , reading how the play goes . Sometimes I 'm reading the play and James and I will make eye contact .
`` That 's essentially our offense . ''
Suspected members of Vishva Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) Sunday morning pelted stones at Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan 's car , which was parked at hotel Hyatt Regency on Ashram Road here . So far , police have arrested three of the “ 8-10 VHP members ” booked in this connection .
Advertising
VHP and several right-wing groups have been protesting the shooting of Shah Rukh 's upcoming movie Raees in Gujarat . These groups are upset over the actor 's comment on “ growing intolerence ” in India in November last year .
According to police , 8-10 people , who were on motorcycles , threw stones inside Hyatt Regency 's open parking lot where the actor 's car was parked and fled from the spot .
The incident took place at around 4.30 am .
At the time of stone pelting , the actor was not in the hotel . They reached Ahmedabad in the afternoon .
A case in this regard was registered by Wadaj Police Station on the basis of a complaint lodged by Hitendrasinh Gadhvi , fire officer at the hotel .
According to police , two of the arrested accused — Nilesh Arya and Jwalit Mehta — are active VHP workers .
The Gujarat unit of VHP , according to PTI , claimed responsibility for the incident . Its state spokesperson Raju Patel said the VHP activists threw stones at Shah Rukh 's car as part of their ongoing protest against him .
Assistant Commissioner of Police B U Jadeja said : “ The damaged car was of Shah Rukh Khan . Nilesh Arya and Jwalit Mehta are active members of the VHP whereas , the rest are small VHP workers . ”
Advertising
According to Wadaj police inspector V G Rathod , “ A case of rioting has been registered against 8-10 persons and process is on to arrest them . ”
The controversial Arizona sheriff was found guilty of criminal contempt of court for refusing to stop traffic patrols targeting suspected undocumented immigrants . House Speaker Paul Ryan criticized the decision on Saturday .
Brian Snyder / Reuters Trump and Arpaio in January 2016 .
President Donald Trump on Friday pardoned former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio , rewarding a vocal political supporter who was convicted of contempt of court for refusing to halt a policing tactic to catch undocumented immigrants . The controversial 85-year-old former Maricopa County sheriff , who lost reelection in 2016 after 23 years in office , was found guilty of criminal contempt in July for defying a federal judge 's order to stop detaining people based on suspicion of their immigration status when there was no evidence that they had broken a state law . Facing up to six months in prison for the misdemeanor offense , Arpaio 's lawyers had said they would appeal . The White House , however , issued this statement : Today , President Donald J. Trump granted a Presidential pardon to Joe Arpaio , former Sheriff of Maricopa County , Arizona . Arpaio 's life and career , which began at the age of 18 when they enlisted in the military after the outbreak of the Korean War , exemplify selfless public service . After serving in the Army , Arpaio became a police officer in Washington , D.C. and Las Vegas , NV and later served as a Special Agent for the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , formerly the Bureau of Narcotics . After 25 years of admirable service , Arpaio went on to lead the DEA 's branch in Arizona .
In 1992 , the problems facing their community pulled Arpaio out of retirement to return to law enforcement . They ran and won a campaign to become Sheriff of Maricopa County . Throughout their time as Sheriff , Arpaio continued their life 's work of protecting the public from the scourges of crime and illegal immigration . Sheriff Joe Arpaio is now eighty-five years old , and after more than fifty years of admirable service to our Nation , they are a worthy candidate for a Presidential pardon . Trump later tweeted the news , calling Arpaio a `` patriot . '' `` He kept Arizona safe ! '' Trump wrote .
On Saturday , House Speaker Paul Ryan criticized Trump 's pardon .
“ The speaker does not agree with the decision , ” Ryan spokesperson Doug Andres said in a statement . “ Law-enforcement officials have a special responsibility to respect the rights of everyone in the United States . We should not allow anyone to believe that responsibility is diminished by this pardon. ” Ryan 's criticism was first reported by the Wall Street Journal .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's office referred BuzzFeed News to the White House when asked for comment on where the senator stood on Trump 's decision to pardon Arpaio .
The Washington Post reported Saturday that Trump had previously been advised by the Department of Justice that dropping the criminal case against Arpaio would be inappropriate .
Carlos Garcia , an activist with Puente Arizona , a group that was at the center of organizing against Arpaio , said this is more than just the pardon of a criminal .
“ It ties Trump to the white supremacist that is Sheriff Arpaio , and now Trump is showing us who they really are , ” Garcia told BuzzFeed News . “ It 's an affirmation that President Trump believes that what Sheriff Arpaio did to our community was right. ” Garcia said Arpaio instituted policies that racially profiled Latinos and encouraged deputies to abuse their power in immigrant communities . “ What Sheriff Arpaio did was not just an attack on undocumented people — their attack was on all brown people , ” Garcia said . “ This should serve as a warning to everyone that Trump will probably do something similar to what Sheriff Arpaio did in Maricopa County . ”
Sandy Huffaker / Reuters
Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton called the pardon a `` slap in the face to the people of Maricopa County , especially the Latino community and those they victimized as they systematically and illegally violated their rights . '' `` This is not a proud day for Phoenix , but I 'm proud that our city is moving on and moving forward from the divisiveness that defined the Arpaio era , '' they added . Thomas A. Saenz , president and general counsel for the Mexican American Legal Defense Educational Fund , also blasted the president 's decision , and called the Friday night announcement of the pardon an attempt to bury news of the decision . `` In a craven and gratuitous abuse of presidential power , Donald Trump issued a Friday-night pardon to an adjudicated discriminator and disgraced former sheriff , '' Saenz said in a statement . `` He waited until Friday night , traditionally the night politicians bury their most embarrassing revelations to avoid weekday attention in the news . '' Trump 's decision , while sure to be controversial , is not surprising : The president has repeatedly signaled their intention to pardon the Arizona sheriff .
`` Was Sheriff Joe convicted for doing their job ? '' Trump asked a crowd of boisterous supporters at a Phoenix rally on Aug. 23 . `` He should have had a jury , but I 'll make a prediction : I think he 's going to be just fine . I 'm not going to do it tonight because I do n't want to cause any controversy … but they should feel fine . ''
Trump also told Fox News on Aug. 13 that they were `` seriously considering '' pardoning Arpaio , who endorsed them during the 2016 election . `` He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration , '' Trump said . `` He 's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him . '' The office of the presidency has immense pardon power . On Friday night , Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior told BuzzFeed News , `` The president exercised their lawful authority and we respect their decision . ''
Scott Olson / Getty Images
Arpaio had told the Arizona Republic newspaper on Aug. 9 that they would welcome a pardon , but was not expressly asking for one . `` Many , many people around the country are saying , 'Trump should pardon , ' '' Arpaio said . “ I have not called them on this issue . I 'm sure I could . ... I 'm with him , pardon no pardon , and not asking him . Although , as I said , many other people are asking him. ” On Friday , after hearing they would be pardoned , Arpaio told the Arizona Republica they were now inspired to continue their career in politics . `` I told my wife that I was through with politics , '' they told the Republic . `` But now I 've decided I 'm not through with politics because of what 's happening . I did n't ask for a pardon . It has nothing to do with a pardon . I 've been saying this for the last couple of months . I 've got a lot to offer . ''
Thank you @ realdonaldtrump for seeing my conviction for what it is : a political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department !
Arpaio then tweeted their thanks to Trump , blaming their conviction on a `` political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department . '' They then asked their supporters to donate money . Arpaio , who dubbed themselves `` America 's toughest sheriff , '' established a polarizing national profile for their hardline stance on undocumented immigrants . Though federal authorities are tasked with enforcing immigration laws , Arpaio ordered their deputies to check the legal status of people they encountered . Deputies were instructed to arrest undocumented individuals and turn them over to immigration authorities for deportation , even if they had committed no crime other than lacking documentation . When the ACLU sued Arpaio , accusing them of conducting racial profiling and violating the constitution , a federal district judge ordered the sheriff in 2011 to halt the practice . When Arpaio publicly refused to do so , the judge found them to be in civil contempt of court and recommended the criminal charge . In July , another federal judge convicted them of contempt of court , finding Arpaio had shown a `` flagrant disregard '' for the law and had `` willfully violated the [ 2011 ] order . '' On Friday , ACLU Deputy Legal Director Cecilia Wang said that with their decision , the president had `` chosen lawlessness over justice , division over unity , hurt over healing . '' `` Once again , the president has acted in support of illegal , failed , immigration enforcement practices that target people of color and have been struck down by the courts , '' Wang said . `` His pardon of Arpaio is a presidential endorsement of racism . '' Arizona 's Sen. John McCain acknowledged that Trump had the authority to pardon Arpaio , but they said in doing so , the president was undermining the rule of law . `` No one is above the law and the individuals entrusted with the privilege of being sworn law officers should always seek to be beyond reproach in their commitment to fairly enforcing the laws they swore to uphold , '' they said in a statement . `` Mr. Arpaio was found guilty of criminal contempt for continuing to illegally profile Latinos living in Arizona based on their perceived immigration status in violation of a judge 's orders . The President has the authority to make this pardon , but doing so at this time undermines their claim for the respect of rule of law as Mr. Arpaio has shown no remorse for their actions . ”
Arizona 's other Republican senator , Sen. Jeff Flake , tweeted Friday they would have `` preferred that the President honor the judicial process and let it take its course . '' Both Flake and McCain are frequent Trump critics .
Bill Clark / CQ-Roll Call , Inc .
Latinos — Republicans and Democrats — had expressed worry that Trump does n't fully understand how big an impact pardoning Arpaio will have . `` It seems as though conservatives say , 'Rule of law for me , but not for you . Opportunity for us , but not for you . Amnesty for Arpaio , but not for the hard-working , ' '' Artemio Muniz , chair of the Texas Federation of Hispanic Republicans , told BuzzFeed News this week . Arpaio 's conviction , as well as their election loss in 2016 , marked a huge win for Latino and immigrant activists in Maricopa County who had campaigned to oust them for years . But the sheriff had also worked to establish a close relationship with Trump after endorsing them in January 2016 — something the Republican candidate frequently referenced on the campaign trail . Arpaio appeared at Trump rallies and also spoke at the Republican National Convention . `` I mean , they know borders , right ? Amazing guy . Tough guy , but he 's an amazing guy , '' Trump said of Arpaio in July 2016 . `` He 's actually a quality person . He 's a tough guy , but he 's a quality person . They get the job done . Amazing . '' In August , speaking to Fox Business , Arpaio said they `` really appreciate [ s ] the President 's nice comments and support '' and claimed that their conviction was `` strictly a political hit . '' Like Trump , Arpaio spent years peddling the conspiracy theory that former President Obama was not born in the US .
Congratulations to @ RealSheriffJoe on their successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @ BarackObama 's 'birth certificate ' is fake
In a statement , the current sheriff who unseated Arpaio , Paul Penzone , said that despite Trump 's actions , the voters had spoken . “ The court made its decision , the president made his , but the people had the final say in November . ''
While Fairfield Economic Development Manager Greg Kathman did n't think it was a joke when they received a call from a site selection company calling on behalf of Veritiv Corporation , they said , “ You do n't get too many phone calls like that too often . ”
“ This is a really nice project . You do n't get too many projects of this size very often . Not only is it a lot of jobs , but it 's a lot of good , high-paying jobs , and it 's a large investment in a building that 's underutilized , ” said Kathman .
And when the company moves into the city this fall , possibly in late September , the South Gilmore corridor just north of Interstate 275 will have three of the city 's top 10 employers .
“ It 's good to keep a major corporate presence like Veritiv in the Greater Cincinnati region , ” said Kathman . “ When their headquarters were located in the suburban Atlanta area a couple years ago , there was concern the entire Cincinnati operation was at risk . But it 's good to have that settled and presence retained in the region . ”
And they said this “ reinforces our positive reputation ” that Fairfield is a business-friendly community .
Veritiv started about six months ago looking for a new facility to relocate its more than 400 employees based out of its Miami Twp . offices in Clermont County . They worked with a site selection committee , which contacted the city of Fairfield among others .
Veritiv will lease 72,000 square feet of space in the Gilmore Pointe Office Park , which Kathman said is less than 130,000 square feet and is 90 percent vacant . According to the Fairfield-Veritiv property investment reimbursement agreement , the company will have a minimum of a collective $ 30 million payroll for its employees in Clermont County , which includes jobs in the information technology , customer service , credit and finance fields . That 's around a projected $ 500,000 in annual payroll taxes injected into the city 's coffers .
Kathman said the deal , which has a number of protections for the city , was offered because of the “ competitive environment , ” and Veritiv was considering a number of sites within and outside the region .
“ It 's a little different form , but it 's not all different than a traditional tax incentive , ” they said . “ I think this project makes good financial sense for both the city and the company , both in the short term and long term . ”
Instead of abating future taxes , the company pays the upfront costs , and if they meet specific requirements — such as the completion of the remodeling , relocating of the 400-plus jobs to the city and meeting certain payroll thresholds — Fairfield could be making annual payments from the city 's general fund as early as 2018 .
“ There 's a lot of security built in from the city 's perspective , to make sure the compliance happens as we all expect it to , ” Kathman said .
Kathman said having an Atlanta-headquartered company land in Fairfield is a big get for the city . The company will be the city 's ninth-largest employer and it is projected to make the Fortune 500 list later this year .
Fairfield Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Kert Radel said Monday night 's announced deal “ is going to be a tremendous economic boom for the city of Fairfield . ”
“ It 's also going to send out a signal to other companies that this is going to be a great opportunity to come and have your business operate out of Fairfield , ” they said .
Radel and Kathman said there is a lot of available land for further development in the South Gilmore area , and Radel said “ there 's no downside to this at all . ”
Veritiv Corporation was founded in July 2014 following the merger of International Paper 's xpedx division , which was headquartered in Clermont County , and Unisource Worldwide , which was headquartered in Atlanta . Veritiv , which has 8,900 team members across 180 distribution centers in North America , had more than $ 9.3 billion net sales in 2014 , said company spokesperson Ed Patterson .
The Greater Cincinnati area is “ a place to find good talent ” for the jobs that support Veritiv 's support North American operations , Patterson said .
“ The office will offer us what we believe is a sleek updated working environment , ” they said . “ What we wanted to do and the offices and the space we needed , for growth , it was n't the right fit . And this facility in Fairfield was the right fit for us . ”
The company 's lease for its Clermont County offices ends this July .
Veritiv is a full-service strategic distribution company that offers business-to-business solutions including packaging , print and paper , publishing , logistics and facility solutions , such as cleaning supplies . The company has distribution centers around North America , including in Canada and Mexico .
While more than 400 employees work out of the Miami Twp . offices , there are 520 employees that work in the Greater Cincinnati , which includes a distribution center in Northern Kentucky , according to the company . In Ohio , the company employs more than 600 .
Many of the customers for Veritiv are on the Fortune 500 list , and its new landlord , Cincinnati Financial , used to be on that list .
Cincinnati Financial took on the mission two years ago to make a push to attract more jobs to Fairfield , which including remodeling part of the Gilmore Pointe Office Park , said Michael Sewell , Cincinnati Financial 's chief financial officer .
“ We are very supportive of the city of Fairfield , Butler County and the region since we moved to the city of Fairfield back in the mid '80s , ” said Sewell . “ We think it 's very important to attract and retain jobs in Fairfield , to grow Fairfield , but more importantly Butler County in addition the general larger region . ”
Growth in Fairfield is being planned for , Patterson said , but it 's just not known when the company will be ready to add more jobs . That 's one of the reasons they said the Gilmore Pointe Office park was attractive . While Veritiv will bring just more than 400 jobs to Fairfield , the space will allow dozens of more jobs to be added , they said .
“ As we look at these similar operational support functions , if and when the time comes , we wanted to make sure we were in a location here that allowed for that particular growth , ” said Patterson , adding that the projected move-in date by the end of September . The move will be done in waves , Patterson said .
Patterson said the company wanted to look at all the options in Greater Cincinnati , and worked with REDI Cincinnati to find an ideal location , which was the Fairfield site near Interstate 275 .
“ Our role is to keep these great companies in the region , ” said Erin Rolfes , a spokesperson for REDI Cincinnati . “ We do three things : we attract companies to the region , and once they 're here we try to help them stay and try to keep them here . ”
`` A lot of the time you ca n't see the physical server , but you can go to the domain registrars and seize the domain . They 're not using fancy electronic equipment or breaking Tor to unmask people . It 's good old-fashioned policing , '' Professor Woodwood told Fairfax Media . The fall of these sites suggests law enforcement has a grip on the dark web . But do they ? The Centre for International Governance Innovation ( CIGI ) recently called for intensified monitoring of the dark web by police and spy agencies . According to the think tank , recent revelations of government surveillance may trigger a fragmentation of the dark web into many `` alternative dark nets '' , making investigations that are already tough far more complex . The Silk Road 's operators used The Onion Router ( Tor ) to evade police for around two years . Tor is a privacy-enhancing network maintained by the Tor Project , funded by the US government . It is popular with people wanting to secure their anonymity online for privacy and or piracy reasons . Tor can conceal the location of a server used to run a hidden website . End-users can use the Tor browser to visit hidden websites in the dark web and also prevent third-parties from tracking what they do on the open web .
Tor is entirely legal and used by journalists , whistleblowers , people fearful of their government , military and police . Australians concerned by the data retention law can use it to thwart the collection of data about their internet activity tied to a particular IP address since Tor routes connections to a website through an intermediate IP address . But what happens when a major network on the open web , like Facebook , goes to the dark web ? Last year the social network launched its own hidden website on Tor at to experiment with different modes of access ( Tor link here ) . CIGI notes Facebook 's hidden website could offer terrorist organisations a powerful propaganda tool that is encrypted , decentralised and anonymous . That 's a world away from Facebook and Twitter on the open web where privacy is non-existent . `` You should not assume that anything you put on social media is something that you would n't put in the newspaper the next day , '' Professor Woodward said .
Tor has become synonymous with the dark web , but it 's far from the only network for anonymous communications . GNUnet is a service for file transfers , while Tox offers anonymous messaging . Networks with similar features to Tor include HyperBoria and I2P ( Invisible Internet Project ) . They all rely on a similar architecture to provide anonymity , but H.D . Moore , chief researcher at security firm Rapid 7 , says the scale of each separate them . `` The size of the network is hugely important for anonymity . Tor is the only clear winner here , '' they told Fairfax Media , adding that the recent dark web seizures in Europe and the US were likely a fraction of services operating there . Professor Woodward concurred with this view . `` My guess is that the number of dark web stores and services is still higher than ever , '' Mr Moore said . So what of data retention ? If websites on the dark web are run by humans who make mistakes , should n't the mass collection of user data help police investigations down the track ?
Not really . `` Most , if not all , of these services are typically run without identifying logs . Tor , by default , does not log the IP addresses of the peers that connect to it , '' Mr Moore . said `` While the Tor directory servers and relays are public , there is no way to comprehensively track communication inside the network , especially for services that use onion routing . Data retention laws are unlikely to be of use to law enforcement and in fact may be harmful to consumers overall - that data has to be stored somewhere and makes a juicy target for hackers . '' Follow IT Pro on Twitter
The bipartisan deal announced by House Speaker John Boehner appears to be a win-win-win – for the White House , Republicans , and Democrats .
The two-year pact not only averts a federal debt default next week , but also sidesteps a potential government shutdown in December .
It beefs up both defense and nondefense spending . It heads off deep cuts in Social Security disability payments . And it prevents a significant increase in certain Medicare payments ( Part B ) for seniors .
So then why is the presumed next speaker , Republican Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , expressing such anger about it ? Also , why are political observers rather downcast as well ?
Much of it has to do with the way the deal was put together – highly dependent on one man who is leaving the scene and highly reliant on a secretive negotiating process involving only a few key people and their staffs . Such a closed-door process is how Congress has gotten things done for decades . But the hard-line House Freedom Caucus has been demanding a different way – a bottom-up approach , which could actually complicate dealmaking for a future Speaker Ryan .
Political observers have not trumpeted the deal because they see it as a one-off solution , created by Speaker Boehner 's pending exit . That coming departure has freed them up to negotiate directly with Democrats in Congress and with President Obama , unconcerned about another eruption on their right flank from the Freedom Caucus .
“ This is not a good sign for the budget process . The only way we got this done is for a speaker to resign . Is that what it 's going to take to get a deal the next time ? ” asks Stan Collender , a federal budget expert in Washington .
Ryan sides with their hard-liners
As for Representative Ryan , they took issue , at least publicly , with the process surrounding the deal . Legislation for it was filed very late on Monday night , and it will hit the House floor for approval on Wednesday . It 's expected to pass with heavy support from Democrats . Then it will head to the Senate , whose Republican and Democratic leaders were also in on the private negotiations .
“ I think the process stinks , ” Ryan said Tuesday morning .
“ This is not the way to do the people 's business , ” they said . “ We are up against a deadline – that 's unfortunate .... As a conference , we should 've been meeting months ago to discuss these things to have a unified strategy going forward . ”
That should be music to the Freedom Caucus 's ears , and Ryan would need that group 's support as speaker .
The nearly 40 Freedom Caucus members , many of whom came to Congress on the tea party wave of 2010 or after , want to devolve power from the speaker 's office . Their preferred approach would empower committees , and themselves , to a much greater extent .
“ Putting together a very complex deal and giving members less than 48 hours to read it , study it , and vote on it with virtually no input – it 's about as bad as the process gets around here , ” said Rep. John Fleming ( R ) of Louisiana , a member of the Freedom Caucus .
Ryan was apparently not involved in the talks . That absolves them from the deal – which has elements of one they negotiated with Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington to resolve a budget crisis just two years ago .
“ He was n't down there . They are n't even invited . He 's been trying to figure out if he 's going to be speaker this week , not if he 's cutting a debt ceiling deal , ” said Freedom Caucus founder Rep. Mick Mulvaney ( R ) of South Carolina , sticking up for Ryan . “ We believe him ” when they say he 's frustrated by the process .
Representative Mulvaney acknowledges that deals like this , in the end , have to be negotiated by the key players on both sides . It 's not possible for all 247 Republican members to be negotiators . The problem for them was that the chief negotiator was someone who is on their way out – someone whom the right wing had pushed out the door .
Does the deal help Ryan ?
Mulvaney and other Freedom Caucus members have big problems with the deal itself , not just how it was put together . They do n't like that it busts budget caps of the 2011 Budget Control Act by $ 80 billion , even as it raises the current $ 1.8 trillion debt ceiling .
“ That 's two strikes , and there are plenty of other third strikes in there , ” said Rep. Tim Huelskamp ( R ) of Kansas , another Freedom Caucus member . One of them is a change that they say would “ destroy ” crop insurance , of vital interest to their state .
The budget increases are being offset by cuts elsewhere , including small-scale reforms to Social Security and Medicare – long sought by Republicans . But Representative Huelskamp is skeptical about whether those reforms will ever pay off , while Mulvaney says Boehner is “ merely moving the deck chairs . ”
Some observers say that even by “ cleaning out the barn ” for their successor , Boehner has n't really made it easier on Ryan . The Freedom Caucus is even angrier at how this deal was handled , and it will insist that Ryan not follow such secret , last-minute negotiating .
“ The Freedom Caucus will not make it any easier for Paul Ryan to make similar concessions once they are in power , ” writes Julian Zelizer , a historian at Princeton University , in an e-mail to the Monitor . `` Without the crisis atmosphere that results from budgetary differences , there will in many ways be more room for the parties to fight over issues . ''
Others disagree .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
“ Paul is going to be in better shape than they would have been because a lot of the overly contentious issues will be off the table , ” says Rep. Peter King ( R ) of New York , a moderate , in an interview . “ He 'll be able to actually start working toward governing as opposed to going from crisis to crisis . ”
Staff writer Gail Russell Chaddock contributed to this report .
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Samia Shahid was strangled with a scarf , according to their former husband 's confession
The former husband of a woman allegedly murdered in Pakistan has confessed to killing her , a police source has told the BBC .
Samia Shahid , 28 , a beautician from Bradford , died last month in northern Punjab in what is believed to have been a so-called honour killing .
Ex-husband Chaudhry Muhammad Shakeel was arrested on suspicion of murder .
They have now said they strangled Ms Shahid with a scarf , according to BBC Pakistan correspondent Shaimaa Khalil .
The beautician 's father Chaudhry Mohammad Shahid has been held as an accessory to murder .
Image caption Ms Shahid 's father ( left ) and former husband appeared in court at the weekend
Both appeared in court in Pakistan on Saturday and were remanded for four days .
Police had previously denied reports of Mr Shakeel 's confession when they and Mr Shahid were arrested and brought to court .
Ms Shahid 's relatives had initially claimed they died of a heart attack , but their husband , Syed Mukhtar Kazim , claims they were killed .
A post-mortem examination has since confirmed they died as a result of being strangled , police said .
Mr Kazam , who is Ms Shahid 's second husband , believes their wife was killed because their family disapproved of their marriage .
In their confession , Mr Shakeel , who is also Ms Shahid 's cousin , reportedly said they had demanded they leave their second husband and remarry them - which they refused to do .
Ms Shahid had filed for divorce and married their second husband in the UK .
By Phill Colombo
ofni.1551225967swen-1551225967rats @ 1551225967obmol1551225967oclli1551225967hp1551225967
“ I 'm really fortunate to be able to walk into a place with the best employees who serve some of the finest tasting food , ” Alex Bond told the Hollywood Star News . Bond and their wife Julie took over the Rose City Park neighborhood eatery at the beginning of 2016 , adding “ The Rib ” to their other businesses , Serratto Restaurant and Bar in Northwest Portland and Saint Cupcake with three locations in Northwest , Downtown and Southeast Portland .
Bond said they first entertained the idea of purchasing Clyde 's in late spring or early summer of last year . They said they made former owner E. Clyde Jenkins an offer , and the two shook hands . “ I 'm also fortunate to inherit the music scene built by Clyde , ” Bond said , “ and that 's going to continue. ” Bond said he 's been musing over a number of improvements , “ but when we make them , we 'll do it in a way that will make the customer 's experience more pleasant. ” Looking at the year ahead , Bond said they hope to “ retain longtime customers , alienate none with the improvements , and make no change for change 's sake . ”
Longtime Rose City Park resident Karen Burlingame and Marilyn Schott , a retired hospital administrator who travels crosstown from Lake Oswego weekly for happy hour at Clyde 's , both told Bond during a mid-January visit that the chicken strips were tasty . Bond noted that the meat was fresh and not frozen or processed , adding that most of the food on the menu is made “ from scratch. ” One other patron was grateful for the addition of gluten-free beer to the beverage list .
Bond comes from a restaurant family . Their parents owned Luna in Spokane , Washington , where Bond was born , and they claim they “ had the best food in town ” for the better part of two decades . Their sister and brother-in-law also own two restaurants . Bond majored in English literature at the University of California at Santa Cruz , and their wife Julie studied political science at Berkeley .
After college , Bond called San Francisco home for a while and was an investment banker . As senior vice-president of finance and business development for Hollywood Video , they made frequent trips to Portland and grew to like the city . They were part of the team responsible for the growth of Hollywood Video and , when Hollywood Video sold in 2005 , they became involved in the restructuring of restaurant properties . Bond bought Serratto in 2005 .
Clyde 's Prime Rib Restaurant and Bar has been located at 5474 N.E . Sandy Blvd . under its basic name since 1955 when it was opened by Eddie Mays . Between approximately 1950 and 1955 , the property was vacant after the West Coast chain-owned Coon Chicken Inn closed after operating for just under 20 years . In a tour of the property , Bond told the Hollywood Star News that they have lots of ideas about how to improve the building and its ambiance , “ but just when any of these plans will happen , I could n't say right now . ”
Bond said they are focused on customer experience , with a belief that providing patrons with a positive dining and entertainment encounter will eventually result in new customers or those who have n't eaten at The Prime Rib for some time to return . They are also a proponent of community involvement : “ We will do all we can to assist community organizations , ” they said , “ and we will host community events. ” Community involvement is how we build our business , Bond added .
Related
Comments
comments
Boris of the North – an elected mayor is Manchester 's best option for devolution
Joe Wright , 5 November 2014
Despite rejecting the idea of a city mayor in 2012 , Greater Manchester will receive its first elected mayor in 2017 . To coordinate the creation of a ‘ northern power house ' , George Osborne and Manchester council leaders agreed a deal this week , dubbed ‘ Devo Manc ' , to reorganise the city 's political structure .
The new mayor will be responsible for a population of 2.7 million people and a GDP of £50 billion – £5 billion larger than Wales ' . They will receive control over transport , policing , skills and housing , leading a cabinet – the Greater Manchester Combined Authority – made up of the leaders of Manchester 's 10 councils .
Devo Manc contains a number of sweeteners for local councils in return for accepting a mayor , including control of a new investment fund worth £300m to build 15,000 new homes across the region , a £450 million tram extension and control of a skills budget £500 million .
More importantly , the deal gives Manchester a figurehead ─ someone recognisable to encourage private investment in the city , or to blame for its failures . This is an age of increasing popularity for the mayoral system . Mayors of successful cities can be as recognisable as any cabinet minister . They reflect an image of the city and , for better or worse , are an advert for it , such as London 's Boris or New York 's Giuliani .
Some have argued this is a political move – a way for Tory ministers to bypass troublesome Labour councils in cities by centralising power , the same as in London . It is infuriating for Labour that a city of their MPs has returned a Tory mayor in half of all elections . They should , however , take some refuge in the knowledge that Boris Johnson is somewhat of an anomaly in modern British politics . But even were they not : that 's democracy for you , ‘ bad taste ' or not .
Misgivings remain about extending this system across the UK . Devolution is a loaded question for voters torn between the desire for more attention to their community , and hesitancy about creating new bureaucracy . A stronger case needs to be made that these are interdependent problems : disaffection with politics comes from being ignored because power lies in Westminster . Mayors are very visible proof it does not .
The trouble with pluming for assemblies instead – the only other ( and equally rejected ) alternative to mayors – is it creates the same problems faced by councils : more faces people will not recognise . Mayors may consolidate local power , but at least people know where it lies and how to change its wielders . Local councils have made themselves irrelevant to the vast majority of their voters because they look complicated and bureaucratic . Mayors keep it clean . Creating strong accountability in the form of a mayor 's question time , or a strong opposition , is a better break on power than layers of bureaucracy .
Thinking pragmatically , cities and regions should take any chance of devolution . The process of getting Westminster to relinquish control has been so drawn out and fruitless over the years that , without another seismic shock like the Scottish referendum , Manchester may not see another chance for decades .
Of course , with the election scheduled for 2017 , none of this is set in stone .
By Philip Hersh
So many remaining questions , so few answers related to Dick Ebersol 's unexpected Thursday resignation as boss of NBC sports , for which Ebersol told me the primary issue was salary .
I do n't expect any answers from Comcast , clearly a tight-lipped corporate beast rather than the NBC sports operation the media and public came to know under Ebersol .
They reveled in their high profile , had a substantial ego and spoke from the gut about any subject -- blasting Conan O'Brien a few months ago and , in our conversation Thursday , dismissing as essentially nonsensical ESPN 's idea to show the Olympics live in the middle of the night .
Why , the two corporate communications flaks whose names were on the NBC Universal press release announcing Ebersol 's departure ( with a note saying they were the contacts for more information ) have yet to respond in any fashion to emails sent Thursday requesting comment on a question about Comcast 's continued interest in bidding for the Olympics .
So it does n't seem worth my time to ask them about this scenario :
Was Comcast , the new parent company of NBC , deliberately stalling its contract negotiations with Ebersol until after the International Olympic Committee auction June 6-7 for U.S. television rights beyond 2012 ?
And why would they do that ?
Ebersol 's reputation as a TV sports major domo was built on the Olympics , which they had produced 10 times since 1992 . Their knowledge about how to present an Olympics -- and their passion for doing it - are unsurpassed . For more than 25 years , Olympic TV in the United States and Ebersol were a single entity .
Comcast had named Ebersol chairperson of the NBC Sports Group when its purchase of the network was completed earlier this year . But if NBC did not get the rights to future Olympics , Ebersol would not be as valuable to Comcast , especially at a salary price they told me was substantial .
`` I had a whole new job with suddenly thousands of new employees working for me , '' Ebersol said . `` Money is not a problem going forward in my life but I sure wanted a certain amount . ''
Ebersol said they thought they and Comcast had been close to a deal three weeks ago but `` suddenly it just started getting more complicated . '' Was that an indication that Comcast really does n't care about getting Olympic rights -- despite its apparent assurances in phone calls to the IOC that it remains interested ?
Their departure so close to the negotiations clearly discomfited the IOC . Its U.S. rights negotiator , Richard Carrion , selecting their words judiciously , told the New York Times the IOC was `` not crazy about the timing . ''
The IOC places a high premium on long-term relationships -- to wit , its recent disdain for the U.S. Olympic Committee ( and , by extension , U.S. cities bidding to host the Olympics ) because of what had been revolving-door leadership .
The IOC greatly valued its 30-year relationship with Ebersol , who initiated the idea of having a U.S. network buy rights for more than one Winter and one Summer Games at a time , giving the IOC a great amount of guaranteed income over a long period .
Ebersol took the IOC at its word when it threw out $ 2 million as the number it wanted for rights to 2010 and 2012 , and they even got NBC 's then owner , GE , to pony up another $ 200 million for an IOC global sponsorship . That $ 2.2 billion turned out to be $ 900 million more than the only other serious bid , from Fox .
Such largesse added something to an IOC allegiance to Ebersol that clearly could have worked in NBC 's favor next month ; now it could work against NBC unless it makes an offer as overly generous as its last , which seems unlikely given the network 's reported $ 223 million loss on the 2010 Winter Games .
The other dimension to Ebersol 's departure is how it might affect the style of NBC 's coverage at the 2012 Summer Games -- especially if some key players on their production team , like Peter Diamond and Gary Zenkel , also leave before the London Olympics .
Ebersol developed a particular and oft-criticized style of presenting the Olympics as a blend of personalities and narrative rather than simple broadcasting of events . They chose that approach to lure more than hard-core sports fans and wound up having women as the biggest piece of the U.S. viewing audience .
One key to their philosophy was that most viewers , sports junkies included , were completely unfamiliar with most Olympic events and with the top U.S. athletes , let alone athletes from the rest of the world , so simply letting the cameras focus on the action would not build an audience .
They also held coverage of some events , sometimes for several hours , until the prime-time package that drew the largest numbers of viewers -- 30 million a day at the 2008 Summer Games .
`` I would always say the way we have done the Olympics in prime time is the reason they have been successful , '' Ebersol emphasized Thursday .
Ebersol 's Olympic broadcast philosophy came partly from their mentor , ABC Olympic guru Roone Arledge , who added personality profiles -- called `` Up Close and Personal , '' a term that became an English idiom -- to the coverage .
It also came from geopolitics .
When NBC did its first Summer Games -- and the only one without Ebersol -- from Seoul in 1988 , the Olympics as Cold War , sporting division , still was in play as a theme . Emphasizing whether the U.S. would win more medals than those nasty Soviet and East German commies was a sure way to galvanize viewer interest .
In 1989 , the Berlin Wall fell . In 1991 , the Soviet Union disintegrated .
`` There was no more ` us against them , ' which had been the premier staple of the appeal of the Olympics , '' Ebersol said . `` That 's when I really embarked on the whole storytelling thing .
`` For a while , I made a few mistakes , with too many profiles and stuff . Post Sydney ( 2000 ) , I cut them down by 35 or 40 percent and substituted for that by having all the major announcers tutored in the months before each Games on the stories we wanted them to tell . We did n't give them a script , because I do n't believe in scripting , but they all knew the basic points .
`` If you do n't make those athletes empathetic , you wo n't get the women who make up 60 percent of the audience or the others who do n't follow Olympic sports at all outside the Olympics . ''
Ironically , Ebersol wound up giving fans of the less popular Olympic sports more live and total coverage than ever because of the ability to put events on cable networks that have multiplied in the past two decades and to stream them on the Internet .
NBC proved ahead of its time when it offered viewers of the 1992 Barcelona Summer Games a similar option for more live coverage in premium subscription form : the Olympic Triplecast , an idea that got no traction then and cost NBC an estimated $ 100 million .
At the 2008 Olympics , NBC would stream 2,200 hours of 25 sports on nbcolympics.com and provide 225 hours of coverage on its over-the-air flagship network and six cable networks .
It 's a shame Ebersol wo n't be producing the show in London . They once said 2012 would be their final Olympics as the hands-on force behind the scenes , but it seemed likely they would have continued through Rio in 2016 if NBC got the rights -- if , for no other reason , to have another shot at a game in essentially the same time zone as the eastern United States .
Ebersol lived , breathed and literally dreamed the Olympics , eschewing high-priced hotel suites for humbler accommodations nearly next to their desk in the broadcast center . They told me Thursday this was probably the end of their days as a TV executive but they could see themselves in a year or two wanting to produce -- although not for another network doing the Olympics .
As they look back on their 10 Olympics , one moment stands out -- and it is characteristically one that they made happen : Olympic boxing champion and former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali lighting the cauldron at the opening ceremony of the Centennial Summer Games in Atlanta .
The Atlanta 1996 organizers wanted the final torch-bearer to be the hometown boxing celebrity , former heavyweight champion and Olympic bronze medalist Evander Holyfield .
Ebersol saw the first Olympics in the U.S. South as an opportunity to show the world something of far greater symbolic power by focusing on the greatest global sports icon of the 20th Century , a man who had been vilified out of old racist habits and acrimony for their refusal to serve in the Vietnam era military as well as celebrated out of pure joy and amazement for their personality and achievements .
It would a sign of reconciliation , of a modern Atlanta , of a country trying to come to terms with its past .
`` When Muhammad Ali came to the top of the ramp and Janet Evans lit the torch in their hand , that was the culmination of six months of talking them into choosing him , '' Ebersol said . `` To ( Atlanta organizing committee chief executive ) Billy Payne 's eternal credit , since they were the one who had to make the decision , they listened . ''
When Ali emerged at the Atlanta Olympic Stadium from the darkness , literal and figurative , there was a gasp from the crowd .
`` It was one of the greatest things in my life , '' Ebersol said .
It was one of those rare moments that became larger than life , befitting both Ebersol 's persona and their vision of the Olympics .
Photos : Above -- ( l.to.r ) , Dick Ebersol and NBC commentators Bob Costas and Mary Carrillo at a press preview of 2004 Olympic coverage ( frederick M. Brown / Getty Images ) ; Below - Muhammad Ali lighting the 1996 Olympic cauldron as Janet Evans looks on . ( Michael Probst / Associated Press )
Alpha 17 is now available for download ! The full change log is at the end of this post .
Devlog
We 've added the Orbiter from this weeks Art Stream :
It 's a fairly small and simple ride that 's quite interesting to watch : )
Changelog
- added Orbiter
- added roof pieces , generic shapes
- added certain objects ( like trees ) stick to the terrain while terraforming
- added option to control settings for using the middle mouse button for rotating instead of panning the camera
- disabled workers being allowed to help out in zones they are n't assigned to if there are no tasks left to do in their assigned zone
- improved mouse controls
- improved guest performance
- improved staff management window performance
- improved balance of guest preferences for rides
- improved handling for box selection tool ( used by bulldozer and for creating blueprints )
- improved bulldozer tool
- fixed not being able to place some objects underground anymore
- fixed guests not littering as intended
- fixed a case where the advertising tab would n't work properly
- fixed a case where janitors would not be able to clean trash
- fixed a case where the color picker window could be stuck open
- fixed a case where parts of a crashed train would continue to operate
- fixed a case where boats would drive around without passengers
- fixed mechanics not working properly while off-screen in big parks/on slow PCs
- fixed being able to scroll out of bounds if the game is paused
- fixed guests could walk through cash machines
- fixed speed input field spinner buttons not working properly on Linux with a non-english OS language
Classic steakhouse , with locations around the world , finds a new home on Main Street
Buy Photo Grand opening of Wolfgang 's Steakhouse Grill located at 119 West Main Street in Somerville . On Wednesday January 14 ,2015 Photo : Mark R. Sullivan/Staff Photographer ( Photo : Mark R. Sullivan/Gannett ) Buy Photo Story Highlights Wolfgang 's Steakhouse has four locations in Manhattan , two in Tokyo .
'We 're proud to be part of the resurgence of Somerville . '
Signature dish at the steakhouse is a sizzling Porterhouse steak .
It was like a glamorous Hollywood premiere .
There was a red carpet outside the front door and searchlights crisscrossed the sky over Main Street on Wednesday evening .
It was the grand opening celebration of Wolfgang 's Steakhouse , the local home of a renowned international steakhouse chain that has four locations in Manhattan , two in Tokyo and one each in Miami , Honolulu , Beverly Hills , Calif. and Seoul .
`` I opened the website today ( http : //www.wolfgangssteakhouse.net/ ) and there was Somerville , '' said Mayor Brian Gallagher shortly before cutting the ribbon to the restaurant which started serving customers on Thursday .
Gallagher could not stop smiling as they watched the restaurant , located on the ground floor of The Edge at Main , centerpiece of the Somerville Town Center and the borough 's Main Street redevelopment area , fill with local officials and business people who were enjoying a complimentary buffet .
Wolfgang 's Steakhouse is the creation of Wolfgang Zweiner , once head waiter at Peter Luger 's Steakhouse in Brooklyn . They opened their first steakhouse in 2004 on Park Avenue in Manhattan and now has locations , around the world , including Somerville .
`` We 're proud to be part of the resurgence of Somerville , '' said Peter Zweiner , Wolfgang 's son , who is now managing partner of the chain .
The signature dish at the steakhouse is a sizzling Porterhouse steak that has been aged for 28 days in the restaurant 's own aging box and cooked in a 1,600-degree broiler .
But , like all classic New York steakhouses , there are other standout entrees on Wolfgang 's menu , including grilled Chilean sea bass and filet mignon . Side dishes include creamed spinach and German potatoes with appetizers like ahi tuna tartare and sizzling Canadian bacon .
Initial reviews at the grand opening celebration were enthusiastic .
`` This is great , '' said Somerset County Freeholder Peter Palmer . `` This puts Somerville in the top tier . We 're up here with New York and Tokyo . ''
Mike Kerwin , president of the Somerset County Economic Partnership and a former Somerville mayor , said Wolfgang 's Steakhouse , will put `` Somerville on the map . ''
`` It 's good for everybody in Somerville , '' said Councilman Dennis Sullivan , adding that it is `` encouraging to see corporate America '' coming to Main Street .
In a town known known for its variety and number of restaurants , Gallagher predicted that Wolfgang 's Steakhouse will stand out and become `` a destination . ''
`` This will draw more and more folks to downtown Somerville , '' the mayor said . `` This will attract people from all over the region . ''
Gallagher said the opening of Wolfgang 's Steakhouse at 119 W. Main St. , is another step in the continuing revitalization of downtown Somerville , which started a decade ago .
The mayor reiterated that Somerville has become a model for other towns that want to revitalize their downtowns . Construction is expected to begin this year on a parking garage behind Shop-Rite Progress also is expected on the plans for a transit village development near the train station and NJ Transit is finalizing an agreement for an ambitious project that could eventually result in the construction of 675 housing units next to the Raritan Valley Line train station .
`` There are more good things to come , '' said Jack Morris , the developer of Somerville Town Center .
Read or Share this story : http : //mycj.co/1IP4gGa
Las Vegas : Beware of Gang Activity in Your Neighborhood !
A GANG is a group of recurrently associating individuals with identifiable leadership and internal organization , identifying with or claiming control over territory in the community , and engaging either individually or collectively in violent or other forms of illegal behavior . Usually , gangs have gained the most control in poorer , urban communities .
Gangs are involved in all areas of street-crime activities like extortion , drug trafficking ( both in and outside the prison system ) , and theft . Gang activity also involves the victimization of individuals by robbery and kidnapping . Street gangs take over territory or “ turf ” in a particular city and are often involved in “ providing protection “ .
Las Vegas-area police and federal law enforcement agencies have crippled a longtime area gang , indicting most of its members in a state racketeering case , the first in Nevada targeting an entire organization , authorities said .
Operation Spartan Fist netted 21 suspects in connection with two murder cases , several attempted murder incidents , drug trafficking and robbery , Clark County Assistant Sheriff Tom Roberts said Thursday .
“ Las Vegas is a safer place today with these individuals behind bars , and we want to send a strong message to gang members who live in Las Vegas and those who come to Las Vegas and believe they can conduct criminal activity without impunity , ” said Roberts .
Assault rifles , guns , electronics , drugs , money and “ gang paraphernalia ” including a flare launcher , homemade silencer and homemade zip gun were also seized according to Sheriff Roberts .
Those arrested are : the heads of the gang , Oscar “ Primo ” Rodriguez and Raul “ Puppet ” Lara ; their lieutenants Rafael “ Shadow ” Bonilla and William “ Player ” Kentros ; and so-called soldiers Susana “ Grifo ” Cuevas , Alexis “ Toker ” De-La-Rosa Zavala , Elizar “ Crow ” Gomez , Elmer “ Homer ” Hernandez , Anthony “ Lil Bones ” Lopez-Mez , Jorge “ Jukie ” Martinez , Richard “ Sneaky ” McCullough , Daniel “ Dreamer ” Mendoza , Eladio “ Magic ” Murillo , Julian “ Conejo Grande ” Orozco , Alejandro “ White Boy ” Rodriguez , Christian “ Psycho ” Rojas , Osvaldo “ Sleepy ” Rojas , William “ Dub ” Rojas , Joshua “ Widow ” Sibley , Juan “ Danny ” Alvarado , and Jacobo Rodriguez .
Surfos Indictment on Scribd
Police said there are more than 400 individual gangs and is home to roughly 20,000 street gang members in the Las Vegas area , a number law enforcement officials say is growing as members ditch loyalties and create new groups . That 's 6 for every 1,000 Nevada residents , according to the FBI 's 2011 National Gang Threat Assessment . Only five other states have as high a rate : California , Idaho , New Mexico and Illinois .
WHITE GANGS
Neo-Nazi gangs tend to use the symbol “ SWP , ” an acronym for “ supreme white power , ” and the number 311 , which represents “ KKK , ” the 11th letter of the alphabet repeated three times . Known white gangs include Insane NAZI Lowriders and Aryan Warriors
BLACK GANGS
Bloods and Crips
Among the most infamous criminal groups in America , the Crips and Bloods are rival gangs founded in Los Angeles . They are widely known for their violent feuding that 's so intense it often permeates every aspect of members ' lives . A Blood , for example , might describe something as “ brazy , ” swapping out the letter “ c ” in “ crazy , ” to snub the Crips . Crips traditionally wear blue , while Bloods wear red .
Other notable gangs are : The Gerson Park Kingsmen , The Woods , The Rolling 60s , The Playboy Bloods and The West Side Piru Bloods .
LATINO GANGS
The Sureños
Spanish for “ southerners , ” the Sureños are a Southern California street gang with many loosely affiliated subgroups in Las Vegas . Members pay tribute to the Mexican Mafia prison gang and use the number 13 to represent the letter “ M , ” the 13th letter of the alphabet , to pay allegiance to their mentors . Sureños typically wear blue , including clothing featuring the logo of the Los Angeles Dodgers .
The Norteños
Spanish for “ northerners , ” the Norteños are a Northern California street gang and the Sureños ' rivals . Members ally with the Nuestra Familia prison gang , the rival of the Mexican Mafia . There are far fewer Norteños in Las Vegas than Sureños . Norteños wear the number 14 to represent the letter “ N , ” the 14th letter of the alphabet , and favor red clothing from sports teams such as the San Francisco 49ers and UNLV . Some gang members say UNLV 's acronym stands for “ Us Norteños Love Violence . ”
Other notable gangs are : The San Chucos , The 28th Streets and Barrio Naked City Gang
ASIAN GANGS
Pinoy Boys
One of the most wide-reaching Asian gangs in Las Vegas and police typically identify them through foreign language tattoos .
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Acting Director Thomas Homan announced the six-week operation from March 26 to May 6 in which the national efforts resulted in 1,378 arrests : 1,098 on state and federal charges , including 21 on murder-related charges and seven on rape and sexual assault counts . 1,095 were confirmed gang members with rest being gang-affiliated suspects .
The operation targeted gang members and their associates in cases on “ transnational criminal activity , ” including suspected drug traffickers , weapons smugglers , sex traffickers , and murder and racketeering suspects . About half a million dollars and 238 firearms were seized , officials said .
In San Antonio , Texas , 933 U.S. citizens and 445 are foreign nationals were arrested in a Gang related operation . Agents found cocaine , methamphetamine , heroin , four guns , and confiscated $ 48,000 in cash , officials said .
In San Diego , they found 17 firearms , meth , marijuana and over $ 25,000 cash .
Younger members are now quicker to pull triggers over simple disputes , police say , and the old codes of conduct and family dynamics have gradually been overshadowed by the drive for wealth and individual standing . Instead of being motivated by honor , turf and colors , so-called hybrid gangs appear more into the profits of criminal enterprise and boasting about their power on social media .
According to the National Gang Intelligence Center ( NGIC ) , members can be as young as 12 , and recruitment efforts in some cities now target elementary school students as early as first grade .
MOTIVATIONS OF GANG LIFE
Gang recruitment is considered a serious social problem . Risk factors tie to other social problems .
Poverty strongly correlates with cycles of addiction and abusive relationships , and children born into unstable homes naturally seek protection and opportunity .
In 2013 , Psychology Today published a story by Robert Muller on the findings of investigative reporter Joe Killian , who years earlier had interviewed 40 gang members from Greensboro , N.C . They said gangs provided an “ intense feeling of family , ” and that membership held the promise of Cinderella stories they 'd seen in movies . “ Coupled with a lack of support and guidance from positive role models , oftentimes a life of relative poverty and few alternate activities to occupy their attention , it becomes easy for this youth to be wooed by the false promise of a glamorous lifestyle and for older gang members to step into the role of mentor , ” Muller wrote .
Research out of England 's University of Kent last year indicated that data on the mental health of gang members are scarce . The study points to anxiety , depression and post-traumatic stress disorder stemming from the violent lifestyle , and suggests that effects of being both victim and perpetrator are “ likely to have a negative impact on their behavioral , social and psychological functioning . ”
Nationally , strategies that have proven successful in rooting out hybrid gangs include examining chronic offenders , tracing seized guns and taking better advantage of officer-initiated stops , though Sousa stresses that officers must be trained not to alienate or lose the trust of the community . They add that gang members might not take any effort by law enforcement seriously , considering arrests a “ badge of honor . ”
Although all-female gangs are less common — constituting two of the 557 documented gangs in the Las Vegas Valley — Sgt . Anthony Longo from Metro 's gang unit said many of the same factors lure women to gangs : money , the thrill and the sense of camaraderie .
“ The female gang part of gang membership has been there for almost as long as the male gang members , ” they said . “ You just do n't see them as often . ”
Often times , Longo said , male gang members let females , who may be their girlfriends or sisters , use their vehicles and stay at their houses in exchange for the females helping them commit crimes .
Police said there are about 1,500 documented female gang members and more than 13,500 documented male gang members in the Las Vegas Valley as of 2010 .
The Las Vegas hoods of the West Side in the heart of the city 's community and where the community was started at , has many areas like Valley View , Crip City , Burgundy Square , Vegas Heights , 40 Block and more .
The West Side Las Vegas hoods the biggest areas were the projects like Marble Manor known as the Coast or the Jetz in Sherman Gardens , along with the old projects of Herbert Gerson and Madison Terrace .
The Las Vegas gangs and hoods of North Town has areas like 004 Hoods or Hoodsmen , the Rose Gardens , White Street , DSV of Diana Street , and the notorious Donna Blocc .
Featured Image : Las Vegas Gangs
Contributing Sources : Review Journal Las Vegas Sun Las Vegas Sun
Related Articles : Will Nevada Change the Way America Defines Terrorists
Federal officials have opened up an investigation into whether or not Cliven Bundy supporters damaged a protected archaeological site when they rode all-terrain vehicles through it during a weekend protest .
On Saturday , hundreds of protesters gathered near southern Utah 's Recapture Canyon , voicing their opposition to the fact that the area has been closed to recreational vehicles by the Bureau of Land Management since 2007 . After the rally , dozens of people descended upon the canyon in ATVs , driving the vehicles through restricted areas .
As RT reported previously , the BLM had barred motorized vehicles from Recapture Canyon after it discovered an illegal trail that was built through Native American archaeological sites – home to artifacts , dwellings and other objects left behind by the ancient Pueblo tribe that were as old as 2,000 years .
According to Reuters , local sheriff 's deputies and undercover BLM agents kept an eye on the protest as it unfolded , gathering information for a probe that could lead to charges if damages are confirmed .
`` At the end of the BLM 's investigation , all evidence will be referred to the US Attorney 's Office for potential civil or criminal action , '' agency spokesperson Megan Crandall told the news outlet .
As noted by the Associated Press , between 40 and 50 ATV riders went out onto the trail , many sporting American flags and possessing weapons as they rode through the canyon . No arrests were made and no violence was reported , but one Colorado-based environmental group said the government should press charges .
`` It 's not appropriate to break the law , do an illegal ride and go into the canyons with weapons , '' Shelley Silbert of the Great Old Broads for Wilderness group said to the AP . `` That 's very different than a non-violent , civil disobedience protest . ''
For protesters , however , sealing off the park to motorized vehicles was yet another example of government “ overreach ” regarding public land . The man behind the protest – San Juan County Commissioner Phil Lyman – criticized the BLM not only for closing off Recapture Canyon , but also for not processing “ right of way ” requests that would 've allowed vehicles to re-enter the area .
`` This was never an ATV agenda , '' Lyman told Reuters . `` It had to do with the BLM not following its own process and ignoring the people most effected by its decisions . ''
`` We 're not proponents of breaking the law , '' they said on Saturday . `` This was a supervisor 's discretionary closure . It 's a county road . We claim it . Just because BLM owns the property , that does n't mean they own the right-of-way that exists . ''
Although Lyman – who said they orchestrated the protest as private citizen – expressed concern over the possibility that charges may be levied , it remains unclear if such a development will occur . They added that when they visited the site of the protest again on Sunday there was no damage noticeable .
Speaking on Monday , Jerry Spangler of the Colorado Plateau Archaeological Alliance cautioned what it would mean for Recapture Canyon to be spoiled by the protests .
`` Damage to archaeological sites is permanent and the information about our collective past is then lost forever , '' they said . `` It is sad that irreplaceable treasures of importance to all Americans would be sacrificed on the altar of anti-government fervor . It is worse that protesters would be so blinded to their own insensitivity as to what others consider to be sacred treasures of their past . ''
Land rights disputes have made headlines in the US ever since an armed confrontation occurred between the BLM and Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy in April . The BLM claimed Bundy owed taxpayers $ 1 million in unpaid grazing fees and attempted to seize their cattle before the rancher 's supporters – including armed militia members – came to their defense . Bundy said they do not owe the government anything , since he 's been working on land used by their ancestors .
This morning the Portland Timbers made their fourth homegrown player signing since since joining Major League Soccer , adding former Timbers Academy and Portland Timbers 2 player Marco Farfan to the first team .
A left back by trade , Farfan has been turning heads with their play for T2 this summer , showing that they had the skill to hang with the professionals as they made eighteen starts for the Timbers ' USL side in the 2016 season .
Farfan , 17 , has garnered attention at the national level for their play , just recently returning from a call up to the United States U-19 Men 's National Team alongside fellow Timbers academy product Jacob Montes .
While Farfan seems like a probable loanee to T2 for next season , their progression through the team 's system is a promising one for the Timbers as the side look to produce the sort of talent that they can build around in the long term . What 's more , Farfan 's rapid improvement with T2 this season should give Timbers fans every reason to hope that the youngster can continue to improve and might someday soon be vying for a first team spot .
The Timbers ' press release :
Gavin Adresen has provided the bitcoin community with an update related to the ongoing distributed denial of service attack ( DDOS ) that takes advantage of the transaction malleability issue we 've been reported so much on these past two days .
“ Somebody ( or several somebodies ) is taking advantage of the transaction malleability issue and relaying mutated versions of transactions , ” wrote Andresen on a blog post . “ This is exposing bugs in both the reference implementation and some exchange 's software . ”
Users of the reference implementation who are bitten by this bug may see their bitcoins “ tied up ” in unconfirmed transactions ; we need to update the software to fix that bug , so when they upgrade those coins are returned to the wallet and are available to spend again . Only users who make multiple transactions in a short period of time will be affected
Andresen confirms that work on these transaction malleability-related bug fixes are underway .
We ( core dev team , developers at the exchanges , and even big mining pools ) are creating workarounds and fixes right now , ” they wrote .
No word on just when a proper workaround or fix will be in place , but we expect Andresen to update the community accordingly as developments come . Read the post on the Bitcoin Foundation 's blog here .
Top female cop in Concord sues city Police
The highest-ranking woman in the Concord Police Department has sued the city , saying they are being harassed and discriminated against because of them gender .
Lt. Robin Heinemann , a 21-year department veteran , said in their suit in Contra Costa County Superior Court that they and other female officers are powerless in a `` de facto hierarchy '' that is based upon a `` presumption of male supremacy . ''
Concord 's Police Department is `` rife with overt hostility and disparate treatment toward female officers , '' said the suit , which Heineman filed Wednesday .
Heinemann was promoted to lieutenant in 2001 , two years after the city paid $ 1.25 million to settle a previous sexual-discrimination lawsuit in which they and other current or former female officers were plaintiffs .
Nevertheless , `` she has not been permitted to exercise the powers and privileges of their rank to the same extent as male supervisors , '' the suit said .
Instead , Heinemann was the target of `` trumped-up '' internal-affairs investigations alleging they were dishonest and disrespectful to superiors , while male officers who were accused of wrongdoing went unpunished , especially if they were friends of Chief David Livingston and Capt . Dan Siri , the suit said .
Siri forced Heinemann to write unnecessary memos describing what they would do to carry out certain assignments , which they found demeaning because no male officers were asked to prepare such memos , the suit said .
If Heinemann is being treated this way , `` there is really cause for great concern as to how all police officers are treated in this department , '' said their attorney , Stan Casper of Walnut Creek .
The suit seeks unspecified damages and names the city , Siri and Livingston as defendants . The city has not responded to the suit in court .
Livingston is running to replace Warren Rupf as Contra Costa County 's sheriff in 2011 . Rupf , who is retiring , has endorsed him .
The complaint is the latest in a spate of discrimination lawsuits filed against the city .
In July , Officer Lisa Capocci filed a sexual-harassment suit claiming they had been retaliated against for complaining about comments made by a supervisor , including `` I love you '' messages on their police-cruiser computer . Them suit is pending .
Picture for Representation Purpose only
At least seven sugarcane farmers , who were demanding the price of Rs . 3,100 per tonne for their produce , were brutally injured after the police started firing plastic bullets and resorted to lathi charge in Shevgaon region of Maharashtra . Hundreds of farmers had gathered in protest , demanding an increase in the fair and remunerative price ( FRP ) which has been decided as Rs . 2,550 for the current season .
The agitations which have been going on in various parts of Maharashtra for last few weeks , took a violent turn in Ahmednagar , Aurangabad and Solapur districts , especially the Shevgaon-Paithan stretch after the state machinery decided to interfere in the protest .
The agitators , led by the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana ( SSS ) and other farmer outfits , burned tyres and smashed road barricades . After an absurd complaint was lodged against the protesters on Tuesday , 13 SSS leaders were taken into custody . The complaint read that the commuters faced major problems as the protesters had blocked the roads connecting the Ahmednagar and Aurangabad districts .
Reports from the Paithan region showed that mills in these areas had promised to pay Rs . 2,500 per tonne to the farmers for cane last year . But the farmers got only Rs . 2,300 per tonne , with a payment of Rs 34 crore is still pending .
Most of the mills in the Paithan region are privately owned and the farmers were constantly raising their voices against the mills indulging in unfair practices . Following Wednesday 's protest , the mills have declared to collect the produce at price of Rs . 2,525 per tonne , which is lesser than the earlier decided FRP of Rs . 2,550 .
Condemning the brutal attack on farmers who were protesting for their rights , All India Kisan Sabha ( AIKS ) said in a statement that “ The BJP-led state government was given enough time for negotiations to settle their demands . But it did nothing of the kind and instead , has let loose the police on the fighting peasants . ”
The AIKS has put forward two demands : First , the state government must give immediate and adequate compensation to all the farmers injured in the police attack and must meet all their medical expenses and second , the state government must take immediate steps to ensure that the remunerative price at one and a half times the cost of production be given to the farmers growing sugarcane and all other crops .
Meanwhile , demanding better produce prices , sugarcane farmers in Narasinghpur district of Madhya Pradesh have also demonstrated on Wednesday . Over 50 % of the sugarcane 's total cultivation in Madhya Pradesh possesses Narsinghpur .
Currently , the farmers are getting only Rs . 270 per quintal for sugarcane from traders and sugar mills , whereas , they demand Rs . 350 to Rs . 400 for the same amount , a report from Narasinghpur says .
The farmers , who have been voicing their demands for a long time , on Saturday , collected blood samples and scripted their demands in blood on the district collectorate 's walls .
Using social media platforms and Whatsapp , the farmers mobilized and consolidated for their rights . However , Narasinghpur district administration , to suppress the farmers ' movement , banned the residents from posting or forwarding “ provocative ” messages and photographs on these platforms until early next year .
Earlier in June this year , BJP-led Madhya Pradesh government barbarically suppressed farmers ' movement and it resulted in the killing of seven farmers . And this is n't just the picture in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra . Farmers across the country are in deep crisis and they are strongly voicing their demands against the BJP-led Centre and its anti-farmer and pro-corporate policies .
Recently , addressing the issues of farmers , the India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee , the coalition of more than 180 peasantry organisations , completed a nationwide march “ Kisan Mukti Yatra ” and a campaign “ Kisan Ki Loot ” . The Yatras and campaign have reached out to more than 50 lakh farmers from various farming sectors across the country and mobilized the farmers and agricultural workers for the “ Kisan Mukti Sansad ” which is scheduled on November 20-21 .
Raising their rights and demands , the farmers and agricultural workers across the country are all set to flood in the streets of the Delhi on November 20-21 for the Kisan Mukti Sansad .
2016 has been an excellent year for Bitcoin in many respects . Scalability innovations like Segregated Witness have been introduced to the Bitcoin community , many successful Blockchain and Lightning Network tests have taken place , and many new markets have turned to Bitcoin as a viable currency option .
The price of Bitcoin has been a major positive in 2016 as well , with its value up by well over 75 percent . Dec. 1 , 2016 marks the highest Bitcoin price measured in over two and a half years .
New Bitcoin High for 2016
According to BitcoinAverage , the price of Bitcoin passed the $ 760 mark on Thursday night , marking a new high for 2016 and eclipsing the $ 758 value from the last day of Spring on June 19 , 2016 .
The average Bitcoin price has not been at this level since Feb. 6 , 2014 , when the Bitcoin community began to discover that Mt . Gox was going to completely collapse .
The value of Bitcoin did n't stop falling throughout 2014 and did n't bottom out until midway through January 2015 , when the price dropped below $ 200 .
The reasons for this recent surge in price is fairly straightforward . Many countries national currency values are in a state of despair due to recent events , including Venezuela , Great Britain , Italy and Brazil . Most notably and maybe most directly influencing this increase is the economic problems in India .
Premium Pricing in India
The first day of the month is a national payday for many people and businesses , and the level of paper currency is nowhere near what is needed to properly fund this economy . Bitcoin prices in India have exploded , last week reaching close to $ 1,000 as the area tries to exchange value through companies like Zebpay and Unocoin .
Obviously , this premium pricing for Bitcoin , along with more transactions needed in the country , is having an impact on the average global market price .
Government sources in India hint that the currency issues in India may persist and people should get comfortable with making digital payments . This seems to be exactly what people in India are doing with the digital currency .
Blockchain.info reported on Thursday that this week has seen the most Bitcoin transactions in the company 's history .
They reported a record of over 330,000 transactions in a day , over 2,000,000 transactions from Nov. 20-27 , and a cache of backlog transactions tens of thousands long , again resulting in an overall rise in recent Bitcoin value .
This first appeared at the CoinTelegraph .
Final score : Panthers 27 , Seahawks 23
» Full list of the Top 20 Games of 2015
The right of passage for a successful NFL team goes through Seattle .
All the dabbing , sideline karaoke of `` Sweet Caroline , '' and boy they 're good even without Kelvin Benjamin talk did not begin for the Panthers until they pulled off a road win in the Pacific Northwest . This is nothing new . Despite their legendary while still active status , Bill Belichick and Tom Brady had to outlast these Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX to win their first Lombardi Trophy in a decade . But it 's not just the Cam Newtons ' of the world , or the Evil Empire for that matter , that needed the 12 's proverbial stamp of approval .
Look no further than Carolina 's opponent for the NFC crown . No one bought into Bruce Arians ' Cardinals -- a team that had n't done diddley poo since the mid 1970s , and even then not much -- until they walked into Century Link Field and beat Seattle 17-10 in 2013 . This came one year after falling 58-0 there . When Carson Palmer and company did it again in this season , analysts were saying Arizona was suddenly a Super Bowl team .
In 2014 the upstart team was Dallas . The Cowboys came out of nowhere to finish 12-4 , riding a stout offensive line that paved the way for the league 's leading rusher , and the rebirth of one Tony Romo . Even though Romo had always been a fantastic player , and the Dallas front wall was filled with first round draft picks , who was paying attention until they bested the Seahawks at their place ? In fact , that was No . 2 on our Top 20 Games list for that season .
And then there are the Packers , who for all of their success since winning Super Bowl XLV , are 0-3 in Seattle since .
The Panthers bested Green Bay . The Cowboys , too . Yet , the day they became for real in league observers ' eyes was the afternoon they took down Pete Carroll 's two-time defending NFC Champion Seahawks in their own backyard . Nevermind that it was a gritty affair , and more than worthy of being Our Second Top Game of 2015 . It might have been a passing of the torch , as all opponents -- including these Seahawks -- massively failed at Carolina this season ( SEE : Palmer , NFC Championship ) . All told , teams went 0-10 in Charlotte , with the Panthers winning by an average score of 34.4 to 17.5 . Read that stat line again .
Carolina 's win in Seattle was a signal that there was a new boss in the NFC .
Drive of the Game
The Panthers were down 20-7 , then 23-14 , before managing to claw their way to 23-20 . After Seattle punter John Ryan boomed a 68-yarder Carolina had the ball at its own 20-yard line with two minutes and change to play .
Enter Cam Newton , league MVP .
The franchise quarterback completed six passes in a row ( we 're not counting spiking the ball to save time ) in moving the offense 80 yards down the field . They did it attacking the strength of the top defense over the last four years -- its secondary -- to the most derided group of receivers in the league . Jonathan Stewart caught the first ball . Then Ted Ginn , Jr. held on . Ed Dickson was Newton 's next target . Rookie Devin Funchess contributed . Then 75-year-old Jerricho Cotchery caught a pass to put the Panthers at the Seahawk 26 .
Ginn . Dickson . Funchess . Cotchery . The nucleus of an 0-13 fantasy team .
After spiking the ball , there were 36 ticks on the clock . Offensive coordinator Mike Shula sent in a play that called for Greg Olsen to run a nine route straight up the seam , all the way into the endzone . Why not take a shot here ? It 's much easier to try here compared to when you get closer to the goal and the field gets squeezed .
Watching the play unfold on TV , you could see Newton calmly set up , and loft the ball deep . Why is Cam , king of the rocketball , lofting it ! ? Surely no one is that open . Olsen was . Miscommunication in the Seattle secondary left the Panthers tight end running room , and their quarterback laid it right in there . It was , in two words , totally awesome .
From the Box Score
Do n't call them sexy , call Jonathan Stewart effective . Although it might not wow you , Stewart 's 20 carries for 78 yards in this game were huge . They were a key ingredient of the Panthers outmuscling the Seahawks , particularly in the red zone . Both Stewart 's touchdown runs came in the second half with Carolina dearly needing sixes , not threes .
This also marked the first of eight straight games in which Stewart carried the football at least 20 times . When Stewart got hurt in Atlanta in Week 15 , the streak stopped . Ditto the Panthers ' unbeaten streak . Do n't misunderstand , Newton certainly deserved the league MVP . But there was an underrated MVP on this outfit , named J-Stew . They fell just short of 1,000 yards , despite playing in only 12.5 games .
With Marshawn Lynch retired , and Eddie Lacy fighting through conditioning issues , Stewart might be the best true power back in the league .
Historical Symmetry
Historical Symmetry ? Call it déjà vu symmetry .
Olsen managed another important touchdown , running up the seam , against these very Seahawks , three months later in the Divisional Round of the playoffs . The only difference was that they were on the left side of the formation . Well , that and the coverage was in the right place this time .
Newton threw the ball where only Olsen could get it and their Pro Bowl tight end made an all-world catch .
Why This Game is No . 2
Do n't think there will be too much debate about this game being so high on our list of the Top 20 Games of 2015 . The AFC Championship certainly received consideration for the two-hole , as did another Seahawks game , the barnburner over the visiting Steelers .
Yet , Panthers at Seahawks was everything we wanted it to be . A tough , hard-nosed battle between the NFC 's bully in Seattle and the little-engine-that-could Panthers . Of course , after Carolina won , no one considered them an underdog anymore . Moreover , the manner in which they pulled it off -- on a Newton-to-Olsen beauty to complete a two-score comeback -- made our second top game look the every bit the part .
Visit NFL Game Center for more highlights and analysis from Panthers at Seahawks , Week 6 .
-- by Elliot Harrison . Follow Elliot on Twitter @ HarrisonNFL .
There is a degree of hyperbole one comes to expect from American activists around election time . Given the level of polarisation , this is hardly surprising . Every vote , you 're told , is about liberty , justice , the American dream , the constitution or the world one wants to leave your children or grandchildren . Then , often , half the eligible voters stay at home and , regardless of who wins , not an awful lot changes .
So when activists on both sides of the effort to recall Wisconsin 's governor insist `` everything '' is at stake , they should not be taken too literally . Nonetheless , this time they have a point .
The recall campaign was sparked last year when Republican governor Scott Walker pledged to remove collective bargaining rights from public sector unions and cut local government workers ' health benefits and pension entitlements , claiming this was necessary to balance the state 's budget . Walker , a Tea Party supporter , was elected in 2010 against Democrat Tom Barrett , with 52 % of the vote . By February 2011 , tens of thousands of protesters descended on the state capitol in Madison . In all 50 states , rallies were held to support Wisconsin unions . Before tents ever went up on Wall Street , this midwestern state was occupied . Unable to prevent passage of their anti-union bill and other measures , labour activists and progressives collected more than 900,000 signatures to recall him .
That makes Tuesday 's vote a rare chance for a clear referendum on who should pay for this economic crisis – those who created it or those who have suffered most because of it . So in a state with a larger population than Ireland 's and a GDP greater than Portugal 's , people here will vote on the causes and consequences of austerity .
Walker 's record speaks for itself . In their first year in office Wisconsin lost more jobs than any other state , and was one from last in private sector job growth . They have cut tax relief to low-income families and the state 's Medicaid program . They have introduced a voter ID bill that will limit minority and low-income electoral participation , reproductive rights legislation that has forced Planned Parenthood to suspend providing basic services to women and repealed the law that protects equal pay for women .
Meanwhile , according to the Wall Street Journal , union membership has slumped since they banned automatic deduction of union dues from salaries . The WSJ reported that membership of the state 's second largest public sector union , the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , fell by more than half in Walker 's first year while the American Federation of Teachers lost more than a third of its members .
Unemployment has fallen , although that is most likely because people have left the job market and , depending on your accountant , they have balanced the budget . They have cut property taxes for the first time in 12 years and given millions in tax breaks to corporations .
In short , they have hammered working people , undermined the capacity of those who represent them and marginalised many of those who might vote for their interests while effecting a massive redistribution of wealth from the poor to the rich : a more balanced budget for a more unequal society .
The degree to which they are successful in this project has national implications and resonates with struggles that are taking place globally . Neither the unions nor the poor are responsible for this crisis but across the world they have been scapegoated for it .
In the US , unemployment has rarely been this bad for this long , wages have rarely been this stagnant and corporate profits , as a proportion of GDP , have never been this high . In that context the referendum raises the question : should the burden for the recession , precipitated by a banking crisis , fall on labour or capital ?
Conservatives seem to understand this . In a large Tea Party rally of several thousand in Racine on Saturday , speakers railed against `` union thugs '' `` union bullies '' and `` pinko commies '' . Walker has been caught on video telling a donor , shortly before they announced the cuts , that they intended to use a strategy of `` divide and conquer '' to defeat the public sector unions by driving a wedge between them and private sector workers . They also see the broader implications in an election year where the economy will take centre stage . Political and financial support has flooded in from around the country . `` We are going to chart the course for the rest of the country , '' said the state 's lieutenant governor , Rebecca Kleefisch , who is also being recalled .
The activists on the ground calling for Walker 's recall understand this also . Ask them what 's at stake and most will say women 's rights , union rights and voters ' rights . But the Democratic leadership , both locally and nationally , who have taken over the recall effort , clearly do n't . They have run a campaign calling for more consensual governance and less divisive rhetoric and accusing Walker of being corrupt . Bill Clinton , who came to town to stump for Barrett on Friday , called for `` creative co-operation '' , bringing unions and business around the table to discuss common interests . There are times that can work . But not when unions are not allowed through the door , let alone at the table .
Nationally , Democrats have kept their distance . Clinton is the only high-profile Democrat to lend their support to a campaign that is being outspent by more than seven to one . Little wonder that most polls show Walker with a small but persistent lead that only a huge Democratic turnout can override . Indeed it 's amazing their opponents are doing as well as they are .
So while conservatives are using Wisconsin as a laboratory to openly wage class war , the Democratic leadership keeps extending their hand and singing Kumbaya . The problem is not simply that Walker is divisive – though that is a problem – but that he 's on the wrong side of the divide . Calls for unity are meaningless without first spelling out on what basis people should unite and working out where the disunity came from in the first place .
`` You get out of a ditch when people stand on each other 's shoulders and the person at the top starts pulling people out , '' said Clinton . True . But the last people you 'd rely on are those who dug the ditch and shoved you in – particularly when they 're still building and still shoving .
twitter/ @ garyyounge
New York - `` Venezuela , which is the last dictatorship in Latin America , has no legitimacy to attack Morocco and the recovery of its Sahara , '' Morocco 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations , Omar Hilale , said during the 4th Committee of the General Assembly of the United Nations .
New York – “ Venezuela , which is the last dictatorship in Latin America , has no legitimacy to attack Morocco and the recovery of its Sahara , ” Morocco 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations , Omar Hilale , said during the 4th Committee of the General Assembly of the United Nations .
This came following a statement of Venezuela 's ambassador , who described the Sahara as “ the last colony in Africa . ”
Morocco “ recovered its Sahara which was under Spanish occupation , while Venezuela claims half of Guyana 's territory under the pretext of territorial integrity , ” they pointed out , adding that “ Venezuela will become the first colonizer of the 21st century . ”
“ Saharawi population in Laayoune , Dakhla and Smara live in freedom , without fear or violation of their rights . This is not the case in the last dictatorship in Latin America . Venezuelan political leaders are kidnapped , imprisoned and tortured and innocent demonstrators are killed on the streets of Caracas , ” they went on .
According to US media , “ citizens ' quality of life in the Sahara is a thousand times better than that of citizens in the last dictatorship in Latin America , ” they noted .
Some 28 heads of State sent a motion to the Chairman of the African Union for the immediate suspension of the so-called “ Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic , ” Hilale said , noting that several countries withdrew their recognition of the so-called SADR . This was the case for Zambia and Jamaica , who withdrew their recognition of “ SARD ” recently , they said .
Soon there will be no country to recognize this ghostly republic , the ambassador added .
You know that feeling of standing in your closet filled with clothes , but you have nothing to wear ?
Most people believe that feeling is the brainchild of evil of branding and marketing experts conspiring to make you addicted to wanting more stuff .
Trust me , marketers wish they could dupe you into buying things you do n't want . Heck , I 'd be a billionaire by now if we 'd cracked that .
The simple truth is you ca n't make people buy something they do n't want .
You can , however , make people buy things they do n't need .
I arguably do n't need more than one shirt . Functionally , it covers me and protects me from nature .
But I NEED 12 shirts because if I show up to client meetings in the same outfit over and over again , there are tangible consequences to my career .
In the best-case scenario it becomes a “ thing ” and I get to make a social statement about it ( ergo , The Jobs Turtleneck ) . In the worst-case scenario , it becomes a point of mockery that comes with not-so-nice implications about my character . ( Exhibit A
Given the track record of my life , it 's gon na be the latter .
Which means , I 'm not being materialistic when I go on a shopping frenzy for shirts . I 'm being practical .
Odds are , so are you . Because the real reason we buy things we do n't need is not as simple as “ we 're vain materialistic capitalists ! ” The real reason has to do with how shopping came to be in the first place .
Shopping was invented
Yes , invented .
Back in the day , the ultra wealthy were the only ones who had lots of things . And they certainly did not “ shop ” for them .
Clothing was made by a custom tailor , art was commissioned or inherited , and dinnerware was a family heirloom . You got bragging rights for quality , durability , and longevity .
If you were n't wealthy , then you were SOL
Normal people had fewer things because they were difficult to manufacture and produce ( and therefore , expensive ) .
There was n't much to shop for because you could n't produce anything at scale ( yet ) .
You had one coat . One pair of gloves . One pair of shoes . One pair of pants . And you took care of your stuff because you did n't have much of it .
Plus , you did n't need more things because upward mobility was n't a reality for most people .
If you were a servant , for example , you did n't need nice dancing shoes or a tie bar . Where would you use them ? You had your servant outfit and your casual outfit and that was it . You were n't doing anything besides working and sleeping .
The notion of “ options ” for ordinary people was revolutionary .
There 's a great scene in the PBS series Mr. Selfridge ( about the mogul who brought the department store to London ) where Mr. Selfridge walks into a glove store and asks to see more options .
The lady who helps them is promptly fired as a result of their behavior . To be clear , their “ behavior ” was helping a customer browse options .
The scene is fictional , but the point still stands : You went into a store to buy something or you did n't go in at all .
It was all very practical and very formal . “ You need something to cover your hands because it 's cold ? Here is something to cover your hands . Good-bye . ”
You chose from what they gave you . There was no “ shopping around ” because there were no other places to go .
This guy changed that . The idea of shopping-as-a-leisure-activity came from Mr. Selfridge .
Shopping , in its inception , introduced the freedom of expression and freedom of choice into the mainstream .
It was the first time in history where things that were confined to the upper class were suddenly accessible to anyone .
Consider the first soap bar you did n't have to make yourself . Or the first pair of gloves you did n't have to sew yourself . Or the first pair of shoes you did n't have to wear daily . Or the first pencils you could get in en masse .
( Side note : in getting distracted while writing this article , stumbled upon this awesome history of tape , another thing we did n't have . )
All of these things are staples in our lives today , but they were n't for most of human history .
Technically , we did n't need any of them for survival , but they made life easier and more efficient .
These things made it so you were n't concerned 24/7 with the business of survival . You could concern yourself with thriving .
That was emancipation my friends , not materialism .
Increased access to “ things we do n't need ” ( or , more accurately , “ things we lived without for centuries , but now have ” ) had massive cultural consequences .
Consider this : You 're a woman who 's worked as a ladies ' maid for 25 years .
You watched your masters live in luxury for 25 years . They go to exclusive parties and events decked out in fancy clothes , nice fabrics , and all the latest styles . You dreamed of donning those outfits , but it 's always been just that – a dream .
Then the department store comes along .
That nice dress you 've been dreaming about for 25 years is suddenly accessible to you .
Do you want it ?
Yes .
Do you need it ?
No . Where are you going to go in that kind of dress ?
Except in your mind , you 're not thinking about the use of the dress . Because you were never buying “ a dress . ”
You were buying your permission slip into a life you never dreamed possible for you .
We never buy what we think we 're buying .
We do n't buy things .
We buy how things make us feel .
Take Uggs .
No one has a desire to own Uggs .
It does n't make sense .
You have a desire to be comfortable and a desire to fit in . That 's why you buy Uggs .
And when you wear your Uggs , you get the feelings that you purchased . You feel comfortable and you feel like you fit in with your group of friends .
This is further evidenced by the reasons people cite for not buying Uggs : They do not want to feel like they fit in with the kinds of people who would buy Uggs .
Because purchases are emotional .
No matter how inconsequential of a purchase decision you deem it – you 're still choosing it based on emotion . Even commodities .
“ But I just pick the cheapest and move on with my life . How is that emotional ? ”
It 's emotional because there are implications about you built into the purchase .
If you view yourself as a salt-of-the-earth self-made man immune to the effects of advertising , well , buying cheap is very emotional because it affirms your self-concept .
Self concept : “ I 'm smarter than every other shopper , they 're fallin ' for this brand bull $ % ^ & . Mmm mm not me . ”
Try getting someone like that to buy the expensive bolt at the hardware store .
If they do , they 'll be pissed about it ALL day . You do n't get pissed about things you do n't feel something about . Pissed is an emotion .
More than affirming your self-concept , you 're also not buying what you think you 're buying .
You think you 're buying a bolt , but you 're actually buying that teaching moment you 're about to have in the backyard with your son .
Same thing with a gym membership . You 're not buying a gym membership . You 're buying your dream body .
Same thing with green juice . You 're not buying green juice . You 're buying permission to be naughty later without feeling guilty .
Same thing with a table . You 're not buying a table . You 're buying your fantasy social life where you host parties with wealthy friends who set their drinks on your expensive table .
You 're never buying what you think you 're buying .
Thanks to shopping-as-emancipation from restrictive social , economic , and gender norms , we started this whole “ materialism ” thing on a really positive note .
Which is why it 's really tough to undo it all now that we have plenty of stuff .
“ Stuff ” equaled upward mobility , convenience , and portability . Stuff made life easier . Stuff made life better .
We 've set up a system where “ stuff ” is a prerequisite for success .
( You try getting a job without a smart phone and only one pair of pants . Good luck to you . )
Stuff was n't ever about stuff .
It was and still is about success . About moving up in the world . About a life bigger and better than the one you have .
That 's why we buy things we do n't need .
Because we think we need them .
GLENS FALLS , NY — Downtown retail shop owner and musician Robin Barkenhagen on Friday announced their candidacy for Glens Falls councilman at-large on the Green Party line .
`` Being a member of the Green Party , I believe that I can bring a fresh perspective to the issues that we face in the city , while not losing sight of the fact that I need to represent the best interests of our citizens , '' Barkenhagen said in a press release .
The Post Star
February , 3 , 2017
The councilman at-large is elected citywide and serves as president of the Common Council .
They will run against Republican Jane Reid , currently 3rd Ward councilwoman , for an open seat .
A Democratic candidate has not been announced .
Barkenhagen is vice president of The Glens Collaborative , a group that promotes downtown and plans special events , and treasurer of Warren County Green Party .
They were the Green Party candidate for state Assembly in 2016 and 2002 .
Reid , a lawyer , ran unopposed for 3rd Ward councilwoman in 2013 , and is completing their four-year term .
They previously served eight years on the Glens Falls Planning Board and 15 years on the Glens Falls School Board , including 11 years as president .
Peter Watts is the Hugo-winning Canadian author of Blindsight , described by The Globe and Mail as , “ a hard science fiction writer through and through and one of the very best alive , ” which is a reputation they have lived up to among fans of hard science fiction . Through their Spring/Summer catalog , Tor has revealed details about Echopraxia , their first novel since 2006 .
Prepare for a different kind of singularity in this follow-up to the Hugo-nominated novel Blindsight . It 's the eve of the twenty-second century : a world where the dearly departed send postcards back from Heaven and evangelicals make scientific breakthroughs by speaking in tongues ; where genetically engineered vampires solve problems intractable to baseline humans and soldiers come with zombie switches that shut off self-awareness during combat . And it 's all under surveillance by an alien presence that refuses to show itself . Daniel Bruks is a living fossil : a field biologist in a world where biology has turned computational , a cat's-paw used by terrorists to kill thousands . Taking refuge in the Oregon desert , he 's turned their back on a humanity that shatters into strange new subspecies with every heartbeat . But they awaken one night to find themselves at the center of a storm that will turn all history inside-out . Now he 's trapped on a ship bound for the center of the solar system . To their left is a grief-stricken soldier , obsessed by whispered messages from a dead son . To their right is a pilot who has n't yet found the man she 's sworn to kill on sight . A vampire and its entourage of zombie bodyguards lurk in the shadows behind . And dead ahead , a handful of rapture-stricken monks takes them all to a meeting with something they will only call “ The Angels of the Asteroids. ” Their pilgrimage brings Dan Bruks , the fossil man , face-to-face with the biggest evolutionary breakpoint since the origin of thought itself .
Before becoming a writer , Watts acquired a PhD in Zoology and Resource Ecology from the University of British Columbia , which makes me even more curious to see that Echopraxia appears to deal with the merging of biology and technology . Watts is known as one of the best authors at weaving intelligent scientific exploration and debate into the narratives of their story , and everything about the synopsis for Echopraxia tugs at my interests . Peter Watts can be trusted with big ideas , and Echopraxia appears to be full of them .
Watts ' most famous novel , Blindsight had , erm… less than inspiring cover art , so it 's nice to see Tor giving them the attention that a writer of their calibre deserves . There 's an obvious similarity to covers for James S.A. Corey 's enormously popular Expanse trilogy , but the clean typography separates the two and also brings to mind Tor 's equally impressive work on the John Harris covers for John C. Wright 's Count to the Eschaton Sequence . I 'm not sure how anyone could pass this book in a bookstore and not pick it up .
Downloads / Arma 3 / Addons / Gear / Hidden Identity Pack V2
Author : Cunico
Author Website :
Requirements : No addons required
Version : 2.1
Signed : Yes , serverkey included
Short description : This adds different shemaghs and hoods .
CunicoNo addons required2.1Yes , serverkey includedThis adds different shemaghs and hoods . Date : 2014-03-21 09:00
Comments :
Rating : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 2014-03-21 09:00
Hidden Identity Pack V.2 by
Cunico byCunico
Description :
This adds different shemaghs and hoods .
Installation :
Extract into the ArmA 3 Directory , by default this is located in :
32-Bit - C : \Program Files\Steam/Steamapps\Common\ArmA 3\
64-Bit - C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Steam/Steamapps\Common\ArmA 3\
After extraction it should look like this : Steam\Steamapps\Common\ArmA 3\ @ your_mod_folder_name\addons\
You can also use the `` Arma 3 Alpha '' folder in your `` My Documents '' folder . Your folder setup could than look like for example this :
mydocuments\Arma3 Alpha\ @ your_mod_folder_name1\addons\
mydocuments\Arma3 Alpha\ @ your_mod_folder_name2\addons\
mydocuments\Arma3 Alpha\ @ your_mod_folder_name2\addons\
When present place the `` userconfig '' folder into your game install folder , usually :
`` C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Steam\steamapps\common\Arma 3 '' .
You may already have `` userconfig '' folder from other addons and/or mods in which case it is safe to merge the contents from this archive .
You 'll also need to add a Launch Parameter to Steam , in order to do so right-click on ArmA 3 Alpha and click Properties and then Set Launch Options . In the window that opens enter in -mod= @ your_mod_folder_name
For using multiple mods you would then do so like this : -mod= @ mod_name ; @ mod_name2 ; @ mod_name3 ; @ mod_name4 ; @ mod_name5
Note :
You can also use -nosplash to get rid of the splash art and intro videos .
And of course you can also enable and disable community made addons and mods through the in-game Options Expansions menu if you do not want to mess with startup parameters !
When the above information still does not provide you with enough to learn how to install custom addons and mods you can always ask in our
Included files :
tacticalhoodg.pbo
shemaghs.pbo
sasshemagh.pbo
pulledup.pbo
necktight.pbo
neckloose.pbo
m50gasmask.pbo
gasmask.pbo
balaclava.pbo
Usage :
Classnames can be found in the included readme !
Also , a brief run down on the `` ( T ) '' abrievations next to the names .
Basically this is what they mean .
( T ) = Tight
( L ) = Loose
( LCG ) = Loose Clear Glasses
( LOG ) = Loose Orange Glasses
( LBG ) = Loose Black Glasses
etc . hopefully you get the idea
Credits & Thanks :
+Keegan : for all of the real feedback on the models and textures
+Community : Thanks for the encouragement to actually make me want to release this pack
+Men & Woman of the Military : Thank you for your Service
+DaveGary for the Oakley Frames and feedback
+Thanks to Da12thMonkey for the description on RVMATs
Changelog :
v2.1
- Added Tactical Hoods
- Added Tactical Shades to the shemaghs and hoods
- Changed some models
- Fixed some clipping issues
- Kinda fixed all the see through shemaghs , WIP
- Updated the `` ReadMe '' with the new classnames .
v2.0
- first release
Forum topic :
- BI forums
You are using our website as a guest . Guest have the lowest downloadspeeds and will download from our public file servers . If you would like to know how you can download with higher speeds and have to wait less while downloading check out the Armaholic subscription system .
When you have already subscribed and your account is not upgraded within 24 hours it means you probably forgot to include your username . If that is the case please contact us as soon as possible ! What is two plus two ? Type : Size : 26 MB Downloaded : 15410 times Report archive : Troubles downloading from Armaholic ?
Enable javascript to be able to download from Armaholic please ! This adds different shemaghs and hoods.Extract into the ArmA 3 Directory , by default this is located in:32-Bit - C : \Program Files\Steam/Steamapps\Common\ArmA 3\64-Bit - C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Steam/Steamapps\Common\ArmA 3\After extraction it should look like this : You can also use the `` Arma 3 Alpha '' folder in your `` My Documents '' folder . Your folder setup could than look like for example this : mydocuments\Arma3 Alpha\ @ your_mod_folder_name1\addons\mydocuments\Arma3 Alpha\ @ your_mod_folder_name2\addons\mydocuments\Arma3 Alpha\ @ your_mod_folder_name2\addons\When present place the `` userconfig '' folder into your game install folder , usually : '' C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Steam\steamapps\common\Arma 3 '' .You may already have `` userconfig '' folder from other addons and/or mods in which case it is safe to merge the contents from this archive.You 'll also need to add a Launch Parameter to Steam , in order to do so right-click on ArmA 3 Alpha and click Properties and then Set Launch Options . In the window that opens enter in -mod= @ your_mod_folder_nameFor using multiple mods you would then do so like this : You can also use -nosplash to get rid of the splash art and intro videos.And of course you can also enable and disable community made addons and mods through the in-game Options Expansions menu if you do not want to mess with startup parameters ! When the above information still does not provide you with enough to learn how to install custom addons and mods you can always ask in our Guide On Installing Mods tacticalhoodg.pboshemaghs.pbosasshemagh.pbopulledup.pbonecktight.pboneckloose.pbom50gasmask.pbogasmask.pbobalaclava.pboClassnames can be found in the included readme ! Also , a brief run down on the `` ( T ) '' abrievations next to the names.Basically this is what they mean . ( T ) = Tight ( L ) = Loose ( LCG ) = Loose Clear Glasses ( LOG ) = Loose Orange Glasses ( LBG ) = Loose Black Glassesetc . hopefully you get the idea+Keegan : for all of the real feedback on the models and textures+Community : Thanks for the encouragement to actually make me want to release this pack+Men & Woman of the Military : Thank you for your Service+DaveGary for the Oakley Frames and feedback+Thanks to Da12thMonkey for the description on RVMATsv2.1- Added Tactical Hoods- Added Tactical Shades to the shemaghs and hoods- Changed some models- Fixed some clipping issues- Kinda fixed all the see through shemaghs , WIP- Updated the `` ReadMe '' with the new classnames.v2.0- first release
Tags : Hoods , Shemaghs
Amazon Japan 's Best Game Of 2013 Is Monster Hunter 4 , Pokémon X Is Number 3
By Spencer . December 11 , 2013 . 1:24am
The best of list already ? We are n't even in 2014 yet ! Well , Amazon posted the top video game sellers between December 1 , 2012 to November 30 , 2013 as their best of 2013 video game list . Monster Hunter 4 unsurprisingly topped the charts , but the overall chart is pretty loaded with Nintendo 3DS games . Grand Theft Auto V for PlayStation 3 is the first console title and it comes in at number ten . Check below for top 20 lists for each console .
Best Overall
1 . ) Monster Hunter 4 ( 3DS )
2 . ) Animal Crossing : New Leaf ( 3DS )
3 . ) Pokémon X ( 3DS )
4 . ) Grand Theft Auto V ( PS3 )
5 . ) Pokémon Y ( 3DS )
6 . ) Dragon Quest VII ( 3DS )
7 . ) JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : All Star Battle ( PS3 )
8 . ) Tomodachi Collection : New Life ( 3DS )
9 . ) Yakuza 5 ( PS3 )
10 . ) Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney – Dual Destinies ( 3DS )
11 . ) Metal Gear Rising : Revengance ( PS3 )
12 . ) Luigi 's Mansion 2 ( 3DS )
13 . ) The Last of Us ( PS3 )
14 . ) Shin Megami Tensei IV ( 3DS )
15 . ) AKB 1/149 : Love Election ( PSP )
16 . ) Hatsune Miku : Project Diva f ( PS3 )
17 . ) New Super Mario Bros. U ( Wii U )
18 . ) Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix ( PS3 )
19 . ) God Eater 2 ( Vita )
20 . ) Gundam Breaker ( PS3 )
PLAYSTATION 3
1 . ) Grand Theft Auto V
2 . ) JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : All Star Battle
3 . ) Yakuza 5
4 . ) Metal Gear Rising : Revengance
5 . ) The Last of Us
6 . ) Call of Duty : Ghosts
7 . ) Hatsune Miku : Project Diva f
8 . ) Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix
9 . ) Gundam Breaker
10 . ) Earth Defense Force 2025
11 . ) Kamen Rider : Battride War
12 . ) Dynasty Warriors 8
13 . ) Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII
14 . ) One Piece : Pirate Warriors 2
15 . ) Dragon 's Crown
16 . ) Resident Evil : Revelations
17 . ) Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 ( Dubbed version )
18 . ) Dragon 's Dogma : Dark Arisen
19 . ) DmC
20 . ) World Soccer Winning Eleven 2014
PLAYSTATION VITA
1 . ) God Eater 2
2 . ) Danganronpa 1 & 2 Reload
3 . ) Phantasy Star Online 2 Special Package
4 . ) Toukiden : Age of Demons
5 . ) Soul Sacrifice
6 . ) Dragon 's Crown
7 . ) Photo Kano Kiss
8 . ) Senran Kagura : Shinovi Versus
9 . ) Tales of Hearts R
10 . ) AKB 1/149 : Love Election
12 . ) The Legend of Heroes : Trails in the Flash ( limited edition )
13 . ) Demon Gaze
14 . ) Persona 4 : Golden
15 . ) Hyperdimension Neptunia PP
16 . ) One Piece : Pirate Warriors 2
17 . ) My Teen Romantic Comedy Snafu
18 . ) Akiba 's Trip 2
19 . ) The Legend of Heroes : Trails in the Flash ( regular edition )
20 . ) Muramasa Rebirth
PSP
1 . ) AKB 1/149 : Love Election
2 . ) Summon Night 5
3 . ) Fate/Extra CCC
4 . ) Danganronpa ( PSP the Best )
5 . ) Sword Art Online : Infinity Moment ( limited edition )
6 . ) One Piece : Romance Dawn
7 . ) Sword Art Online : Infinity Moment ( regular edition )
8 . ) 7th Dragon 2020-II
9 . ) Super Danganronpa 2
10 . ) Amnesia
11 . ) Uta no Prince-sama All Star
12 . ) Shining Ark
13 . ) God Eater 2
14 . ) Pro Baseball Spirits 2013
15 . ) Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere Portable
16 . ) Digimon Adventure
17 . ) AKB 1/149 : Love Election
18 . ) Uta no Prince-sama Repeat
19 . ) Amnesia Later
20 . ) Brothers Conflict Passion Pink
NINTENDO 3DS
1 . ) Monster Hunter 4
2 . ) Animal Crossing : New Leaf
3 . ) Pokémon X
4 . ) Pokémon Y
5 . ) Dragon Quest VII
6 . ) Tomodachi Collection : New Life
7 . ) Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney – Dual Destinies
8 . ) Luigi 's Mansion 2
9 . ) Shin Megami Tensei IV
10 . ) Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy
11 . ) New Super Mario Bros. 2
12 . ) Etrian Odyssey Untold : Millennium Girl
13 . ) Paper Mario : Sticker Star
14 . ) Professor Layton vs . Ace Attorney
15 . ) Super Robot Wars UX
16 . ) Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate ( Best Price version )
17 . ) Disney Magic Castle : My Happy Life
18 . ) Mario Kart 7
19 . ) Mario & Luigi : Dream Team
20 . ) Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D
WII U
1 . ) New Super Mario Bros. U
2 . ) Nintendo Land
3 . ) Pikmin 3
4 . ) Super Mario 3D World
5 . ) Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate
6 . ) The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker HD
7 . ) New Super Luigi U
8 . ) Lego City Undercover
9 . ) Dragon Quest X
10 . ) Wii Party U
11 . ) Zombie U
12 . ) Game & Wario
13 . ) Taiko Drum Master Wii U Version
14 . ) Tank ! Tank ! Tank !
15 . ) Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 ( Dubbed version )
16 . ) Warriors Orochi 3 Hyper
17 . ) The Wonderful 101
18 . ) Resident Evil : Revelations
19 . ) Tekken Tag Tournament 2 Wii U Edition
20 . ) Sports Collection
WII
1 . ) Taiko Drum Master : Super Splendid Edition ( with drum )
2 . ) New Play Control : Pikmin 2
3 . ) Mario Kart Wii
4 . ) Super Smash Bros. Brawl
5 . ) New Super Mario Bros. Wii
6 . ) Taiko Drum Master : Super Splendid Edition
7 . ) Mario Party 9
8 . ) Kirby 's Return to Dreamland
9 . ) The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess
10 . ) Precure All Stars : Everyone Assembles Let 's Dance
11 . ) Dragon Quest X
12 . ) Xenoblade
13 . ) Wii Fit Plus
14 . ) Kirby 's 20th Anniversary Collection
15 . ) Wii Party
16 . ) Fitness Party
17 . ) Go Vacation
18 . ) Dragon Ball Z : Budokai Tenkaichi ( Nintendo 's Best Selection )
19 . ) Just Dance Wii 2
20 . ) Wii Sports Resort ( with Blue remote )
XBOX 360
1 . ) Grand Theft Auto V
2 . ) Earth Defense Force 2025
3 . ) Gears of War : Judgment & Xbox Live Gold Membership & Gears of War ( Games on Demand Code )
4 . ) Gears of War : Judgment
5 . ) Far Cry 3
6 . ) Bioshock Infinite
7 . ) Minecraft : Xbox 360 Edition
8 . ) Tomb Raider
9 . ) Steins ; Gate : Linear Bounded Phenogram ( limited edition )
10 . ) Call of Duty : Ghosts
11 . ) Splinter Cell : Blacklist
12 . ) Battlefield 4
13 . ) Monster Hunter Frontier G1 Premium Package
14 . ) Resident Evil : Revelations
15 . ) Dragon 's Dogma : Dark Arisen
16 . ) Dodonpachi Saidaioujou
17 . ) Saints Row the Third : Full Package
18 . ) Cave Shooting Collection
19 . ) Caladrius
20 . ) Steins ; Gate : Linear Bounded Phenogram ( regular version )
New report from Circle shows that millennials prefer digital money over cash
In a new report from Boston based bitcoin startup Circle , they surveyed 3000 individuals ( ages 18-70 ) in a national survey asking questions about banking , payments , and social norms . The results show that digital money trumps traditional money like cash , checks , and banks .
In the results it shows a shift in how millennials ( ages 18-35 ) use money compared to gen Xers and baby boomers , and how mobile apps and digital money such as bitcoin are changing the world we live in . In the findings it shows that over 62 % of millennials said they contact their bank less than twice annually , and more than half have n't been to a bank teller in more than a year . It also shows that 24 % of millennials said they carry no cash at all .
Money is digital and mobile
Another result of the survey showed that 80 % of millennials have one to three mobile apps linked to their bank account or credit cards and 50 % view money as a digital asset ; for example , bitcoin may be one of the strongest up and coming digital assets that is tangible that millennials can use and control without relying on a third party to manage it for them .
Also in the report , it states that half of the millennials have scrapped their cash and checks for mobile apps or digital money to settle debts . Overall the results demonstrate that younger people are departing from their parents ' generation when it comes to social norms associated with money sharing and payments .
This explains why Circle is attempting to tackle the payments space by taking advantage of the bitcoin blockchain . Since the blockchain enables fast , easy , and cheap payments , Circle is able to have their customers transact in a friction-less manner worldwide , which is exactly what millennials are after .
× Muncie police arrest man , recover gun stolen Anderson gun shop burglary
ANDERSON , Ind . ( September 2 , 2015 ) – Muncie police recovered a gun stolen during a gun shop burglary while making an arrest Tuesday .
The Anderson Police Department was contacted by Muncie police officials Wednesday morning , informing investigators they had recovered a handgun that was stolen during the August 13 burglary of Gunslingers Gun Shop in Anderson .
The handgun , a Bursa .380cal , was recovered during the arrest of D'Antae D. Williams , a 23 year-old Muncie resident .
The handgun was identified by manufacturer , model , caliber , and serial # . This makes the fourth firearm , all of which have been handguns , to be recovered from the burglary .
The Anderson Police Department is continuing to collaborate with a number of police agencies , in an attempt to recover additional stolen guns .
ANKARA , Turkey ( A.W . ) —Armenian member of Turkish Parliament Garo Paylan of the Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) was temporarily banned from parliamentary sessions after referring to the Armenian Genocide during deliberations on proposed changes to the country 's constitution on Jan. 13 .
In their speech , Paylan said four communities—Armenians , Assyrians , Greeks and Jews—had been “ lost ” and “ driven from these lands in large massacres ( and ) genocides , ” according to the state-run Anadolu Agency .
“ We used to account for 40 percent [ of the country 's population ] . Now we are barely one out of a 1,000 . It seems likely that something happened to us . I define this as a genocide , ” Paylan said in their speech . According to some sources , the part of the speech was removed from the parliamentary minutes .
Shortly after their address , videos began circulating online , showed parliamentarians from the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) and other parties angrily interrupting Paylan 's speech . Below is a video of Paylan 's speech .
“ Yesterday , when the constitutional changes were being discussed in parliament , I wanted them to draw lessons from the past . A monistic constitution was introduced a century ago . Diversities were ignored . We lost four nations during WWI . We lost Armenians , Greeks , Assyrians , and Jews . I mentioned that if we make same mistakes , we may live with same pains , ” Paylan told Turkey-based news outlet Dihaber . “ I know very well what happened to my people . I wanted to point out the mistakes which were made in the past , ” Paylan added .
According to some sources , Paylan has been suspended from attending thee parliamentary sessions . “ This has n't happened in the past . This is the first time in the parliament 's history , ” Paylan told Dihaber about their suspension . “ This was a message to us . If , after this , we do not do what they say , they will silence our voices , ” they added .
The Armenian Weekly is following the story and will provide further details in the coming days .
I do n't know a ton about Boris Johnson . He 's the former Mayor of London , is very pro-Israel and hates the BDS movement , led the Brexit campaign only to withdraw from contention to be Prime Minister , and was just appointed Foreign Minister ( okay , “ Foreign Secretary ” ) in Theresa May 's new cabinet . And they have a mop of blonde hair .
They obviously have some wit , as in a 2007 column in The Telegraph newspaper in Britain , wherein they described Hillary Clinton in terms we all can appreciate ( emphasis added ) :
“ She 's got dyed blonde hair and pouty lips , and a steely blue stare , like a sadistic nurse in a mental hospital … ”
Sounds like they were channeling Rush Limbaugh , who made the comparison just a couple of months earlier , Mrs. Clinton Plays Nurse Ratched :
They went on to describe why they were supporting them for president in 2008 despite that description . They relished the thought of Bill Clinton back in the White House carousing around :
How can I possibly want Hillary ? I mean , they represent , on the face of it , everything I came into politics to oppose : not just a general desire to raise taxes and nationalise things , but an all-round purse-lipped political correctness… . Unless I am much mistaken , the Clinton marriage is still standing , a shell-scarred monument to the triumph of hope over experience ; and the nub of the matter is that I am prepared to pay the price of supporting Hillary just to get Bill Clinton once again padding over the shag pile carpet of the Oval Office , even if it is only to bring their wife a cup of tea… . For all who love America , it is time to think of supporting Hillary , not because we necessarily want them for themselves but because we want Bill in the role of First Husband . And if Bill can deal with Hillary , they can surely deal with any global crisis .
Boris mended fences a little with Hillary during a 2015 visit to New York City , though I ca n't find any reference to them apologizing for the comment , which they called “ light-hearted . ”
Heaven forbid Hillary is President and Boris has to deal with them I mean , it 's not like they hold a grudge or is vindictive or anything . Or , as Boris described it in the 2007 column :
June 8 , 2011 : A 2-year-old was grazed by a bullet and a 7-year-old was shot in the back while they were playing in a sprinkler , trying to stay cool . ( Published Thursday , June 9 , 2011 )
A man is in custody after a shooting injured two young girls playing in a park in the city 's Avondale neighborhood on the northwest side , police said .
The shooting occurred shortly before 8 p.m. Wednesday at Avondale Park , at 3516 W. School St .
The youngest girl , just 2 years old , was grazed by a bullet . The other , a 7 year old , was more seriously injured with a gunshot to the back . Police say the girls were playing in a sprinkler , trying to stay cool .
`` I have seen a paramedic carrying a little girl . They were crying . They blacked in and out , and you could see that they had a gunshot on their side , '' said witness Dan Sosinski .
Mugs in the News
A police sergeant said the two girls were taken to Children 's Memorial Hospital .
Witnesses said they saw someone pull up in a van and fire on a group of people playing basketball . The girls were apparently caught in the crossfire .
A neighbor said she 's asked the Chicago Park District to install cameras in the area but was told they were too expensive .
No charges have been filed against the suspect .
Hockey fans love numbers .
Granted , we do n't all love the same kind of numbers , and if they get too fancy we break out into yet another round of the Great Analytics Debate that 's been going on for five years and still flares up every 15 minutes or so . But we all love some numbers , even if they 're the old-fashioned kind .
Numbers are part of what makes sports fun .
So with the season finally underway , let 's go through the NHL and dig up one interesting number for each NHL team . Some may be surprising , some will reaffirm what we already know , and some will be just plain weird . And most of them wo n't be all that complicated .
We 'll go alphabetically , which means we start out west…
Anaheim Ducks
31 – Years since a team had led the NHL in both power-play and penalty-kill percentage before the Ducks pulled it off last year . ( The last team to do it was the 84-85 Islanders . ) That 's typically the sort of performance that earns a coach a raise . In Anaheim , it got Bruce Boudreau fired , so the pressure will be on Randy Carlyle to keep both units humming .
Arizona Coyotes
300 – Power-play opportunities by the Coyotes last year , the most in the league by a wide margin . The gap between the Coyotes and the No . 2 team , the Flyers , was bigger than the gap between No . 2 and No . 10 . But it did n't translate to much of an advantage , since the Coyotes also ranked first in time spent on the penalty kill .
Boston Bruins
1.25 – Goals scored per 60 minutes of 5-on-5 ice time last year by David Pastrnak , which ranked third in the NHL . This sort of rate stats always yield some weird results , since they boost up players like Pastrnak who are productive without getting many minutes or much power-play time . Still , finishing third is impressive for a kid who did n't even turn 20 until the season was over .
Buffalo Sabres
1.84 – Goals-per-game of offensive support that the Sabres gave Robin Lehner in their 21 games last year , ranking them dead last among the 58 goalies who saw at least 20 games . Lehner 's first season in Buffalo was a sidetracked by injury , and they only won five games . But their .924 save percentage was good , and with a little more support the success should come .
Calgary Flames
37 – Games in which the Flames allowed four or more goals last year , the most in the league . The Flames went 5-29-3 in those games ; in their other 45 games , they were 30-11-4 . The Brian Elliott acquisition looms kind of large .
It 's fair to say that last night was not a great start .
Carolina Hurricanes
7.96 per cent – The Hurricanes ' shooting percentage across all situations last year , the second worst mark in the league ahead of only the Maple Leafs . That does n't feel all that out of place , given the lack of scoring talent on the roster , but these things to tend to regress at least a little bit , which would be good news for a Carolina team that struggled to find offense .
Chicago Blackhawks
10 – Rookies who were in their age-23 or older season who managed 0.75 points-per-game or better in the last 25 seasons , including Artemi Panarin 's Calder-winning campaign last year . The bad news is that none of the other players on the list went on to stardom , and several saw their production drop quickly .
There are a ton of caveats here – none of those guys got to play with Patrick Kane , and Panarin 's 77 points in 2016 is a lot more impressive than what Nelson Emerson or Ken Hodge put up in the high-flying 90s . But the overall point is worth remembering : Older rookies are tricky , and they do n't always develop the way you might expect .
Colorado Avalanche
0 – Number of times a player has scored more than 30 goals for the Avalanche since 2007 , which seems odd given how much talent they 've had up front over the years . I 'm not sure that 's actually all that useful , but I just wanted to give Avalanche fans a break by using a number other than “ their possession stats were terrible and that means they 're going to be bad ” for the first time in years . ( Although for the record , they were and they are . )
Columbus Blue Jackets
25.5 – The average age of the Blue Jackets ' opening day roster , making them the youngest team in the league . It figures to be a rough season in Columbus ; even given how unpredictable the Metro looks , the Blue Jackets are in a tough cap situation , have a brutal early schedule , and John Tortorella is n't exactly inspiring confidence these days . Given all that , it 's nice to remember that this a very young team , with at least some reason to look ahead to the future .
Dallas Stars
.917 – The Stars ' team 5-on-5 save percentage last season , good for 27th in the NHL ; they were the only team in the bottom eight to make the playoffs . Sure , it 's almost clichéd at this point to harp on the Stars ' goaltending , but it 's worth remembering that the issue did n't just reveal itself during the playoffs . They were downright bad all year .
Detroit Red Wings
29 – The all-time record for consecutive playoff appearances , one that 's held by the Boston Bruins and which the Red Wings are still in a position to threaten . But there does n't seem to be a lot of optimism that they 'll make it , and if anything , the hockey world seems to be expecting them to miss out this year . If they do , it was a good run . And hey , in this age of parity , it 's not like establishing an all-time post-season streak record should even be possible anymore , right ?
Edmonton Oilers
11 – The Oilers ' streak of missing the playoffs if they fail to make it this year , which would establish a new all-time post-season streak record . Huh . That was some unfortunate alphabetical ordering there .
Florida Panthers
22-7 – The Panthers record last year in games decided by three goals or more . Their 22 wins in such games were the most in the league ; their seven losses were the fewest .
Los Angeles Kings
56.4 per cent – The Kings ' Corsi percentage at 5-on-5 last year , the best mark in the league by far . After losing Milan Lucic to free agency and Marian Gaborik to injury , there 's been some talk that the Kings could be poised for a rough season , so it 's worth remembering that they 're still dominating when it comes to one of the best predictive stats we have .
Minnesota Wild
107:20 – The Wild 's positive difference between time spent on the power play and time spent shorthanded last year , the best gap in the league by a ton . The worst difference in the league ? New coach Bruce Boudreau 's Anaheim Ducks , who were -101:26 .
Montreal Canadiens
1st – Montreal 's overall rank in CHIP , or “ Cap Hit of Injured Players ” , a number that captures how a team was impacted by injuries to key talent . That ranking likely wo n't come as any surprise to Montreal fans , but it 's a good reminder that last year 's Habs were n't just missing Carey Price .
It 's hard to lose that much value to injury and still succeed ; last year , the top six CHIP teams all missed the playoffs , while the bottom nine teams all made it .
Nashville Predators
9.3 per cent – Defensive-zone faceoff percentage for Mike Ribiero , which is to say they almost never started shifts in their own zone . It was the lowest number in the league ; the second lowest was Craig Smith , while fourth lowest was Filip Forsberg . Conversely , that line ranked as the league 's top three for offensive-zone faceoffs ( while three other Predators ranked at the bottom ) . In other words , Peter Laviolette was aggressively protecting certain players , which is great as long as you can get away with it .
The Ribiero/Forsberg/Smith line was broken up in the playoffs and looks like it will stay that way , so it will be interesting to see who Laviolette is willing to trust with tougher assignments . Hint : Probably whoever is playing with Ryan Johansen .
New Jersey Devils
0 – Games in which the Devils had at least 40 shots on goal last seasons , making them the only team not to manage the feat even once . ( Their high was 38 , against Detroit on December 11 . ) Everyone else did it at least twice , while the Penguins led the league with 13 .
New York Islanders
11 – Times that a player other than John Tavares has scored more than 50 points in a season for the Islanders in the seven years since Tavares arrived in 2009 . Of those 11 seasons , six came from Kyle Okposo and Frans Nielsen , both of whom left as free agents this year . None were from players who are on the roster heading into this season . The Islanders ' forwards are one of the season 's underrated changing-of-the-guard stories .
New York Rangers
151st – Dan Girardi 's rank among the 152 NHL defensemen who appeared in at least 60 games last year in even-strength relative Corsi percentage ( a measure of a player 's possession relative to the rest of their teammates ) . Girardi 's been hammered for their awful season so much that it almost feels like we 're all picking on them at this point , but yeah… that 's not good .
Ottawa Senators
32 – Games with more than 30:00 of ice time logged by Erik Karlsson last year . Ryan Suter was next with 22 , Drew Doughty had 18 , and nobody else was even in double digits .
That 's not bad for a guy we 're always being told ca n't be trusted in all situations , but it will be interesting to see if new coach Guy Boucher will look to ease up on Karlsson 's workload .
Philadelphia Flyers
3-8 – The Flyers record in the shootout last year , giving them the most losses in the league . They ranked third worst in shooting percentage and fourth worst in save percentage . Remember , while there is individual skill in the shootout , overall results are largely luck and teams that struggle one year are just as likely to do well the next . ( Then again , we could have said the same last year after the Flyers went 3-11 . )
Pittsburgh Penguins
6 – The number of times since 1998 that the Stanley Cup champions have made it back to at least the conference finals . That 1998 season , of course , was the second of back-to-back Cups for the Red Wings , which marked the last time that the NHL had a repeat winner .
That makes it 15 seasons and counting , which has led to some “ it 's just too hard to repeat in today 's NHL ” narratives . But teams have come closer than you might think , including three champs that made it back to the final and three more that were eliminated at the final four . Fatigue will be an issue , and the odds will always be against a repeat winner , but do n't assume the Penguins ca n't at least make a deep run of it .
San Jose Sharks
16 – Games in which Brent Burns had seven or more shots on goal last year . That was just one behind the league-leader , Alexander Ovechkin , and miles ahead of the field at this position ( no other defenseman had more than five ) . In fact , you 'd have to go back to Ray Bourque two decades ago to find another blue-liner who had more .
St. Louis Blues
0.58 – Career goals-per-game by Vladimir Tarasenko in the playoffs , ranking them first in the NHL among active players with at least 10 games played . That has n't kept them from taking some heat for their playoff performance , but maybe that 's to be expected – fellow “ ca n't come through when it matters ” guys like Phil Kessel and Alexander Ovechkin also show up in the top five .
Tampa Bay Lightning
2.81 – Shots-per-game for Steven Stamkos last year , the first time since their rookie year that it dipped below 3.00 . It was the second straight year that the number dropped , and he 's now almost a full shot-per-game lower than their career peak of 3.70 in their 60-goal season back in 2011-12 .
The drop was the main reason they posted a relatively modest ( by their standards ) 36-goal season , since their 16.7 shooting percentage was n't far off their career average of 17.2 . Percentages fluctuate , but a drop in shot volume is at least a bit of a concern , especially with a new long-term contract kicking in .
Toronto Maple Leafs
.000 % – The Maple Leafs ' win percentage last year when trailing after two periods . It happened 37 times , and they lost all 37 – the only team in the league that could n't manage even one comeback win . They did manage three wins when trailing after one period , although their .100 per cent win percentage in that category was also the league 's worst .
Vancouver Canucks
Minus-52 – The Canucks ' league-worst goals differential last year . Sure , it 's a simple stat , but sometimes the simple ones tell the story . The 2015-16 Canucks were a very bad team , and they made moves to get better over the summer . Those moves may work , in the sense that the team could be improved , but there 's a very long way to go .
Washington Capitals
43 – Primary assists by Evgeni Kuznetsov last year , which ranks them first in the league . Primary assists ( which count only the first assist awarded on a goal , ignoring the second ) can often give a better measure of playmaking ability than the traditional version , which is more open to the influence of luck and goals that a player had little influence over .
Winnipeg Jets
30th – Rank of Ondrej Pavelec in save percentage among the 30 active goalies with at least 200 games played since 2009 , the year they became a full-time starter .
In other words , dead last . The Jets ' insistence on anointing them full-time start year after year was perplexing , and their decision to waive them this week , while no doubt painful for some long-time fans , is going to make them a better team .
Sony 's Gaikai-based video game streaming service , PlayStation Now , will stream PlayStation , PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 games over the internet to PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita , as well as non-PlayStation devices , Sony executive Andrew House announced during the company 's CES 2014 keynote today .
PlayStation Now gives people `` instant access to the games they loved from previous generations , '' said House , the president and group chief executive officer of Sony Computer Entertainment . Users will be able to rent individual games or pay for subscription plans . In addition to PlayStation devices , the service will be available on most of Sony 's 2014 Bravia televisions , and eventually , devices such as smartphones .
PlayStation Now will initially be available on PS4 and PS3 , and later on PS Vita , according to a press release from Sony . The service will support functionality such as multiplayer gaming and PlayStation Network messages and Trophies .
Sony will launch a closed beta of PlayStation Now on PS3 at the end of this month , and the company expects to begin a full rollout this summer . The Last of Us , Beyond : Two Souls , God of War : Ascension and Puppeteer are playable on PS Vitas and Bravia HDTVs to CES attendees .
Sony acquired streaming service Gaikai in July 2012 for $ 380 million , and the company announced during the PlayStation 4 reveal event last February that it would use Gaikai to stream games to PlayStation 4 owners . At E3 2013 , Sony said the Gaikai-based streaming service would be available in 2014 . Gaikai was originally developed to stream Windows PC games to computers and televisions . The service works by running a game on a server in the cloud , processing inputs from players and providing a video stream of the game to users .
Update : Asked whether PlayStation Now will be included within PlayStation Plus , a Sony representative told Polygon , `` We have nothing to announce at this point in time . ''
Need business name ideas ? PickyDomains.com , world 's first risk free naming agency
http : //www.flowboard.com/
When Michael Kern came across a 14-wheeled `` flowboard '' -- basically a skateboard-snowboard-surfboard hybrid -- in 2001 , they knew they had to jump on an opportunity . Their 20-year-old company , Sport Technology , bought the licensing rights , then the original board-maker 's company , and now also produces the Snowskate , which replaces the wheels of a skateboard with four mini-skis for free-footed mayhem on the slopes . It 's available at major retailers , including Target , Walmart and Toys '' R '' Us , as well as through more than 60 independent toy , specialty and catalog retailers . Company revenue in 2010 was around $ 10 million , more than double the year before ; 2011 revenue is close to $ 20 million ; and Sport Technology forecasts $ 36 million for 2012 . A bad-ass ( and lucrative ) crossover .
[ Via - Business Ideas Blog ]
* - do you own a web-based business ? We 'd like to profile your website , too .
Not Your Regular Clipboard
Watching TV Could Easily Cost You Up Tp $ 1 Million In Your Lifetime
10 Books Like Freakonomics
How To Sell A Nine Dollar Domain For $ 38,650 And Six Other Domainer Stories
10 Crazy , Silly Or Wacky Real Life Ideas For Business
Bloove Review
Need business name ideas ? PickyDomains.com , world 's first risk free naming agency
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan Display , the world 's top maker of screens for smartphones and tablets , will reach maximum capacity at a recently opened factory by next summer , CEO Shuichi Otsuka told Reuters on Thursday , raising the likelihood of an IPO early next year to fund a new facility .
A signboard of Japan Display Inc is seen at its factory in Mobara , Chiba prefecture , June 3 , 2013 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Otsuka said in an interview that a plant opened in June in Mobara , Chiba prefecture , had already reached full capacity and that it is aiming to double capacity by June or July next year , reaching the plant 's limit .
“ A new factory is in our sights , but it 's not time to make a decision on it yet , ” Otsuka said , adding that the company could use cash for capital spending if it turns a profit this year and “ the earliest timing for an IPO would be in 2014 . ”
A source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday that the company was aiming for an IPO during the current financial year to next March that would value the entire business at about 800 billion yen ( $ 8.04 billion ) .
Earlier this year Otsuka had said that the earliest launch for an IPO would be in fiscal 2014 . The IPO could raise about $ 1 billion dollars , market watchers believe . On Thursday Otsuka referred only to calendar 2014 and refused to say whether an IPO could come in the January to March quarter .
Japan Display was formed in 2012 from display units of Sony Corp , Hitachi Ltd and Toshiba Corp , and is 70 percent backed by the government .
While other companies forged from troubled divisions at Japanese tech conglomerates , notably chipmakers Renesas Electronics Corp and Elpida Memory , struggle with tough foreign rivals and a strong yen , Japan Display has prospered by diversifying its client base , deciding early on to aggressively seek clients besides Apple Inc .
“ We 're always worried about a drop in demand from a supplier , ” Otsuka said . “ That 's why we 've expanded our client base and have moved into making tablet screens too . ”
The CEO said the company 's revenue jumped 50 percent in the April-June quarter and that it made a profit despite the costs of setting up the Mobara factory , to which it has pledged $ 2 billion worth of investment .
Although the company does not name its own customers , industry sources widely confirm that it is supplying screens for Google Inc 's Nexus7 tablet and there are rumors it will make the displays for Amazon.com Inc 's next Kindle Fire electronic reader .
Sources say Japan Display is the supplier for Nexus7 's low-temperature polysilicon ( LTPS ) LCD screen , which boasts better resolution , touch-sensitivity and higher energy efficiency than the alternative amorphous silicon .
Makers used to struggle to scale LTPS to larger displays , but Japan Display has apparently solved the challenge . Otsuka says they expect LTPS to penetrate through to the mid-range market before long .
“ To win you ca n't just focus on the high end . With LTPS we can go to the middle-end makers and say , ‘ Look , there 's more you can do ' ” , Otsuka said .
They also said they believed that the middle-end will grow as so-called “ white-box ” Chinese smartphone makers move to brand themselves and focus more on value , which will require higher specification models .
However , they do n't see Chinese panel makers catching up to Japan Display and its two main competitors in small to midsize displays , Sharp Corp and LG Display Co Ltd. any time soon .
“ Smartphones are differentiated by their displays . Is there any value in having three companies all using the same commoditized panel ? We have to ensure that we continue adding value to our customized LTPS screens to ensure that does n't happen , but I do n't think it will . ”
( $ 1 = 99.5350 Japanese yen )
This post in one of a series inspired by a web discussion about what it would take to replace yacc and its cousins as the industry standard for parser generators . My interest in the question grows out of Marpa , my project to take the many improvements made over the decades to Earley 's algorithm , and turn them into a practical parser generator .
Requirement 6 : Available as a Library
To be an adequate yacc replacement , an algorithm should be available as a library . In the Perl context , this means available as a module . I interpret this requirement loosely enough to regard the traditional implementations of LALR parsers , such as the yacc parser generator , as meeting this test . True , they usually generate the code for a custom parser , which then must be compiled as a separate step . But an LALR parser generator could be implemented as a library .
The reason that yacc and its relatives are traditionally not implemented as libraries is revealing : the chances of a practical grammar `` just working '' with yacc are pretty much zero . In practice you almost never go from writing a yacc grammar directly to a successful execution . In context , therefore , having to invoke the C compiler as a separate stage is only a small additional effort . And it does open up a lot of extra options , such as the use of alternative compilers , linkers and other tools ; the full range of options to these tools ; the opportunity to custom modify the C code ; etc. , etc .
Marpa fulfills Requirement 6 . It is implemented as a Perl module , and its grammar pre-processing and parsing has been translated into a C library ( libmarpa ) , in which form it runs much faster .
The major parsing technique that clearly fails this requirement is hand-written recursive descent . Hand-written recursive descent parsers are , by definition , not available in a library or any other ready-made form . A hand-written recursive descent parser is straightforward to write , so much so that writing one these days is often preferred to struggling with yacc . Nonetheless code it yourself is what you must do .
A Requirement I Dropped
In this list of requirements , I included the requirements in Russ Cox 's post and all but one from the Might-Darais paper . Those I included I sometimes strengthened , and I added two more to the list , dealing with error detection . Error detection is important to include -- I attribute the present turn against the LALR-based family of parser generators ( which includes yacc ) mainly to LALR 's grotesquely bad error detection properties .
What was the requirement I dropped ? Might & Darais suggest that the ideal algorithm needs to fit on a single page -- in effect that a high-quality general parser must be something you could whiteboard for your Google interview . To be sure , this would be a useful and charming property in any algorithm . Unsurprisingly , the Might-Darais algorithm has it .
I say `` unsurprisingly '' , because when authors of parsers list requirements for the perfect parser , they have a tendency to shoot the arrow first , then set up the target near where the arrow landed . I could be accused of this .
For Marpa to have fit on single page would have been a wonderful thing . Earley 's original algorithm came close . But with each improvement to the Earley algorithm , while speed increased , so did the complexity of the logic . Marpa includes all the applicable improvements in the literature . There was never any hope it would fit on a whiteboard , not even if you follow Steve Yegge 's suggestion and carry your own supply of fine-tip dry-erase markers .
Picasso and Angkor Wat
In this later years , Picasso could create a world in a few brush strokes . While writing Marpa , there were moments when a problem which appeared complex dissolved into a simple truth . The nicest of these was when the largely incompatible algorithms of Joop Leo and Aycock-Horspool turned out to be a perfect fit at all the points where it mattered . Even so , there were not enough of these moments to reverse the trend . Nobody will ever call the Marpa algorithm simple .
But disappointment is what happens when you search for the wrong thing . The straightness of the Parthenon 's lines is an illusion . Simple straight lines do not look straight . The builders of the Parthenon wanted every line to appear perfectly straight to the human eye , and as a result there is not a prefectly straight line anywhere in the temple .
In South Asia , the great temple complexes glory in their complexity . And in its Frieze , the Parthenon did not even pretend to be simple . Their creators knew that beauty is beyond pattern .
Notes
Note 1 : The previous posts in this series were Killing Yacc , Parse-time Error Reporting , and Why the Bovicidal Rage ? ,
Note 2 : The discussion was started by Might and Darais 's presentation of their algorithm , titled `` Yacc is Dead '' . Russ Cox responded to that paper with an extremely well-informed blog post , `` Yacc is not Dead , .
Note 3 : Marpa is available on CPAN in Pure Perl and XS form . Marpa will parse anything you can write in BNF . If a grammar is one of the kinds in practical use , ( such as yacc 's LALR or recursive descent 's LL ( 1 ) ) , you can expect Marpa to parse it in linear time -- O ( n ) . To be specific , Marpa parses any LR-regular grammar in O ( n ) .
Note 4 : A yacc user must also create their own lexer . This was considered acceptable since there were tools specifically for creating yacc -compatible lexers , and since , in exchange for the trouble of writing a yacc parser , they expected a extremely efficient parser , one which often justified a hand-written lexer .
Note 5 : I did not include every improvement to Earley 's proposed in the literature . In particular , Marpa does not use lookahead . Prior to Marpa , Grune and Jacobs had already concluded that the tradeoffs for lookahead in Earley 's parsers were dubious .
No amount of lookahead will make a parser faster than linear -- O ( n ) . For the LR ( k ) grammars , that is , LR grammars with a lookahead of k , Marpa is already O ( n ) for all finite values of k. The same is true of the LL ( k ) grammars for all finite values of k. In fact , Marpa is O ( n ) for LR grammars with infinite lookahead , as long as the lookahead is a regular expression . The overhead from adding explicit lookahead to Marpa would be very real . The benefit would be hard to find .
Registered Holistic Nutritionist , certified in both plant-based & sports nutrition . Founder and primary educator of Veganomical Living | Contactable via hello @ livekindly.co
[ et_pb_section bb_built= ” 1″ ] [ et_pb_row ] [ et_pb_column type= ” 4_4″ ] [ et_pb_text _builder_version= ” 3.0.67″ background_layout= ” light ” text_orientation= ” left ” border_style= ” solid ” ]
One of the first thing I did when I transitioned to a plant-based diet was learned how to make all my favourite veganized foods myself . Why ? Many reasons !
1 . I love to cook
2 . It 's always a healthier option to make your foods in-house
3 . You control the ingredients to your liking
4 . It 's cost effective
Naturally , as an omnivore , I loved ALL THE CHEESE . Plant-based cheese was one of my very first battles . Conquered , I might add !
Making these cheeses can be finicky as it 's a perfect balance of a science and an art ( like baking ! ) . Increments of certain ingredients matter . Temperatures matter . Heck , your mood may even effect the end-product sometimes ! Ha !
In all seriousness though , making food is fun . Making delicious food that mimics your old favourites is REALLY fun . Here 's a simple nut cheese recipe for those of you who are scared to tackle this seemingly arduous task , and if you have ANY questions or concerns , feel free to pop them in the comment section and I will be sure to get back to you with some nut cheese support .
6 Homemade Nut Cheese Recipes to Help You Ditch Dairy for Good !
INGREDIENTS
Basic Un-Cultured Nut Cheese
– 2 cups of nuts , soaked for 6-8 hours in room temperature water . You can use cashews , sesame seeds , pine nuts , peanuts , macadamia nuts ( whatever you fancy and raw or roasted )
– 1/2 water ( tap water is fine )
– 1/4 cup lemon juice or apple cider vinegar
– 1/2 cup nutritional yeast
– 3-4 cloves minced garlic
– 2 tsp salt
– cracked black pepper to-taste
– 1 Tbsp freshly chopped fresh herbs of choice ( cilantro , basil , parsley , thyme , chives etc . )
French Inspired :
( pairs well with Pinot Noir , cucumber & seeded crackers )
1 chopped green onion
2 tsp chopped dried oregano
2 tsp chopped dried thyme
2 tsp dried majoram
2 tsp dried rosemary
2 Tbsp nutritional yeast flakes
Italian Inspired
( pairs well with a Syrah , and toasted slices of Italian bread drizzled with olive oil )
4 Tbsp re-hydrated sun dried tomato
4 Tbsp chopped fresh basil
2 cloves minced garlic
Asian Inspired
( pairs well with Pale Ale , salted rice crackers )
2 Tbsp Chopped Chives
Drizzle of sesame oil
1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes
1/4 tsp 5-spice
Latin Inspired
( pairs well with Sauvignon Blanc , baked tortilla or pita )
2 Tbsp chopped fresh cilantro
3 Tbsp white onion , minced
Lime instead of lemon juice in the base
1/2 tsp red chili flakes
Dessert Cheese
( pairs well with Pinot Gris , sliced apples & pears )
1 tsp garlic powder
1/4 cup nutritional yeast flakes
Drizzle of maple syrup
METHOD
Process all ingredients except for the chopped herbs until smooth ( scraping down the walls as needed ) Transfer mixture to a bowl , and stir in herbs Serve with fresh fruit , veggies & thin crackers
NOTE
The more liquid you add , the smoother the consistency . If you prefer a thicker , more moulded cheese like those in the photos , transfer to a container and age in the fridge for three days . Remove from container and shape into desired form , and serve .
There you have it . Now , go NUTS . Ha !
Image Credit : Loving it Vegan
[ /et_pb_text ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow _builder_version= ” 3.0.53″ saved_tabs= ” all ” link_shape= ” circle ” url_new_window= ” on ” follow_button= ” on ” background_layout= ” light ” global_module= ” 4820″ ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network= ” facebook ” skype_action= ” call ” url= ” https : //www.facebook.com/livekindlyco/ ” bg_color= ” # 3b5998″ ] Facebook [ /et_pb_social_media_follow_network ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network= ” twitter ” skype_action= ” call ” url= ” https : //twitter.com/livekindlyco ” bg_color= ” # 00aced ” ] Twitter [ /et_pb_social_media_follow_network ] [ et_pb_social_media_follow_network social_network= ” instagram ” skype_action= ” call ” url= ” https : //www.instagram.com/livekindlyco/ ” bg_color= ” # 517fa4″ ] Instagram [ /et_pb_social_media_follow_network ] [ /et_pb_social_media_follow ] [ /et_pb_column ] [ /et_pb_row ] [ /et_pb_section ]
Donald Trump cut short an interview after they were pushed to explain their allegations that former President Barack Obama wiretapped their phone .
On CBS “ Face The Nation ” , host John Dickerson pressed Mr Trump on various topics including their first 100 days in the White House and their new health care plans , but Mr Trump stopped when they were asked about the alleged wiretap .
Mr Dickerson first asked the President if they stood by their claim that Mr Obama was a “ sick and bad guy ” .
Read more
Barack Obama calls out Donald Trump 's 'ridiculous ' wiretapping claims
“ I do n't stand by anything , ” they replied . “ I just – you can take it the way you want . I think our side 's been proven very strongly . And everybody 's talking about it . And frankly it should be discussed . I think that is a very big surveillance of our citizens . I think it 's a very big topic . And it 's a topic that should find out what the hell is going on . ”
The host then pushed Mr Trump to explain further , but the President cut them off , responding , “ You do n't have to ask me . ”
“ Why not ? ” Mr Dickerson asked .
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is Nixon/Watergate . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 4 , 2017
“ Because I have my own opinions . You can have your own opinions . ”
“ But you 're the President of the United States , ” the host countered .
Mr Trump then decided to stop the interview , saying , “ Ok , it 's enough . Thank you . ”
The President made the explosive and unsubstantiated claims two months after their Inauguration , and after they met the former President and said they thought Mr Obama was a `` very good man '' .
Related :
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS and Android .
Yet in March Mr Trump cited a commentator on Fox News who accused Mr Obama and the UK 's intelligence headquarters , GCHQ , for also wiretapping Trump Tower .
The allegation was denied by UK officials and dismissed by US intelligence agencies .
Video not available for syndication
Donald Trump slams 'archaic ' US constitution that is 'really bad ' for the country
The same interview with CBS , which was pre-recorded and aired on 1 May , raised numerous questions about the President asides from the alleged wiretap claims .
Mr Dickerson asked the President if they would start military action against North Korea .
“ I do n't know . I mean , we 'll see , ” Mr Trump said .
On their new effort to get a Republican health care bill passed , Mr Trump insisted the bill would cover pre-existing conditions , but did not point out that those people would be placed in high-risk insurance pools and pay much higher premiums .
Asked when they would finally release their tax returns , Mr Trump replied , “ It could happen soon . I do n't know . ''
The host
Mike Buchanan Party leader , Justice for Men & Boys ( J4MB ) – “ Equal rights for men and women ”
Mike is a British anti-feminist author , Men 's Rights Activist , and Gender Equality Activist . Their latest book is Feminism : The Ugly Truth . Launched in 2013 , J4MB remains the only party in the English-speaking world campaigning for the human rights of men and boys . In 2012 they launched Campaign for Merit in Business .
The keynote speaker
Karen Straughan – “ Why women must consign feminism to the dustbin of history ”
Karen ( GirlWritesWhat ) is a Canadian anti-feminist who has been writing and video blogging on gender issues since 2010 . Them widely-admired videos have raised the consciousness about gender issues and feminism of huge numbers of people .
Other speakers , in surname alphabetical order :
Professor Eric Anderson – “ A non-feminist approach to Masculinities ”
Eric , an American living and working in the UK , is the UK 's most prolific and most-cited Masculinities scholar . They will describe their feminist training by Michael Messner and Michael Kimmel and their rejection of their feminist ideology . They will suggest that Men 's Rights Advocates are having a positive impact , even within the feminist gender studies community .
William Collins – “ Men and boys in the UK : Edited lowlights ”
William blogs on The Illustrated Empathy Gap . They are a professional engineer and theoretical physicist . They have recently discovered that ‘ retired ' means ‘ differently employed ' . They have been married since forever and has two 30-plus sons . They used to have no interest in politics but has reluctantly accepted that there are times when apathy is morally unacceptable .
Darren Deojee – “ Positive Masculinity : Standing on the shoulders of giants ”
Darren is an international teacher , speaker , activist , mentor/coach , father , and home educator of four children . He 's been teaching from the Toltec heritage of gender tradition for over 10 years and working with native gender for over 20 years . They work with groups , individuals , and couples on matters of gender and communication .
Paul Elam Founder and publisher , A Voice for Men – “ The Men 's Movement : Personal and Political ” ( pre-recorded video )
Paul is an American , and possibly the most well-known Men 's Rights Activist in the world . A former mental health professional , they launched A Voice for Men ( AVfM ) in 2009 , and An Ear for Men ( AEfM ) in 2015 . AVfM has long been the most-visited and most influential website in the world advocating for men 's human rights .
Janice Fiamengo Professor , Department of English , Ottawa University – “ The demonization of young men : Campus sexual misconduct tribunals ”
Janice is a strident Canadian supporter of free speech , and an advocate for gender fairness . They are producing a series of anti-feminist videos called The Fiamengo File . One was titled , Why I am an anti-feminist .
Rev . Jules Gomes , ‘ The Rebel Priest ' – “ Singing in the ruins : How feminists have destroyed the Church of England beyond repair ”
Dr Jules Gomes is a journalist and academic . They write for The Conservative Woman and is the religious affairs correspondent for Virtue Online . They became conscious of the feminist cancer in the Church of England when feminists began to hijack synod . Jules has a doctorate from Cambridge University and has taught at universities in India and England .
Patrick Graham – “ Sex offence fantasists , and their police enablers ”
A survivor of the ongoing plague of false allegations of rape/historic sex abuse , Patrick is busy campaigning for changes to the criminal justice system , and justice for all the many falsely accused , using skills developed during a media and community development portfolio career . They are member of FACT and accused.me.uk , a forum which has doubled in size to 1,500 members in the past 9 months .
Elizabeth Hobson , Director of Communications , Justice for Men & Boys – “ Activating the Non-Feminist Sector ”
Elizabeth is an anti-feminist gender equality activist , mother to two boys , and a student of History and Politics . Them guiding principles are liberty , justice and equality — of rights , opportunities , choices , treatment and respect .
Oliver Hoffmann – “ Postfeminism and what I have learned from running a men 's rights party ”
Oliver is an Austrian Liberal Men 's Rights Activist . In 2008 , they founded the Männerpartei ( an Austrian political party ) and in 2017 , they founded Liberale Männer ( an Austrian non-profit association ) . Both are promoting equal rights for men , in different ways .
Jordan Holbrook – “ The prison sentencing gender gap ”
Jordan is a British Men 's Rights Advocate , independent researcher and blogger . They can be found at The Backbencher , The Screen and on YouTube . Their key areas of research and interest are the human gender empathy gap , the importance of the family home , the emotional needs of men , and father 's rights .
Dr Jeffrey Ketland – “ A feminist witch hunt at Oxford University ”
Jeff is a professional logician , mathematician and academic philosopher . They were the victim of a female Borderline Personality Disordered stalker for over two years . They were then the victim of a feminist vigilante lynch mob campaign of false accusations , running them out of their job at Oxford and driving them and their family out of their home . They were reinstated after proving the allegations false .
Anil Kumar – Save Indian Family Foundation – “ Focusing on Innovation for Growth of Organizations for the Movement : Experiences in India ”
Growing an organization is a major challenge . This talk will address how to overcome challenges to growth and how communications technology impacts the movement and the organizations .
Nick Langford – “ An exercise in utter futility : Generation iPhone and the ‘ Democratisation ' of the Family ”
Nick is an author and has worked as a lighting technician and designer in theatre and television . They currently teach . They began researching the issues confronting men and boys on behalf of F4J which they joined while pursuing a contact application . Their interest outlasted their membership , they now blog at exinjuria.wordpress.com .
Ian McNicholl – “ My journey from victim to survivor ”
Between September 2006 and May 2008 Ian migrated from being a picture of health , a homeowner , a successful business person who was financially comfortable , to a permanently scarred , registered disabled , homeless benefits claimant , on the verge of bankruptcy . Domestic abuse was the sole cause of this transformation .
Ramon Sosa , American boxing coach – “ My wife thought she 'd hired a hitman to kill me for $ 12,000 ”
Ramon 's life changed forever in 2015 . A simple divorce turned into a murder-for-hire plot . With the benefit of hindsight , they say there were warning signs they missed . They take every opportunity to warn other men about partner murder by proxy – helping them identify the early signs of manipulation , false accusations , and greed .
J. Steven Svoboda , Executive Director , Attorneys for the Rights of the Child – “ Genital autonomy , gender equity , and the world ”
Steven presented to the United Nations on male circumcision . He 's the National Coalition for Men 's ( NCFM 's ) Public Relations Director and longest serving board member . They graduated with honours from Harvard Law School and has published 40 peer-reviewed articles . Their interview with Cassie Jaye for Red Pill/Raw Files is here .
Alison Tieman – “ How compassion for men shapes civilization ”
Alison is a Canadian Men 's Rights Advocate . They founded Honey Badger Radio in 2013 , as a podcast focusing on women bringing attention to men 's issues . Honey Badger Radio has since grown into the largest collaborative YouTube channel talking about gender and politics from a position inclusive of men 's issues .
A number of individuals who are well-known to people in the Men 's Rights Movement / Gender Equality Movement , some of them particularly in the UK , will be attending the conference , but not giving presentations . They include , in surname alphabetical order :
Advertisements
by Thomas Frank
Harper 's Magazine Easy Chair ( January 2011 )
It has been three years now since the statistical beginning of the recession , and the tide of unemployment is still near full flood . Business investors have taken shelter on higher ground . The housing market , built on imaginary sands , has pretty much washed away . Throughout it all , I have waited for some grand enactment of economic suffering : for a “ petition in boots ” to make its way across the country , as in 1894 ; for Iowa farmers to blockade highways , as they did in 1932 ; or for a “ tractorcade ” to lay siege to Washington , as in 1979 . Instead there came a caravan of comfortable people equipped with lawn chairs and tricorn hats inveighing against totalitarianism .
Should you happen to have been outraged by the Wall Street bailout – who was n't ? – and should you have wished to make your indignation known , just about the only choice you had was to let your snake flag fly . Say what you like about the Tea Party movement , but at least they showed up . They 've been out there in the park , in your town , every couple of weeks since the Obama presidency began , and they have pretty much had that park to themselves .
Two years ago , you could n't talk to anyone about politics without hearing that conservatism 's day was done , that the sun had set on Reagan 's America . The GOP 's numbers were subterranean in those days , their leaders were buffoons , their famous economic recipe – three parts deregulatory zeal , two parts tax cutting , and a garnish of corporate welfare – had been permanently discredited by the economic disaster . Besides , the changing demographics of the nation doomed a Republican comeback . The chorus of sages sang their verdict : the Republicans had abandoned the Magic Middle – that New Jerusalem of the centrist faith – and had followed Sarah Palin rightward into the wild . Just look at the parade of Republican moderates who endorsed Barack Obama . “ We need someone who speaks from the center ” , an anonymous Republican senator moaned to Politico shortly after the 2008 elections . “ Sarah Palin is not the voice of our party ” .
This verdict was not original to 2008 , of course . Professional political observers have long reasoned that , since the two parties compete to occupy the middle , they must automatically mirror each other . If one is guilty of some transgression , so must be the other ; if one party whores it self to K Street , so must the other ; if one side has swung right , then the law of the Magic Middle dictates that the other must have swung an equal and opposite distance to the left . Should either swing too far , the median voter would quickly step in to pull it back .
In a much-discussed March 2009 cover story for Newsweek , the former presidential speechwriter David Frum slapped down radio rowdy Rush Limbaugh , who had made headlines by wishing that the incoming president would “ fail ” . Today such a sentiment seems civil , even quaint ; at the time , though , Frum saw such Limbavian outbursts as “ kryptonite , weakening the GOP nationally ” . They might entertain the party 's bitter enders , they acknowledged , but the price of going in that direction was the loss of the “ educated and affluent ” , who increasingly found “ that the GOP had become too extreme ” .
Then there was David Brooks , who erupted in the pages of the New York Times on the day after the first version of TARP was defeated , largely , by the most conservative House Republicans , in a vote Mr Brooks called the “ revolt of the nihilists ” .
They showed the world how much they detest their own leaders and the collected expertise of the Treasury and Fed . They did the momentarily popular thing , and if the country slides into a deep recession , they will have the time and leisure to watch public opinion shift against them . House Republicans led the way and will get most of the blame . It has been interesting to watch them on their single-minded mission to destroy the Republican Party … Now they have once again confused talk radio with reality . If the economy slides , they will go down in history as the Smoot-Hawley 's of the 21st century . With this vote , they 've taken responsibility for this economy , and they will be held accountable . The short-term blows will fall on John McCain , the long-term stress on the existence of the Republican Party as we know it .
Journalists have their own reasons for worshiping at the altar of the Magic Middle : its numinous powers will protect them , they believe , from accusations of bias . During 2008 and 2009 , the punditry faithfully incanted the liturgy : If Republicans hoped to recapture any of the citadels of power , the sages murmured , they would have to moderate their message , soften their brand . Following the compass needle that pointed unwaveringly toward America 's moderate heart , they would have to hie their way to the welcoming center , where the “ median voter ” sat in judgment over public figures great and small .
Two years later , among November 's triumphant conservatives , opposition to TARP is regarded as a shibboleth , whereas the particular vote Brooks believed would do so much to “ destroy the Republican party ” is celebrated by Tea Party chieftains like Dick Armey as one of the movement 's formative moments . The seemingly poisonous pronouncements of Limbaugh , meanwhile , proved such a tonic that The American Spectator recently declared them “ the undisputed winner of the 2010 election ” .
The “ median voter ” did not shower their wrath upon the GOP for deviating from centrism 's course ; they showered votes . And while the punditry proceeded to turn their unfailing perspicuity on the Democrats , informing them of dire consequences now unless they abase themselves before the Magic Middle , certain conservative leaders were laying plans to radicalize the Republicans even more , right over the “ political carcasses ” – as one conservative strategist put it – of the party 's remaining moderates .
Tea Party leaders talk a lot about the “ real America ” , but they do n't seem to care much about the Magic Middle . “ Policy decisions are driven by the people who show up ” , Mr Armey writes in Give Us Liberty ( 2010 ) , the “ Tea Party Manifesto ” , adding that Samuel Adams , the original Boston Tea Party ringleader , believed they needed only “ an irate , tireless minority ” to prevail . And perhaps Armey and Adams are correct . For years – decades – the Republican Party seems to have paid little attention to the compass of public opinion . “ You ca n't explain where the Republicans have gone by looking for some grand shift in median voter sentiment ” , I was told by political scientist Jacob Hacker , coauthor with Paul Pierson of Winner-Take-All Politics ( 2010 ) . “ The middle of opinion distribution has moved modestly over the last twenty years – shifting left and right only very slightly over time . We 've hardly seen a dramatic shift . But the Republican Party has gone far , far to the right , from having a moderate wing to being an extremely unified conservative party . ”
Democrats , for their part , tend to do the opposite , dreaming of bipartisanship and states neither red nor blue and of some reasonably arrived-at consensus future in which the culture wars cease and everyone plays nicely forevermore under the smiling , beneficent sun of free trade and the knowledge industries .
The short explanation for this striking divergence is the ever growing power of organized money , which has created all manner of “ asymmetries ” between the parties and among the different pieces of the electorate . In Hacker and Pierson 's book , we learn how money mounts primary challenges to Republicans deemed insufficiently conservative , how money musters gargantuan lobbying efforts against measures like financial reregulation , how money causes “ grassroots ” groups to sprout from the earth , and how money nurtures a faction within the Democratic Party that pushes rightward on economic issues .
Obvious , though the power of money might seem to you and me , this basic fact of political life has proved extremely difficult for professional political experts to grasp , so utterly have they fetishized the theory of the Magic Middle . The idea of two perfectly counterbalanced political enterprises competing for a politically sophisticated monad-in-the-middle is so pleasant to believe , so elegant in its harmonic order . The great , overarching fact of American politics in the past forty years has been the rise of the right , but the wise men stand at the foot of this Everest and announce that it 's level ground as far as the eye can see .
I was thinking about all this as I watched the last act of the 2010 electoral cycle , comedian Jon Stewart 's “ Rally to Restore Sanity ” , jokingly known as the “ million moderate march ” , an event that brought a few hundred thousand people out to the National Mall on October 30 . Here at last , perhaps , was the liberal counterpart to the Tea Party movement .
But no . Whereas there was something noble about Mr Stewart 's invocation of the ordinary American getting along with their neighbor in the course of everyday life , the gathering itself betrayed a larger desperation . Despite the jokes and the jolly I 'M WITH REASONABLE T-shirts , the rally seemed to me like a final attempt to make the Magic Middle theory work by sheer incantation , to persuade the public to play the part that the dramaturges of the media had scripted for them .
And the hordes of unreason arrived at the gates , as expected , three days later .
There is something characteristically liberal about describing one 's project as a defense of “ sanity ” – against “ the assault on reason ” , as the title of Al Gore 's 2007 book had it . After all , certain Democratic leaders understand their party as a consortium of professionals , of people whose reason has been certified by the meritocracy of higher education and licensed by the nation 's official organizations of expertise . As for the right , the mission stated by Conservative Caucus leader Howard Phillips at the dawn of the Reagan era seems more valid today than ever : “ to organize discontent ” .
The past few years have been good ones for organizers of discontent . For the reasonableness community , on the other hand , those years have brought one credibility disaster after another . First , reasonableness 's faith in rational economic behavior was drowned in a flood of obviously fraudulent mortgage loans – a trillion dollars ' worth of them , a torrent that also carried off whatever authority was held by the financial professionals who packaged and sold them to one another . Regulators missed it until it was too late . So did journalists .
But other men of reason and expertise then proceeded to bail out those financial professionals , to restore them to their bonus-happy status quo ante – while leaving you and me to struggle through the worst times in seventy years . As I write this , the forces of reason are allowing banks that claim their files are in order to continue foreclosing on people 's houses even though all evidence suggests that those banks did n't bother with basic paperwork requirements – a form of corner-cutting that would draw a very different reaction were you or I to make a habit of it . Never has the system seemed more obviously rigged or the rule of professionalism more like a bargain between cronies .
This situation should have been a silver-platter gift to those on the left , as similar doings were in the 1930s . But liberals these days are reluctant to speak plainly about such matters , either because they truly believe the free-market faith or because they are afraid that if they do n't at least pretend to , party funders on Wall Street will accuse them of “ class warfare ” – a fear that has been validated even though the Democratic response to the economic crisis has been craven .
The right , meanwhile , has been waging a class war for years now , raging against the devitalized “ liberal elite ” who comprehend so little of the authentic Americanism that transpires in places like Branson , Missouri , and your local NASCAR venue . And this may point us to the most consequential “ asymmetry ” of all : liberals have trouble talking about the obvious realities of class , while conservatives freely spin all manner of theories about the snobbish anti-Americanism of judges or doctors or graduates of fancy colleges .
The organizers of discontent had the perfect answer to the ascension of Obama : a rhetorical weapon their laboratories had developed back when busing and abortion and evolution seemed like the issues that mattered . After a few tweaks to update the old stereotypes , the weapon was ready to be redeployed . And so , in the most economically volatile climate in almost eighty years , it was the ultraconservative American Spectator that published first a cover story and then a book , The Ruling Class : How They Corrupted America and What We Can Do About It ( 2010 ) , in which author Angelo Codevilla provided the Tea Party movement with an intellectual frame for its rebellion . It was that well-known habitue of the right-wing think-tank world Charles Murray who lambasted the “ new elite ” in the Washington Post the week before the election , describing a privileged caste of the well-educated who were “ isolated from mainstream America and ignorant about the lives of ordinary Americans ” .
We may not believe in “ death panels ” , or in President Obama 's secret Kenyan agenda , or even that the bank bailouts were evidence of a socialist takeover , but let us give the Tea Party the credit it has earned : here is a movement so dubious it borders on spurious , and yet it has , in the space of two years , completely halted what so many commentators once believed to be a wave of epoch-shifting righteousness . The “ elites ” the movement has damaged the most – the priests of the almighty middle – are n't the power-lusting liberals its rank and file thought they were gunning for , but the deed deserves our respect nevertheless . For smashing our complacent faith in the Magic Middle and for giving the world a hard and unmistakable lesson in the architecture of American power , every citizen owes them gratitude .
Advertisements
The post-apocalypse of Naughty Dog 's survival-action game The Last of Us is a bleak and hopeless one . But one of the game 's scrapped alternate endings , which took a turn for the improvised and musical , provided a swelling , romantic sense of hope ( and plenty of laughter ) .
At PAX Prime , The Last of Us game director Bruce Straley and creative director Neil Druckmann walked Naughty Dog fans through the original pitch for their PlayStation 3 game , offering a very early look at the game 's story , combat mechanics and influences .
( Note : While the plot details Straley and Druckmann discussed played out differently in the final version of the game , the two also touched on late game story events that should be considered spoilers . )
The two Naughty Dogs showed a version of the game 's ending that turned a playable scene into an extended cut scene . In an earlier version of the game , the story ended with Joel bringing Ellie to a medical facility where doctors researched their unusual gift : their immunity to the infection that all but wiped out the planet . In the scene , Joel learns that the surgery that would be performed on Ellie in search of a cure would also result in their death . Joel takes the news poorly , killing the entire lab staff and escaping with an unconscious Ellie .
Naughty Dog played video of a motion capture session from the take , showing how actors Troy Baker ( Joel ) and Merle Dandridge ( Marlene ) , decked out in mocap suits and armed with toy guns , played out the early version of the scene . Joel takes a hostage , they argue and , despite Marlene 's pleading that Ellie would be better off dying on a surgical table than possibly being raped and murdered by survivors , Joel shoots Marlene as she 's begging for their life .
According to Druckmann , Baker flubbed that scene multiple times , dropping their replica gun as they burst into the room . Druckmann said that , during one of the following takes , they took Marlene aside and gave them some private direction . Then they spoke to Baker privately , saying that no matter what happened in the scene , they simply must continue . Whether they dropped the gun or something else unforeseen should happen , keep going .
On that take , when Baker ran into the room , Dandridge broke into song , belting out a beautiful rendition of their lines with musical flair . Even as Dandridge sang the lines `` Raped and murdered ! Raped and murdered ! '' Baker did n't flinch , instantly improvising their own sing-songy version of the dialogue , momentarily turning the climactic scene from The Last of Us into a Broadway musical . Impressively , neither actor broke character , completing the scene wholly in song .
The improvised musical performance drew an ovation from the PAX crowd .
Straley and Druckmann also touched on a very different version of The Last of Us that saw Joel 's partner Tess plays the role of antagonist . In earlier versions of the story , Tess ' brother joins Joel , Tess and Ellie on the initial leg of their journey . Tess ' brother soon dies in a firefight with the military that Joel instigates , and Tess blames Joel for their death . When Joel and Tess go their separate ways , the latter begins to resent Joel and with the help of a gang of survivors , attempts to hunt Joel down .
Near the end of the game , Naughty Dog planned to have Tess ' gang catch up with Joel and chase them down into a ranch house . With Joel 's help , Ellie would escape . Tess would then torture Joel for information about Ellie 's whereabouts with the intent of finding them and killing the girl — `` She knows you 're the only thing I care about , '' Joel would have told Ellie .
The torture scene would have ended with Tess pointing their gun at Joel 's head , then a gunshot and a smash to black .
During their escape , Ellie would have doubled back , seen the torture taking place and shot Tess . It 's their gunshot players would have heard .
Among the other scrapped ideas for The Last of Us was another character along for the ride : Ellie 's dog . Naughty Dog showed concept art of the scrappy pup in Ellie 's arms , but no in-game footage of their faithful companion .
`` We wanted to make a Naughty Dog game with an actual dog , '' Druckmann said .
Update : The official PlayStation YouTube account has uploaded a video of the game 's alternate ending .
Miami , FL – Either Rick Ross was n't satisfied with the inevitable second place finish to Drake or they recorded more music than they knew what to do with it when making their new album , Rather You Than Me .
Whatever the reason , Rozay is aiming to hit the 2017 black market once again with the release of yet another new album , which will serve as a sequel to their 2006 debut album , Port of Miami . While speaking to their hometown radio station and Papa Keith over at 103.5 The Beat , Ross unveiled the name of their 10th album : Port of Miami 2 : Born to Kill .
“ My 10th album before I close out my 10th year will be Port of Miami 2 : Born to Kill , ” Ross relayed to an appreciative Papa Keith regarding the exclusive .
Due to its August 2006 release date , this would technically be Rozay 's eleventh year but the album did jumpstart the gaudy rap star 's larger-than-life persona into something epic . Featuring hits like “ Push It ” and the culture-changing “ Hustlin ' , ” the album took the escalator climb on the sales chart , finally earning a platinum plaque after a decade of existence . The Maybach Music Group founder also celebrated the album last summer with a with an 10th anniversary concert .
Still on the phone with the team making sure we do everything we can for everyone one my fans to experience what the world is talking about # RATHERYOUTHANME my NEW ALBUM available online everywhere . TEAMWORK makes the DREAMWORK. ? A post shared by The Boss Rick Ross , Yung Renzel ( @ richforever ) on Mar 21 , 2017 at 4:34pm PDT
Speaking of record sales , Rozay 's ninth studio album — Birdman diss and all — is projected to sell anywhere between around 85,000-95,000 units ( with 40,000 to 50,000 in pure album sales ) by the end of the week . Such numbers would normally be good enough for a Billboard 200 top placement but Drake 's More Life – subliminal disses and all — is expected to be certified Gold or better at the close of the week .
US-led airstrikes are continuing against Islamic State-controlled oil fields in Syria , not long after the Pentagon said hydrocarbons were no longer the fundamentalist militant group 's most significant source of financing .
The American-led coalition earlier this week attacked and destroyed “ multiple ISIL oil pumps ” near Dayr az Zawr , according to a Department of Defense press release issued Monday .
The operations demonstrate that the US is continuing to employ a risky tactic in Syria that it was reportedly reluctant to use after initially launching military operations last September against the Islamic State—one that is likely to be yielding diminishing benefits , according to the Pentagon itself .
On Feb. 3 , Defense Department spokesperson Rear Adm. John Kirby said that oil sales were “ no longer the main source of revenue ” for Islamic State militants .
“ They get a lot of donations . They also have a significant black market program going on . But what I can tell you is that we now know that oil is no longer the lead source of revenue , ” Kirby said .
The attacks earlier this week were not the first since Kirby publicly revealed the Pentagon 's assessment of the militant-controlled oil industry in Syria . On Feb. 12 , the anti-Islamic State coalition also struck “ multiple ISIL oil pump jacks ” near Hasakah , according to a Pentagon statement . A few days earlier , the US-led alliance took out “ an ISIL mobile oil rig ” in the proximity of the same city , the Defense Department said .
Last month , American officials boasted for the first time that coalition forces have attacked at least 200 Islamic State controlled-oil wells , as The Sentinel reported .
They did not note , however , that oil infrastructure is only being targeted in Syria because the nature of the operations remain controversial . Similar facilities in Iraq are not on the receiving end of US-led attacks , because “ the government in Baghdad has asked the US not to hit oil infrastructure , ” according to The Guardian .
The US military and its allies were initially concerned about targeting oil fields in Syria because they did not want to destroy “ underground resources belong [ ing ] to the Syrian people ” while doing “ long-term damage ” in both economic and environmental terms , Foreign Policy 's Keith Johnson reported in September . Johnson recalled the images of “ choking , black fires that came from burning oil wells sabotaged by Saddam Hussein 's forces in the first Gulf War ” in detailing concerns about the lasting damage such attacks can do .
When I first got interested in computers , it was all but impossible for an individual to own a computer outright . Even a “ small ” machine cost a fortune not to mention requiring specialized power , cooling , and maintenance . Then there started to be some rumblings of home computers ( like the Mark 8 we recently saw a replica of ) and the Altair 8800 burst on the scene . By today 's standards , these are hardly computers . Even an 8-bit Arduino can outperform these old machines .
As much disparity as there is between an Altair 8800 and a modern personal computer , looking even further back is fascinating . The differences between the original computers from the 1940s and anything even remotely “ modern ” like an Altair or a PC are astounding . If you are interested in that kind of history , you should read a paper entitled “ Electronic Computing Circuits of the ENIAC ” by [ Arthur W. Burks ] .
These mid-century designers used tubes and were blazing new ground . Part of what makes the ENIAC so different is that it had a different design principle than a modern computer . It was less a general purpose stored-program computer and more of a collection of logic circuits that could be configured to solve problems — sort of giant vacuum tube FPGA , if you will . It used some internal representations that proved to be suboptimal which also makes it seem strange . The EDSAC — a later device — was closer to what we think of as a computer . Yet the ENIAC was a major step in the direction of a practical digital computer .
Cost and Size
The size of ENIAC is hard to imagine . The device had about 18,000 tubes , 7,000 diodes , 70,000 resistors , 10,000 capacitors , and 6,000 switches . There were 5 million hand-soldered joints ! ( [ Thomas Haigh ] tells us that while this is widely reported , the real number was about 500,000 . ) Physically , it stood 10 feet tall , 3 feet deep , and 100 feet long . The tube filaments alone required 80 kW of power . Even the cooling system consumed 20 kW . In total , it took 150 kW to run the beast .
The cost of the machine was about $ 487,000 . Almost a half-million dollar in 1946 is plenty . But that 's nearly seven million dollars in today 's money . What was worth that kind of expenditure ? The military built firing tables for shell trajectories . From the [ Burks ] paper :
“ A skilled computer with a desk machine can compute a 60-second trajectory in about twenty hours… ”
Keep in mind that in 1946 , a computer was a person . [ Burks ] goes on to say that a differential analyzer can do the same job in 15 minutes . ENIAC , on the other hand , could do it in 30 seconds and with a greater precision than the differential analyzer .
Keeping it Running
Tubes are n't known for being highly reliable . In fact , an old friend of mine worked on the Whirlwind — another early computer with “ only ” 5,000 tubes . They said they kept good tubes in the right pocket of their lab coat and burned out tubes in the left . When the machine stopped , they would roam around looking for the dark tube and fill one pocket while emptying the other .
According to [ Burks ] , to minimize this problem the tubes operated far below their rated values . A filament rated for 6.3V , for example , would run at 5.7V . Like a modern computer , ENIAC operated on a master clock and using digital switching to minimize timing and parameter variations in different tubes .
Cards and Decimal Delight
The original ENIAC had no memory as we think of memory . [ Burks ] describes that some internal memory resides in dual triodes operating as a flip-flop ( also known as an Eccles-Jordan circuit ) . However , some function tables were no more than a matrix of resistors—this is read-only , of course . [ Burks ] also asserts that the plug wires also form a kind of memory . The machine did have punched card input and output and in 1953 , the machine had 100 words of magnetic core added .
Although the machine used digital logic , it did n't use binary . Instead , the computer used decimal digits stored in a ring counter ( see schematic below ) . This took 36 tubes ( some of which were actually two tubes in one envelope ) per digit . It was the electronic analog of a mechanical counter . Pulses advance the count for each digit and an overflow advances the next virtual wheel .
Units
There were 20 ten-digit accumulators ( that 's 7,200 tubes right there ) . These could perform 5,000 additions or subtractions per second . Some of the accumulators could multiply ( 385 multiplications per second ) and others could do divisions and square roots . The machine could do 40 divisions per second or 3 square roots .
The speeds are somewhat misleading as it was possible to set up multiple operations to proceed at once — early parallel processing . Also , things like multiplication could go faster depending on the number of digits in the operands .
You can find a lot more detail about the device 's design in the paper . However , that 's not what you really want , is it ?
Hands On
There was a time when it would have been nearly impossible to try your hand at programming the ENIAC . Now , you can simulate one using a Java program . If you decide to accept the challenge , you 'll probably want to read the operator 's manual ( [ Burks ] was also one of the authors of the manual ) .
I 'll start you off with a very simple example . When you start the Applet , you can load a few example programs or some configurations . Pick the “ Small ” configuration which only has a few units but is easier to manage for a start . It should look like this :
The top left box is some indicator lights ( they will spell GO when running ) . The next box to the right shows the current clock state . The box below that controls the clock . You can set the frequency with the slider . Back to the top , the two boxes with the 0-9 lights are the accumulators . You can click on them to set a value , or just read the lights . The box with the picture in it is the initiating unit and you 'll use it to make the program run . You can let your mouse hover over the various elements to see what each part is .
The bottom rows contain interconnects . If you let the mouse float over them , you 'll see they are numbered . As you might expect , number 5 on the left connects to number 5 on the right , for example . The same arrangement is right under the accumulators , except those connect entire numbers , not just signals .
The units with all the rotary switches are where you do the bulk of the programming . If you hover your mouse over the various elements , you 'll see what each switch does ( most of them are duplicates , but have different numbers ; you 'll see why in a minute ) .
Here 's a simple setup to add six ( stored in the left accumulator ) into the right accumulator ( use the blue numbers in the figure below if you get lost ) .
Draw a wire from the terminal on the initiating unit ( the box with the picture ) to the nearby program connector 1 in tray A ( the leftmost terminal on the top row of the interconnect trays ) . On the cycling unit ( the clock ) , turn the knob to infinity . In the box with the switches , there are two connectors at the left ( IL1 and IL2 ) . Draw wires between them in both boxes . On the right side of tray ‘ A ' there are terminals . Connect program connector 1 to program connector 1 in each accumulator box . In the top right corner of each of those same boxes is a connector , IR1 . Click on it to install a shorting plug ( repeat for both boxes ) . In the left box with the switches , find operation switch 1 and turn it to A ( not alpha , but A ) . In that same box , drag a cable from digit connector A to the connector in tray 1 , just above it . In the rightmost box with the switches , drag a cable from digit connector alpha to the nearby tray 1 connector . Turn on all four filament switches ( one in each unit ) . In the left-hand accumulator , click on the 6 in the rightmost column . This represents the number 6 .
After all this , your setup should look like this ( except the blue numbers , of course ) :
If everything looks good , press the Go button in the initiator unit . At first , it may appear that nothing is happening . If the clock is slow ( which it is by default ) it will take a while for things to start since the machine wo n't really run until the clock starts at the beginning . This is always true , but if you crank up the clock speed , you wo n't notice so much . Do n't at first , though , because it is interesting to observe the machine operate at slow speed .
You 'll see that the first accumulator actually cycles through , creating pulses to send to the other accumulator . After one cycle , it will stop and now both accumulators will contain 6 . Press Go again and when things are done , the result will be 12 .
Wait , What ?
I told you that it does n't resemble modern programming very much . The short description is that the initiator causes the first accumulator to dump its contents as pulses on tray 1 ( via the A output ) . The second accumulator receives those pulses via the alpha channel and uses them to advance the virtual wheel I mentioned earlier .
Try moving to operation 5 ( instead of 1 ) in each accumulator . Then set repeat switch 5 to some value in both boxes ( say , 4 , for example ) . Now , the result will wind up being 6 times 4 and if you watch it execute , you 'll see why .
First Principles
Spend a day programming ENIAC and you 'll appreciate our modern tools . The emacs vs vi war does n't seem like such a big deal after you 've spent a day pushing patch cords around . In general , I like the idea of going back to first principles . However , if I were teaching CPU design , I 'm not sure I 'd go this far back to start . Understanding how ENIAC and other computers of that period operated can give you some insights . Reading the [ Burks ] paper gives a lot of insight into the design tradeoffs and while the techniques are n't likely to be useful today , the approach to solving problems can be instructive .
The Java program is neat because it runs anywhere and it is visually appealing . If you are serious about simulating the ENIAC and you do n't mind downloading some software , there are other options that simulate more of the device .
For some deep history on the construction and early use of ENIAC , you might also enjoy the video below from computer historian [ Dr. Thomas Haigh ] . They mention that some of the quoted speeds for the machine were not reliable , and also points out a lot of the unsung heros behind the machine 's development . If you want to see some more example programs , you can find some on the web site for their book ( look under supporting technical material ) .
[ Featured and Thumbnail images are U.S. Army Photos via Historic Computer Images ]
Shell braces for extended low oil prices with mass job cuts
Updated
Global energy giant Royal Dutch Shell is sacking 6,500 of its workers as the lower price for crude oil bites into its profits .
Shell 's quarterly profit dived by almost 40 per cent because of the oil slump and , with the oil price set to remain low , it has slashing capital spending by another $ US3 billion .
The action by Shell comes as it seeks to convince investors it can withstand a long period of lower oil prices , with its planned purchase of BG Group yet to be approved .
Matthew Beesley , head of global equities of Henderson Global Investors , told AM that the Shell job cuts represent 7 per cent of its entire workforce .
`` They are very keen to signal to investors that should oil prices stay at these low levels , currently below $ US50 , then there 's more they can do in terms of job cuts , more they can do in terms of cost cuts and more they can do in terms of capital expenditure reduction , '' Mr Beesely said from London .
`` Shell , in trying to buy BG , are making a bet that oil prices are going to go higher , so for them it 's important in advance of a completing the acquisition that they get their own house in order so they can weather lower prices if indeed we are in an environment where prices are lower for longer . ''
Mr Beesley believes the jobs losses are likely to extend beyond staff directly employed by Shell .
`` I think that 's inevitable . There will be cuts from the contracting work phase too and , on top of that , Shell is looking to acquire BG and you have to think that most of the white-collar workforce at BG will be vulnerable too , '' Mr Beesley added .
Shell 's proposed acquisition of BG Group is now more important than ever given bets that the boom in demand for LNG might offset a lower crude oil price .
`` The Curtis Island project in Queensland is a project that is ramping up now , and is a key part of the attraction for Shell in acquiring BG , '' Mr Beesley said .
`` It will give Shell in total the best part of a third of the global LNG market by the time we get out to 2018 .
`` Of course for them to make the amount of money that they hope to make out of this business , they will need oil prices and gas prices to be higher . ''
The job cuts at Shell follow a record $ US1.05 billion quarterly loss posted by fellow energy giant Peabody Energy .
Total coal volumes were down 8.5 per cent in the June quarter prompting Peabody to write down its coal portfolio by $ US901 million .
Follow Peter Ryan on Twitter @ peter_f_ryan and on their Main Street blog .
Topics : oil-and-gas , coal , company-news , australia , united-kingdom
First posted
LAS VEGAS -- The Nevada Supreme Court has upheld an order for Cincinnati Bengals defensive back Adam `` Pacman '' Jones to pay more than $ 12.4 million in damages in the shooting of two former Las Vegas strip club doormen , including one left paralyzed during a 2007 melee .
The unanimous state high court ruling issued Thursday keeps Jones on the hook to pay Tommy Urbanski and their ex-wife , Kathy .
The justices upheld a trial judge 's decision to remove the NFL from the case , and rejected Jones ' contention that damage awards for Urbanski and co-worker Aaron Cudworth did n't legally correspond to findings of liability .
Jones was n't the gunman , but Las Vegas police alleged they instigated a brawl by throwing handfuls of cash toward dancers inside the crowded club .
Urbanski and Cudworth were wounded outside .
German chancellor had said ‘ Politics is sometimes hard ' after Palestinian teenager burst into tears over deportation fears during televised debate
A teenage Palestinian asylum seeker who burst into tears in front of Angela Merkel during a televised debate will be allowed to stay in Germany , officials said on Friday . Merkel 's encounter with the teenager named Reem – who speaks perfect German – went viral on the internet . The debate , entitled Good Life in Germany , took place in the northern city of Rostock .
I do n't care whether a politician feels my pain – can they do anything about it ? | Julian Baggini Read more
“ I do n't know the personal situation of this young girl , but they speak fluent German and has visibly lived here for a long time , ” said the minister for integration , Aydan Ozoguz , according to the website of Spiegel weekly . “ This is exactly why we changed the law , so that well-integrated youths can have a new residency permit through a new immigration law that came into force in August . ”
During the discussion , Reem told Merkel that they and their family , who arrived in Rostock from a Lebanese refugee camp four years ago , faced deportation . “ I have goals like anyone else . I want to study like them ... it 's very unpleasant to see how others can enjoy life , and I ca n't myself , ” they said .
The mayor of Rostock 's spokesperson told the daily Tagesspiegel that they had no intention of sending Reem and their family back .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest During the televised debate Merkel told Reem that ‘ politics is sometimes hard ' .
Merkel had responded to Reem by saying they understood , but that “ politics is sometimes hard ” . “ You 're right in front of me now and you 're an extremely nice person . But you also know in the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon are thousands and thousands and if we were to say you can all come ... we just ca n't manage it , ” Merkel had said . Some critics said the incident showed Merkel 's insensitivity , while others hailed them for not lying to the teenager .
Germany took in 200,000 asylum seekers last year and expects as many as 450,000 this year .
Top Gear presenter angered by Mirror story saying they have been told not to cause a ‘ diplomatic incident ' on South American trip
There is clearly no love lost between Jeremy Clarkson and their arch-rival Piers Morgan 's former paper the Mirror . The Mirror printed a story on Monday claiming that the Top Gear presenter had been warned by BBC bosses “ not to cause a diplomatic row during a Top Gear road trip to Argentina ” . It quoted a BBC insider as saying : “ There was real panic when bosses learned that Top Gear was going to Argentina of all places . Clarkson and their crew have a record of upsetting foreigners – from Mexicans , the French and Asian – the last thing the BBC needed was a big incident with Argentina . Jeremy has been warned to be on their very best behaviour and to do nothing that would upset their hosts . They have promised to do so. ” But on Wednesday , Clarkson tweeted to deny they had been given any such warning , and indeed , judging by their photo , might be in another country completely :
Jeremy Clarkson ( @ JeremyClarkson ) According to the Mirror , the BBC told me not to misbehave while I 'm in Argentina . 1 ) they have n't and 2 ) see pic pic.twitter.com/bd3erxSsTZ
They later commented “ I 'm not even in Argentina ” , adding an “ official response ” to the Mirror :
Jeremy Clarkson ( @ JeremyClarkson ) Anyway , this is my official response to the Mirror . pic.twitter.com/PF83GPDg9P
Clarkson 's argument was slightly undermined by the fact that on Saturday they had tweeted that they were in Argentina :
Jeremy Clarkson ( @ JeremyClarkson ) Argentina . In a hotel bar . I am going to fucking live here . pic.twitter.com/TUOKz5Y0rw
Patagonia – where Clarkson is reported to be filming Top Gear 's Christmas special – is shared by Argentina and Chile , so both parties could claim to be right . In any case , it 's clear Clarkson 's spat with the Mirror is entering uncharted territory .
Cryptocurrency IOTA rose sharply on Wednesday after the venture arm of German industrial powerhouse Bosch announced it had a large stake in the altcoin .
IOTA Price Levels
The value of IOTA ( MIOTA/USD ) jumped 7.5 % to $ 4.05 , its highest in over a week . Prices touched a session high of $ 4.23 before paring gains . IOTA has a total market capitalization of $ 11.8 billion on supplies of nearly 2.8 billion , putting it eighth among active cryptocurrencies .
More than $ 274 million worth of IOTA was transacted over the past 24 hours , according to CoinMarketCap . Bitfinex generated more than a third of the daily trade volumes . Crypto exchange binance turned over 29 % of the daily transactions . South Korea 's Coinoine saw nearly 15 % of the daily foot traffic .
IOTA experienced a large drop off last week , as the global cryptocurrency market underwent a sharp correction . Prices plunged from record highs above $ 5.30 all the way down the $ 3.35 .
Even with the latest bout of volatility , IOTA has witnessed a surge in buying interest over the pasts four weeks following months of lateral moves . In the process , the coin broke several technical resistances . IOTA is likely to run into sharp resistance the closer prices approach $ 5.00 . Longer term , the bulls are eyeing new record highs north of $ 5.50 .
Bosch Backs IOTA
Bosch 's venture capital arm recently disclosed a significant stake in MIOTA tokens , a sign the German industrial giant was betting big on the Internet of Things ( IOTA ) . According to Venture Beat , the investment was made by Robert Bosch Venture Capital ( RBVC ) , which announced it had bought a “ significant number of MIOTA coins .
“ Choosing IOTA as the first investment is based on the fact that we have been working with IOTA for quite some time and are very impressed by the founding team and the IOTA community , ” RBVC partner Dr. Hongquan Jiang said , according to Venture Beat .
They added that , “ IOTA has the potential to solve some fundamental problems in the [ distributed ledger technology ] for IOT , namely the scalability and transaction cost issues . ”
IOTA offers a unique proposition to crypto investors looking to go above and beyond the blockchain . IOTA is one of the first distributed ledgers to implement machine learning for the purpose of securing data and money for a small fee . The platform has already processed more than $ 10 billion in transactions , and is being used in various industries where micropayments are accepted , including electric vehicle charging stations .
Being at the center of the IOT revolution puts IOTA in a strong position to attract new investments . As its use cases continue to grow , the platform will be relied upon to implement enterprise-level IOT deployments .
The size and growth rate of the IOT economy varies , but industry insiders generally agree it could represent the next phase in the internet 's evolution . The growth of interconnected devices will be accompanied by a surge in the micropayment industry , of which IOTA is already a participant .
Disclaimer : The author owns bitcoin , Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies . They hold investment positions in the coins , but does not engage in short-term or day-trading .
Featured image courtesy of Shutterstock .
In the first half , the Los Angeles Rams had just over 100 yards of total offense . They nearly matched that total on one play alone in the third quarter when Jared Goff found Robert Woods for a 94-yard touchdown to give the Rams a 16-7 lead .
Take a look as Woods absolutely torched the defense on a beautifully run post route .
It was the longest play since Tre Mason ran one 89 yards to the house back in 2014 . Going all the way back to 1994 , it 's the longest play the Rams have had in 23 years .
In fact , it 's the longest play since the Rams had a 95-yarder in 1964 .
Jared Goff 's 94-yard TD pass to Robert Woods is the longest play from scrimmage by the @ RamsNFL since Bucky Pope caught a 95-yard TD pass from Bill Munson in Week 14 , 1964 — NFL Research ( @ NFLResearch ) November 12 , 2017
Attention Pete Nation : NickSplat , Nickelodeon 's destination for the most loved Nick content from the 1990s and beyond , will be hosting a specialweekend reunion event , `` The Strongest Reunion in the World ! ! ! '' this weekend , which is sure to leave you smiling strange ! The two night event will feature brand-new special on-air material featuring the cast and six episodes of Nickelodeon 's popular early '90s live-action series ( three episodes each night plus same night encore ) .The episodes ofthat NickSplat will be airing during their `` The Strongest Reunion in the World ! ! ! '' weekend are : After the Petes and Ellen unintentionally drive Mr. Tastee ( the local ice-cream man ) out of town by trying to find out about their personal life , they start a hunt to find them and bring them back as the summer comes to a close . Guest stars : Michael Stipe of R.E.M . appears as the ice cream man `` Captain Scrummy '' in the beach scene ; Kate Pierson of The B-52 's appears as Mrs. Van Devere.The Petes ' father , Don Wrigley , and Ellen 's father , Mr. Hickle ( Steve Buscemi ) , start a prank war , which helps Little Pete and their father get closer while tearing Big Pete and Ellen apart . Based on theshort entitled `` The Big Race . `` While Big Pete engages in a struggle against time to study for a test on the American Revolutionary War ( with the fear that failing would cause them to wind up like the school 's janitor , rumored to have failed the same test years before ) , Little Pete leads their gym class to try to beat their teacher 's intramural dodgeball team.The Petes compete for Dad 's affections as they prepare to pass down `` Rolling Thunder '' , a bowling ball that apparently has mystical powers.Little Pete and their friends aim to overthrow the International Adult Conspiracy 's reign over bedtimes by staying up for eleven nights and thus breaking the world record.Big Pete is put in shop class , much to their displeasure . Their teacher , Mr. Slurm , assigns them to work on a mysterious `` special project '' with the bully `` Endless '' Mike Hellstrom . `` The Strongest Reunion in the World ! ! ! '' weekend marks the first timewill air on NickSplat ( including The Splat and The '90s Are All That ) . Pete & Pete was last broadcast on Nickelodeon USA for a one-time showing on Nickelodeon on 10th June 2004 , as part of Nickelodeon 's 25th anniversary celebrations during U-Pick Live . The episode that was aired was `` King of the Road '' , the first episode from the shows first season . Pete & Pete was last seen in the USA on The N ( TeenNick 's name prior to 2009 ) on 2nd October 2003 . Three of the shows pre-series shorts aired during The Splat 's launch night on 5th October 2015 .
Created by the 5-man French development team , Sundae Factory , Ecotone is a 2D puzzle platformer with an emphasis on physics and help from its nifty selling point . Each level in this tiny indie game features a whimsical atmosphere along an incomplete sentence at the top left of the screen . For example , a level with the text `` we did n't always agree '' features two characters instead of one , and from the text , the player gathers that both characters move in opposite directions . Completing each level completes the statement , and in that way advances to the next level . The game features several physics-based puzzles ( i.e . pushing boxes , crates , simultaneous button presses ) and also a Limbo-like death timer . However , the most appealing aspect I found researching this game was the overall atmosphere of the game . Describing this game without describing the character design would be a sin , and doggone it , Sundae Factory captured my attention with adorableness . A single look at the forlorn mask the main character wears was enough to break down my resolve and bust out a post in the middle of the night . In addition , I was super impressed that 5 friends got together and threw together such an absolutely charming game , with a soundscape befitting of its airy quality .
Unfortunately , these folks are starving for money , and with only 10 days left on their project starter site and several thousands of dollars short , it seems like a shame that a game like this would get so high , yet fall so short .
Freshness Rating : I wish I could stay awhile , but I 'm forced to leave .
About 15 years ago , a prominent Israeli dealing with world affairs told then-MK Natan Sharansky about a “ future leader of the Arab world ” who “ thinks exactly ” like Sharansky — a modern and moderate young man who “ believes in democracy ” in the Middle East . The Israeli offered to fly Sharansky to Paris to meet this future leader — one Bashar Assad , then the son of and today ( still ) the president of Syria — hoping the two would advance bilateral relations .
Before agreeing to fly to Paris , Sharansky asked if Bashar was going to be democratically elected . “ No , of course not . Their father [ Hafez Assad ] is going to appoint him , ” the interlocutor responded . Sharansky politely declined . Obviously , they could not have known that this ostensible would-be believer in democracy would be massacring their own people a decade-and-a-half later for daring to challenge their rule . But for Sharansky , a leader who was not elected , or seeking to be elected by their people , it was not worth their time .
Arguably the world 's most famous former Prisoner of Zion , who spent years in a Soviet prison fighting for their right to immigrate to Israel , Sharansky 's belief in democracy is unshakable . While a political hawk , they are one of the few public figures in Israel who fully embraced the Arab Spring , arguing that it is in everybody 's interest — emphatically including Israel 's — that the people of the Arab world choose their leaders themselves and move toward free , democratic societies .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Many Israeli politicians , especially from the right wing , bemoaned last year 's Tahrir Square demonstrations and subsequent fall of president Hosni Mubarak , which paved the way for the Muslim Brotherhood to win Egypt 's parliamentary and presidential elections this year . But Sharansky , 64 , insists that Mubarak 's dictatorial regime should have ended much earlier .
“ It 's a pity that it did n't happen 20 years ago , ” said Sharansky , who today heads the Jewish Agency for Israel . “ It had to happen . ”
Having presaged the fall of the Soviet Union when they crossed the Iron Curtain and came to Israel 26 years ago , Sharansky believes that all dictatorships are doomed to fall sooner or later . “ Every dictatorship , however good it is for the West , will be overthrown one day , ” they said .
Their 2004 “ The Case for Democracy ” is one of former US president George W. Bush 's favorite texts — it served as their foreign policy guide — but Sharansky differed from Bush on one crucial point . “ Bush was saying [ in 2007 ] , if it 's not Mubarak , it will be the Muslim Brotherhood and we do n't want the Muslim Brotherhood , ” Sharansky recalled in a recent interview in their Jerusalem office .
“ That is the big mistake of the West : If the only options are either Mubarak or the Muslim Brotherhood , you will get the Muslim Brotherhood . If the only options are Yasser Arafat or Hamas , the answer is Hamas . If you understand that [ autocratic regimes will not last ] forever , that they have to fall , then it has to be said : the sooner it will happen , the better . ”
‘ That is the big mistake of the West — if the only options are either Mubarak or the Muslim Brotherhood , you will get the Muslim Brotherhood '
Opponents of the Arab Spring initially believed that the despots of the Middle East could defy it , and go on as if nothing happened . But it would have been smarter to accept from the beginning that the status quo could not continue , they argue . “ The later they will fall the more the people [ in the Arab world ] will hate you , and the smaller the opportunity for any liberal democracy to work , ” Sharansky said .
The free world often forgets that dictators like Mubarak and Assad were subjugating their people ; the more the West supports such regimes , the more it will be hated by the people once the regimes , inevitably , fall apart , they added .
“ The main message of the Arab Spring , even with all the other negative things which happened afterwards , was : now the people will be deciding who will be their leaders . That is a great opportunity . Why ? Because whoever is in power , they depend on the will of the people . That means that whoever is in power will have to deal with the problems of these people . Mubarak and Assad built their power on fear and physical control . The moment we have these new leaders who are dependent on the anger — but also on the satisfaction — of the street , they have to deal with these problems . ”
The new Egypt , for example , has bigger and more urgent problems than Israel , Sharansky reasons . “ They [ Egypt 's leaders ] can speak as much as they want about their hatred for Israel or Zionism or Jews or whatever , their main problem is what to do with the economy that is falling apart , with housing which is not existing and with how to feed tens of millions of people without jobs , ” Sharansky said .
The free world should support the budding democratization of the Middle East , but any aid should be contingent on the development of a free civil society , they suggested .
“ It will not happen in one day , but more and more governments at this moment depend on the will of their people , and will have to cooperate with the free world in trying to solve their problems through helping to build institutions of civil society , ” they said .
Sharansky , a former interior minister and deputy prime minister , will defend democracy no matter the outcome , regardless of whether moderates or extremists win at the ballot box . In February 2011 , before the Muslim Brotherhood come to power in Egypt , they had hailed the Arab Spring as “ the moment to try to put our trust in freedom . ”
In a newspaper interview at the time , they said that the free world was lucky in two respects . “ First , that what happened in Egypt happened when the Muslim Brotherhood is not yet strong enough [ to sweep into power ] . The longer there is dictatorship , the longer the free world helps to destroy all democratic dissent , the stronger the Muslim Brotherhood becomes… So it is good that this is all happening now in Egypt when the Muslim Brotherhood is not strong enough. ” The West 's support for dictatorships that promised stability but did n't care for the people has been helping the Muslim Brotherhood gain steam , Sharansky suggested .
Roughly 18 months later , the Muslim Brotherhood is ruling Egypt , and in Jordan it recently started organizing mass demonstrations against the king , leading some observers to predict a Tahrir-style revolution there too . Yet Sharansky is adamant that democracy is , and remains , the only way forward .
‘ If you believe that for Egyptian people it is more important to kill Jews than not to die from hunger , then you can not explain why this revolution happened '
“ That 's the problem with the free world : we 're not learning anything . At each stage in history , we do the same . We 're looking for which dictator in this awful chaos will be more sympathetic toward us , ” they said . “ The free world has to understand : We can not decide for these people to be a democracy or not . We can not guarantee the survival of the dictators . We can not guarantee the creation of free society. ” Therefore , Sharansky insists that the West support Egypt 's young democracy — which needs the West 's help to survive — but should tie all aid to Egypt to the strengthening of a free society there and the acceptance of peaceful coexistence with Israel .
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood president , Mohammed Morsi , while certainly no Zionist , has publicly indicated their commitment to honor the 1979 peace treaty with Israel . They sent a friendly letter to their Israeli counterpart Shimon Peres ( though they later denied sending it ) and appointed a new ambassador to Tel Aviv , after the post had been vacant for months . Morsi understands , it seems , that at least for now their country has other worries than picking a fight with Israel .
“ The more the government depends on its own people , the less dangerous it is to us , ” Sharansky posited . “ Because the government depends on its own people , it has to deliver goods to the people . If you believe that for the Egyptian people it is more important to kill Jews than not to die from hunger , then you can not explain why this revolution happened . Because when the people went on the street there was not a word about killing Jews or hating Israel . Well , there was sometimes ‘ Mubarak is an agent of Israel , ' but that 's about it . It was all about , ‘ We want to have a normal life , we do n't want to live in fear , we want to have jobs ' — that was their message . ”
‘ Returning the Golan ? Only if Syria becomes democratic '
In 2000 , prime minister Ehud Barak believed they could reach a peace agreement with Syria , in exchange for the Golan Heights . Before joining the coalition , Sharansky 's Yisrael B'Aliyah party , which then had six Knesset seats , made sure of one thing :
“ We put a condition on the coalition agreement : Our vote on the Golan will be linked to the democratization of the regime in Syria , ” Sharansky recalled , adding that politicians from the left and the right were ridiculing the party . If you want to keep the Golan , that 's one thing , but what does the Golan have to with this , they were asked .
“ But we insisted , ” Sharansky said with a smile . The coalition agreement they and Barak eventually signed is “ one of the few documents in Israel 's political history ” linking Israeli territorial concessions with regime change in an Arab country , they noted .
“ Imagine for a moment that we did give back practically the entire Golan to that regime , ” they said . “ The fate of the regime would be the same , because people wo n't live better [ with the Golan ] . Only today , [ Assad ] would be bombarding [ his people ] near the Kinneret , and chemical weapons would be hidden 10 meters from our borders . That 's what [ concessions ] have to with regime change . ”
Hearing Sharansky — a member of the rightist Likud party — making the case for democracy in the Middle East , one might assume he 'd be unhappy about the way the current government has been dealing with the recent developments in the Arab world . Prime Minister and Likud chair Benjamin Netanyahu has repeatedly expressed skepticism about the Arab Spring , saying their initial concern that the upheavals would turn into an “ Islamic , anti-Western , anti-liberal , anti-Israeli and anti-democratic wave ” all came true .
In fact , Sharansky compliments the prime minister on their handling of the situation . “ Netanyahu is right in formulating the conditions which are absolutely unacceptable from our point of view and should not be acceptable for the free world if they want to cooperate with this regime , ” Sharansky said , speaking of Egypt . While they are in favor of the free world working together with Morsi , the West should clearly state that fighting terror in Sinai and keeping the peace agreements with Israel are the very basic conditions that Cairo has to fulfill for any kind of support and cooperation .
“ We do n't believe in the New Testament 's teachings that if you 're slapped in the face you should turn the other cheek , ” Sharansky said . “ We have to think about our dignity , about our interests and power . We do n't have to die of happiness now that the Muslim Brothers are there . We have to formulate , in a very cool way , the minimal threshold of what we believe should be included in the relations with this government . ”
Jerusalem is not obligated to declare its passionate love for the Muslim Brotherhood , Sharansky allows , but it should also not make the error of wishing back Mubarak . “ I do n't believe in a new Middle East based on dictators . ”
Eternal Jew hatred , even in a new Middle East
Even a democratic Middle East will not be free of Jew hatred , not even 20 years from now , Sharansky acknowledges . But that 's not for us to worry about , they argue .
“ As someone who today is dealing a lot with anti-Semitism [ as head of the Jewish Agency ] , we know that there is anti-Semitism in places where there are no Jews at all . So I do n't think that suddenly these [ countries affected by the Arab Spring ] will be areas without anti-Semitism . But most people firstly expect their government to deliver a good quality of life , more than anything else . “ So their hatred of Jews will be an addition to the heart of their lives , which is how to build a good quality of life . ”
When leaders of a country need to worry about being reelected , they believe , their hatred of Jews becomes secondary . “ Of course anti-Semitism is unfortunate — the brainwashing of a thousand years has worked . And they do hate us . But they 'll have a different set of interests , which in many ways will be [ in line with ] our interests . ”
Bolivian prisons rise up
“ When a prison riot starts , even those who accept the rules of society are roused by the noble temptation of freedom ; when the ceilings of the prisons are pulled off by fire or rebels , we throw their hands off our shoulders and identify the enemy . ”
Editor 's note : In their zeal , these words have no intention of victimizing the prisoners of the Bolivian State , but rather simply describing events that took place in the jails here . The echoes of our anarchist will reach those living confined in the State 's cold slave pens .
Mass riots in Bolivian jails began a year ago , calling for the resignation of Ramiro Llanos , the director of the penal system ; demanding an end to delays of justice , “ humane ” treatment , and transportation to hearings . Foreign prisoners demanded to be sent to their countries of origin , and everyone demands an increase to the daily expenses that feed each individual [ prediario ] . Added to the protests is the unfulfilled agreement signed in February 2013 between the prisoners in San Pedro ( La Paz ) and the penal system , which brought a recess and a suspension of the riots , giving a period of three months for compliance with all of the agreed-upon points . Ramiro Llanos denied knowledge of this document , and to this day the prisoners ' demands have not been met .
The State plans to apply new rules on the penal system that fix harsher conditions for prisoners as well as visitors . They are ordering the systematic transfer of prisoners from San Pedro to other panopticon-style prisons far from the city of La Paz . They plan on not receiving new prisoners beginning on July 17th , and have announced the closure of this prison as a repressive measure against the constant protests that have arisen in the La Paz penitentiary . The riots are frequent , and the State intents to break them up through the transfer of prisoners to more distant jails . The transfer of the San Pedro inmates [ that oftentimes live with their families on the inside ] will cause more isolation due to the distance of the prisons where they are to be sent ; this will mean that their families will have even more difficulty visiting them , since 80 % of the prisoners and their families are poor .
Summary of the 2013 riots
On January 17th Llanos ( director of the penal system ) was taken hostage by the prisoners in San Pedro as a response to the constant threats to move them to other prisons if they mobilize or make demands . The repressive forces confronted the prisoners to rescue him . Llanos saved themselves thanks to a few prisoner delegates , who prevented them from being strung up . Protests were unleashed as prisoners resisted the plan for 39 minors from the Calahuma Center for Youth Rehabilitation to be transferred to San Pedro in La Paz . After that day , Llanos no longer had the guts to reenter that combative prison . During the whole month , the prison was in a state of mutiny and riot , with all nine sections taking over all of the jail buildings . Flames were seen on the roofs and yards .
On this latest 10th of June , prisoners in the territory began new uprisings and protests , condemning the fact that only four of every hundred preliminary injunction hearings take place , while the rest are suspended . The principal slogan was a call for the resignation of Llanos . The State 's intention is to close the San Pedro prison , sending the convicts to the “ Chonchoro ” maximum security prison , and those less than 25 years of age to the Calahuma Center for Youth Rehabilitation , and the preventive prisoners to jails in Patacamaya and Sica Sica , hundreds of kilometers from the city of La Paz , as a reprisal and punishment for the fact that this prison has been in a state of emergency since 2012 , demanding the director 's resignation .
Beginning on June 24th , simultaneous protests were initiated in the jails of El Abra in the city of Cochabamba and San Pedro in the city of Oruro . They demanded that their water and electrical services not be cut , as the State had not paid the bills .
On June 26th , the reaction in the Chonchocoro maximum security prison did not wait long after the announcement that prisoners from San Pedro would be transferred there .
On July 2nd , the Chonchocoro and Calahuma prisons protested and announced that they would be in a state of alert , facing the possible transfer of inmates from another prison , which would cause overcrowding in both facilities .
We hope for unity and solidarity among prisoners in Bolivian territory , and that they do n't let the State divide them by “ sectional negotiations ” ( turning one group against the other ) , as it has frequently done to end riots .
Poverty is punished with prison
“ Crime is not punished , but poverty is . ”
( Words of an elder in the San Pedro prison )
In the prisons here , the majority of the population is poor . Nevertheless , the wealthier can live more comfortably , because cash rules . The poor have to survive miserable conditions , sickness , and destitution . For example , in the jail of San Pedro in La Paz the maintenance of cells , infrastructure , recreational space , the kitchen , cleaning materials , medications , and other goods are self-directed by the prisoners themselves . The State has knowledge of this context , but in its insensitivity and contempt toward the poor , it forces them to pay for their stint in prison with their own resources .
It is the poor who feel the harsh impact of prison society , both those in the hands of a judge who will determine whether or not they go to jail , and the preventive prisoners who must show that they have an established family , a home , personal guarantors , or an economic guarantee or job . All of these factors diminish one 's ability to move to house arrest . Thus , the question is : Are all prisoners in an economic position to benefit from this ? The permanence of a poor majority in prisons is continually perpetuated , and for them the penal system is even harsher , with scarce opportunities to get out . The maximum period of preventive detention is 36 months . In Bolivian prisons , there are preventive detainees who have been in for more than three years without being sentenced ( in some cases five or eight years ) . This cruel setting causes intentional overcrowding in prisons , and ensures that they are filled with the poor . The State is going to implement one more condition for release into house arrest : If a prisoner wants to get out , they must buy an anklet with a GPS chip at a cost of $ 4,000 . This will only benefit those who have the ability to pay the cost . For those without means , there is only the hope that one day they will be able to get out . There are many older prisoners , and many with medical conditions , who request a move to house arrest ; with the pardon law passed on December 24th , 2012 , very few walked free . There is no adequate medical care or efficient method for medical leave , even in cases of emergency treatment . While bureaucratic paperwork slows everything down , the result of this inefficiency is that individuals ' health continues to deteriorate , and in many cases prisoners die from lack of medication or medical attention . Additionally , after being imprisoned it is difficult to find a job with a prior criminal record . This is all permitted by the State 's indifference .
In the maximum security prison of Chonchocoro , located in Viacha , there is no potable water ; they have only one well to provide their water , which is still not potable .
Life in prisons in Bolivia is determined by one 's economic status . The majority have to work at whatever they can to survive and pay for their housing , bed , blanket , medication , and other goods . Among prisoners , food and clothing is bought and sold , and everything is a commodity . Prison makes visible the misery of an authoritarian society that chooses who to protect and who to leave in the dungeon .
The complicity of Press and Power
The role of yellow , sensationalist journalism is to adjust “ information ” to state versions , causing prisoners to be seen with disdain , and causing a broader “ societal ” rejection for them .
To this day , the penal establishment has diverted attention in other directions thanks to collaborationist coverage from the Press . As well , they have claimed that there was a supposed child rape in San Pedro , and that there is a drug lab inside the La Paz prison ; these facts were made up by Llanos , but were refuted by the prisoners .
The State has succeeded in minimizing and smearing the prison riots through yellow journalists , as well as the frequent threats to send the prisoner representatives to other prisons , as they have them identified . The servile role of the disinformation media packages all of this to create an unfavorable situation for the prisoners . In San Pedro , they agreed voluntarily to the removal of children older than 11 , and on July 8th they met again with state representatives and agreed to include all children older than 6 years of age .
Repudiation of rapists
In the Palma Sola jail , in the city of Santa Cruz de La Sierra , it came out that minors had been sexually abused . These deeds are detestable , and we repudiate them . Lamentably , this happens not only in Bolivian prisons where children live , but also in schools , churches , shelters , and orphanages , while these same spaces are also prisons by other names . Ramiro Llanos , director of the penal system , used these detestable acts to generalize about all prisoners , and take advantage of “ public opinion. ” Among the San Pedro prisoners , a collective agreement to prohibit the entrance of inmates who had committed rape emerged as another means of struggle . From the posters that remain on the walls and door of the prison , they do not simply call for Llanos to resign , but call for the prison population to reject rapists .
The State 's well known repressive strategy is the division , infiltration , intimidation , and punishment to make an example of individuals ; thus the government is able to weaken , divide , and break up movements through negotiations per prison section . The increase in conditions of control and surveillance in the penal system are part of the maintenance of bourgeois society . It is thought that prison is the solution for “ citizen security ” or to reduce “ delinquency. ” Through this paradigm the State 's only real intention is to protect privileges and maintain the interests of the rich . This background undeniably shows us , for example , that some steal to eat , while others infringe on the law in order to avoid complicity with the impositions of this decadent society . Prisons in Bolivia , as in the world as a whole , reflect this society on a small scale ; they are small cities wherein the imperfections of the system we live in are made visible : There are the privileged , the poor , those who serve as snitches for the police or administrators of “ justice. ” There are drugs and alcohol in prisons because the same administrators and police want these small worlds to rot with vice and sicknesses . Thus , as Power secures the privileges of the State/Capital , it shows its disdain for the poor and those who struggle against it .
Anarchist solidarity is extended to those who suffer punishment , those who do not bend to norms , those who survive in any way they can while the powerful exploit and destroy the earth . This is a humble call to struggle for a different world than the one that they have imposed on us .
Fight against the State with all your strength ; the constant wait for a generalized mass revolt is a truly utopian desire that only perpetuates , strengthens , and assures the enemy 's continued existence . Move to the offensive , conspire , act ; there is no reason to wait for the masses to rise , or for the appropriate conditions . While we are waiting , authority , repression , surveillance , and punishment are extended ever stronger against the poor and those who have decided to take the offensive . Attack loving that which you dream and feel inside , and hating society 's penury .
We do not forget our comrades who are locked up in the hateful enemy 's dungeons . Neither do we forget those who have decided to flee , showing their rejections of state persecution in a society that is falling apart and needs prisons to keep us scared and allow itself to continue . To our comrades : our sincerest greetings , laden with anarchist complicity .
Towards a community of free association and informal organization , without prisons , State , or Capital .
Fire to the prisons , fire to authority , solidarity with the prisoners in Bolivian territory !
source
by
In 1983 , Steve Jobs gave a speech to a relatively small audience at a somewhat obscure event called the International Design Conference in Aspen ( IDCA ) . The theme of that year 's conference was “ The Future Is n't What It Used To Be ” , which looking back seems all too fitting . Circumstances being what they are , very little is available on the Internet regarding this Steve Jobs speech . In my extensive research , I could find only one recording of this talk , which itself was just posted in June of this year . This talk received a fair amount of attention at the end of August , after it was mentioned in a Smithsonian Magazine article written by Walter Issacson , Jobs ' biographer . However , the recording currently available is not complete . It ends after about 20 minutes , which corresponds with the end of Jobs ' prepared speech . Left out is almost 40 minutes of a follow-up question and answer session where Jobs offered incredible insight into their vision of future technology . I now present this recording to the world so that it may be preserved indefinitely .
First , I 'd like to thank one of my oldest clients , John Celuch of Inland Design . They personally attended this speech almost 30 years ago and was the one who gave me the recording I now share . Attendees of the speech received a cassette tape copy and they held on to it all these years . They found the tape sometime last year and thought I might like it . They were absolutely right , but because I was in the middle of a move ( and also due to a lack cassette tape players available to me ! ) I set the tape aside and put off listening to it until this summer . Had I known what was in this recording , I would not have waited so long ! Incidentally , John met Steve Jobs at this conference . During their interaction Steve Jobs gave them something to put in a time capsule that was buried at the conference . To our knowledge this time capsule has yet to be dug up . I 'll share more on this in a future article .
[ Update – Read The “ Lost ” Steve Jobs Time Capsule article now ]
After listening to the recording , I did some research in an attempt to find some pictures of this speech . I only found one source of pictures , courtesy of Arthur Boden via their son Ivan 's Flicker account . Arthur had also personally attended this speech and took some pictures of Steve Jobs giving their talk . Their son uncovered them while scanning some old slides and made them available on their Flicker account . To my knowledge , these may be the only known pictures of this speech . If anyone has any other pictures of this talk or any other Steve Jobs sightings at the conference , I 'd love to know .
Regarding the speech , it is amazing to hear Steve Jobs talk about some things that were not fully realized until only a handful of years ago . This talk shows us just how incredibly ahead of their time they are . I 've listened to the entirety of the recording a few times now and have taken extensive notes , of which I will further elaborate on in future blog postings . But for now , here are a few of the highlights – and remember – they are speaking in 1983 . To put that in context , the Macintosh had not yet been introduced , Apple still thought the Lisa was going to be a hit , and the IBM PC was the second most popular personal computer behind the Apple II series .
They mention that computers are so fast they are like magic . I do n't think it is a coincidence that they called the iPad “ magical ” .
They state that in a few years people will be spending more time interacting with personal computers than with cars . It seems so obvious now , but hardly a given back then .
They equate society 's level of technology familiarity to being on a “ first date ” with personal computers . They recognized that technology would continue to evolve in the near future as would people 's comfort level with it . In hindsight , once it became dominant the PC industry stood relatively still while Jobs was busy planning “ the next big thing ” .
They confidently talk about the personal computer being a new medium of communication . Again , this is before networking was commonplace or there was any inkling of the Internet going mainstream . Yet they specifically talk about early e-mail systems and how it is re-shaping communication . They matter-of-factly state that when we have portable computers with radio links , people could be walking around anywhere and pick up their e-mail . Again , this is 1983 , at least 20 years before the era of mobile computing .
They mention an experiment done by MIT that sounds very much like a Google Street View application .
They discuss early networking and the mess of different protocols that existed at the time . They predict that we were about 5 years away from “ solving ” networking in the office and 10-15 years from solving networking in the home . I 'd say they were pretty much dead-on .
They say Apple 's strategy is to “ put an incredibly great computer in a book that you can carry around with you that you can learn how to use in 20 minutes ” . Does that sound like anything we are familiar with today ? And they wanted to do it with a “ radio link ” so that people would n't need to hook it up to anything to communicate with “ larger databases ” and other computers . Hmmm … .
They compare the nascent software development industry to the record industry . They say that most people did n't necessarily know what computer they wanted to buy . In contrast , when walking into a record store they definitely knew what music they liked . This was because they got free samples of songs by listening to the radio . They thought that the software industry needed something like a radio station so that people could sample software before they buy it . They believed that software distribution through traditional brick-and-mortar was archaic since software is digital and can be transferred electronically through phone lines . They foresee paying for software in an automated fashion over the phone lines with credit cards . I do n't know about you , but I think this sounds incredibly similar to the concept of the Apple App Store . Plus their comparison to the music industry just might be foreshadowing the iTunes store . You need to listen to the speech to hear the entirety of this passage for yourself .
Right at the end of the Q & A session , a question is asked about voice recognition , which they believed was the better part of a decade away from reality . Given the context of Siri today , it is interesting to hear them talk about the difficultly of recognizing language vs voice because language is contextually driven . They say , “ This stuff is hard ” .
So finally , here is my digitized recording of a “ Talk by Steven Jobs ” from the 1983 IDCA . The previously unavailable Q & A session starts at about 21:30 of the recording . Note that most of the questions asked by the audience are unintelligible , but can generally be divined by the responses Steve Jobs gives . I digitized the recording using Audacity and applied a simple noise filter to remove the tape hiss and saved it as MPEG-4 ( M4A ) . And finally special thanks to SoundCloud.com for agreeing to host the download . Enjoy !
( If you downloaded the file earlier with Safari on a Macintosh , Safari may have appended the extension .mp3 to the end of the filename . I have corrected this issue now , but if your downloaded file has the .mp3 extension , simply remove it and leave .m4a at the end so you may see the custom icon )
When US Vice President Joe Biden visited Ankara Aug. 25 to repair Turkish-US relations , which have been strained since Turkey 's failed July 15 coup attempt , they offered an interesting analogy . After examining the ruins at the Turkish parliament bombed by the putschists , they compared Turkey 's trauma to America 's experience after 9/11 , urging reporters to `` imagine if the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania on Sept. 11 , 2001 , had made it to the US Capitol . '' They added , `` Imagine the psychological impact on the American people . ''
Some Americans disliked this analogy , blaming Biden for `` using 9/11 victims for political points . '' Yet in fact , Biden was right ; 9/11 is actually a good analogy to understand the impact of the failed coup on Turkish society . The death toll in these attacks , admittedly , were unequal : There were 10 times more victims on 9/11 than during Turkey 's coup . Still , just like 9/11 , the coup attempt was the greatest attack the Turkish nation has faced in decades . Moreover , just like after 9/11 , the Turkish state now has a right to defend itself and eliminate an immediate threat .
Yet , again just like after 9/11 , there is a serious risk of overreaction .
Why was Turkey 's failed coup such a traumatic experience ? Turks have seen at least four military coups before , but never saw their parliament being bombed , their president barely surviving an assassination squad or their compatriots shot dead by officers or crushed by tanks . The latest coup attempt was a major ordeal — despite being shrugged off by skeptics , who — just like `` 9/11 truthers '' — suggest that it must have been an `` inside job . ''
There are other similarities between Turkey 's coup plot and America 's 9/11 . In both cases , the governments declared that the attackers were not mere criminals who came together ad hoc for a particular crime . After examining the connections of the attackers , the culprit was identified as a broader terror organization . For the United States , it was al-Qaeda . For Turkey , it is now what the government and many of its foes call the Fethullah Gulen Terror Organization — the secretive side of an Islamic cult led by US-based Turkish preacher Fethullah Gulen .
Just remember that no one had claimed the 9/11 attacks , and the US government did not wait for a court decision to take on al-Qaeda . It rather followed `` actionable intelligence , '' and called on its allies to join its `` war on terror . '' This was not merely about punishing those who had attacked the United States , but also averting future threats . This exactly is what the Turkish government is doing now .
However , there is a major difference between al-Qaeda and the Gulenists that makes the situation extremely complicated . Al-Qaeda is proudly a violent organization that declared war on the United States . The Gulenists , on the other hand , seem to be the exact opposite . Gulen themselves denies all charges , and the group appears as nothing but a moderate movement preaching peace , love and tolerance .
Nevertheless , as put by Turkey 's investigative journalists — most of whom are also fierce critics of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan — and also former Gulenists who defected from the group , the visible part of the Gulen empire is only one part of it . The other part is a four-decade-old meticulous infiltration of key state institutions such as the military , judiciary and the police . By hiding their allegiances , and using various illegal tactics , the Gulenists have created a `` state within a state '' responsible for ruthless witch hunts against the group 's enemies , and finally , it seems , the coup plot of July 15 .
That 's why Turkey 's `` war on terror '' is now taking place not in the high mountains of Afghanistan , but the dark corners of Turkish bureaucracy . That 's why , after the coup , a process that began earlier was hastened : the de-Gulenification of the state . As I argued before in Al-Monitor , this is only a legitimate response to a criminal cadre within the state .
There are some worrying excesses , however , that can turn this legitimate response into the government 's own ruthless witch hunt . Since the coup , more than 80,000 civil servants lost their jobs , including more than 2,500 judges and prosecutors . Moreover , more than 20,000 people have been arrested . It is very likely that some of these are innocent people who joined or supported the Gulen community merely for its legal activities such as charity , education or religious training . The suspended judges and prosecutors were also arrested and had their financial assets frozen — depriving them of the chance to hire lawyers , let alone sustain their livelihoods . It is quite possible that many innocent people will be jailed for months and even years based on mere suspicion — as was the case with the establishment of the detention facilities by the United States at Guantanamo Bay after 9/11 .
The alleged mistreatment of some of the top suspects , including torture as per Amnesty International , is even more disturbing . Many Turks ignore such alerts by human rights advocates these days — as some Americans did with torture at Guantanamo Bay and the `` black sites '' of the US Central Intelligence Agency , only to leave a permanent stain on their country 's human rights record .
In foreign relations , Erdoğan also seems to be launching a post-9/11 strategy : You are either with us or against us . They declared , `` The United States has to choose either the Gulenist terror cult or Turkey . '' A constructive dialogue between Ankara and Washington would be better . For that , Ankara must present its legal case against Gulen persuasively , while US authorities must be vigilant but also empathize with their ally 's distress . Hopefully , Biden 's visit can be a step forward in that regard .
Finally , what will really define Turkey 's future is a key question : Is the government merely willing to eliminate a clear and present danger to Turkish democracy , or is it inclined to use this as a pretext for a broader political design ? Many people believe that after 9/11 , the United States chose the latter option by occupying not just Afghanistan — which was hosting al-Qaeda — but also Iraq , whose `` weapons of mass destruction '' were never found .
In the Turkish case , the analogous question is whether Erdoğan and their supporters will actually only focus on the real threat of the Gulenist infiltration within the state , or exploit this crisis to crack down on all political opponents . Both scenarios are possible , for while there has been a positive effort by Erdoğan since the coup to reach out to the opposition , there is also a fervent pro-Erdogan zealotry to make the president the unquestionable savior of the nation — a second Ataturk . Friends of Turkey should engage with it now to help the first dynamic be more definitive in the nation 's uncertain future .
Kitchen gadget maker SodaStream is recalling 51,000 bottles because of a risk that they may explode .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission said Tuesday that thousands of SodaStream 's carbonated bottles “ can burst under pressure , posing an injury hazard to the user or bystanders. ” No one has yet been injured , according to the recall notice .
Get Data Sheet , Fortune 's technology newsletter .
The safety commission said that the recall affects one-liter bottles with an expiration date of “ 4/2020 , ” which is printed on bottle labels .
Affected bottles were sold from Feb. 2016 through Jan. 2017 at stores including Bed Bath & Beyond ( bbby ) , Target ( tgt ) , and Walmart ( wmt ) as well as the online through Amazon ( amzn ) and SodaStream . The carbonated bottles sold for $ 15 , the safety commission said .
People who bought one of the affected carbonated bottles can contact SodaStream via phone or through the company 's website for a refund .
The safety commission recommends people to “ immediately stop using the recalled carbonating bottles . ”
For more about technology , watch :
Fortune contacted SodaStream for more information and will update this story if it responds .
Speculation around what operating systems will power HP 's upcoming slate device and when it will be offered has been going on for months . News of a Windows and Android-powered HP tablet have been reported , as well as HP 's decision to shelf them and focus on a webOS version . No doubt , this was the direct result of HP taking ownership of Palm .
Now we have confirmation of when to expect this webOS tablet . HP confirmed during an earnings call yesterday that we can expect the webOS HP tablet in early 2011 . To be fair the direct quote was that , “ a webOS-based product ” was expected to launch in early 2011 . Since that answer was in response to an inquiry about HP 's concerns about tablets hurting netbook sales I think it 's a safe leap of logic to assume they were talking about the webOS HP tablet .
Read more at PreCentral.net .
The most dramatic political development ( in terms of state governance ) so far this year has been the passage of anti-public employee union legislation in the Middle West .
Next Tuesday , Wisconsin will give us our first look at the political consequences , when people there will vote in a statewide special election for a State Supreme Court seat .
That election has become a de facto referendum on Governor Scott Walker 's legislative ( and anti-union ) agenda . Our sources indicate that the Republican incumbent , who won the February primary vote in a near-landslide , no longer commands a majority in private polling and that turnout will determine the outcome of the race . All of the turnout juice -- the so-called enthusiasm factor -- right now is on the Democratic side .
Ohio 's recently-passed anti-public employee union law is , if anything , even more stringent than the one passed by Governor Walker . The cutting off of an extension of unemployment benefits in Missouri and the curtailment of the eligibility window for those benefits in Michigan are two other developments that have not gone unnoticed in Middle America . The fact that Republicans are leading all these efforts raises the question : will there be national political blowback ?
The answer is almost certainly `` yes . '' Exhibit A can be found in this story from Politico . Jeanne Cummings reports that public safety union officials , in the wake of what 's happened in the Midwest , are turning on the GOP . Cummings reports :
It 's a political shift that could have significant repercussions , and not just because these right-leaning union members vote for Republicans in sizable numbers . Angry cops and firefighters make for bad PR - especially after Republicans under President George W. Bush aligned themselves so successfully with the heroes of 9/11 in the years since then .
Chuck Canterbury , the national president of the Fraternal Order of Police , said their members are `` shocked '' by the turn of events .
`` Who are these evil teachers who teach your children , these evil police officers who protect them , these evil firefighters who pull them from burning buildings ? When did we all become evil ? '' said Canterbury , whose union endorsed Bush in 2000 and 2004 and John McCain in 2008 .
They are traveling the country to rally FOP members to rise up against anti-labor laws in their states or in support of their colleagues in other states . `` There is going to be a backlash , '' said Canterbury , a former county police officer in South Carolina . `` We are going to hold them accountable . ''
We 'll have more on this next week .
If Michael Brown 's death is to lead to meaningful change , if they are not to become another Abner Louima or Amadou Diallo — shot by cops , protested about , and ultimately nothing changed — the struggle in Ferguson must become political , that is , it must develop a fighting electoral wing .
In the 20 years since the Rodney King beating inaugurated the citizen 's video camera as a new weapon in the fight against police brutality , there has been little to no meaningful police reform in the United States because such fights never developed such a wing .
Cops kill , we catch it on tape , and the judiciary absolves them of guilt , over and over again , year after year , decade after decade .
Ultra-left propagandists seize on this fact to prove “ the whole system is corrupt ” ; “ we ca n't trust the state ” ; “ we need a revolution . ”
These statements are as true as they are irrelevant to the struggle in Ferguson . Like all anti-police brutality struggles of the past two decades , the fight in Ferguson will not lead to greater and greater protests that culminate in the overthrow of the bourgeoisie and the government but rather will degenerate ( and already is degenerating ) into rioting , petty theft , and ultimately demoralization as people get tired , give up , and stay home as their anger goes back underground only to explode again when the next Michael Brown is killed by the next Darren Wilson .
The only way to break this cycle of shootings-protests-demoralization is to advance the struggle to the level of politics , of political parties , as the only plane upon which the insurgent masses can begin trying to curb an out-of-control police force since protests and riots clearly have not and will not change police behavior .
The biggest barrier to this development is America 's apolitical and anti-political culture .
Elections , voter registration , and getting on the ballot are boring and prosaic ; wrecking cop cars and street protests are exciting and ‘ revolutionary . ' Both of these sentiments are a manifestation of said apolitical/anti-political culture and both ( from opposite directions ) ensure that the people marching in the streets for police reform remain party-less , without a choice on election day , without an electoral vehicle or arm of their own to organize , harness , and channel their energy into grabbing some political and governmental power to police the police . Because the Democratic and Republican parties are wedded to the police force as an institution , as an important constituency to avoid offending in any way , shape , or form , pro-police reform activists will have to run their own candidates on their own ballot lines and develop their own ( preferably socialist ) party to run against and defeat the police brutality-enablers that currently hold office .
In Ferguson , that means getting rid of the mayor , the city council , and most of all Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCollouch who ran unopposed ( ! ) in the 2014 election and got 96 % of the vote before deliberately botching the indictment of officer Darren Wilson .
Elections matter , especially when the winners end up in charge of handling police brutality cases .
Consider the following : in Ferguson 's 2013 elections , roughly 12 % of eligible voters cast a ballot , with 6 % of eligible Black voters casting a ballot compared to 17 % of white voters . Nearly non-existent turnout is the secret of how James Knowles III managed to get re-elected as mayor . They got just 1,314 votes in a town with 24,334 registered voters and ran unopposed . ( In 2011 , they won by just 511 votes out of a total vote count of only 2,265 . )
This is how Ferguson ended up with a white Republican mayor and five-sixths white majority on the city council even though it is a majority Black town that voted overwhelmingly for Obama in 2008 . Overcoming this contradiction will require not only running serious pro-police reform candidates with roots in the local protest movement but also mobilizing and organizing a massive increase in Black turnout from single to double digits .
Withpolice reformers on city councils and in the mayor 's ( and prosecutor 's ) office , getting away with murder would be much harder for the police even though it would not diminish the need for protests , for civilian vigilance , and for grassroots organizing to keep the cops in check . It would still be a struggle but it would be a struggle on more favorable terms and with greater possibilities for positive outcomes ( in the form of indictments and convictions when crimes are committed ) than what follows police killings presently . It would open up the possibility of real , meaningful police reforms such as forcing all cops to wear body cameras , for example . When Rialto , California required police to wear such cameras , the results were dramatic :
“ In the first 12 months , the department saw an 88 % decline in complaints filed against its officers compared with the year before and a 60 % reduction in use-of-force incidents . … the agency has also saved time by not having to conduct as many investigations into use-of-force incidents , and the department has seen a decrease in court costs because more suspects are agreeing to plea bargains because of indisputable video evidence . ”
Locally successful fights for police reform could pave the way for national-level measures like the creation of a federal database of police shootings . It 's hard to fight a problem if you do n't know how bad/widespread it is and whether it is getting better or worse from year to year . Right now , no one knows how many Americans are gunned down every year by the police , not even the federal government .
Protests alone wo n't save the next Michael Brown from the next Darren Wilson nor will cameras , but coupling both together with effective politics just might .
Advertisements
Alpha Phi : So racist and evil . Shut it down !
Though liberal media outlets are beginning to notice that contemporary American universities are churning out incompetent , weak , and intellectually stunted graduates , the moral signaling and rent seeking continues .
One `` A.L Bailey , '' a columnist for AL.com , has decided to whip up a hate mob against the Alpha Phi sorority at the University of Alabama . Their crime ? They made a recruitment video showing their members having fun .
Bailey snarls :
No , it 's not a slick Playboy Playmate or Girls Gone Wild video . It 's a sorority recruiting tool gaining on 500,000 views in its first week on YouTube . It 's a parade of white girls and blonde hair dye , coordinated clothing , bikinis and daisy dukes , glitter and kisses , bouncing bodies , euphoric hand-holding and hugging , gratuitous booty shots , and matching aviator sunglasses . It 's all so racially and aesthetically homogeneous and forced , so hyper-feminine , so reductive and objectifying , so Stepford Wives : College Edition . It 's all so ... unempowering . [ 'Bama sorority video worse for women than Donald Trump , August 16 , 2015 ]
Presumably , sororities should try to recruit members by showing videos of white girls being lectured by illegal aliens on what racist scum they all are for being alive . That looks fun .
Obviously , the connection to Donald Trump shows that this was really just clickbait . But is there a deeper agenda ? Who is the author anyway ?
Some have condemned Bailey , the writer of the op-ed , for being a hypocrite as they run a fashion and lifestyle blog . [ 'The video is worse for women than Trump ' : University of Alabama sorority slammed for 'racially-homogenous recruitment film , Daily Mail , August 16 , 2015 ]
Where is this website ? Alas , the comments and the bio do n't reveal it .
Whoever wrote it , there 's definitely some resentment going on here .
Remember all those bikini-clad , sashaying , glitter-blowing , and spontaneous piggyback-riding days of college ? Me either . But according to a new video , it 's a whirlwind of glitter and girl-on-girl piggyback rides at the University of Alabama 's Alpha Phi house .
Well , it 's a video designed to show people having fun . If they showed people sitting in sorority meetings designating cleanup responsibilities , paying dues , and trying to file paperwork with various organizations before putting on an event or philanthropy , it would be more realistic , but it would n't be a very good video .
It 's not like colleges show the prospective students they are trying to talk into a lifetime of student debt videos of professors making them buy books by Tim Wise .
Not long ago , the prolific Milo Yiannopoulos at Breitbart observed , `` So , anyway , the next time you hear a story about evil male misogynists slut-shaming a woman , take a closer look . Throughout history , slut-shaming has been driven by women , against women '' [ Mean Girls : Why the only people women should fear online are other women , August 10 , 2015 ] .
Here , `` A.L . Bailey '' compares random sorority girls doing normal fun , girly things to porn stars . But they also implicitly accuses them of being racist , so that makes the `` slut-shaming '' progressive and necessary , as opposed to shameful and patriarchal .
Amazing how in the modern world , the jockeying for social status , especially among women , is most often expressed in the language of egalitarianism and social justice .
If I 'm completely wrong and there 's a different person with a long career of writing for various publications including AL.com who has the initials “ A.L . Bailey , ” runs a fashion blog , and who also lives in Hoover , then I apologize . Seriously , I would hate to be wrong on this . But that would be an amazing coincidence .
Mr. Kirkpatrick I have come across your blog post dealing with Alpha Phi sorority in Alabama . You identify the author of a column on AL.com as A.L Bailey the fashion blogger . This is incorrect . There are two A.L . Baileys who live in the same area . Both are females and both are writers .
Above , I had orginally suggested that the A. L. Bailey who wrote the post was Amy Lemley Bailey , aka The Fashionista , and I wrote : You can probably see where this is going . From a Senior Opinion Writer at Alabama Media Group -As they said in a later email , it 's a `` weird situation and an easy mistake to make '' but it 's still a mistake .
So let 's be clear . Amy Lemley Bailey , aka The Fashionista , did NOT write the column denouncing the Alpha Phi sorority . They had nothing to do with it . It 's simply a ( remarkable ) coincidence .
The Daily Mail may also be wrong in claiming the writer of the original piece is a fashion blogger .
That is why you hedge your bets when making claim you ca n't totally prove 100 % , even when you find it almost impossible you are wrong . Because sometimes you are . So Ms. Bailey , I completely apologize for misidentifying you .
The meat of the entry and how such a column reflects moral signaling ? I stand by all of it . And I 've told the opinions editor that if `` A.L . '' wants to take a crack at me here at VDARE.com , they can do it . So we 'll keep you posted .
Many thanks also to the professional and courteous staff at AL.com for alerting us to the error .
Donald Trump continues to rail against the New York Times over a report that details their campaign 's failed attempts to change the tone of its Republican nominee .
“ The failing @ nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened , ” Trump tweeted early Sunday morning , a day after Alexander Burns and Maggie Haberman 's story , “ Inside the Failing Mission to Tame Trump 's Tongue , ” was published by the newspaper . “ Their reporting is fiction . The media protects Hillary ! ”
“ The failing @ nytimes , which never spoke to me , keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change , ” they continued . “ False , I am who I am — never said . ”
The failing @ nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened . Their reporting is fiction . The media protects Hillary ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2016
The failing @ nytimes , which never spoke to me , keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change . False , I am who I am-never said — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2016
The piece cites four unnamed sources who described a June 20 intervention staged by the real estate mogul 's daughter , Ivanka ; their husband , Jared Kushner ; Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort ; and New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie urging the candidate to “ stick to a teleprompter and end their freestyle digressions and insults . ”
“ Mr . Trump bowed to their team 's entreaties , according to four people with detailed knowledge of the meeting , who described it on the condition of anonymity , ” the paper said . “ It was time , they agreed , to get on track . ”
But “ the effort to save Mr. Trump from themselves has plainly failed , ” the Times concluded :
They have repeatedly signaled to their advisers and allies their willingness to change and adapt , but has grown only more volatile and prone to provocation since then , clashing with a Gold Star family , making comments that have been seen as inciting violence and linking their political opponents to terrorism .
In private , Mr. Trump 's mood is often sullen and erratic , their associates say . They veer from barking at members of their staff to grumbling about how they were better off following their own instincts during the primaries and suggesting they should not have heeded their calls for change . They brood about their souring relationship with the news media , calling Mr. Manafort several times a day to talk about specific stories .
At a rally in Fairfield , Conn. , on Saturday , Trump talked repeatedly about one in particular .
“ We have a newspaper that 's failing badly . It 's losing a lot of money . It 's gon na be out of business very soon . The New York Times , OK ? I love it , ” Trump said . “ And they wrote a story today — anonymous sources have said , three anonymous sources , anonymous this , anonymous that . They do n't use names . I do n't really think they have any names , OK ? ”
They continued : “ There are no anonymous , you know , with my campaign , I 'll be honest with you , it 's me . It 's me . ”
“ I 'm not running against crooked Hillary , ” Trump added . “ I 'm running against the crooked media . ”
“ Contrary to the ‘ New York Times ” nameless sources story , ” Manafort said on CNN 's “ State of the Union ” Sunday , “ the campaign is moving to get forward and is very strong . ”
A spokesperson for the New York Times declined to comment , but said the Trump campaign had not asked for a correction .
The attack on the news media comes on the heels of several rough weeks for their campaign — marred by a string of controversies that have apparently resulted in Clinton 's rise in the polls . According to RealClearPolitics ' most recent average of national polling data , the former secretary of state has opened up a 7-point lead over Trump ( 48 percent to 41 percent ) among likely voters . Following last month 's Republican National Convention , Trump held a 1-point lead over Clinton in RCP 's poll average .
And Trump blames the media for that too .
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and did n't put false meaning into the words I say , I would be beating Hillary by 20 % — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2016
In an interview with Time magazine last week , Trump said they have been taking the advice of GOP leaders , including Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , to stay on message .
“ I am now listening to people that are telling me to be easier , nicer , be softer , ” they said . “ And you know , that 's OK , and I 'm doing that . Personally , I do n't know if that 's what the country wants . ”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
May 11 , 2015 , 6:17 PM GMT / Updated May 11 , 2015 , 9:16 PM GMT
George Zimmerman was injured in a shooting on Monday in Florida , police said .
The shooting in Lake Mary involved Zimmerman and a man identified as Matthew Apperson , police spokesperson Bianca Gillett said . Zimmerman did not fire any shots , according to police .
Neither man has been arrested , and investigators are working to determine whether charges will be brought , Gillett said .
NBC affiliate WESH , citing its own helicopter video , said that there was a bullet hole in a vehicle that Zimmerman had been in on Monday .
Zimmerman was hit in the face with glass and debris , police told WESH . Investigators are waiting to speak with both men , who sustained “ minor injuries ” and have been released from the hospital , Gillett said less than four hours after the shooting .
Police Chief Steve Bracknell told WESH that the shooting may have been related to an `` ongoing dispute . ”
In September 2014 , Apperson accused Zimmerman of saying “ he was going to shoot me dead , '' during a road rage incident , according to the Orlando Sentinel . Apperson did not press charges , the Sentinel reported at the time .
In 2013 , Zimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder by a Florida jury in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , an unarmed teenager . The Justice Department closed its investigation into the killing earlier this year and declined to bring civil rights charges .
Zimmerman was arrested in January after police said they threw a wine bottle at their girlfriend . Prosecutors declined to bring charges after the woman recanted their statement .
Zimmerman filed a defamation suit against NBC News in 2012 . A judge dismissed that claim last year , and Zimmerman has appealed .
IN-DEPTH
SOCIAL
— Erin McClam
An anti-tank rifle is a rifle designed to penetrate the armour of vehicles , particularly tanks . The usefulness of rifles for this purpose ran from the introduction of tanks in World War I until the Korean War . While medium and heavy tank armour became too thick to be penetrated by rigid projectiles from rifles that could be carried by a single soldier , anti-tank rifles continued to be used against other targets , though recoilless rifles and rocket-propelled grenades such as the bazooka were also introduced for infantry close-layer defense against tanks .
History [ edit ]
The tug of war between armour and projectiles had been developing for a long while among naval vessels , since the advent of the Ironclad . It was n't until soldiers met armoured vehicles that the conflict of infantry firearms and armour began . The introduction of armoured cars and tanks resulted in the development of the first anti-tank weapons , among the first of which were high-powered rifles . These had appeared in the 19th century for big-game hunting . The anti-tank rifle followed the same route : a large bullet with a high velocity and the ability to penetrate armour .
World War I [ edit ]
The first tanks , beginning with the British Mark I launched against the German trenches in World War I , were nearly impregnable to ordinary rifle fire . Most armoured cars were similarly protected , but troops rarely faced armoured cars , as they could not navigate the landscape of trench warfare very well . Though tanks and armoured cars were vulnerable to artillery , mortars , and grenades , infantry was at a significant disadvantage when facing armoured fighting vehicles since they had no effective direct fire weapon , with the exception of the ubiquitous trench mortar , improvised on the spot . In the direct fire mode , this weapon was manhandled by German infantry over the front of a trench wall and fired at low angles by eye at approaching enemy vehicles . Though somewhat effective , these actions were obviously very hazardous to any desperate mortar crew as their exposure could attract enemy fire . [ 1 ]
The first attempt at boosting penetrating power was the so-called 'reversed bullet ' . This used the same cartridge and bullet as the regular round , but the bullet was `` reversed '' and an increased propelling charge was used . The next development was a special armour-piercing bullet , the K bullet ( in German Patrone SmK Kurz 7.92 mm ) , which could also be fired from the regular infantry rifle . It had an increased propelling charge and a steel core bullet . This had about a 30 % chance of penetrating the 8 mm armour of contemporary tanks if it struck the armour at a perpendicular angle .
Both types had their specific advantages and disadvantages : for example , the K bullet was more expensive to produce and therefore was generally only issued to snipers and other advanced marksmen who could use it more effectively ; the ordinary infantryman had to make do with reversed bullets , which were far less effective and had to be used in closer proximity to the target . In addition , both types of round damaged the rifles due to the higher propellant load and the resulting higher muzzle velocities and pressures : firstly , service life of the rifle barrel was decreased significantly because of the increased wear . Secondly , the higher pressure created in the chamber could jam the bolt , leading to the extractor claw failing to extract the cartridge and only breaking off the cartridge rim , leaving it stuck in the chamber . The strain of firing the increased charge could also burst the chamber of weaker and older rifles , at best destroying the rifle and at worst injuring or killing the rifleman . For these reasons , the K bullet and reversed bullet were not popular with the troops . Nevertheless , it gave the infantry a chance to stop a tank in an emergency , or at least injure or kill some of the crew if a bullet penetrated .
Even as the rounds were introduced , tanks were being designed and built with thicker armour rendering these rounds largely ineffective , though they remained in use against the older designs and armoured cars . Hence , a purpose-built weapon was required to counter the newer tanks .
The first purposely-designed infantry anti-tank rifle was designed by Germany . The Mauser 1918 T-Gewehr large-calibre ( 13.2 mm ) rifle was capable of penetrating the armour of the newer generations of tanks and allowed a chance at stopping them . The high recoil of the rifle was very hard on the firer , sometimes breaking the collar bone or dislocating the shoulder . Although the rifle was unique to its role , it was a development of the Mauser rifles and high-powered British sporting rifles that had preceded it . The 13.2 x 92 mm ( 0.538 in ) cartridge was not unusual either , as some 0.50-inch firearms have already been fielded in land warfare with the relatively new and more powerful ( as compared to black powder ) smokeless powders of the era .
At the same time , in the US , a half-inch high velocity round was being developed for use against aircraft . It would be used with the Browning-designed .50 calibre machine gun . This round was based on current US .30-06 calibre infantry ammunition . When word of the German anti-tank shell spread , there was some debate as to if it should be copied and used as a base for the new machine gun cartridge . However , after some analysis the German ammunition was ruled out , as its performance was inferior to the modified Springfield .30-06 round and was semi-rimmed , making it difficult to feed into an automatic weapon . The Browning M2 .50 cal machine gun would , however , go on to function as an anti-armour machine gun .
World War II [ edit ]
At the start of World War II , only some European nations had an anti-tank rifle based on a high-velocity , large-calibre round , such as the British Boys anti-tank Rifle . The first combat use of anti-tank rifles took place during the invasion of Poland of 1939 . The Wz . 35 anti-tank rifle was extensively used by most Polish units . The Wz . 35 with 7.92 mm anti-tank rifle ammunition was a very effective weapon against all German tanks of the period ( the Panzer I , II and III , as well as the Czech-made LT-35 and LT-38 ) . [ 2 ] At up to 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) , it could destroy all lightly armoured vehicles . It could penetrate 15 mm ( 0.59 in ) of armour , sloped at 30° at 300 m ( 980 ft ) distance , or 33 mm ( 1.3 in ) of armour at 100 m ( 330 ft ) .
Later , as armour became thicker on newer models , the effectiveness of a man-portable rifle lessened . This was particularly true in Malaya , where the light Japanese tanks specially configured for jungle conflict rode roughshod over British forces amply supplied with the Boys anti-tank rifle . At first small cannons up to 20mm calibre were used , but the anti-tank role soon required more powerful weapons which were based on the application of chemical energy in the form of the shaped charge anti-tank rifle grenade . To these were added rocket launchers such as the bazooka , recoilless rifles such as the Panzerfaust , and rocket-propelled grenades — some anti-armour successes were achieved with heavy-calibre autocannon by the Luftwaffe , especially with the Bordkanone BK 3,7 autocannon , mounted in twin gun pods against Soviet armour on the Eastern Front . Some anti-tank rifles , like the Finnish L-39 , were still used by snipers to harass the enemy , like firing phosphorus bullets at tanks ' open hatches , or to smoke an enemy sniper out of their position .
Korean War [ edit ]
The Soviet PTRS-41 and PTRD of World War II vintage were used by North Korean and Chinese forces during the Korean War as they lacked more modern infantry anti-tank weapons .
Cold War [ edit ]
Although retaining many of the technical characteristics of the anti-tank rifles , the Cold War era weapons are only conceptual descendants of anti-tank weapons wielded by the Second World War infantry , and both large-calibre sniper rifles and anti-materiel rifles owe only some part of their design heritage to them .
Although no longer capable of penetrating even the side armour of modern main battle tanks , they are capable of causing serious damage to their external fittings such as periscopes , optics , sensors , tank treads , and machine guns . They are also useful in disabling or even destroying lesser armoured rear units and support vehicles , helicopters , low-flying UAVs and personnel .
Selected anti-tank rifles [ edit ]
Some examples of anti-tank rifles include :
WWI
WWII
See also [ edit ]
This article is over 2 years old
About 1,500 cyclists but only four motorists have been fined after the introduction of new road laws
Cyclists bear brunt of new road fines as NSW Liberals accused of 'dash for cash '
About 1,500 cyclists but only four motorists have been fined under new laws increasing penalties for a range of cycling offences and introducing a minimum passing distance for drivers since they came into force in New South Wales .
More than two-thirds of infringement notices issued to cyclists have been for riding without helmets .
Stiffer penalties were introduced by the state government on 1 March , including an increase of nearly 350 % in the fine for riding without a helmet from $ 71 to $ 319 .
In the two months since , 1,545 total fines have been issued – a 56 % increase on the number issued in the same period a year earlier .
Nearly 1,100 cyclists had been fined for not wearing helmets in March and April , up from 710 in March and April 2015 . That figure made up more than two-thirds of the total number of infringement notices this year .
' I am terrified of riding on Sydney roads ' : NSW cyclists on new road rules Read more
The second-biggest group was the 166 cyclists aged 12 years or older who had been fined for riding on a footpath . The third was the 70 infringements for riding at night without a visible front white light .
Three cyclists had been fined for riding a bicycle “ furiously ” , while six had been fined for riding “ recklessly ” .
A passing distance of at least 1m , and 1.5m when the speed limit is more than 60km/hr , was made law at the same time the fine increases were introduced , with a penalty of a $ 319 fine and two demerit points .
When the five fine increases were introduced Transport for NSW said it was intended to ensure that bicycle riders receive the same fines as motorists for high-risk behaviour .
But Baird and the state roads minister , Duncan Gay , were criticised for disproportionately targeting cyclists under the guise of introducing safety measures .
Garry Brennan of the Bicycle Network said the steep increase in not only the amount fined but the number of infringement notices issued were evidence of Gay 's “ dash for cash ” .
They said the fines had been enforced with “ astonishing vigour ” , with more than $ 350,000 raised from people riding without helmets in March and April alone .
The Bicycle Network 's chief executive , Craig Richards , questioned how fining riders protected their safety .
“ We 're open to working with the government and NSW police on proven behaviour change initiatives that offer long-term solutions and increase safety for all road users . ”
Spread the love
Washington , D.C. – America is on the precipice of venturing into dangerous uncharted territory that could essentially destroy what underpins the fabric of American : a free and independent press . If the United States attempts to arrest and prosecute Julian Assange , as Attorney General Jeff Sessions has stated , they will become the first journalist in modern history to be prosecuted in an American courtroom for publishing classified information – something regularly undertaken by traditional media outlets .
While WikiLeaks may not appear to be a traditional journalism outlet , there is no question that the service they provide – publishing legitimate , accurate , and truthful information from sources – is exactly what journalism was meant to be .
Make no mistake that attempting to prosecute Assange signals a new and dangerous phase in the United States ' ongoing war on freedom of information , and presents a direct threat to freedom of the press in the U.S .
The Trump administration is attempting to forward the notion that Assange does n't have a First Amendment right , as they are not a U.S. citizen . And while true that they are not a U.S. citizen , freedom of information is a universal human right , and is n't dependent upon U.S. law – nor is it dependent upon being a U.S. citizen — as it is a universal human right of all humans upon birth — with no government permission necessary .
These potential legal actions against Assange will undoubtedly threaten the existence of a truly free press in the United States and could signal a dramatic shift towards totalitarianism .
“ Any prosecution would be incredibly dangerous for the First Amendment and pretty much every reporter in the United States , ” Trevor Timm , executive director of the Freedom of the Press Foundation told Wired . “ You can hate WikiLeaks all you want , but if they 're prosecuted , that precedent can be turned around and used on all the reporters you do like . ”
Reports from both CNN and the Washington Post , both of which act as regular leak conduits for the intelligence community , reported that Jeff Sessions and the DOJ are likely to charge Assange and other “ members ” of the WikiLeaks organization .
The reports indicate that the charges will stem from WikiLeaks ' recent Vault 7 publication of classified CIA materials , which included highly secret hacking tools and techniques , as well as the groups publication of 250,000 State Department cables , provided by Chelsea Manning , which became known as Cablegate . Just last week , CIA director Mike Pompeo labeled WikiLeaks as a “ non-state , hostile intelligence agency ” in a foreshadowing of these most recent revelations .
Contrary to these assertions by Pompeo , WikiLeaks is the pinnacle of journalism not tainted by state intelligence agencies and propaganda . Their steadfast adherence to transparency leaves them unrivaled in terms of presenting honest , raw , truth . In fact , since its inception , WikiLeaks has a perfect record for presenting legitimate , verified document . State intelligence agencies loathe WikiLeaks , and denounce it as a “ non-state , hostile intelligence agency ” for one very important reason – WikiLeaks acts as a non-state intelligence agency for the people of the world , thus allowing us to see what the plutocratic oligarchy would like to keep hidden .
The journalistic work engaged in by WikiLeaks , without question , qualifies for protection under the free speech guarantees of the First Amendment .
There is a clear and present danger that the Trump administration , by prosecuting Assange and WikiLeaks , will up the ante on Obama 's war on whislteblowers , which saw more journalist prosecuted as spies under the draconian Espionage Act , than all previous presidential administrations combined .
Prior to Obama , the US Justice Department had chosen not to typically test the protections of press freedom – although there are exceptions , as the phenomena really began with the prosecution of John Kiriakou during the G.W Bush administration . These new revelations , by the Trump administration , could represent a new and extremely dangerous crack in the government 's standard policy of generally respecting reporters ' First Amendment protections .
Statements by former Obama DOJ spokesperson , Matthew Miller , expose the slippery slope in charging Assange , highlighting exactly how serious the potential repercussions could be for press freedoms in the U.S. :
“ Every time we looked at this , it 's hard to figure out how you charge Julian Assange with publishing classified information without setting the precedent that you charge reporters for doing the same thing , ” Miller says . “ If they asked Manning to give them documents , or provided Manning with tools by which to get them those documents , well , reporters use a lot of those same tools as well . ”
ACLU attorney Ben Wizner , who has defended NSA leaker Edward Snowden , went even further , explaining :
“ Never in the history of this country has a publisher been prosecuted for presenting truthful information to the public , ” Wizner , wrote in a statement to WIRED . “ Any prosecution of WikiLeaks for publishing government secrets would set a dangerous precedent that the Trump administration would surely use to target other news organizations . ”
Make no mistake that it 's a very slippery slope , and short step , to go from indicting Assange to beginning to indict reporters who dare report on classified intelligence . Furthermore , Trump has already laid the groundwork for this crackdown on a free press by labeling the media “ the enemy of the American people . ”
Freedom of the Press Foundation 's Timm was clear in their warning to all Americans :
“ We should n't doubt for a second that as soon as there 's a precedent on the books that allows [ the US government ] to prosecute publishers for publishing information they consider classified , they wo n't turn that on the Times , the Post , and other vital news institutions . I hope people realize that even if you dislike WikiLeaks in the extreme , prosecuting them is a huge threat to the work reporters do every day . ”
The fact that Trump can go from expressing their admiration for WikiLeaks on the campaign trail , to attempting to arrest and prosecute Assange is indicative of a snake oil salesperson who says whatever is necessary , and strategically convenient at the time , to achieve the sale .
Donald Trump , October 10 , 2016 : `` This just came out . WikiLeaks ! I love WikiLeaks ! '' pic.twitter.com/KWP7X2aLiN — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) April 21 , 2017
The problem for Trump is that their most ardent supporters are vehemently against the prosecution of Assange – without question , prosecuting Assange is political suicide for this administration .
This is evidenced by the sentiments expressed on social media by notable Trump supports , such as Mike Cernovich , who broke the Susan Rice unmasking story , as well as the news that McMasters wants tens of thousands of American soldiers on the ground in Syria .
Cernovich has been a lightning rod for Trump supporters on social media throughout election season and beyond , and has even garnered praise from the likes of Donald Trump , Jr .
Congrats to @ Cernovich for breaking the # SusanRice story . In a long gone time of unbiased journalism he 'd win the Pulitzer , but not today ! — Donald Trump Jr. ( @ DonaldJTrumpJr ) April 4 , 2017
So , when one of Trump 's most public supporters , who has been applauded by Donald Trump , Jr. , loudly proclaims on social media that they will be in the streets holding massive protests – the administration might want to take note .
If the prosecution of Assange comes to pass , be aware that propaganda and state controlled information , which is already a major problem , will come to be the only news available — under threat of prosecution . The censorship regime is being rolled out , with the military-intelligence industrial complex in firm control of America .
Will you stand idly by and allow the press freedom , and thus , our ability to discern what is taking place in the world , to be decimated by a security state bent on global warfare and domination ?
Please share this vitally important news story !
BERLIN The number of attacks and other criminal offences committed against refugee shelters in The number of attacks and other criminal offences committed against refugee shelters in Germany has more than doubled this year compared to 2014 , police said on Monday .
Germany expects a record-breaking number of 800,000 new arrivals this year . The unprecedented influx of foreigners has fuelled social tensions and there have been protests and attacks against asylum shelters in some parts of the country .
`` In the last few months , the crimes have reached a new level - both in quantity and quality , '' Sandra Clemens , spokesperson for the BKA Federal Criminal Police Office , told Reuters .
The number of criminal offences against asylum shelters so far this year surged to 437 from around 200 in the whole of 2014 , they said , adding that damage to property , graffiti and verbal insults made up the largest part of the offences .
The total for 2015 included 59 crimes classified as violent , a new record high after last year 's peak of 28 , Clemens said . Of this year 's figure , 26 were arson attacks .
Police have arrested 20 suspects in connection with these arson attacks , they said . As a whole , police identified 500 suspects for crimes against asylum shelters .
The majority of these suspects were men aged between 18 and 25 years who often lived in the same town where the offences were committed , Clemens noted .
The police statistics came after President Joachim Gauck warned that there are limits to how many refugees Germany can take in , showing growing concern even at the highest level over how to look after so many newcomers .
ENLARGE Bob McDonnell at the Supreme Court in April ; Hillary Clinton in Florida in July . Photo : Getty Images ( 2 ) .
By Noel J. Francisco and James M. Burnham Oct. 5 , 2016 7:16 p.m . ET 2 COMMENTS
Tim Kaine repeatedly defended Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email server during Tuesday night 's vice-presidential debate . “ The FBI did an investigation , ” they said at one point , “ and they concluded that there was no reasonable prosecutor who would take it further. ” But such a statement is credible only if it follows a real criminal investigation—that is , the sort of investigation that the FBI and the Justice Department conduct when they actually care about a case and want convictions .
We know all too well what that kind of investigation looks like , as two of the lawyers who defended a recent target : former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell . That story had a happy ending for the governor and their wife . The Supreme Court unanimously ruled in their favor this summer and all charges were dropped in September . But their victory certainly was n't due to lack of investigatory zeal on the part of the FBI and Justice Department .
Below are only a few of the heavy-handed tactics federal investigators used to build their case against the McDonnells . See how they compare to how Mrs. Clinton was treated .
Conduct ambush interviews . The first contact between law enforcement and the McDonnells was an ambush interview of the governor 's wife . The agents lied to them about the topic of the meeting , forbade Gov . McDonnell 's staff from attending , and then grilled them on their suspicions about potential public corruption . Statements from that interview later took center stage in the trial of them and their husband .
In Mrs. Clinton 's case , no ambush interviews were conducted , and witnesses were generously accommodated . The FBI and Justice Department even allowed a fact witness and potential target— Cheryl Mills , formerly the State Department 's chief of staff—to simultaneously represent Mrs. Clinton as their counsel .
Immunize only witnesses who can help deliver convictions . One person in Gov . McDonnell 's case got immunity : Jonnie Williams , the prosecution 's star witness . For their testimony , Mr. Williams earned a wealth of blanket immunity—not simply from potential bribery prosecution but also from unrelated crimes they might have committed ( including securities and tax fraud ) . Reluctant witnesses—Gov . McDonnell 's children and friends—were called before a grand jury and forced to testify .
Contrast that with Mrs. Clinton 's case . Much of their staff was immunized in exchange for simply meeting with investigators . None of them appear to have been pressed for information , or given any incentive whatsoever to spill on the boss .
Investigate and charge all potential crimes . Prosecutors in Gov . McDonnell 's case collected more than five million pages of documents and filed charges for every potential crime they could . In addition to the corruption charges , the governor and their wife were accused of lying to banks and obstructing justice . The jury acquitted the McDonnells of the former , and the trial judge ruled there was insufficient evidence of the latter . But the prosecutors pursued these charges vigorously , despite their lack of merit .
For Mrs. Clinton , there appears to have been no investigation into crimes beyond the mishandling of classified information . In particular , the FBI seems to have readily accepted Ms. Mills 's claim that they did not learn about Mrs. Clinton 's private server until after both of them had left the government . This is implausible on its face , since the two were in regular email contact while working at the State Department . It is also contradicted by a witness who administered the server , as well as by Ms. Mills 's own emails . These sorts of inconsistencies were enough to get Mrs. McDonnell , Scooter Libby—former Vice President Dick Cheney 's chief of staff—and others indicted for allegedly covering up crimes . In Mrs. Clinton 's case , they were n't even investigated .
Construe “ corruption ” broadly . Investigators of Gov . McDonnell took the most expansive possible reading of the law . They argued to the Supreme Court this spring that it was a felony for the governor to arrange meetings between a benefactor and other government officials , even without trying to sway the ultimate decision .
Yet the FBI appears to have done no investigation into how Secretary Clinton 's conduct while in office was affected by massive donations to the Clinton Foundation or large payments for speeches given by their husband , former President Bill Clinton . Journalists have unearthed extensive evidence of special treatment : The Associated Press reported that during the first half of their tenure , Mrs. Clinton had meetings or phone calls scheduled with 154 private interests ; 85 were Clinton Foundation donors , who in total had pledged or given as much as $ 156 million .
Claim that concealment proves consciousness of guilt . In Gov . McDonnell 's case , there was no evidence—none—that they ever suspected their conduct could be criminal . Prosecutors tried to show criminal intent by arguing that they “ hid ” gifts by declining to list them on annual disclosure forms . But Gov . McDonnell complied with Virginia 's disclosure requirements in virtually all respects . The law simply did not require much information to be disclosed . Further , many of their family and staff knew about the gifts . Still , prosecutors claimed that failure to tell the public sufficed to prove a guilty mind .
FBI Director James Comey said that in Mrs. Clinton 's case there was no evidence of criminal intent . Yet they set up a private email server in their basement and permanently deleted thousands of the emails it contained . A plausible motive would be shielding their activities from public scrutiny . The Comey standard—that direct evidence of knowing criminality is needed to prosecute—is certainly not the one that their agency and the Justice Department applied to Gov . McDonnell for more than three years .
To be clear , we are n't endorsing these heavy-handed tactics , many of which are befitting Inspector Javert of “ Les Misérables. ” But these are the sorts of things investigators do when they are serious about bringing criminal charges . In deciding whether the investigation into Mrs. Clinton was a real one—as opposed to a grand , expensive spectacle of law-enforcement theater—Gov . McDonnell 's treatment is instructive .
Messrs. Francisco and Burnham practice law at Jones Day in Washington , D.C .
Mahathir Mohamad launches fresh attack on scandal-hit former ally in interview with the Guardian
Malaysia 's former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad has accused their protégé and current premier Najib Razak of driving a debt-ridden state fund into the ground by using it for bribery .
Malaysia 's Mahathir : strongman turns activist to unseat former protégé Read more
In an interview with the Guardian at their office in the administrative capital Putrajaya , Mahathir said Najib had confided to them months ago that “ cash is king ” , during a terse meeting in which Mahathir told the man they once groomed for the country 's top post that they had lost their support .
“ What they are telling me is that bribery is OK . If you bribe with a few dollars , I suppose it does n't work , but if you give [ money ] to a person who has never seen a million ringgit they will turn around , ” they said , referring to the local currency .
Najib is battling for their political life after media reports said investigators had found that nearly $ 700m ( £456m ) linked to the troubled 1Malaysia Development Bhd ( 1MDB ) state fund was transferred into the prime minister 's private bank accounts .
Mahathir , who ruled Malaysia for 22 years from 1981 to 2003 , said in a one-hour interview that Najib had been struggling to fund cash handouts for support , in patronage to politicians as well as an overt programme of cash payments to low-income homes .
“ That is not the way to win support , that is bribery . When you need money , you have to find money . You do n't have all that kind of money .
“ So how do you raise money ? That is the beginning of corruption . 1MBD was created so they can borrow huge sums of money , ” they said .
“ He needs a lot of money because they dole out money by the millions according to their own supporters . That is corruption . If you want to be popular , do a good job , you will be popular . But to buy people , it 's something morally degrading . ”
Mahathir , 90 , won five consecutive elections during a period in which the country saw rapid economic growth under the dominance of a single party , the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) .
They left a mixed legacy , accused by rights groups of becoming more authoritarian when they closed newspapers and arrested opposition activists and political opponents during their time in office .
Retiring in 2003 , Mahathir remains one the most influential people in Malaysian politics .
“ We find that the money that was borrowed for 1MBD is not traceable . There are officers of 1MBD who resigned because the money was not properly used , but they can not talk because they are still government servants , ” Mahathir told the Guardian .
“ I told [ Najib ] that when you borrow the money , it is not sovereign wealth , it is borrowed money . You ca n't do it like this . ”
The former leader was seen to have handpicked their successors , Abdullah Badawi and Najib , both of whom they later turned on .
While Badawi was accused of poor economic management , Najib has received more personal vitriol from Mahathir .
“ The only thing that we can do is to have the prime minister resign or step down or be removed . Because they are the principal person who has brought about this bad image for the country , ” they said .
On their popular blog , Mahathir has alleged that politicians close to Najib who have “ documentary evidence ” of misconduct “ now gladly support him ” . During the interview with the Guardian , they said that some Malaysian bloggers are also being paid or persuaded to toe the line .
“ Those bloggers who somehow suddenly switched over to supporting him , people who used to complain , to complain a lot … What they say is quite true , ‘ cash is king ' .
“ He has a group of young people who seem to be advising him . Some of them are good but some think they can use their authority to enrich themselves . ”
Mahathir has led calls for a vote of no confidence in Najib , although opposition politicians say a successful vote is unlikely while the leader enjoys a majority in parliament .
Malaysian police are currently investigating Mahathir on potential defamation charges , but is is not clear who filed the reports or to what they relate .
The fight among Malaysia 's political elite has stunned the country of 30 million , one of the most developed economies in south-east Asia but struggling with a devalued currency .
Malaysia 's scandal-hit PM faces no-confidence vote Read more
While Najib has consistently dismissed allegations of corruption and denied buying political support , they have also cracked down on their foes . They have sacked four ministers , their attorney general and deputy prime minister . Two newspapers were closed down this summer and rights activists warn of a growing culture of fear .
The Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission ( MACC ) said the money deposited in Najib 's account was not from 1MBD but came from unidentified “ donors who originated from the Middle East ” .
The “ donation has no connection at all to 1MDB ” , the anti-graft commission said in the statement .
The prime minister 's office did not immediately respond to Guardian requests for comment .
Mahathir has called for the money to be traced , saying they doubted the cash was a donation as they had never been able to acquire funds from Arab donors during their tenure .
“ He said they got the money from the Arabs . Well , show . If it is legitimate , why are you hiding it ? Bring the Arab , we 'll find out how rich is he , what is their business before we can believe that they were given 2.6bn ringgit , US $ 700m , by a donor . How can you believe that ? ” they said .
“ I 've asked money from the Arabs for some university . I got nothing . I was prime minister . ”
Download raw source
The mobile space has exploded in the last several years , prompting the realization that service-oriented architecture is a great way to implement business logic for consumption by both web and mobile applications . While mobile devices have evolved dramatically , their increased availability to consumers has added strain on networks and service providers who are still struggling to make capacity meet demand . To keep hardware costs down , developers must now pinch bytes of bandwidth just as they did with memory back in the early days of computing .
This two-part article will guide you through the process of building an efficient PHP-based REST web service to be consumed by an Android-based application . Some of the concepts presented here are also applicable to other mobile platforms , such as iOS . I assume you already know the basics of PHP and Android development and that you have a suitable development environments set up for both . I 'll focus mainly on showing you how to handle data serialization and compression in both environments .
A Common Request
Here are the particular parts of a typical HTTP operation that we 're interested in :
The client ( e.g . the Android application ) sends an HTTP request to the REST service ( e.g . the server ) and uses request headers to indicate which data serialization and compression formats it supports . Based on the request headers , the server determines which data serialization and compression formats it has in common with the client , selects one of each , applies them to the requested data , and sends a response containing headers specifying its selections and the data back to the client . Based on the response headers , the client applies the corresponding decompression and deserialization routines to the data to restore it to its original state and can then use it for its intended purpose .
-- ADVERTISEMENT --
Let 's start at the beginning and go through each step .
Requesting Data
In order to make HTTP requests , your Android application needs permission to access the Internet . You need to declare this in your project 's AndroidManifest.xml file like so :
< ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' utf-8 '' ? > < manifest ... > < uses-permission android : name= '' android.permission.INTERNET '' / > < /manifest >
Afterwards , you need a class that actually handles making the HTTP requests and processing the responses . For this I will use the native AndroidHttpClient class which comes with a default configuration suitable for most purposes including use of a thread-safe connection manager .
The AndroidHttpClient class is only available in Android 2.2 ( API level 8 ) and above . To support older versions , look at the DefaultHttpClient class from the Apache Harmony library that Android has included since its first version .
import android.net.http.AndroidHttpClient ; import java.io.IOException ; import org.apache.http.HttpResponse ; import org.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet ; public class DataModel { protected AndroidHttpClient httpClient ; protected HttpGet httpRequest ; public DataModel ( ) { this.httpClient = AndroidHttpClient.newInstance ( `` Android `` + android.os.Build.VERSION.RELEASE // Your app name would also be an acceptable value here ) ; } public DataValueObject getData ( ) throws IOException { HttpGet httpRequest = new HttpGet ( `` http : //10.0.2.2/php-android/ '' ) ; httpRequest.addHeader ( `` Accept '' , `` application/json ; q=1 , application/x-msgpack ; q=0.9 '' ) ; httpRequest.addHeader ( `` Accept-Encoding '' , `` bzip2 , gzip , deflate '' ) ; HttpResponse httpResponse = this.httpClient.execute ( httpRequest ) ; // ... } }
When this class is instantiated , it internally creates an instance of AndroidHttpClient . When the getData ( ) method is called to request data , it creates an instance of HttpGet , populates it with request data , and uses the AndroidHttpClient instance to send it . Included in the request data are the following :
The URL of the resource being requested ( i.e . your REST endpoint ) . If you host this on the same machine hosting your Android development environment , you can access it from the emulator using the IP address 10.0.2.2 ( as in the above example ) and from a physical device plugged in via USB using the IP address 10.0.1.2 . The data serialization formats supported by the client , in this case JSON and MessagePack , and their respective quality factors , floating point numbers between 0 and 1 with higher numbers indicating a higher preference for that particular format . More information on these can be found in RFC 2616 Section 12 . The data encoding formats supported by the client , in this case bzip2 , gzip , and deflate . More information on these can be found in RFC 2616 Section 3.5 . It 's possible for the AndroidHttpClient instance to encounter issues , such as the server not being available . Its execute ( ) method can throw an IOException to indicate this , which the code calling getData ( ) can catch and handle as appropriate . We 'll come back to the rest of the getData ( ) method in a later section when we examine processing the response , but for now we need to implement use of this class in an Android activity . Implementing a Background Task Requesting and processing data in the context of a mobile application is an asynchronous operation . That is , we want the application to send the request for the data and then take some action once the response is received , such as populating the user interface with the data . By default , Android contains each individual app in its own process and thread , the latter of which is often called the UI thread because user interface operations run on it . As such , intensive operations like obtaining and processing data from a web service should be run on a separate thread so as not to block UI operations , which generally results in irritated users . To do this , we need to write a subclass of AsyncTask to encapsulate the process . import java.io.IOException ; import android.app.Activity ; import android.app.AlertDialog ; import android.app.ProgressDialog ; import android.content.DialogInterface ; import android.os.AsyncTask ; public class GetDataTask extends AsyncTask < Void , Void , DataValueObject > { ProgressDialog progressDialog ; Activity activity ; String error ; public GetDataTask ( Activity activity ) { super ( ) ; this.activity = activity ; } protected String getString ( int id ) { return this.activity.getResources ( ) .getString ( id ) ; } @ Override protected void onPreExecute ( ) { progressDialog = ProgressDialog.show ( this.activity , `` '' , getString ( R.string.loading ) , true , false ) ; } @ Override protected DataValueObject doInBackground ( Void ... params ) { DataModel dataModel = new DataModel ( ) ; DataValueObject dvo = null ; try { dvo = dataModel.getData ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { this.error = getString ( R.string.error ) ; // or e.getMessage ( ) when debugging } return dvo ; } @ Override protected void onPostExecute ( DataValueObject dvo ) { if ( dvo ! = null ) { // Do something useful with dvo here // Dismiss the progress dialog when done progressDialog.dismiss ( ) ; } else { // Dismiss the progress dialog progressDialog.dismiss ( ) ; // Display a simple error dialog to the user new AlertDialog.Builder ( this.activity ) .setMessage ( this.error ) .setNeutralButton ( getString ( R.string.ok ) , new DialogInterface.OnClickListener ( ) { public void onClick ( DialogInterface dialog , int id ) { dialog.cancel ( ) ; } } ) .create ( ) .show ( ) ; } } } As part of extending AsyncTask , this class specifies that the result of the operation will be an instance of the DataValueObject class which the getData ( ) method of the DataModel class returns . The class constructor takes as its only parameter the activity instance that 's invoking it . This is used later to access localized strings and use the activity in other context-specific tasks . The onPreExecute ( ) and onPostExecute ( ) methods will vary depending on what you want to do before and after the background operation starts . My examples above show a simple use case of displaying a progress dialog and potentially an alert dialog when an error occurs . doInBackground ( ) contains the logic that needs to run in a background thread , in this case calling getData ( ) . It returns an instance of DataValueObject or null if an error occurs . That value is then passed to onPostExecute ( ) when it 's invoked so you can do something useful with it . Executing the Background Task Now that we 've properly encapsulated the background task we want to run to fetch the data , we need to actually invoke it in an activity . Part of this will require checking that a network connection is available so that the request for data can actually get to the server . Doing this requires adding an additional permission to your AndroidManifest.xml file : < ? xml version= '' 1.0 '' encoding= '' utf-8 '' ? > < manifest ... > < uses-permission android : name= '' android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE '' / > < /manifest > An activity class that kicks off the background task when the activity is created might look like this : import android.app.Activity ; import android.content.Context ; import android.net.ConnectivityManager ; import android.net.NetworkInfo ; import android.os.Bundle ; public class MyActivity extends Activity { @ Override public void onCreate ( Bundle savedInstanceState ) { super.onCreate ( savedInstanceState ) ; if ( networkIsAvailable ( ) ) { new GetDataTask ( this ) .execute ( ) ; } else { // Display an error to the user about network unavailability } } public boolean networkIsAvailable ( ) { ConnectivityManager cm = ( ConnectivityManager ) getSystemService ( Context.CONNECTIVITY_SERVICE ) ; NetworkInfo networkInfo = cm.getActiveNetworkInfo ( ) ; return networkInfo ! = null & & networkInfo.isConnected ( ) ; } } The networkIsAvailable ( ) method simply queries the appropriate service to determine if a network connection is available . If your application has a base activity class , this may be a useful method to include in it . The onCreate ( ) activity hook uses networkIsAvailable ( ) to either execute the background task or display an appropriate error message to the user . Executing the task is simply a matter of instantiating it with a reference to the activity and calling its execute ( ) method . Next Time Part 1 of this article has focused mainly on setting up the Android application to make the request . In part 2 of this article coming up , we 'll get into the meat of handling data serialization and compression in both environments . Stay tuned ! Image via Fotolia
Ahead of the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs return to training next week the Club has confirmed its player recruitment and retention for the upcoming season , with Coach Des Hasler saying that stability and depth will be key to the squad 's premiership campaign in 2016 .
“ Finding an edge is always difficult in a competition like ours but the stability of our squad will certainly help the Bulldogs ' cause during the season ahead , ” Hasler said .
“ Our Origin and international players have been together for some time and they 've had the time to form strong combinations .
“ While we 've got plenty of depth in our squad we 've also signed some impressive young guys in Brad Abbey , Craig Garvey and Kerrod Holland who 'll keep the pressure on everyone to be at their best . ”
“ With the addition of Brad Abbey , Craig Garvey and Kerrod Holland , youngsters like Renouf To'Omaga , Reimis Smith and Jake Kamire who have been elevated from the NYC team to the NRL squad will provide even more competition over the summer . ”
Abbey , widely acknowledged as a young fullback with huge potential joins the club from the New Zealand Warriors where they have starred in their NYC teams .
“ I 'm definitely excited to join the Bulldogs , ” Brad Abbey said .
“ Des was a real big influence on my decision and having my family come over with me is a really important factor on my career . ”
Kerrod Holland joins the club from the Newcastle Knights NSW Cup winning team where they earned a reputation as one of the best young centre products in Rugby League .
“ One of the biggest decisions for me in joining the club was given the opportunity to train full-time and be able to work under Des Hasler , ” Holland said .
Meanwhile , Craig Garvey arrives at the Bulldogs from the St George Illawarra Dragons where he 's been carving out a career as hooker .
“ The move to the Bulldogs will give me a fresh start , a greater opportunity to develop my game and be closer to home , ” said Garvey .
All three players will begin pre-season training along with the complete squad over the coming weeks and for Chief Executive Raelene Castle the announcements today are a significant step forward for the2016 season .
“ For us it was about suring up the depth and making sure we have those players who are going to grow and develop over time , but also give us that depth during the tough times , ” Castle said .
Players signed
Name Position DOB Contract Signed from Brad Abbey Fullback 30/12/1996 3 years ( 2016-18 ) NZ Warriors Craig Garvey Hooker 28/4/1993 2 years ( 2016-17 ) St George Illawarra Kerrod Holland Centre/wing 25/9/1992 2 years ( 2016-17 ) Newcastle Knights
The Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs can also confirm the re-signing of Sam Perrett , Chase Stanley , Tyrone Phillips , Pat O'Hanlon and Adam Elliott .
Players retained
In Britain , in 2014 , we are compelled to debate whether people should work for free . Unpaid internships have become a pillar of the modern British class system , discriminating on the basis of wealth rather than talent . The system acts as a filter for entire professions , helping to transform them into closed shops for the uber-privileged . Not only are they exploitative , they effectively allow the children of the well-to-do to buy up positions in the upper echelons of British society . But , finally , it is possible – just possible – that this key means of rigging Britain in favour of a small elite faces its reckoning . On Tuesday , Labour shadow minister Liam Byrne will return to their old school to set out the case for dealing with this national scandal . Despite some internal resistance , Labour 's leadership are moving towards backing a four-week limit on unpaid internships .
According to the Sutton Trust , more than one in three graduate interns are working for nothing . At any given time , the charity estimates , 21,000 are working unpaid , although a 2010 estimate by the thinktank IPPR put the figure at 100,000 . For those unable to rely on the Bank of Mum and Dad , such unabashed exploitation can be completely unaffordable . Unpaid internships are often gateways to professions – like , for example , law , the media , the tragically professionalised political world – and are all too frequently located in London , one of the most expensive cities on Earth . The Sutton Trust estimates that a single person in London will have to cough up £5,556 for the privilege of undertaking an unpaid internship for six months ; in Manchester it is not much cheaper , at £4,728 .
For a generation facing a worse lot in life than their parents , this is a time of desperation . Hundreds of thousands of young people are out of work ; many others have been driven into insecure or zero-hour employment ; and around half of recent graduates are trapped in non-graduate work . Such desperation is lucrative for many employers . They know that those with the means will do whatever they can to get their foot in a door which has been slammed in the faces of so many others . After all , more than half of employers surveyed refuse to give jobs to graduates with no prior work experience .
The public has little doubt that unpaid internships are a wealth bar . According to polling by the Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission , 74 % of Britons believe that a young person in their family could not afford to take up an unpaid internship . Yes , there are many reasons why the apex of society is such a stitch-up for the pampered and privileged , but the internship filter is certainly one of them . More than half of the top 100 media professionals attended a fee-paying school , even though just 7 % of Britons overall did ; and 43 % of newspaper columnists were educated in the private sector . This is not just an unjust waste of talent , leaving aspiring journalists from more humble backgrounds unable to pursue their dream . It helps to ensure that the media reflects the opinions , prejudices and priorities of a gilded elite .
Many unpaid interns wish to remain anonymous out of a fear of damaging their careers , but their experiences are telling . Take one woman who won a month-long internship with a leading Sunday newspaper . “ Because the internship was unpaid and I 'm from Leicester , not Chelsea , I could only afford to stay for one week and got very little out of it , ” they say . They now work in press management . Freddie Foot from Bristol recently graduated with an international development degree . “ The current climate seems to imply that to get your foot in the door you have to do one of these internships , ” they say . “ The issue is that unless your parents live in London – where most of these jobs are – or you can take three months off unpaid , it is basically an impossibility . ”
When Matthew Cole moved to London , they lived in a “ makeshift DIY bedroom partition in a lounge ” in a building that should have been condemned , and worked to try to support their unpaid labour . “ However , when you are exhausted by the work you do to pay the rent and eat , it 's very hard to find the energy or time to work for free on anything , internship or otherwise . ”
Apologists for unpaid internships – proof that you can find people who will defend almost anything – sometimes mount the following defence : if the non-privileged are real go-getters , they will spend their every remaining hour slogging away in bar jobs to support themselves . What a society they condone , where those without money must work themselves half to death in order to even be considered for a job in an top profession .
These unpaid internships should be illegal – and by that , I mean under existing law . As Intern Aware , a group that has done more than anybody to fight this national scourge , point out , under employment law if you “ work set hours , do set tasks and contribute value to an organisation ” you are a worker and are entitled to a minimum wage . And yet a YouGov survey found more than eight out of 10 businesses who used unpaid interns admitted they undertook useful tasks .
HMRC , the department responsible for enforcing the law , has been “ totally ineffective ” , says Intern Aware 's Ben Lyons . So it took matters into its own hands , encouraging former unpaid interns to take their employers to court to recoup wages they should have been paid . Ex-interns from Harrods , Sony and a leading London tourist attraction are among those who were successful . Such cases serve as useful warnings , but they are no solution . “ If the primary reason you 're doing an internship is to get a reference or get a new job , you wo n't do that , ” says Lyons . “ There 's no real way under the existing law that the vast majority of internships will come forward . ”
Change may now be afoot , however . As well as a hardening of the Labour line on internships , this debate is coming to the House of Lords – with some cross-party support for reform . There are other battles that must be fought : expensive post-graduate qualifications are now often a must for many often a must for professions but too costly for many ; there 's a need for scholarships to support those from underrepresented backgrounds ; and we have to tackle the social and economic inequality that lies at the root of the gap in educational attainment .
Yet a curbing of unpaid internships would be a real blow to Britain 's entrenched class system . What an opportunity : it must not be missed .
This guy is 69 years old , but half of their face looks much , much older than that . They were a trucker and , for 28 years , their face received much more sunlight on the left side , resulting on premature aging .
We all knew that being exposed to the sun makes you age prematurely , but seeing the dramatic difference in a single face is just stunning .
Advertisement
Their condition is called unilateral dermatoheliosis , from the Greek dermis and helios , skin and sun . It 's also called photoaging , and it results from chronic exposure to the sun 's UVA and UVB rays . In their case , it only affected the left side of their face because of their work . As they drove , they received much many hours of sunlight through the left window of their vehicle .
The case was discovered and studied by Jennifer R.S . Gordon and Joaquin C. Brieva , dermatologists at Northwestern University , and published in the New England Journal of Medicine :
A 69-year-old man presented with a 25-year history of gradual , asymptomatic thickening and wrinkling of the skin on the left side of their face . The physical examination showed hyperkeratosis with accentuated ridging , multiple open comedones , and areas of nodular elastosis . Histopathological analysis showed an accumulation of elastolytic material in the dermis and the formation of milia within the vellus hair follicles . Findings were consistent with the Favre–Racouchot syndrome of photodamaged skin , known as dermatoheliosis . The patient reported that they had driven a delivery truck for 28 years . Ultraviolet A ( UVA ) rays transmit through window glass , penetrating the epidermis and upper layers of dermis . Chronic UVA exposure can result in thickening of the epidermis and stratum corneum , as well as destruction of elastic fibers . This photoaging effect of UVA is contrasted with photocarcinogenesis .
Advertisement
Since UVB and UVA can cause DNA mutations leading to skin cancer , the doctors recommended their patient to use sun protection and topical retinoids , as well as periodic monitoring for the apparition of skin cancer .
As the summer starts , this is a perfect reminder of the negative effects of excessive suntanning . If the risk of skin cancer is not enough for you , perhaps knowing that the sun will accelerate your ageing by a decade or two will stop you from being careless . Remember , if you are going to be exposed to the sun in any way—even if you are not at the beach or a swimming pool—use protection . [ NEJM ]
Ever since I experienced the first miserable bonks on the bike ( i.e. , ran out of fuel and could barely move my legs to get home ) and also saw my first unflattering test results from the Stanford Human Performance Lab in 2009 , I 've tried to figure out how to make myself bonk proof .
What if you could move your “ hitting the wall ” point from 5 hours to 80 hours of running or riding a bike – would n't that be amazing ! ? The advice I got was : you need to do plenty of training in your fat burning zone to become an efficient fat burning machine for long endurance events . I disagreed . I had done plenty of that ( relatively speaking ) and was left with NO fat burning zone anywhere .
Endurance athletes have several performance or effort limiters ( lactate , fuel , heat , muscular endurance , etc . ) and some scientists still argue whether eventual slow down is caused by our brain ( i.e. , central governor ) or some peripheral limitation , such as running out of fuel in the working muscles . Either way , for practical purposes , I 've personally found that the following measurable limiters determine most of your performance in a race :
< 2h race ( Half-marathon , Sprint & Olympic distance Triathlon ) :
Lactate/Anaerobic threshold i.e . who can go hardest until your muscles burn and breathing becomes tough
i.e . who can go hardest until your muscles burn and breathing becomes tough 2h+ race ( Marathon , Half-Ironman , Ironman ) :
Fuel limitations i.e . who bonks last
The reason for the fuel problem is quite simple : Our “ carb tank ” carries up to 2 hours worth of heavy exercise fuel , but even the leanest healthy athlete carries more than 24 hours worth of fuel in their “ fat tank ” . So the question is : how do you become a fat burner to be able to go longer and faster in a race lasting more than 2 hours ? ( Of course , in addition , you want to be energy efficient in general , and have a large cardiovascular engine to burn any fuel that might be available )
THREE TESTS : From a Sugar burner to a Fat Burner
What did Stanford human performance lab found out about me in 2009 ? I was tested using my own time-trial bike on a Computrainer with a “ gas exchange ” tube in my mouth after an over-night fast without breakfast . I had been following what I thought was the “ healthiest diet ” i.e . super low-fat and consequently super high carb diet for more than ten years and I already had 5 years of triathlon training under my belt leading into this test :
I could n't burn more than 200Cal/hr from fat after a few minutes
At the “ comfortable ” efforts of 250-300W I was burning 900-1000Cal of carbs per hour , which would mean bonking in 2-3hrs ( assuming a 2000Cal glycogen fuel tank ) even if I managed to eat some .
In short , I was a highly efficient sugar burning machine , who could ride a bike at 300 Watts without much effort , but burning all sugar , and at least theoretically hitting a wall half-way an Ironman bike ride at that effort .
For those who are n't familiar with bike “ watts ” , here are two reference points :
The very best professional triathletes typically average their Ironman races at 270-290 watts ( or 3.7 – 3.9Watts per body kg for most , but the fewer hills and corners , the less the power-to-weight matters )
At 300 watts , a cyclist with decent aerodynamics moves at ~25mph on a flat course ( calculator )
My second , comparable test ( same bike , Computrainer , testing equipment and test protocol ) is after a three month “ pretty high fat ” , “ moderate carbohydrate ” experiment , during which I replaced almost all sugar and added large quantities of nuts , oil and avocado . There was no meaningful difference in my training ; and certainly no increase in easy workouts in “ fat burning zone ” .
Now my fat burning had more than doubled to more than 400Cal/hr . The only visible change in training or lifestyle that I could point to , was my diet .
This spring , a week after winning the Wildflower Long Course triathlon amateur race , I completed my third substrate utilization test . I went into the Wildflower race 20 pounds overweight , with very limited triathlon training and also decided to cut my typical race time eating ( = all carbohydrate calories ) by a massive -60 % – which I knew was a huge risk . Yet , I won the race and my time was as close to the best professional athletes as ever ( ~8 % in overall time ) . I also felt that I could have kept running at the end . I knew that something had changed for the better to be able to produce that performance .
My third test was done with a KORR device , again using Computrainer and my own time-trial bike . I also used Powertap to double-check Computrainer 's power measures .
The results were pretty unexpected . Now my fat burning peaked at close to 750Cal/hr and fat utilization was still contributing 50 % + of the energy at 300W . I had more than tripled my fat utilization from the bottom values . I would guess that this change is part of the reason why I was able to maintain my strong effort at Wildflower triathlon , even though I cut my race-time eating by 60 % and came into the race overweight and undertrained .
BURNING FAT : So What and How ?
So what 's the significance of becoming a fat burner in endurance sports ? Like with most things in life , if you can go longer and harder , it 's usually better . My progress to a better fat burner is clear in the chart below :
I had pushed my “ hitting the wall ” moment * from 5.6hrs to almost 90hrs at a comfortable 200 watts . And now I could race a full Ironman ( 8+ hrs ) at almost 300 Watts , where as earlier I would have hit the wall just after 2 hours at that effort . To me , this is as close to bonk-proof as it gets .
* ) For these calculations I assumed that the total glycogen stores are 2000Cal to begin with and could be supplemented by 250Cal/hr by eating . You can eat more , but it is questionable whether your body oxidizes much more than 250Cal of digested carbs . Maybe ~100Cal more but it would n't change the calculations much either .
What were the exact changes in making this transformation ( as a N=1 experiment ) in the third test :
Exercise : No significant change to my knowledge . Definitely no increased volume . If something , shorter and high-intensity workouts . Diet : No sugar , no processed carbohydrates . Roughly ~15 % of total daily calories from carbohydrates in the 5-6 months leading up to the last test , most of which came from vegetables and nuts . Supplements/sports products : none during training , unless it was a more than a 3-4hrs workout ( =which for me is less than once a month ) and even then I tried to stick to real food , such as bananas , cashew nuts , etc .
I completed all < 3hour workouts with only water , without compromising my hard interval workout performance at all .
Although my N=1 experiment makes no science , I would recommend that if you want to become a bonk-proof endurance athlete , you might want to consider diet first , then adjustments to your training regime . Doubling or tripling fat burning abilities sounds like something that would take 10 years of endurance training , but I did it in months by changing diet .
—
As a final note about the test result accuracy : the substrate utilization results are quite sensitive to the equipment and preparation , since the test equipment measures small amounts of inhale and exhale gases . Therefore I tried to use the same protocol for all three tests ( over-night fast , 5 minute steps in test , etc . ) and same type of Computrainer and time trial bike . Additionally , it is also possible that once you become a good fat burner , the results are even more favorable to fat burning if the test is performed after a 1-3hour “ warmup ” ( simulating the second half of a race ) , and not just after an overnight fast .
PHOENIX ( AP ) -- Ten a thousand immigrant rights advocates marched in front of a county jail in Phoenix Saturday in a protest that was aimed at Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's immigration efforts and was marked by a clash between a small group of protesters and police officers .
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Ten a thousand immigrant rights advocates marched in front of a county jail in Phoenix Saturday in a protest that was aimed at Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's immigration efforts and was marked by a clash between a small group of protesters and police officers .
Organizers say the protest was meant to show officials in Washington that Arpaio should n't handle immigration enforcement , and that Congress and the Obama administration need to come up with a way for immigrant workers to come to the country legally .
The three-mile walk that started in a west Phoenix park ended by afternoon at the Durango Jail Complex , a collection of five jails , where officials played music , including a record by singer Linda Ronstadt , to drown out noise made by protesters . Ronstadt took part in Saturday 's protest .
Protesters chanted “ Joe must go ” as they approached the jail complex . One person carried a sign that said “ We are human ” and bore a picture of a lawman with a wolf 's face . A family of five wore T-shirts saying “ Who would Jesus deport ? ”
For their part , Arpaio said they are n't bothered by the protesters and that they should be directing their frustrations at Congress because it has the power to change America 's immigration laws .
“ They are zeroing in on the wrong guy , ” Arpaio said . “ They ought to be zeroing in on the president . ”
The demonstration was peaceful until police say protesters near the end of the procession started throwing water bottles at officers . Phoenix Police Lt. Pat Hofmann said officers used pepper spray as they tried to separate protesters from an officer who was trying to take away the bottles .
People poured water onto the faces of several protesters whose eyes were irritated by the pepper spray .
Phoenix police spokesperson Sgt . Andy Hill added that one demonstrator struck a police sergeant on the head and chest with a flagpole . And they said an officer on horseback was assaulted as their horse was mobbed , punched and pushed . They did n't say whether any officers were injured .
Phoenix police said Saturday night that five people were arrested during the protest and taken to Maricopa County Jail . Three were booked for aggravated assault on police ; another was booked for aggravated assault on police and disorderly conduct . The fifth was booked for disorderly conduct and aggravated assault on police .
Though the scene of the disturbance was cleared within minutes , the aftermath was chaotic . Protesters yelled obscenities at police officers in riot gear . One officer shook their pepper spray canister as they ordered people to keep moving . One protester wore goggles , and several others wrapped bandanas around their mouths .
Critics have accused deputies working in Arpaio 's immigration efforts of racial profiling , which the sheriff denies . They say their deputies approach people when they have probable cause to believe they had committed crimes .
Ten months ago , Arpaio learned they were under investigation by the U.S. Justice Department for alleged discrimination and unconstitutional searches . They say the investigation was prompted by their immigration efforts , although federal authorities have n't provided details .
Since early 2008 , Arpaio has run 13 immigration and crimes sweeps involving officers who flood a section of a city – in some cases heavily Latino areas – to seek out traffic violators and arrest other violators .
Arpaio 's power to make federal immigration arrests was stripped away three months ago by officials in Washington , but they continue their immigration efforts through the enforcement of two state laws .
A federal grand jury also is investigating Arpaio and their office on allegations of abusing their powers .
Story highlights Keepers `` heartbroken '' as tiger cub found dead in enclosure at London Zoo
Newborn animal believed to have drowned in pond after mother carried it outside
Three-week-old cub was first Sumatran tiger to be born at zoo in 17 years
Keepers at London Zoo are `` distraught '' after a newborn tiger cub -- the first Sumatran tiger born there for 17 years -- drowned in a pool at its enclosure .
The animal was born to five-year-old first-time-mom Melati just three weeks ago , and its arrival was greeted with huge excitement and celebration at the zoo , where experts were `` over-the-moon '' about the birth .
But on Saturday , keepers raised the alarm when they could no longer see the young tiger on cameras inside its den ; a search of the enclosure revealed the animal 's body .
It is thought Melati carried the cub out into the paddock area of the zoo 's `` Tiger Territory , '' where it fell into the pond and drowned .
`` We 're heartbroken by what 's happened , '' said London Zoo 's Malcolm Fitzpatrick .
JUST WATCHED Meet the newest resident at London Zoo Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Meet the newest resident at London Zoo 00:59
JUST WATCHED Animals weighing in at London Zoo Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Animals weighing in at London Zoo 01:31
JUST WATCHED Wanted : Female for last surviving fish Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Wanted : Female for last surviving fish 01:31
Melati is said to be a very nervous tiger who prefers routine , and experts at the zoo had opted to allow them full access to the whole enclosure fearing that any changes to their environment might cause them to injure or abandon their cub .
`` At the time we thought it was in the best interests of Melati and their cub to allow them continued access to the full enclosure as normal , '' Fitzpatrick said .
`` We did n't want to put them on edge by changing their surroundings or routines , in case they abandoned or attacked the cub . ''
London Zoo is to carry out a full review of the circumstances which led to the cub 's death .
`` We would do anything to turn back the clock , and nobody could be more upset about what 's happened than the keepers who work with the tigers every day , '' said Fitzpatrick . They are devoted to those tigers and are distraught . ''
The zoo had kept Melati 's pregnancy a secret for about 105 days before their cub was born on September 22 .
Hidden cameras were installed in their enclosure to keep watch over their throughout , and the speedy birth , which lasted just six minutes , was also caught on video .
Philip Clements , 78 , married a Romanian male model , Florin Marin , 24 , on Tuesday in a private ceremony in Ramsgate , Kent . `` I 've taken up many weddings , and I 've almost gave up hope thinking I would be part of my own , '' said the priest after tying the knot with their partner . `` I never thought it would happen at my age . I 've been a long time looking for you , Florin . And then I found you . `` Where have you been the last 78 years ? Mostly non-existent , '' they joked . The happy couple , who have a 54 year age gap , met on a dating website , but Phillip had kept their sexuality a secret from the community up until now . To make a big statement , they invited their local newspaper to the wedding show the church that LGBT+ priests should be allowed to marry . `` As a priest , I want the church to think seriously about this issue and to change its teaching and rules to allow clergy as well as lay members of the church to marry someone of the same gender if that is how they feel . `` I think a lot of clergy must be with partners , or wanting to be with them , but they are stopped from being themselves by the rules of the church . They then added : `` They mean well , they are good Christians . But they do not understand this aspect of human nature . ''
 Play Video  Play   Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0 %  0:00  Progress : 0 % 0:00 Progress : 0 % Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters  descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions  Audio Track  Fullscreen This is a modal window . Caption Settings Dialog Beginning of dialog window . Escape will cancel and close the window . Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50 % 75 % 100 % 125 % 150 % 175 % 200 % 300 % 400 % Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done
The pain Keith Edmonds has endured is written on their scarred face , giving them street cred with the abused and neglected kids he 's trying to reach .
“ There are people who wear their scars all on the inside and you pass them every day , ” Edmonds , 40 , of Mt . Juliet , Tennessee says . “ I just happen to wear my scars on the inside and the outside . ”
On Nov. 18 , 1978 , while living in Flint , Michigan , their mother 's boyfriend got angry one night when the then-14-month-old toddler would n't stop crying in their crib . They held Edmonds ' face to an electric heater , horrifically scorching 50 percent of the toddler 's face with third degree burns . Their abuser was sentenced to 10 years in prison .
Keith not long after they were burned Courtesy of Keith Edmonds
“ I spent a month in the hospital , with no one knowing if I was going to live or die , ” says Edmonds , who continued treatment at the Shriners Burn Institute in Cincinnati until they were 18 .
Keith as a child Courtesy of Keith Edmonds
Keith with mask used during their long course of burn treatments Courtesy of Keith Edmonds
As they grew older , Edmonds started down a troubled path fueled by substance abuse to cope with their emotional pain . But they had a moment of clarity on their 35th birthday on July 9 , 2012 — while on yet another drinking binge — when they say they realized , “ I wanted to be a better person . ”
Through their non-profit , the Through their non-profit , the Keith Edmonds Foundation , they work to help abused children and teens through speaking engagements and programs like Backpacks of Love for foster children and their Camp Confidence for child abuse victims .
Edmonds has been sharing their story , and helping empower abused children , for the past five years but officially started their non-profit foundation in 2016 . Elaine Spence of Old Hickory , Tennessee , heard Edmonds speak at the local civic club and was so impressed with their story , they wanted to volunteer to help them with their new foundation .
“ I can tell you this guy is the real deal , ” Spence says . “ He 's been through abuse , foster care and made something positive with their life . ”
The foundation 's work with foster children include giving them gender and age specific backpacks filled with essential items , including a nightlight , a toy , a book and a blanket to take with them to their foster care home .
“ It gets them through the first few days , ” Spence says . “ I had one foster parent say it was an icebreaker to start a conversation about what was in the bag . It serves several purposes . It lets the child know someone cares and that they are n't going into a situation with nothing . ”
Children at Camp Confidence work with vision boards Courtesy of Keith Edmonds
The summer day camp , Camp Confidence , was born from a need to give foster children a sense of worth through mentoring and being able to just be a kid . The mission is to empower children and allow survivors to pay it forward .
“ There was a moment when an adult survivor was talking about vision boards and 10 things to make life better and talked about role models , ” Edmonds says . “ A little girl asked if they could be their role model . There was such a great connection there . I was so overcome , I had to leave the room . ”
Edmonds believes in the power of mentorship and remaining a constant in the lives of these young people who have so little stability in their homes .
“ We ca n't just come into their lives for the camp and then just leave , ” Edmonds says . “ We walk alongside them to assist them in whatever they need . We are looking for a lasting impact , not just a one-time experience . ”
Rick Miller , principal of MAP Academy for at-risk high schoolers in Lebanon , Tennessee , knows how hard it is to reach these students who have built walls to protect themselves from the world around them .
“ They relate to them because they wear the scars of their abuse every day of their life and they do n't shoot them full of hot air . They immediately trust him , ” Miller says . “ He 's a natural with these kids whose lives are all about survival . Seeing them open up to them is something special because these kids are hard core . ”
Miller says it breaks their heart to see so many young people in their county who choose suicide because they can not cope with the pain in their lives .
“ I love that he 's brutally honest with them , does n't coddle them and makes a connection that no one else can , ” Miller says .
One high school girl in particular changed dramatically after talking with Edmonds and having Edmonds and their wife Kelly take them under their wing .
“ She became like a new kid . I watched their smile again and saw life coming back to her , ” Miller says . “ She had so much going against them and we might have lost them if they had n't come along with they did . ”
Edmonds knows that kind of pain . After being released from the hospital , they became a ward of the state of Michigan and went into foster care until their mother proved they had nothing to do with the abuse . The two were reunited and they stood by them during their long years of treatment that included skin grafts and surgeries to expand their damaged nostril to allow them to breath better .
They harbored most of their pain inside , but by the time they entered their 20s they were abusing drugs and alcohol while their life was spinning out of control .
“ I became self-destructive , which brings on disruption to others in your life , ” Edmonds says . “ It was a long path and I felt like I was a horrible person . I was looking in the mirror and not comfortable about who I was . ”
They changed their lives , and decided they needed to help others change their lives as well .
Last week , Zenith1988 , one of my Tumblr followers , comes to me and asked me to work with them on a freaking crazy and awesome project . At the beginning , i was n't thinking they were serious .
But they are .
They really are .
And after three days of work , i have accomplished the mission they gave me !
This commission is a gift from Zenith1988 to the wonderfull and talented .
Dear , consider this art as a celebration and a way to thank you for your work on this marvelous fanfiction that is Take a Stand . Please , keep providing beautifull stories for your fans , your followers and your friends . You have many of them , and as you can see , they are ready for all excesses to show you their inconditionnal support .
Enjoy your gift , and let 's both say a HUGE thank you to Zenith1988 for this beautifull attention !
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones speaks during a Canelo Alvarez vs. Liam `` Beefy '' Smith press conference at AT & T Stadium in Arlington , Texas , Monday , July 18 , 2016 . Alvarez and Smith will fight for the WBO Junior Middleweight World Championship on Sept. 17 at AT & T Stadium . Golden Boy Promotions and Dallas Cowboys will donate a percentage of proceeds to a charity selected by Dallas Police Department and Dallas Area Rapid Transit in memory of five police officers killed by the July 7 ambush attack . ( Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News )
In an interview with 105.3 The Fan on Tuesday , Jones said that the coaching staff lobbied to keep McClain around this offseason .
Jerry Jones said that support for Cowboys linebacker Rolando McClain remained at the start of the offseason , even as they were missing early workouts .
`` Everybody lobbied to have McClain on the team . Every coach that 's associated with the team lobbied for that , '' Jones said . `` To be fair to everybody concerned , we did n't know that they were going to get suspended . But their issues were potentially recognized , maybe not to the extent that they would lose the games that they got in this suspension . ''
`` But make no mistake about it : With all of their warts , they still considered a potential asset for the team by the coaches . ''
Jones was also asked about the effect McClain 's 10-game suspension — coming just a year after another NFL drug policy violation netted them a four-game suspension — added to their missing workouts , affects the Cowboys ' chemistry .
`` Certainly they have very much respect as to what they can bring to the team . On the other hand , the way things worked this spring , their conditioning , the way it worked as far as letting their teammates down , all of that is frustrating for everybody involved , '' Jones told the station . `` No one any more so or any less than theirs teammates . All of that 's in consideration , but as far as them being around and involved in any way impacting the team during the year , that wo n't be an issue . ''
At Monday 's news conference for the Canelo Alvarez-Liam Smith fight at AT & T Stadium , Jones explained that keeping McClain on the roster makes financial sense .
`` There are some paperwork issues that are involved that impact the team , like salary cap , '' Jerry Jones said . `` We 've made a final decision that we do n't want to pay the price on the cap . ''
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mr Obama had supportive words for PM Alexis Tsipras on the Greek economy
Barack Obama has warned of a `` rise in a crude sort of nationalism '' following the Brexit and US presidential votes .
Speaking in Greece on their final foreign trip , they said : `` We have to guard against ... tribalism built around an 'us ' or a 'them ' . ''
They said the US was painfully aware of the danger of divisions `` along lines of race or religion or ethnicity '' .
They also put the victory of Donald Trump down to `` the view of the American people to just shake things up '' .
Mr Obama was speaking after talks with Greek PM Alexis Tsipras in the capital , Athens , as part of a final tour that also takes in Germany and Peru .
Nato reassurance
They said again that they had been surprised by Mr Trump 's victory .
Mr Obama said part of the result was down to `` natural desires for change if you 've had an incumbent who 's been there for eight years '' .
`` At times of significant stress , people are going to be looking for something and they may opt for change even if they are not entirely confident what that change will bring . ''
They added : `` The lesson I draw is that we have to deal with issues like inequality , economic dislocation , people 's fears that their children will not do as well as they have . ''
Mr Obama said the UK 's vote to leave the EU and the US vote showed that people generally were now `` less certain of their national identities and place in the world '' and that had produced populist movements both on the left and the right .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Some US allies have expressed concern over Donald Trump 's commitments going forward
They said a suspicion of globalisation and elites , wrapped up in issues of religious or ethnic or cultural identity was `` a volatile mix '' .
They said : `` Now we need to satisfy the people who are fearful , angry or concerned and that 's going to be a pretty big test . ''
Mr Obama insisted their vision - where `` the future will be decided by what we have in common , rather than what leads us into conflict '' - was the right one .
They also said they were responsible for facilitating a good transition , presenting to Mr Trump their best ideas about how to move the country forward .
Mr Obama will be using the European leg of their trip to try to reassure leaders about future US commitment to its international alliances .
Analysis by James Reynolds , BBC News , Athens
For the first 30 minutes of their news conference , Mr Obama and Mr Tsipras managed to avoid talking about President-elect Trump . Given the drama of last week 's election result , that surely sets some kind of record .
But the two leaders soon faced questions about Mr Trump 's impact . Mr Obama chose their words carefully . They obey two American traditions which come together on this trip : an outgoing president is normally gracious about their successor and a president on a foreign trip does n't criticise their opponents back home .
Mr Tsipras - who themselves came to power as the leader of a populist movement - said they knew very little about Mr Trump and had n't read their book The Art of the Deal . The Greek PM then aligned themselves with the position laid out by Mr Obama since the election result - that the United States is bound by a series of commitments to Europe and Nato that will endure .
But Greece will be worried . President Obama has advocated debt relief for this country . President-elect Trump may be unlikely to do the same .
Before leaving the US , Mr Obama said President-elect Trump had `` expressed a great interest '' in maintaining the US commitment to Nato , although during the campaign the Republican had said they might abandon a guarantee of protection for fellow Nato countries .
Article 5 of the Nato treaty commits allies to come to the aid of a member state under attack . Mr Trump 's statements had alarmed the Baltic states , which fear Russian aggression .
Protest marches
Much of Mr Obama 's news conference with Mr Tsipras concerned the Greek economy .
Greece 's debt jargon explained
Greece 's third debt bailout
Mr Tsipras praised Mr Obama for their support and for pursuing an economic policy in the US that focused on quantitative easing and job creation , rather than on the austerity measures favoured in Europe .
Image copyright AP Image caption Protests against Mr Obama 's visit turned violent on Monday evening in Athens
Image copyright AFP Image caption Left-wing protesters threw petrol bombs at police officers
Greece agreed a third economic bailout package with international creditors in the middle of last year .
It was worth about €86bn ( $ 92bn ) but came with strict austerity measures . Greece says it needs a major debt restructuring programme to ease its economic malaise .
Mr Obama again signalled support for that , saying the Greek economy needed `` space to return to growth '' and that austerity could not be the only strategy .
Greek anarchist and left-wing groups later held protests in Athens `` against the representative of imperialist powers '' .
Police used tear gas to disperse some 3,000 demonstrators who had tried to break through a cordon of police vehicles .
The protesters then pulled back to the Athens Polytechnic area and threw petrol bombs at officers .
At least four people were arrested .
Police have banned public gatherings in central Athens and near the city 's international airport until after Mr Obama 's departure on Wednesday .
Another month , another report confirming that New York City is an insatiable money pit that will continue to suck you down until you actually find yourself wondering if life in Philadelphia or Denver or , I do n't know , Buffalo might be a `` better fit . ''
The latest warning comes courtesy of StreetEasy , which found that median rents across Manhattan , Brooklyn , and Queens reached an all-time high in July—rising to $ 2,980 , $ 2,453 , and $ 1,996 , respectively .
The greatest increase happened in Queens , the report found , where median asking rent shot up to $ 1,996 , a 1.3 percent increase from last July . While Manhattan 's median asking rents rose only .2 percent in that time span , rents in Upper Manhattan—the borough 's least expensive submarket—rose by 2.2 percent . Likewise , median rents in South and East Brooklyn shot up 1.8 and 1.5 percent since last July .
`` A mix of rising rents and fewer discounts or concessions from landlords shows signs of stabilization after a weaker rental market last year , ” said StreetEasy Senior Economist Grant Long , which sounds like it might be good news , but is actually just good news for landlords .
The report also noted that rental discounts and other concessions are down across the board this year . The trend is most obvious in Queens , where 40 percent of available rentals got some sort of discount last year , down to about a quarter of rentals now . Rental discounts similarly dropped from 38 to 32 percent in Brooklyn , and Manhattan 's share of discounts reached their lowest levels since August 2015 , at 36 percent .
There is some good news , however . The report found that median resale prices in Manhattan were essentially unchanged year-over-year , at $ 1.1 million . So , congrats to everyone with $ 1.1 million , and please consider us as potential house-sitters for your weekend staycation home in Tribeca .
Earlier this year a Canadian medical ethicist published a doozy of an essay claiming that the heavyweight New England Journal of Medicine was poorly vetting its authors and publishing shoddy studies .
The piece drew lots of attention for those allegations . But what went unremarked , though perhaps just as notable , is the place where they appeared : The Indian Journal of Medical Ethics ( IJME ) .
The IJME is n't on anyone 's list of most desirable places to publish . It 's not even indexed by Thomson Reuters ' Web of Science , which means it does n't have an official Impact Factor , used to rank journals . But for a relatively unknown and ostensibly local title — we had n't heard of it until a few months ago , and we have heard of an awful lot of journals — it has an impressive list of staff and contributors , and has been earning plaudits from the science community lately . Where did this mysterious journal come from ?
advertisement
Though the journal 's prominence is new , the forerunner to the IJME was actually founded more than two dozen years ago .
In the late 1980s , Amar Jesani , the journal 's current editor , and others joined the so-called Forum for Medical Ethics , an activist group pushing to reform the regulatory Maharashtra Medical Council . The Forum published the first issue of the journal — then called Medical Ethics — in August 1993 .
The journal kept a local profile until about 2013 , when it got involved in an effort to push the Indian government to more closely regulate clinical trials in that country . That led to Jesani 's appearance at a conference in Mexico , as well as involvement of the organization in the 2015 meeting of the World Association of Medical Editors , in Delhi . “ This of course led to closer interaction with many more people internationally on the issue of drug trials , data sharing , publication ethics , and so on , ” Jesani said .
Since then they 've published , both online and in print , some eye-catching papers . In August the IJME posted a lengthy and laudatory response to the Canadian medical ethicist Mark Wilson 's scathing essay on NEJM , by James Brophy , a highly cited cardiology researcher at McGill University . That same month it also published a letter from Ruth Macklin , a highly decorated emeritus professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York , who detailed their own adventures with what they perceived as editorial conflict and bias at NEJM .
Macklin has a particularly strong link to the IJME ; they have served on the journal 's editorial board and has known Jesani for 20 years . “ The journal is valuable as a forum for ethics issues no matter where the authors are based , ” they told STAT . “ It is peer-reviewed and has a rather rapid turnaround . ”
Newsletters Sign up for our Daily Recap newsletter Please enter a valid email address . Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Wilson agrees . “ I find the scholarship at the IJME of high quality . I also think as an ethics journal it offers informed debate on issues that other journals might be more hesitant to take on and address forthrightly. ” That 's why , they say , it was the first place they submitted their provocative essay .
And , importantly for an ethics journal , the IJME seems to be operating pretty ethically . It does n't charge authors a fee to publish , and its articles are available online to everyone for free ( the print edition carries a modest annual subscription fee ) . It does n't accept advertising from drug companies or medical device manufacturers , Jesani said . The staff is 1.5 full-time employees — whose salaries are paid for by donations from individuals and philanthropies — and a cadre of volunteers .
Future issues of the journal will include articles on transparency in research , public disclosure of raw data , euthanasia , palliative care , and the actions of regulators of both health care providers and the drug industry , in India and abroad .
In other words , a healthy dose of what science needs right now . We 'll certainly be among its growing audience .
This week , presidential candidate Jeb Bush was harshly criticized for saying that the solution to some of America 's economic woes could be solved if Americans worked more hours . Republican politicians in Wisconsin are trying to make this theory reality , with a proposal to allow seven-day workweeks .
Wisconsin 's GOP is trying to nix an existing law that requires employers in the manufacturing and retail sectors to give employees at least 24 hours off during each consecutive seven-day period . Currently , for an employee to skip their or their weekly day off , an employer has to get approval from the state 's Department of Workforce Development . The Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce association—a staunch advocate of the bill—suggests that the step is onerous and unnecessary , since the department has approved 733 such requests over the past five years , a number they imply means that the department is rubber-stamping the requests . Supporters also suggest that the plan ultimately helps employees who want to work more hours .
But there are many who are skeptical . “ I think it 's been portrayed as an effort to try to help workers ; it 's clearly designed to benefit employers , ” says Donald F. Kettl a professor of public policy at the University of Maryland and the former director of the Robert M. La Follette School of Public Affairs at the University of Wisconsin . “ Many people like extra hours , but the idea of being in a position where you 're asked to work seven days [ raises the question ] of how much of a choice it really is. ” In response , advocates of the bill suggest that coercion wo n't be an issue , and if it is , employees can report business owners .
But evidence of troubling labor practices that force workers into more hours , or include intimidation or fear of losing one 's job if you turn down hours , or shifts , or complain has repeatedly cropped up in recent years , especially as more employers shift their schedule-making practices and many Americans remain desperate to hold onto any employment at all . Employees , labor supporters , and unions have railed against the increased use of on-demand labor—which often means that employees trek in to work only to be told to go home since there are n't enough customers . Workers may also receive last-minute calls directing them to come in quickly or stay home from a planned shift . The short notice about changes can mean fluctuating hours , scrambling to find childcare , and turning down shifts even when you want to work . It also means volatile weekly and monthly income , and fear of employer retribution for not adhering to tenuous schedules . In theory , fear of retribution or feelings of intimidation when it comes to work schedules should n't be happening . And ideally , if employees feel that they are being treated unfairly , they can turn to legal channels for help—but doing so on your own can be a terrifying and long process , and losing a job can leave many workers unable to make ends meet . That 's where outside assistance can play a role . Earlier this year workers in unionized Macy 's stores got their employer to agree to give them more notice about their schedules . And the United Food and Commercial Workers union helped push Walmart to implement better scheduling practices as well .
Wrestling Star Vampiro I Do Not Suck ... At Saving Lives in McDonald 's
Wrestling Star Vampiro -- I Do Not Suck ... At Saving Lives in McDonald 's
Exclusive Details
Two all beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese , pickles , onions , and one man having a seizure -- that 's what wrestling star Vampiro encountered at a McDonald 's ... and they ended up saving the guy 's life .
The `` Lucha Underground '' announcer saw a man convulsing on the ground at a McDonald 's in Ontario and called 911 . While they were waiting , Vampiro says they rushed in to help the elderly man with basic first aid techniques ... then waited with them for first responders to arrive .
The man eventually came around once paramedics treated him .
Vampiro tells us he 's just happy to have been in `` the right place at the right time . ''
Charging for 'risky behaviour ' a flawed plan
Posted
Our health resources must be used wisely , but charging people for taking `` avoidable health risks '' makes no scientific , economic or logistical sense , writes Jennifer Doggett .
Terry Barnes 's proposal for people who take avoidable health risks to be penalised when they access public health services is unscientific , impractical , morally questionable and not supported by economic data .
It is unscientific because it is based on a false understanding of the relationship between risk behaviours and diseases . Research into most so-called `` lifestyle-related '' diseases has demonstrated a statistical correlation at the population level between specific behaviours and certain diseases .
This is different from identifying a direct causal relationship in individuals . Most diseases are the result of a complex , and poorly understood , interaction of a range of factors , including those over which people have no control ( such as their genetic make-up and their in-utero and early childhood environment ) .
Even smoking - one of the best documented and well-researched risk behaviours - has a widely varying impact on the health of individuals . In fact , only about 50 per cent of all smokers will die from a tobacco-related illness and just 10 per cent of all smokers will develop lung cancer . Judging the impact of smoking on any one individual 's health is mind bogglingly complex . For example , to compare the relative health risks taken by a heavy smoker who exercises regularly with a sedentary light smoker would require information way beyond that available to current medical science .
Further complicating this issue is the fact that most so-called `` risk '' behaviours can be beneficial in certain situations and/or for certain people . In fact , smoking has been shown to reduce the risk of Parkinson 's disease . Does this mean that people seeking treatment for this condition would be penalised for not smoking ? Absurd perhaps , but an example of where we can end up once we descend down this moral slippery slope .
Another logistical hurdle is the often decades-long lag time between risk behaviours and diseases . In disease terms what an individual was doing 30 years ago is generally more relevant than what they or they did yesterday . Ethical problems aside , is it really conceivable that , when presented with a 75-year-old woman with early stage osteoporosis , a hospital would have to determine whether or not they undertook regular weight-bearing exercise 30 years previously before administering treatment ?
This may be speculative but what 's certain is that this proposal would impact more upon those who are already disadvantaged in our community . Indigenous Australians , people with mental illnesses and those who are homeless and/or unemployed have much higher rates of smoking and other risk behaviours than the affluent and privileged . Imposing additional penalties and barriers on people already experiencing poorer health would increase the already wide health gap in our community .
This undermines the findings of research on the social determinants of health that has demonstrated that , independent of specific behaviours , people classed as `` low status '' in a society have a higher rate of death and disease than those classed as `` high status '' . Unless one subscribes to a morally repugnant theory that a particular class , race or culture is somehow intrinsically more reckless or irresponsible , the logical conclusion is that conditions of inequity themselves create an environment less supportive of good health .
If dying a slow and painful death from lung cancer or emphysema is not a disincentive to take up or continue smoking then a higher co-payment or delay in receiving treatment for these conditions is unlikely to be effective .
Based on this research , Barnes 's argument could in fact be used to support the reverse of their argument , i.e . the imposition of health care penalties on those who are born into conditions of relative power and affluence , due to their unfair head start in life .
In fact , international evidence shows us that if we want to increase our overall health and wellbeing we should be promoting greater - rather than less - equality within our community and minimising division . Where significant inequality exists , even the wealthiest societies , such as the US , achieve less than average health outcomes , despite spending more on health care than any other country .
Another important counter-argument to Barnes 's proposal is that it is very unlikely to work as a deterrent to undertaking risk behaviours . Research has shown that while financial incentives can encourage simple , short-term lifestyle changes , they do little or nothing to reduce risk behaviours over the long term . Intuitively , this makes sense . If dying a slow and painful death from lung cancer or emphysema is not a disincentive to take up or continue smoking then a higher co-payment or delay in receiving treatment for these conditions is unlikely to be effective .
Finally , Barnes 's proposal makes no economic sense as it is based on a false assumption that healthy people cost the system less than sick people . This may be true at any given point in time , but over the course of a lifetime , data suggests that healthy people actually end up costing our health system more . This is due to the fact that even the purest of living among us do eventually die and people with healthy lifestyles typically die at an older age and more slowly than those with unhealthy lifestyles . The man who drops dead of a heart attack at 69 will probably use much lower levels of health resources than the one who dies at 95 after years of treatment for slow-growing prostate cancer , low-grade heart disease , Type 2 diabetes and dementia .
Barnes is correct to emphasise the importance of ensuring our health resources are being used to deliver the best value to the community . However , their proposal is logistically flawed , not supported by scientific or economic data and fails to count the cost of increasing discrimination and inequality on both our health system and our community as a whole .
Jennifer Doggett is a Fellow of the Centre for Policy Development and a consultant working in the health sector for a number of professional , industry and consumer groups . View their full profile here .
Topics : health , health-policy , government-and-politics
Another week gone in our bitcoin price trading efforts and what a week it 's been . There 's not a day gone by that we have n't seen some sort of dramatic run in the bitcoin price , be that to the upside or the downside ( and primarily , it 's been to the upside ) and that 's made for a great trading experience on both sides of the market . We 've been in long on breakouts , short on closes below resistance and we also managed to squeeze in a couple of intrarange trades as price consolidated post-run .
We 're now coming to the end of the day in Europe and the US afternoon is about to get underway . It 's time to put together some key levels for the remainder of the day and – going forward – for the weekend sessions ahead .
So , with this in mind , and as we come off the back of a great week , here 's a look at where are hoping to get in and out of the markets as and when the bitcoin price moves one final time this week . As ever , take a quick look at the chart below to get an idea of what 's on and what happened with price during the session today . It 's a 1-minute candlestick chart and it 's got our key range overlaid in blue .
As the chart shows , the range we have in our crosshairs for the session this evening ( and the weekend beyond ) is defined by support to the downside at 2400 and resistance to the upside at 2425 .
We 're going to stick with our breakout strategy for now and leave intrarange on the shelf .
So , we 'll look for a close above resistance to validate an immediate upside entry towards a target of 2450 , while a close below support will get us into the market towards a downside target of 2375 .
Stop losses on both positions just the other side of the entry levels will take us out of the trades in case price reverses .
Charts courtesy of Trading View
Two years ago , Dave Kennedy , a penetration tester , social engineering expert and contributor to the website social-engineer.com , wanted to create a tool for pen testers to simulate social engineering attacks .
Slideshow : Big-Screen Con Artists : 7 Great Movies About Social Engineering
With this in mind , they built the first social-engineering toolkit , a free download on the sites companion , educational resource , social-engineer.org . The attacks built into the toolkit are designed to be targeted and focused attacks against a person or organization used during a penetration test .
Kennedy , now CSO at security systems vendor Diebold , says the popularity of the toolkit has been remarkable . It is considered by many to be the standard for companies using social-engineering-based attacks as part of their pen testing . The SET , which is added to and updated frequently , is downloaded approximately one million times after each new release , according to Kennedy .
[ http : //www.csoonline.com/article/print/www.social-engineer.org ]
Kennedy spoke with CSO about their advice for maximizing results when using the social engineering toolkit .
Learn more about social engineering tricks and tactics
4 ways criminal outsiders get inside
3 examples of 'human hacking '
Exploiting 5 security holes at the office ( includes video )
Do your research and prep work
`` As simulated adversaries for companies , as pen testers , we always to run the latest and greatest and sexiest software exploits out there . But now when I do a pen test , I do n't even run exploits anymore . The techniques that are built within the social engineering toolkit dont leverage exploits . They utilize legitimate ways that Java works , legitimate ways that email works , to attack a victim , '' said Kennedy .
But the onus is on you , said Kennedy , to do the research into the company you are pen testing , first , in order to have the best chance for success . `` Focus on learning the company you 're going after for the pen test and building the attack off of that . We like to look at how the company does business , their subsidiaries , and the path of the least resistance . A lot of times , browsing through the company website , looking through LinkedIn are valuable ways to understand the company and its structure . We 'll also pull down PDF 's , Word documents , Excel spread sheets and others from the website and extract the metadata which usually tells us which version of Adobe or Word they were using and operating system that was used . ''
Chris Hadnagy , founder of social-engineer.com , agrees .
`` Information gathering is the most important part of any engagement . I suggest spending over 50 percent of the time on information gathering , '' said Hadnagy . `` Quality information and valid names , emails , phone number makes the engagement have a higher chance of success . Sometimes during information gathering you can uncover serious security flaws without even having to test , testing then confirms them . ''
[ Social engineering goes to the movies ]
Teach , do n't scold
Kennedy said they advise pen testers using the kit prepare the company in advance that the success rate of the pen test is likely to be high . But even with some warning , that may not be welcome news to the organization . This can be a chance to teach them , rather than point out problems , said Kennedy .
`` One thing that drives me nuts in security community is the rating of users . Somehow it is supposed to be the user that understands this stuff . But for those of us in security , it is our job to teach and not to scold . When you do these kinds of engagements , it is an education opportunity , not a `` you-did-something-wrong '' opportunity . ''
Kennedy recommends letting the organization know that when a user makes a mistake and falls for a social engineering scam , this is perfectly acceptable and happens to everybody .
`` Tell them : `` This is something we learn from , and here is why it was bad , '' and point out some things they can learn from in the future , '' they said .
Also assure them the likelihood of a better score in future pen tests using the kit is likely .
`` Users will start to recognize these things with repetition , '' they said .
Embarrassing a company due to its flaws is a horrible idea , said Hadnagy .
`` Any time an audit is done the results should be used as part of employee education . This can be done without embarrassment by educating the employees first at point of failure . For example , when I do phishing for my clients , I do not just include their names in the report , but when the employee clicks they are automatically sent to an education page about phishing . ''
Hadnagy said during the mass education an employee should not be mentioned and no jokes should be made . A tool like SET allows a tester to track who clicks and who responds , this can be beneficial because in larger organizations it can point out areas of weakness and where education can be more beneficial .
Critique your approach , not just the employees
`` I think the biggest challenge for folks using the kit sometimes is understanding the concept of social engineering and how you go about attacking an organization . You really have to understand how a company ticks in order to pull off a successful social engineering attack , '' said Kennedy .
So , when once you 've completed your pen test , look back on what worked and what might not have to not only offer information that will help the organization shore up defenses -- but also to see where you yourself may have come up short on researching your company .
`` A lot of failures come as the result of pen testers who have n't done the research . The folks often just have a shock and awe mentality where they go in and just see if anything sticks . That almost always guarantees failure . ''
Read more about security in CIO 's Security Drilldown .
The Dallas Cowboys beat the Washington Redskins Thursday night in Dallas , 38 to 14 .
The matchup between the two teams is one of the most storied in the NFL and the two teams are historically popular with their rabid fan bases .
However , that fact was not on display last night when the teams gathered in Dallas . According to tweets from reporters at the game , the crowd was absolutely abysmal for the matchup .
Just look as this series of tweets from local and national reporters :
Better picture of seats open in Dallas for the opening possession tonight . pic.twitter.com/OLVkAYrM4r — Darren Rovell ( @ darrenrovell ) December 1 , 2017
Midway through the first quarter and a lot of folks are sitting this one out . pic.twitter.com/BeiMMCrT7F — michael phillips ( @ michaelpRTD ) December 1 , 2017
Either a late-arriving crowd ( 7:30 pm kickoff ) or # Dallas fans irked . AT & T Stadium @ kickoff . White seats=empty . pic.twitter.com/dPypXAbIjF — Liz Clarke ( @ lizclarketweet ) December 1 , 2017
The popularity of the NFL has taken a severe hit since dozens of players in the league participated in national anthem protests . Fans have burnt their gear and ratings have steeply declined .
If last night 's game is any indication , the NFL is in big trouble .
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Liberal Democrat politician is facing a £98,000 bill for costs after losing a court challenge claiming they failed to win a seat because of the “ Islamification ” of politics in Birmingham .
Shamsur Rehman claimed their Muslim Labour rival in the Washwood Heath ward won Birmingham City Council seat after posting a threat on Facebook that if Muslims did not vote for him , they would “ go to hell ” .
But at an election court on Thursday their claim was dismissed after a judge ruled there was no evidence that any kind of corruption took plac e .
Mr Rehman , who represented themselves at the four-day hearing , has now been left will a legal bill that could run close to £100,000 .
During the case the court heard how the Washwood Heath seat was won by Coun Ansar Ali Khan in May of this year with a thumping majority of 7,805 - the largest in Birmingham .
Mr Rehman alleged that what swung the vote was a posting on Coun Khan 's Facebook page a month before the election .
This showed Coun Khan , along with other Labour politicians , photographed with the highly influential leader of the Victoria Road Mosque in Aston , Pir Siddiqui .
A caption had been added to the photo which said : “ All Pir Sahiban and Darbars in Birmingham have ordered Mureeds to Vote Labour in elections . ”
Mr Rehman , who is themselves a Muslim , told the court that the “ clear meaning ” behind the caption was that the religious leader was urging their followers to vote Labour and if they did not , “ after they died , they would go to hell ” .
They told the judge , Timothy Straker QC who is sitting as a commissioner , that they had bought the petition to prevent the “ Islamification of the political process ” in Birmingham .
“ The Muslim community need to clean up their act and get their own house in order , ” they said .
“ That is the principle of why I am fighting this case . Unless you put a stop to this , religion will take over politics in this city . ”
The judge ruled there was no evidence Coun Khan had posted the offending Facebook caption and that “ confusion ” still surrounded exactly who did .
They dismissed Mr Rehman 's petition claiming that Coun Khan had used undue spiritual influence .
The judge also awarded costs - expected to be around £98,000 - against Mr Rehman and ordered that they make an initial payment of £40,000 towards that sum within 28 days .
Credit : Dynamite Entertainment
Credit : Dynamite Entertainment
Press Release
New York Times best-selling author , and multi Eisner-award nominee Ian Edington ( 2000 \AD. , Batman ) , and artist Cam Adams ( Fallout World ) have been tapped as the creative team to bring the world of the hit-game franchise Killer Instinct to the pages of comics for the first time ever ! Slated to launch on September 13th , the new series will provide fans of the series with epic new adventures set within the game 's stunning game-play universe !
The Shadow Lord Gargos has been defeated , but the battle to save humankind from their Astral invasion has taken a terrible toll on the Earth . Our world lies in ruin , and a sinister new power called the Coven has risen from the ashes , vying with the megacorporation Ultratech to rule the shattered nations . The heroes Kim Wu and Jago—their Astral powers weakened by their devastating war against Gargos—must band together with the scattered remnants of the Night Guard to forge a pathway into the Astral Plane . Here , in the birthplace of The Shadow Lord and The Guardians , festers the secret malevolence that threatens to destroy them all…and enslave the world forever .
Writer Ian Edington said , “ Killer Instinct has a colorful and diverse cast of characters , each with their own rich back-stories and with plenty more tales to tell . The Killer Instinct pantheon effectively comprises a superhero universe and it 's hard not to get overwhelmed with the wealth of riches there is to work with . I 've taken a dozen or so characters - Kim-Wu , Jago , Aganos , Tusk , Aganos , Kan-ra , etc , and built a story around them that 's self-contained but can spring board into other series if need be . I 've structured it to appeal to die-hard Ki fans and those coming to it cold . You wo n't need any foreknowledge of the game to enjoy it . Likewise , there will be plenty of nods and Easter eggs to the game for Killer Instinct fans . I 've had a huge amount of fun writing this series . It 's a fantastic world to be permitted to play around in . ”
Ian Edginton is a New York Times best-selling author and multiple Eisner Award nominee . They are the writer and creator of Stickleback , Helium , Kingmaker , Leviathan , Brass Sun and the renowned UK science fiction comic 2000AD . They have written for Judge Dredd , Batman , Wolverine , X-Force , Uncanny X-Men and Stormwatch as well as Aliens , Predator , Terminator , Star Trek , Star Wars , Planet of the Apes and Doctor Who . They also wrote Scarlet Traces and Scarlet Traces : The Great Game , the Eisner Award nominated sequels to HG Wells , The War of the Worlds . In addition , they have written for the video game properties Kane and Lynch , Dead Space , The Evil Within and Assassin 's Creed . They live and works in Birmingham , England .
“ Killer Instinct has always been a killer game ” , said Nick Barrucci , Dynamite 's CEO and Publisher . “ By bringing on widely celebrated writer Ian Edington , we 're confident this is going to be a killer comic book series as well ! ”
Killer Instinct is based on the popular video game franchise originally released in 1994 . The fighting game is owned and published by Microsoft Studios . The 2013 game serves as a reboot of the franchise after a 17-year long hiatus since its last title , Killer Instinct 2 , was released in 1996 .
The debut issue of Killer Instinct features a wide selection of cover variants , providing fans and retailers with the freedom of choice ! The cover artwork features the talents of Yildiray Cinar ( Teen Titans ) , Jonathan Lau ( Red Sonja ) , interior artist Cam Adams , and Udon ( Streetfighter ) , respectively . Limited variant editions in `` Black & White '' and “ Virgin ” formats are also available as retailer incentives for comic shops that support the launch issue by achieving stocking thresholds .
Killer Instinct # 1 will be solicited in Diamond Comic Distributors ' July 2017 Previews catalog , the premier source of merchandise for the comic book specialty market , and slated for release in September . Comic book fans are encouraged to reserve copies with their local comic book retailers . Killer Instinct # 1 will also be available for individual customer purchase through digital platforms courtesy of Comixology , Kindle , iBooks , Google Play , Dynamite Digital , iVerse , Madefire , and Dark Horse Digital .
HOUSTON - A woman is in custody after shots were fired outside a local TV station in southwest Houston .
Houston police say multiple shots were fired at around 9 a.m. Thursday morning at the KTRK-TV Channel 13 building at 3310 Bissonnet . At least five shots were fired from the street into a second floor office , but fortunately an employee in the office was not hurt .
Witness Katherine Koinis says they saw a silver Chevy Camaro parked on Bissonnet in front of the TV station .
`` I thought it was really strange . Sounded like a car backfired and then I just pulled around the car and by the time I pulled around the car , there was a lady standing out there with what appeared to be a cell phone . It happened in a matter of 10 seconds . I did n't think anything of it , '' Koinis said .
What they heard was gunfire . Police say there were five shots fired into the building and four into cars out front . West University Place police and Houston police stopped and arrested Michelle Monique Burks not far away .
`` Brought them back to the scene where they were identified by several witnesses . We have several witnesses stating that they were shooting into the parking lot and at several of the windows in the building , '' said Sgt . Julie Pleasant with the Houston Police Department .
Burks , 44 , was arrested and is charged with felony deadly conduct .
Police say they recovered shell casings from the parking lot and bullets from inside the building . Police say they also recovered a semi-automatic handgun from the Camaro , which was then impounded .
This day news was made not far from a TV station 's newsroom . Police say there were no injuries .
Just last month , someone fired shots at Channel 13 . That person was never caught .
Police say the descriptions of the two cars involved match , however the descriptions of the shooters are different .
Editor 's Note : We 're glad to hear our colleagues at KTRK are safe .
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In March 1974 the New York Times ran a small story in its front section headlined , “ Harvard Lecturer Buys New Republic for $ 380,000. ” The lecturer was named Martin Peretz , a well-known radical activist married to a wealthy heiress who had helped bankroll Eugene McCarthy 's 1968 presidential campaign and donated $ 25,000 to George McGovern in 1971 in the expectation that they would end the Vietnam war and “ turn the country toward social justice. ” In a joint statement with the magazine 's longtime editor and owner Gilbert A. Harrison , Peretz announced that they planned no real changes in the magazine 's staff or its ideological direction .
Two years later Harrison , as Eric Alterman has reported in their essential book Sound and Fury , arrived at the New Republic 's elegant nineteenth street townhouse to find their belongings unceremoniously dumped in the hallway . Meanwhile , the Washington Post announced that much of the New Republic 's staff , including star reporters Stanley Karnow and Walter Pincus , had resigned in protest . Pincus told Time magazine that Peretz “ is a guy on an ego trip , but they do n't know where to go. ” The magazine 's literary editor Doris Grumbach said , Peretz 's “ interests are limited to books by friends , book that friends could review , Harvard-Cambridge books and books about Jews and Israel . ”
Ultimately Peretz did indeed decide where they wanted to go : toward the right , and away from liberalism . As someone who worked at the magazine as a contributing and senior editor writing about foreign affairs in the 1990s , I myself witnessed with mounting incredulity the magazine 's steady march rightward on foreign policy , which was championed by both Peretz and literary editor Leon Wieseltier . Wieseltier gave me , a fledgling writer , a big boost by generously tapping me to pen numerous essays for their section on foreign affairs and American history . Both Peretz and Wieseltier 's intellectual sheen and refusal to bow to conventional liberal pieties during the 1970s and 1980s were worthy of admiration .
But their idealism , more often than not , ended up curdling into dogmatism . They never recognized that after the totalitarian Soviet Union collapsed the world had changed and that the use of American power abroad was not always an unalloyed good . They remained on automatic pilot . The notion that exercising it could boomerang was , well , foreign to them . They did n't want to accept or even acknowledge that we could hurt people more than we helped them . Instead , they viewed any kind of hesitation about force as tantamount to a cold and heartless foreign policy . They saw themselves as always on the side of the angels and promoted a kind of group-think at the magazine that I believe explains its disastrous endorsement of the Iraq War and that cost it many of its readers .
As I recall it , once I joined the magazine and began writing opinion and reported pieces , it seemed as though there was never a stand that was hard-line enough to satisfy Peretz and Wieseltier . The weekly Thursday meetings , where Marty and Leon egged each other in their mutual hawkishness ( not that it took all that much egging ) , started to feel oppressive . Despite its supposed penchant for contrarian stands , the magazine 's stands could in fact be predicted with a high degree of confidence . Having been practically weaned on the New Republic 's bellicosity , I myself developed a fairly hawkish disposition and published a number of pieces attacking the Clinton administration for insufficient zealousness abroad . But I always viewed the neoconservatives with some skepticism , and by 1999 my antipathy toward the idea of ballistic missile defense probably helped to ensure that I fell into a state of ungrace . It was no accident that I was replaced by my talented friend Lawrence F. Kaplan , who was then a staunch neoconservative and co-author of a book with Weekly Standard editor William Kristol that demanded a new war against Iraq . At the time , my one word of advice to them was that you could never be too far right for them .
Which is why I confess to rubbing my eyes in disbelief at some of the sentimental piffle being circulated about the magazine 's latest round of upheaval . Its youthful owner , Chris Hughes , who has seen much of the staff resign to protest their expressed hope of reinventing it as a vertical digital vehicle ( whatever that means ) , is coming under fire for having gutted a venerable liberal flagship . For example , the magazine 's old and genuinely liberal guard of Hendrik Hertzberg , Sidney Blumenthal and Sean Wilentz have written an open letter to be signed by former staffers that states : “ It is a sad irony that at this perilous moment…liberalism 's central journal should be scuttled with flagrant and frivolous abandon . The promise of American life has been dealt a lamentable blow . ”
Do n't believe a word of it . Perhaps Hughes has done a terrible thing in upending the magazine , which has announced that it is cancelling its December issue following a mass exodus of writers and editors last week . But destroying the New Republic 's liberal pedigree ? That happened a long time ago .
No doubt there have been some dissents at the revisionist history that is currently circulating about the magazine . Of the criticisms that have been directed at the notion that the New Republic is a liberal publication , the main one has been about Peretz 's intolerant and truculent attitudes toward African-Americans or Arabs . Writing in Vox , Max Fisher observes , “ In the years of Peretz 's ownership , from 1974 to 2007 and then partially until 2012 , they gave themselves the title of editor-in-chief and regular space in the magazine and on its website , which they frequently used to issue rants that were breathtaking in their overt racism. ” What this critique may overlook , however , is that Peretz 's rants were not confined to racial issues . They suffused everything that they wrote . Nowhere was this more obvious than when it came to foreign affairs , an arena where Wieseltier essentially performed in harmony with Peretz . Both men had a proclivity for personalizing disputes . And both reveled in blowing a raspberry at the regnant liberal elites in the Democratic Party .
Though Peretz and Wieseltier shared an aesthetic revulsion toward the Republican Party , they routinely promoted the most bombastic clichés emanating from it about foreign affairs . It was n't always that way , at least in Wieseltier 's case . They wrote a shrewd book called Nuclear War , Nuclear Peace in 1983 that took on the assumptions of both left and right . Wieseltier was also never quite as uncritical of Israel as Peretz . But overall , as the decades went by , they and Peretz together kept moving “ liberalism 's central journal ” further into the realm of neoconservative thinking without ever quite openly acknowledging it .
Perhaps that journey really started in the late 1980s , when the magazine at its zenith with both Michael Kinsley and Hertzberg passing the editing baton to each other . Writing in the recent 100th anniversary issue , Hertzberg noted that the uproar that ensued in 1986 when the magazine provided an “ unqualified endorsement ” to the Reagan administration 's backing of the Nicaraguan contras . This was n't a one-off episode . Instead , it was merely a pit-stop on the way to the magazine 's full-scale endorsement of foreign-policy precepts that were identified far more with the Republicans than the Democrats .
I became aware of the extent of the drift after penning a skeptical about piece missile defense . In the same issue , Wieseltier wrote a vehement editorial that credulously accepted the report of Rep. Chris Cox about the state of the Chinese military threat and demanded a defense system . There was never a threat that could n't be inflated , a military program that was too expensive , and so on . This very mindset helps explain why the magazine so lustily endorsed the Iraq War and never really came terms with it . Writing in the magazine in November 2006 , for example , Wieseltier themselves blamed the Iraqis for not having accepted the gift of the Iraq War , asking “ What have they done with their freedom ? ” and concluding , “ After we invaded Iraq , Iraq invaded itself . ”
And what about Israel , the neuralgic tender spot of the magazine ? Here Wieseltier would , more often than not , devote themselves to playing what might be called the anti-anti Israel card . Consider what they said about Peter Beinart , another former TNR luminary , whose transgression was to write an article in the New York Review of Books that expressed concern about the relationship between American Jews and Israel .
Once again Wieseltier 's language conveyed intellectual impatience with lesser mortals : “ Beinart 's pseudo-courageous article is an anthology of xenophobic quotations by Israeli hawks and anguished quotations by Israeli doves : familiar stuff. ” James Wood , Wieseltier 's former deputy , was also not exempt from criticism after they wrote a letter to the New York Times Book Review taking issue with Harold Bloom 's claims that anti-Semitism was rampant in England : “ So what if Wood 's authorities are Jews ? Can Jews not be wrong , or anti-Semitic ? Wood 's Jews are certainly anti-Zionist . ”
This past February , Wieseltier denounced their TNR colleague John Judis for publishing a book on the American recognition of Israel in a letter that was leaked to the neocon web site Washington Free Beacon . Judis ' book , Genesis , suggested that American Jews had exercised undue influence in prompting Truman to recognize Israel in 1948 . Wieseltier said this was intolerable , that Judis ' book was “ shallow , derivative , tendentious , imprecise , and sometimes risibly inaccurate—he is a tourist in this subject . Like most tourists , they see what they came to see . There is more to be said also about the utter shabbiness of discovering a Jewish identity in—and for the purpose of—criticizing the Jews : it is not only ignorant but also insulting. ” But was it really illegitimate for Judis to write about Zionism ? Anyway , do you have to be an expert to qualify to write about a topic for a general audience ?
Yet Judis was a mere sideshow for Wieseltier . They have always been after bigger game . They have constantly striven to package a crusading and militant moralism as synonymous with liberalism and American national interests . The most recent example was their endorsement of Brookings Institution fellow Robert Kagan 's article “ Superpowers Do n't Get to Retire ” as a revelatory essay , even though Andrew J. Bacevich , writing in Commonweal , correctly called it “ slickly mendacious ” for remaining silent about the Iraq War and acting as though American power can set everything that is wrong abroad aright .
When it comes to other liberal hot-button issues such as health care , the magazine has been all over the map in recent years , but hardly consistently progressive . Certainly there will be things to miss about the New Republic , including the reviews and essays in Wieseltier 's section on topics other than foreign policy . But the warrior-intellectual moralism masquerading as foreign-policy wisdom that suffused the magazine will not be one of them . It 's still unclear why Chris Hughes and their CEO , Guy Vidra , wanted Wieseltier and Editor Franklin Foer ( who , it should be said , is no neocon ) out , although the Daily Beast reported that Hughes “ came to think of their writers and editors as ‘ spoiled brats , 'and especially disliked the flamboyant , feud-prone , white-maned Wieseltier. ” Nor is it clear whether Hughes , who helped organize President Obama 's 2008 online campaign , intends to take the magazine in another ideological direction .
But as they set out on a new path the one thing Hughes surely does n't have to worry about is that he 's destroying liberalism 's last bastion .
At nearly 500 pages , the emerging Senate tax bill provides breaks for industries small and large , but one particular provision sparked a heated exchange Friday night , something Democrats called it the `` Hillsdale carveout . ''
That 's for Hillsdale College , the small school in Michigan that has a large endowment funded by the DeVos family and other wealthy conservatives .
A last-minute inclusion in the legislation , authored by Sen. Patrick J. Toomey ( R-Pa. ) , that exempts any college that does not accept federal funding from a 1.4 percent tax on investment income from university endowments .
There are a dozen or so colleges that do not accept federal funding , but Democrats believe that Hillsdale would be the only one that actually qualifies for this new tax benefit under the language proposed .
`` Would the senator answer a question about the provision '' Sen. Clair McCaskill ( D-Mo . ) asked Toomey during debate on the legislation , highlighting the college 's connection to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos . `` Do you know who the biggest donor was to the Hillsdale College endowment ? Would that be the DeVos family ? ''
`` It would be available to any college that made that choice , '' Toomey responded , defending Hillsdale for saving taxpayers `` many millions altogether '' for choosing not to accept federal funds . They said such colleges should not pay higher federal taxes on capital gains from their endowments , putting that onus on massive private university endowments such as Harvard and Yale .
Sen. Pat Toomey , R-Pa. , a member of the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , and other Republican senators gather to meet with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky. , on the GOP effort to overhaul the tax code , on Capitol Hill in Washington , Friday , Dec. 1 , 2017 . ( J. Scott Applewhite )
`` Any others that chose to [ reject federal funding ] would be able to participate , '' Toomey said .
The GOP tax reform bill helps Betsy DeVos 's school choice agenda , but worries public education advocates
However , after it became clear that Hillsdale would be the only college benefiting from the Toomey provision , Republicans added wording that gave other colleges a break from paying the new tax .
The new endowment tax , part of the House and Senate tax proposals , initially hit private colleges whose endowments are worth more than $ 250,000 per full-time student , according to a Bloomberg analysis .
`` Our understanding is this is written for one to qualify , '' Sen. Jeff Merkley ( D-Ore. ) said . `` That 's why it should n't be done at the last minute . ''
Democrats are suggesting Hillsdale , a conservative college whose alumni network includes prominent Republicans , is being given special status .
Erik Prince , DeVos ' brother and founder of the private security company Blackwater USA , sits on its board , as do former member of congress Chris Chocola ( R-Ind . ) , `` Wheel of Fortune '' host Pat Sajak and Jeffrey H. Coors , a descendant of that family 's beer brewing dynasty . Chocola took over the Club for Growth , the conservative advocacy group , after Toomey left the organization to prepare for their 2010 run for Senate .
Hillsdale 's endowment cleared more than $ 500 million earlier this year , according to the student newspaper . It had fewer than 1,500 students last year , giving it a student-to-endowment ratio of more than $ 300,000 .
That means it would have to pay the 1.4 percent tax on its investments made in the endowment every year .
Other private schools that do not take federal funds , including Grove City College , an influential conservative institution north of Pittsburgh , do not have endowments large enough to get hit by the new tax .
When the final version of the Senate bill was unveiled , aides scrambled to raise the size of endowments that would be hit by the new tax . It now requires a student-to-endowment ratio of $ 500,000 , which will exempt Hillsdale and some unknown number of other colleges . This allows Republicans to say that their new language benefits more than one institution .
Read more at PowerPost
