A 17-year-old Anchorage girl pleaded guilty Monday to criminally negligent homicide and DUI in the death of well-known Anchorage cyclist Jeff Dusenbury last summer .
`` It 's not going to bring them back , '' said Dusenbury 's wife , Melissa Holder , after the hearing .
But the guilty plea means there will be no trial , bringing their family closer to closure in the legal chapter , they said .
Dusenbury was an avid cyclist who had accumulated a broad circle of friends and colleagues through their biking and work at Food Services of America .
The married father of one was killed July 19 when Alexandra Ellis backed into them while trying to turn around and then left the scene of the accident , police said at the time . When police found them at their home , less than a half-mile from the scene of the accident , they had a blood alcohol content above the legal limit . Ellis was charged as an adult with manslaughter and other crimes .
In Anchorage Superior Court on Monday , Ellis appeared with their attorney William Ingaldson , who asked that their case be waived into juvenile court . Prosecutor Clint Campion did n't agree , and that matter was not resolved during the hearing .
Ellis pleaded guilty to criminally negligent homicide , a class B felony , reduced from the manslaughter charge . A felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident without assisting an injured person was dismissed as part of the plea agreement .
Alexandra Ellis could face a maximum of 10 years on the criminally negligent homicide charge , though attorneys on both sides said in court they had agreed to a sentence of three years with two suspended .
Superior Court Judge Michael Wolverton will make a final sentencing determination in August .
Ellis spoke little in court Monday , answering the judge 's questions with `` yes '' and `` no . ''
Ellis ' mother wrapped an arm around them as they walked out of the fifth-floor courtroom to the elevator bank . Ellis is currently under supervision of a third-party custodian .
`` It 's nice to see them take responsibility for their actions , '' said Peter Van Tyne , a Dusenbury family friend who attended the hearing .
A memorial ride for Dusenbury is in the works for this summer .
Holder said they hope for a productive life for Ellis , who will turn 18 next week .
Maybe , they said , she 'll do something like speak to teenagers about the power and responsibility that comes with driving a car .
Molson Coors
Do you ever have those days when you just ca n't decide between an iced tea and a beer , and you think , If only I could combine them ?
No ? Seriously , you do n't ? Well , that 's not going to stop Molson Coors from launching Coors Light Iced T. The beer giant announced Tuesday it will roll out the new product in Canada next month , followed by a likely debut in the U.S . The iced-tea-flavored brew will contain 4 % alcohol and no caffeine , the Wall Street Journal reports .
( MORE : Cupcake-Flavored Vodka : Delicious or Disastrous ? )
Molson Coors and other brewing behemoths like Anheuser-Busch have been experimenting with different flavors and creative product offerings to combat rapidly decreasing sales in the U.S and dwindling sales in Canada . Liquor companies , on the other hand , have seen boosts in U.S. sales as they 've marketed new flavored products , like Smirnoff Fluffed Marshmallow Flavored Vodka . Smaller craft brewers have also been moving in on the bigger companies ' territory , offering novelty flavors and varieties that more consumers seem willing — and eager — to try .
The company said it hopes the new product will put less reliance on cost-cutting and entice people who 've become more partial to wine and cocktails . Along that vein , Molson Coors will also launch Carling Zest , a limited-edition brew with citrus flavors .
More and more major companies are expected to launch similar products to keep up with the trend and boost revenue , the Journal reports . Sure , the beer market is struggling , and this might help , but we can already feel the contempt of beer purists brewing .
MORE : In Vermont : Making Beer the Old-Fashioned Way
io9 Reviews Reviews and critical analyses of fan-favorite movies , TV shows , comics , books , and more .
Sometimes the best genre films are found in the most unexpected places , like in a story of kids who are orphaned as the result of violent gang wars in the slums of Mexico . That 's the setting for Issa Lopez 's Tigers Are Not Afraid , a jaw-dropping film that blends reality and the supernatural in an absolutely beautiful way . It feels like a spiritual sequel to Guillermo del Toro 's The Devil 's Backbone or Pan 's Labyrinth , except with a more modern , realistic setting .
[ Click here to see io9 's statement on this year 's Fantastic Fest . ]
Estrella is a young girl whose mother mysteriously goes missing . With nowhere else to turn , they attempt to find companionship , and food , with a group of boys who have also lost their families . The boys live on a roof , steal to survive , and find solace in each other . That 's the horrible , real-world setting of Lopez 's film . A world where gangsters rule with their trigger fingers and trade not only in drugs , but in human beings too . A world where moms , dads , brothers , and sisters can just disappear at any moment , leaving the survivors to fend for themselves .
Advertisement
To deal with this horrible reality , most of the kids latch on to fantasy . They regularly tell fairy tales to one another—stories about princes , fairies , and especially about tigers . Tigers who fight , survive on their own , and are never afraid of the situation . This goes one step further for Estrella , who seems to have some kind of connection to another world , in that they see ghosts , mysterious lines of blood on the floor , and other supernatural things . However , Lopez never lets us in on whether these visions are real or in Estrella 's mind . The natural setting leans towards the latter—that she 's just putting a horrific face on a horrific situation , but we do n't know for sure .
As Estrella and their new , young friends strive to survive , they get increasingly tangled in a large , corrupt political web that they 'll have to face head-on in order to move on . The whole thing feels painfully believable , thanks in large part to the stunning performances of each of the young child actors . The characters are strong and real in ways that make you wish nothing but the best for them , so seeing them in these situations is very difficult . But they 're tigers , and they do their best .
Even without its supernatural elements , Tigers Are Not Afraid would have worked perfectly . The survival story of these kids is powerful by itself . But when those elements are added in , it makes everything resonate so much more . It either takes us on a journey through a child 's imagination and explains how one could justify such a brutal world , or shows a whole other world entirely . Either way , a brilliant new new level of drama and emotion gets layered onto the story . It 's a beautiful mixture and an even better film .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has landed in Sydney to begin a brief visit for meetings focusing on trade , security , and the implications of the impending Trump US presidency .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has described Saturday 's planned discussions as `` a very important agenda , '' and says the two countries have great relations and collaboration .
Mr Abe arrived with wife Akie on Friday night , joined by a delegation of leaders from Japanese banks , resources firms and education institutions .
On Saturday , Mr Turnbull and Mr Abe are expected to meet and talk about the effects of a Donald Trump presidency on the Asia-Pacific , the Trans-Pacific Partnership , the nuclear threat from North Korea and rising regional tensions around activity in the South China Sea .
The two countries are also due to sign a revised acquisition and cross-servicing deal , under which the Australian defence force will be able to supply ammunition to the Japanese military for the first time .
Mr Abe last visited Australia in July 2014 .
This weekend 's trip comes after Japan lost out to a French ship builder for the lucrative contract to construct Australia 's new fleet of submarines .
Mr Abe and their wife are due to depart on Sunday to continue their six-day diplomatic tour through the Philippines , Indonesia and Vietnam .
2500 blocks of E. 3rd Street
Directions To | Directions From 35.037424 , -85.262703
A domestic dispute led to Chattanooga 's 10th shooting in four days , according to police .
Diaz Darden , 22 , was shot in the hand at a home on E. 3rd Street around 11:45 p.m. Tuesday when they opened the back door after they heard a noise in the backyard .
Darden was with a woman and their son , and the woman told police that their ex-boyfriend , Averoyan Sandridge , 27 , had been fighting with them for several days . They broke the glass out of their front door a few days before the shooting and then texted them to say he 'd fix it , according to an affidavit .
The woman also showed police text messages that Sandridge sent them in which they asked why another man was staying in their house , and their phone records showed that Sandridge called them just moments after the shooting on Tuesday .
The woman also told police that their son was standing in the kitchen , in the path of the bullet , and would have been hit if the bullet had missed Darden 's hand .
Police found Sandridge hiding inside their grandparent 's house on Ivy Street and arrested the 27-year-old . They had bleach all over their hands , according to police , and seemed sweaty and out-of-breath when they were discovered .
Sandridge is charged with attempted first-degree murder , aggravated assault , two counts of aggravated domestic assault and reckless endangerment . Their bond has not yet been set .
The shooting was the 10th in Chattanooga in four days , as a spate of gang violence has resulted in at least six shootings , including the killing of a 17-year-old man and the wounding of two pregnant women .
Police are pouring resources into the most violent areas to try to stem the pace of the shootings .
This is a developing story and will be updated as more information becomes available .
by
In a series of blogpost I will show you a couple of sites which publish complete nonsense , fake news on MH17 .
We start this serie with 21stcentrurywire.com
The founder of the website is a guy called Patrick Henningsen . Their Twitter bio reads “ Independent Journalist covering news & analysis you wo n't find on CNN , BBC et all – for those who no longer buy the lies of Mainstream Media ”
In this post we will soon find out why the work of Henningsen is not found at CNN , BBC . Simply because they write fake news !
A Google search on their name reveals how ‘ independant ' mister Henningsen realy his . The first hit leads us to Russian RT , the Kremlin backed newsagency which is , well , biased . We read “ He has appeared on RT news and has also written for the Guardian.co.uk , GlobalResearch.ca , and Infowars.com ”
Okay . RT , Globalresearch , infowars are not the first websites I would go to for some ‘ independant views ' . A 10 seconds look at their articles written for RT makes even for a blind person clear that Henningsen anti-US opinion is far from ‘ independant ' .
So lets dive a bit deeper in the independance of this mister Henningsen . At September 26 , 2017 they Tweet-ed .
“ Exactly , the flight path data is there – so why was plane Diverted by Kiev ATC over active war zone ? This is not going well for you either . ”
Oh boy , that does not look all to independant either . The Dutch Safety Board final report clearly shows that MH17 made a slide deviation from the planed route to avoid weather . This was not requested by Ukraine ATC . In fact , just before MH17 was shot down , Rostov ATC ( Russia ) by phone requested the Ukraine ATC for a deviation of flightplan due to traffic .
Now to the website of Henningsen . Just a few days after the shot down , Henningsen published an article titled ‘ MH17 Verdict : Real Evidence Points to US-Kiev Cover-up of Failed False Flag ' . Not a title which looks to have been written by an independant journalist .
I will not go into all the factual incorrect statements in this article . The article suggest that MH17 took a different route over Ukraine than the previously ten days . This is false . See my blog here .
The latest piece on MH17 published at the website of Mr Independant Journalist is titled ‘ Netherlands Cover-up ? A New Twist in the MH17 Investigation ‘ and was published at September 25,2017 . Lets just analyse some sentences in this article .
The article is a copy of a longer piece published at orientalreview.org which is a translation of a piece written by Dmitry Sedov published end of August here .
The Sedov article copied by Mr Henningsen makes a first mistake in the 3rd sentence . They write : “ Over three years later , the two countries meant to be leading a ‘ neutral ' international investigation , the Netherlands and UK , have repeatedly sidelined important information about the incident . ”
Wrong ! The UK is not at all involved in the criminal investigation into the downing of MH17 . The Joint Investigation Team ( JIT ) members are Malaysia , Ukraine , the Netherlands , Australia and Belgium .
Sedov , clearly not an expert , confused UK with being the country which analysed the Flight Data Recorder and Voice Data Recorder ( aka black boxes ) .
Then Sedov mentions some of their previous blogpostings on MH17 . I might spend some time on that later , for now we continue with the September blogpost . Sedov continues by writing this :
“ It seems that Russia has handed Dutch investigators important evidence of primary radar data which covers the flight zone at the exact time of the incident .
Indeed Russia handed over radar data . Only the requested , common format for air crash investigation ASTERIX , was only handed over in August 2017 . THREE years after the shot down . Russia handed over to the Dutch Safety Board in 2014 only a recording of the screen which was seen by the air traffic controller . This screen filters out small objects like a missile . Russia stated it deleted the raw primary radar recordings .
Later , just a few days before the JIT pressconference in September 2016 , Russia handed over the primary radar recordings which as a miracle were recovered from some harddisks . Only this was in an uncommon format without manuals in English explaining how to use the software .
Then Sedov continues :
“ Incredibly , the Dutch have decided to it file away and out of sight , not to be included in their final investigation .
File away and out of sight ? That is nonsense . In May 2017 the Dutch prosecutor released information on the progress on that Russia supplied radar including some screenshots .
For an ‘ independant journalist ' mister Sedov seems to have been a bit eager to copy a Russian propaganda piece without checking facts first . Just a guilty as the author .
We continue our analysis of this article .
The reason for this is because this Russian data demonstrates that an anti-aircraft battery fired from inside Ukrainian army-held territory in eastern Ukraine . A inconvenient truth ? ”
Sorry ? The radar data demonstrates the missile was shot from Ukrainian army-held territory in eastern Ukraine ? ? Even the Russian Ministry of Defense did not state this in the press conference in September 2016 . Russia stated the radar images does not show a missile fired from an area south of Snizhne . And technical limiations of radar prevented the recording of a missile fired from inside Ukrainian army-held territory .
A few lines further more nonsense :
“ However , the Dutch investigators , despite being armed with the latest in modern technology as well as the assistance of their British colleagues , were not able to decode the recordings , and in the end they asked Russian experts to do it . In three years this has been the only time they have asked to collaborate . Never before had the commission accepted any Russian offers of assistance . ”
Not able to decode ? So what are these screenshots then ? Mr Henningsen in all their attempts to be ‘ independant ' forgets to add that Russia only after several requests handed over the radar data in ASTERIX format , over three years later . ASTERIX allows checking the integrity of the radar data .
In the end they asked Russian experts to do it .
Another lie . While Russia offered the Dutch prosecutor to help to analyse the radar data , it was never made public if Russia indeed helped .
The nonsense does not stop here .
The decoded recordings clearly showed that the missile had been fired from the zone controlled by the Ukrainian military . And this is not some fabricated story concocted by journalists , but documented , technical information .
Another lie . At the Russian MoD pressconference never radarrecordings were shown conforming the statement of the independant journalist .
The last paragraph of this rubbish piece is about a Dutch professor named Kees van der Pijl . The MH17 truthers seem to have been ordered to mention van der Pijl in their fake news blogs . It again shows the weakness of the pro Russian fanboys as Kees van der Pijl tell the same nonsense which is easily debunked . Van der Pijl recently delivered a presentation . Part of the presentation was on MH17 . My blog about the presentation here .
by
ONE of Ireland 's largest accountancy firms last night launched an internal investigation after male staff were found circulating emails where they rated the looks of their female colleagues .
ONE of Ireland 's largest accountancy firms last night launched an internal investigation after male staff were found circulating emails where they rated the looks of their female colleagues .
PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PWC ) started the probe after pictures of young women , who had just recently joined the firm , were sent around and nominated for a `` Top 10 '' .
The emails were circulated between a group of up to 17 male staff members within PWC before being forwarded to other businesses as the emails went `` viral '' , spreading across the internet .
The 13 women , whose pictures were accompanied by their names and departments , all recently joined the accountancy firm as trainee accountants or `` associates '' and are expected to train with the company for the next three years .
The offending emails were traced and are being examined by senior management at PWC , sources confirmed .
The initial email sent around by the group of men had a subject line of `` this would be my shortlist for the top 10 '' .
A subsequent comment in the forwarded email says : `` Great work ... have reservations about the last one getting in . ''
In one message , a highly derogatory female description is used about the `` new '' intake .
Signature
One of the men who forwarded on the pictures asked for their email signature be removed if it was forwarded again .
Last night , the accountancy firm -- which employs 2,000 people in Ireland -- launched an investigation into the matter after they were informed of the emails by the Irish Independent .
The emails have been forwarded to finance companies , accountants , law firms , technology firms , state bodies and construction firms around Ireland since they were first written at the end of October .
`` We are taking this matter extremely seriously and are launching a full investigation . We will take all necessary steps and actions in line with our firm 's polices and procedures , '' PWC 's human resources partner Carmel O'Connor said last night .
A number of the women whose pictures were circulated have recently graduated from prominent universities .
Graduate trainees at the firm typically stay for between three and three-and-a-half years where they work as accountants .
Ms O'Connor said the men who had been involved in the circulation of the emails had not yet been contacted about the matter .
They declined to comment on what the ultimate sanction would be as a result of the investigation .
UK-based PWC is the second largest accountancy firm in the world and one of the so-called `` Big Four '' which provide services to most large companies .
The company previously acted as auditor for Anglo Irish Bank and a team from the company was sent to Allied Irish Banks recently by the National Treasury Management Agency .
PWC is no stranger to controversy overseas . The company paid millions to former partner Christina Rich in Australia two years ago following a long-running dispute over claims they had been exposed to sexual harassment and sex discrimination .
The company 's website lists a code of conduct for the firm which includes `` behaving professionally '' and `` respecting others '' .
Irish Independent
Do you remember the young Rafa Benítez coming over to see you in Italy to learn your working methods ?
We met up a short while ago , they reminded of that and I have to say that I do n't actually remember it . You have to bear in mind that during that time , both at AC Milan and with the national team , a lot of coaches would come over , practically all of them : Klopp , Wenger , Luis Fernández ...
Is Benítez 's style a radical departure from yours ?
Everything changes with time . Football is n't static . To not move with the times is backward-thinking . I 'm fascinated by their capacity for work . They usually give their teams a clear identity ...
Do you think handled their time with Inter and Napoli well ?
It was quite complicated for them at Inter . That was a team which had won everything under Mourinho . They arrived at a very unusual moment . After that , with Napoli , they did n't have it easy either because it 's a city which does n't have a winning mentality . Napoli have never won anything really important . Maradona , the best player I have ever seen on a football pitch , did n't win the European Cup there - they did n't even get to the quarter finals . Working in that kind of atmosphere is difficult . But for me , Rafa 's teams always play positive football .
What do you mean by ‘ positive football ' ?
Pretty football , successful football . They had success with sides who were n't enjoying much success before they arrived and there is a lot of merit in that .
Are they a crazy workaholic just like you once were ?
Working hard does n't mean you are crazy ! It 's about being methodical . Someone who works very hard is someone who gets up at four in the morning to open the bakery , or who is out on the fields until 10 at night or in a factory . I do n't think our job is quite as demanding ...
Did you watch Madrid 's games against Sporting and Betis ?
Just the Betis game . They played well , very well . Listen , Madrid has a lot of good players . The difficult part is making them play together , making the team function as one . That 's their problem .
Of course ...
The other day I was reading an article in La Gazzetta dello Sport which highlighted that since 2009 until now , Barcelona , Atlético and Sevilla have all won more trophies than Real Madrid .
Why do you think that has happened ?
Ah ! I do n't know . Because Madrid have very good players , there 's no arguing about that . I think that Florentino brings the best players to the club , the most famous players . But later on , they do n't win so many trophies .
There 's no explanation for that ?
A side like Barcelona have a very different trajectory to Madrid 's . With Guardiola , eight players out of the 11 in the side came from the youth academy ; they knew the style of play , the brand of football they were expected to play ... I say that the way a team plays is something abstract but they have acquired that concept since they were kids .
They manage to consoidate a specific style ...
All of the teams in their youth academy adhere to their system and later , some of those players will be in the first team . They have placed the style of play at the forefront of their project . I 'm not saying that Florentino 's got it all wrong because they do sign the world 's best players , which is what the fans as for .
Does Benítez 's Madrid play in the same way as a typical Ancelotti side ?
To coach Real Madrid you need a great capacity to adapt , to be a chameleon because Madrid 's coaches tend to have players who do not always compliment each other . Ancelotti is a master under such circumstances . I think that a coach like Guardiola may not be very comfortable at Madrid – I stress may not . It 's difficult to coordinate the players who are at Real Madrid – not just on a human level or in terms of their character , but in terms of how the team plays . When I was there ( as Technical Secretary ) , the psychological aspect with the players was very important .
Has Benítez made many changes to Madrid 's game ?
I ca n't really say after having watched just one game . The system is n't the importrant part – it 's the style of play . You can field a 4-3-3 or a 4-2-3-1 but the key is in how the team plays , in the harmony within the side . Why have Sevilla won more trophies that Madrid since Florentino 's return ?
Because there is more harmony to their game !
I do n't know ... If Florentino has signed the best players there are , what 's lacking ? In my book , I wrote that among the most important things in football is the club itself . Madrid have got that because it 's the biggest club . Then , strategy - the need to achieve a dream . That also exists at Madrid . Thirdly , there are the objectives to reach and the players you have signed to undertake the style of play which the coach has in their mind ...
I always envisage a coach as a film director or the conductor of an orchestra . The actors are the most important part .
Do you think Florentino listens to theirs coaches ?
Communication is very important . I would n't say that ...
Did Ancelotti 's departure from Madrid surprise you ?
No , because I spoke to Florentino before the Juve tie and found out that they were not totally satisfied .
Why Florentino sees eye to eye with Ancelotti ?
You 'd have to ask them that . But I think Benítez is also an ideal coach for Madrid , who have had many good coaches recently . All of them have been different to each other , but the same in terms of quality .
What do you make of Kovačić ?
( Laughs ) . The same as I do of the others . They 're all the same . He 's a very good player , just like Isco , James , Modrić ... He 's a good kid and I wish them the best . But Madrid have a lot of players who are very similar to each other .
How do you see the future for Madrid ?
The real shame is that , at any given moment , only one team can be at the top . Madrid got to the top with Butragueño and the ‘ Quinta del Buitre ' then they found themselves up against AC Milan and lost the chance to be the best . Right now , they are up against Barcelona ... But look , both that Milan side and the current Barcelona side have placed the team 's game as their priority ; their style of play comes first .
It 's all about harmony once again !
That 's it . When I took over at Milan , none of the 11 first choice players were in the list for the Ballon d'Or . Under me , Van Basten , Gullit , Baresi , Maldini , Rijkaard got into the list ...
A few links covering developments across Japan and the Korean peninsula before the weekend :
38 North 's satellite imagery expert and North Korea watcher Nick Hansen has a new report out that purportedly identifies facilities to manufacture reactor fuel at the Yongbyon nuclear complex . Head on over to read the full report which includes snippets of satellite images substantiating the claims . The report claims that “ satellite imagery has identified facilities at the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center that may produce fuel for North Korea 's recently restarted 5 MW plutonium production reactor and the Experimental Light Water Reactor ( ELWR ) still under construction. ” Hansen 's report comes on the heels of a previous examination of the state of missile launch facilities at the Tonghae launch site ( also known as a Musudan-ri ) . These signs taken together confirm that Kim Jong-un shows no signs of giving up or slowing down North Korea 's nuclear weapons program .
Japan and the United States resolved a major issue today when Okinawa 's newly elected governor Hirokazu Nakaima gave their approval to move a controversial U.S. Marine base to a new location , away from major population centers . According to the New York Times , the United States is amenable to the new arrangement , with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel noting “ that the realignment ‘ will reduce our footprint in the most populated part of Okinawa , ' even as it allows for ‘ sustaining U.S. military capabilities vital to the peace and security of the region . ' ”
Erstwhile NBA Star and now a sort of U.S. unofficial special representative to North Korea , Dennis Rodman , did not meet Kim Jong-un during their latest visit to the Hermit Kingdom . They do expect to return for Kim 's birthday celebrations .
Kim Jong-un may have demonstrated the extent of their power consolidation by executing their uncle , but an ancillary objective was to elevate their personality cult to the level enjoyed by their father and grandfather . In a sign that they may have succeeded , DailyNK cites reports that following Jang 's execution regular North Korea civilians have taken to writing “ letters of devotion ” to Kim . Additionally , a report by DailyNK cites a regime press conference with re-defectors ( a rare genre of North Korean who defected to South Korea and back ) who praise Kim and the regime . One re-defector notes : “ I was treated as subhuman from the moment I arrived in South Chosun . [ South Korea ] is a heartless society . ”
Bitcoin watchers should note that South Korea 's central bank issued a cautionary signal that it might not accept the currency as a valid means of exchange in the long-term . Yonhap covers the BOK report , noting that “ While Bitcoin is seen as having merits in terms of efficiency and convenience in payment and settlement , it is very unclear that it could develop into a formal tool of payment , the report said , adding the government needs to draw up regulations on Bitcoin as transactions of the money can be exposed to risks of hacking attacks and money laundering . ”
Neighborhood News
Ocean Beach Willie 's Shoe Shine must move Longtime O.B . business person given until Wednesday
Willie
For over 30 years , Willie 's Shoe Shine has been on the southwest corner of Cable Street and Newport Avenue in Ocean Beach . Now their shack being replaced by a coffee cart .
Willie is being forced to remove the shoeshine shack and work out of a toolshed on the lot . They can remain on the lot , but their small building has to go by Wednesday of this week because it 's an unpermitted structure . It took the city about 30 years to enforce the code violation , an action that apparently came at the request of the new owners of the lot .
googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.display ( 'ad-unit-story-inline-1 ' ) ; } ) ;
Several months ago , Ronson `` Ronnie ” Shamoun took over the lease of the property . Shamoun and their family own several businesses in O.B. , including the O.B . Quik Stop on Voltaire and the Newport Quik Stop . Willie was moved to another area on the lot to make room for a drive-thru coffee cart and additional parking . The trees were chopped down , and the community bulletin board was removed .
The city 's Code Enforcement department has ordered that the structure be removed by Wednesday of this week ( November 23 ) , the day before Thanksgiving . If it stays , Shamoun could face hefty fines . The owners of Mallory 's Furniture — also tenants on the property — are allowing them to work out of their store , and the community has rallied to preserve Willie 's way of life .
Though wired for electricity , the shack is n't hooked up and has no running water , which is why it 's in violation of city code . If enough money is raised , Willie might consider bringing it up to code and reopening at another location ; for now the urgency is finding somewhere to store it until they sell it or finds new location .
Within hours of the announcement on Facebook that Willie had to “ sell the structure , ” concerns were raised about the 78-year-old and how they would support themselves if pushed out of business . A Go Fund Me page was started and has raised over $ 1500 in less than 24 hours .
An effort to relocate and save the structure is also underway . According to a Facebook summary compiled by Kevin Hastings , the community is hoping to find a purchaser for the shed or somewhere to store it until a new location can be found . ( As this article went to publication , someone had offered to store it . ) If interested , contact Willie directly . The shack is a little over eight feet square with a small overhang all around . It was built in about 1996 and sits on a raised wooden frame with small wheels .
Creeping camera capsule
Designed to creep along inside a patient 's digestive tract using springy `` legs '' , the robot carries a camera and could provide an alternative to traditional endoscopy .
The robot could be used to examine the inside of the gullet , stomach and duodenum for damage or ulcers , and was developed in the CRIM Lab at the Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna , Pisa , Italy .
( Image : Royal College of Surgeons / Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna )
Swimming camera capsule
Driven by tiny propellors , this camera capsule is also designed to explore the human digestive system .
After being taken by mouth , it would `` swim '' to inspect the area of interest .
( Image : The Royal College of Surgeons / Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna )
Distant diagnosis
A doctor consults with a nurse , via the RP-7 remote presence robot .
As well as having a camera and screen that let the patient and a distant doctor see one another , the robot connects to stethoscopes , otoscopes and ultrasound scanners .
This allows the remote physician as close to a real experience as possible .
( Image : InTouch Technologies ) Advertisement
Muscle machine
RI-MAN is a prototype hospital porter developed at the RIKEN Bio-Mimetic Control Research Center in Nagoya , Japan .
As well as a soft , safe exterior , RI-MAN has touch sensors on its arms and torso to allow it to carefully lift and carry people .
In the long term , it is intended to take over the tasks human carers do for the elderly or infirm .
( Image : RIKEN Bio-Mimetic Control Research Center )
Robot cameraman
FreeHand allows surgeons to control , using movements of their head and feet , the laparoscopic camera used during minimally invasive surgery ( `` keyhole surgery '' ) .
This means they can reserve their hands for actually performing the procedure .
( Image : Prosurgics Ltd )
Prostate robot
Probot is designed to let surgeons accurately resection enlarged prostates , with minimal effort .
The surgeon specifies the volume to be excised , and the robot automatically cuts it out without further intervention .
( Image : Royal College of Surgeons / Imperial College London )
A robot you can swallow
The ARES robots – for Assembling Reconfigurable Endoluminal Surgical System – can be swallowed or inserted through natural orifices in pieces . They then assemble themselves inside the body .
The intention is to allow surgery with few , or no , external incisions .
A patient will swallow up to 15 different robotic modules that can travel to the affected site inside the body .
Once there , the component robots reassemble into a larger device capable of carrying out surgical procedures .
( Image : Royal College of Surgeons / Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna )
Robotic colonoscope
The Endotics robotic colonoscope uses a series of grippers and extenders to pull itself along the bowel , rather than being pushed by a doctor like a conventional colonoscope .
This exerts less pressure onto the bowel wall , reducing the patient 's discomfort . The robot 's motion was inspired by the `` inchworm '' caterpillar of the geometer moth .
( Image : Era Endoscopy )
Night owls awake in New Hampshire and Maine got a special show after midnight on Tuesday when a “ fireball ” streaked across the sky .
Sgt . Tim Farris was on patrol for the Portland , Maine , Police Department watching for speeders when their dashcam caught the fiery streak . The “ meteor ( or alien spaceship ) , ” as the police department 's Facebook described it , lit up the sky around 12:30 a.m .
“ Let 's hope the visitors are friendly , ” the post continues . “ They could just be some of Stephen King 's friends on there way to visit him . Whom ever they are I 'm sure we could win them over with a whoopie pie . ”
Advertisement
Reporters in Maine and New Hampshire also described the celestial sight as a fireball . According to the American Meteor Society , a fireball is another term for a very bright meteor .
Though Mount Washington Observatory in New Hampshire was shrouded in fog and unable to see the streak , they posted to Facebook that they were also getting preliminary reports of a fireball and encouraged anyone who witnessed it to report it to the American Meteor Society .
The Sabattus , Maine , Police Department also caught the midnight meteor on a dashcam as it brightened the sky .
The flash was reportedly visible in all of New England , as well as in parts of Canada , and down to New York , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania , according to the American Meteor Society , with more than 150 sightings reported last night .
“ One of the most amazing things I 've ever seen in the night sky , ” one witness from Framingham reported . “ I was driving east on the mass pike heading home when there was flashing behind me , then the sky in front of my car started to light up . Looking out my left car window I could see what seemed to be a large greenish fireball breaking apart and moving very fast heading to my best guess east or northeast almost the same direction I was going . ”
[ here is little Effie 's head ] by e. e. cummings here is little Effie 's head whose brains are made of gingerbread when judgment day comes God will find six crumbs stooping by the coffinlid waiting for something to rise as the other somethings did- you imagine their surprise bellowing through the general noise Where is Effie who was dead ? -to God in a tiny voice , i may the first crumb said whereupon its fellow five crumbs chuckled as if they were alive and number two took up the song might i 'm called and did no wrong cried the third crumb , i should and this is my little sister could with our big brother who is would do n't punish us for we were good ; and the last crumb with some shame whispered unto God , my name is must and with the others i 've been Effie who is n't alive just imagine it I say God amid a monstrous din watch your step and follow me stooping by Effie 's little , in ( want a match or can you see ? ) which the six subjective crumbs twitch like mutilated thumbs ; picture Their peering the biggest whey coloured face on which a frown puzzles , but I know the way- ( nervously Whose eyes approve the blessed while Their ears are crammed with the strenuous music of the innumerable capering damned ) -staring wildly up and down the here we are now judgment day cross the threshold have no dread lift the sheet back in this way here is little Effie 's head whose brains are made of gingerbread
There are few ideas more closely associated with Donald Trump than their dream of a massive wall along the U.S./Mexico border – which , he 's assured the public , will be financed by Mexico . In a lengthy chat with reporters aboard Air Force One this week , the president made clear that this remains a top priority .
In fact , as the partial transcript shows , it 's apparently a subject to which he 's given some thought .
“ One of the things with the wall is you need transparency . You have to be able to see through it . In other words , if you ca n't see through that wall – so it could be a steel wall with openings , but you have to have openings because you have to see what 's on the other side of the wall . “ And I 'll give you an example . As horrible as it sounds , when they throw the large sacks of drugs over , and if you have people on the other side of the wall , you do n't see them – they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff ? It 's over . As crazy as that sounds , you need transparency through that wall . But we have some incredible designs . ”
As best as I can tell , Trump was being quite serious . When the president says they want “ transparency ” in this project , he 's being literal : they want people to be able to see through the border wall , in order to be able to protect themselves from 60-pound bags of drugs that Mexicans will somehow catapult over Trump 's beloved wall .
Perhaps giant signs that read , “ Beware of giant bags of drugs falling from the sky ” would make the gaps in the steel planks unnecessary .
As part of the same exchange , a reporter asked the president if they were joking about putting solar panels all over their border wall . “ No , not joking , no , ” Trump replied . “ There is a chance that we can do a solar wall . We have major companies looking at that . Look , there 's no better place for solar than the Mexico border – the southern border . And there is a very good chance we can do a solar wall , which would actually look good . But there is a very good chance we could do a solar wall . ”
Every serious analysis of the idea has made clear that this is n't a realistic idea .
And before reporters and the president moved on to other subjects , Trump added that their vision of a 2,000-mile border wall would n't actually extend the full 2,000 miles . As they put it , “ You have mountains . You have some rivers that are violent and vicious . You have some areas that are so far away that you do n't really have people crossing . So you do n't need that . But you 'll need anywhere from 700 to 900 miles . ”
Given the fact that we already have about 700 miles in fencing , I assume it 's only a matter of time before Trump simply declares victory , claims he 's already built their wall , and pats themselves on the back .
On a Friday afternoon in late March , some of the most powerful people in Wellington , Kansas , crowded into the office of physician Faustino Naldoza . The civic leaders , were trying to prevail upon state Sen. Larry Alley to side with them in a vote the following week . The state legislature would be deciding on whether to overturn a veto by Gov . Sam Brownback of an expansion of the state health care program called KanCare — otherwise known , unfortunately for its prospects , as Medicaid . Kansas had long rejected the expansion of Medicaid authorized by the Affordable Care Act until , that is , President Barack Obama left office , and the legislature voted to accept the federal money . The expansion was a lifeline to towns like Wellington . Across Kansas and throughout much of the rural U.S. , small hospitals have been closing . In 2017 , Wellington 's Sumner Regional Medical Center joined a growing list of more than 600 rural hospitals that , according to 2016 report by health analytics firm iVantage , are at risk of shuttering , potentially leveling blows to local economies and leaving residents without nearby emergency services and accessible routine care . Rick Schon at the Chamber of Commerce meeting that takes place each week with residents and local business owners to assess the health of business in town and local events in Wellington , Kan. , July 20 , 2017 . Photo : Alex Thompson Clifford Bickel sits in front of their house . They rarely travel anywhere because they require an oxygen tank to breathe after smoking cigarettes for much of their life . Wellington , Kan. July 17 , 2017 . Photo : Alex Thompson Expanding Medicaid , according to Sumner Regional officials , would bring in an extra $ 750,000 a year , enough to keep it afloat . Alley had nonetheless voted against the expansion , but it passed without him . Then Brownback vetoed the bill , and Alley 's vote became necessary to override the veto . In Naldoza 's office , according to an account in Sumner Newscow , a local news site , and interviews by The Intercept , town leaders brought every argument they had to bear on Alley . Wellington 's mayor Shelley Hansel recalled an injury to their young son , wondering if they would have even survived if the facility had n't been so close by . J.C. Long , president of the town 's Bank of Commerce and a former firebrand Republican lawmaker , told Alley that “ good policy should trump good politics. ” From their perspective as a banker , a struggling hospital was better than no hospital —and if the hospital closed , the community would suffer through job losses ( Sumner employs 130 people , according to Stacy Davis , executive director of economic development for Sumner County ) . Earlier in the day , officials from GKN Aerospace Precision Machining , one of the town 's leading employers , explained that their workplace insurance premiums would jump , because insurers do n't look kindly on factories with no emergency room anywhere nearby . What 's more , recruitment is difficult in towns without hospitals , they said , so without a hospital in Wellington , the company would consider moving elsewhere . That Monday , the House fell three votes short of the number needed to override , so the Senate never even needed to vote . Seth Henton pushes their son , Owen , in the backyard . Henton takes their children into Wichita to receive pediatric care . Many residents in Wellington attribute Sumner Regional Medical Center 's financial trouble to the fact that many of the town 's residents choose to receive medical care elsewhere . Wellington , Kan. , July 16 , 2017 . Photo : Alex Thompson Jason takes a break from trimming bushes on their property in Wellington , Kan. , on July 16 . When asked about the problems with the local hospital , they simply replied , “ We 're keeping it alive. ” Photo : Alex Thompson The looming closure of Sumner Regional Medical Center stands as a potential disaster for many Sumner County residents . Tagging clothes for their volunteer post at the Presbyterian Church thrift shop on a summer afternoon , Betty Farley expressed their fear that the closure could have a lasting impact on the community . But for the nearby hospital , the mother would not have been able to deal with their daughter 's treatment that has required both emergent and routine care over the last 15 years . The nearest hospital would now be 30 minutes away . For residents caught in a medical emergency , this could mean a costly ride in an ambulance or worse , not receiving that care in time .
Left : The reflection from a thrift shop in downtown . Wellington , Kan. July 17 , 2017 . Right : Betty Farley tags new items at the Presbyterian Church thrift shop in downtown Wellington , Kan. , on July 17 , 2017.Photos : Alex Thompson
To understand the magnitude of a local hospital closure , you only need turn to nearby Independence , Kansas , which lost its hospital two years ago . When their son 's finger was severed in a home accident , Rhonda Graven , a resident of Independence and at the time uninsured , was forced to make a drastic decision . They had their son Justin airlifted to Wichita but , when they arrived , doctors there refused to operate on them without a signature from their parents , who were a 90-minute drive away ( they could not accompany Justin in the helicopter ) . The effort proved fruitless ; Graven attributes the lapse in time from the accident to surgery as the reason why doctors could not reattach the finger . “ It 's a traumatic thing , ” Graven said . “ When your son wakes up and he 's 12 years old and you have to tell them they could n't attach it , it 's devastating. ” Rhonda Graven , owner of the Affordable Furniture Depot in downtown Independence , Kan. , photographed on July 18 , received health care for the first time when the Affordable Care Act was passed in 2010 , but worries that if the ACA is repealed , they will lose their health insurance . Photo : Alex Thompson Then came the bills . Graven , who owns a furniture depot in Independence , is still dealing with the fallout more than a decade later . Without insurance , their son 's procedure was billed at nearly $ 40,000 — more than their combined annual income . After filing a hardship waiver that covered $ 26,000 of the total , the Gravens paid off the balance on their credit cards . But even those payments were too much to keep up with , and Rhonda Graven 's credit rating has not since recovered .
Left : Wheelchairs in the lobby of Sumner Regional Medical Center in Wellington , Kan. , on July 20 , 2017 . For the past few years , this hospital has struggled to remain open . The city has instilled a half-cent sales tax , with proceeds going directly to the hospital to help it stay open . Right : Vernon outside of their apartment in Independence , Kan. , on July 18 , 2017 . Because they are on disability benefits — as a result of a stroke and two heart attacks — Vernon receives Medicaid from the state , their only path to being insured . Their doctor was previously based in Independence but moved to Bartlesville , Oklah. , which is one hour south.Photos : Alex Thompson
With more than a fifth of Independence residents living below the poverty level , paying for health insurance quickly falls off the list of priorities . Heath Welton — a cowboy , Army veteran , and physician 's assistant in nearby Coffeyville — knows this too well . They said it costs them $ 2,000 per year in tax penalties for leaving their family of four uninsured —but that 's cheaper than spending $ 7,200 a year on insurance Welton has the luxury of being able to attend to some of their family 's medical needs himself , but many of their neighbors are not so lucky . When they are not working at the clinic , herding cattle , or working on the ranch , they make house calls for uninsured members of the community , sometimes trading services for chickens and eggs . Heath Welton and Mike Wilson watch as a neighbor bales hay in Tyro , Kan. , on July 19 . Communities like Tyro — which sits just outside of Independence — often come together and help each other as much as possible . Welton is a physician 's assistant and makes frequent house calls to those nearby to offer medical services to a largely uninsured population . Photo : Alex Thompson Longhorn bulls in a field north of downtown Wellington . While the town was first building its economy , a group of men cuts away part of the existing Chisholm Trail , diverting the cattle drivers to their town . This brought cattle through the city and was an important factor in the development of the town 's early economy . Photo : Alex Thompson Tim Hay , Wellington 's fire and EMS chief , stands in the emergency response bay on July 17 . If the hospital in Wellington closes , Hay will need to hire more EMS staff , because the nearest hospital would be in Wichita — adding more than 40 minutes to each emergency response , they say . Photo : Alex Thompson In Wellington , the community 's emergency response teams know the financial burden of the hospital closure will go well beyond chickens and eggs , bracing for the impact of increased demand for emergency services . Sumner County EMS already responds to more than 1,300 calls per year , according to Fire and EMS Chief Tim Hay , a number that is rising steadily year to year . If the local hospital closes , the total time for ambulance trips to Wichita would be two hours — an extended trip time that requires extended staffing . According to a fact sheet prepared by the EMS team laying out contingencies to deal with closing Sumner Regional , Hay estimates that hiring emergency responders , purchasing ambulances , and creating a larger station to accommodate staff would increase annual spending by close to $ 1 million . The cost to Sumner County as a whole will be especially difficult to bear because the closure of the hospital could incur a $ 6 million hit to the retail economy , according to Davis , the economic development director .
Left : Jeff Hill , owner of Frazer 's clothing store in downtown Wellington , Kan. , is afraid that if the hospital closes it will impact their business , because there will be fewer people with money to spend . Right : Clothes hang to dry on a tree in Wellington.Photos : Alex Thompson
Matt Damon has revealed that they shared a bank account with best friend Ben Affleck before they rose to fame .
They said that they often used to share their funds to pay for audition trips .
`` I started coming down here to New York by myself with money I had made in local commercials in Boston , ” the Daily Express quoted Damon as telling Piers Morgan Tonight .
`` Ben and I actually had a joint bank account and the bank account was money we had made from doing local commercials and we could only use it on trips to New York to audition .
`` When I look back at that , a 16 and 14 year old , we were really young to be taking the bus by ourselves to New York and spending a day going to an audition - we were living adult lives as teenagers . ''
In 2008 , Harvard professors Cass Sunstein and Adrian Vermeule proposed that the government should engage in “ cognitive infiltration ” of citizen groups that seek the truth about 9/11 . The proposal was that government operatives , whether anonymous or otherwise , should infiltrate and disrupt the groups . They wrote , “ Government agents ( and their allies ) might enter chat rooms , online social networks , or even real-space groups and attempt to undermine percolating conspiracy theories by raising doubts about their factual premises , causal logic or implications for political action . “
The following year , this anti-Constitutional stance was rewarded when Sunstein was made director of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs . Members of the 9/11 Truth Movement responded with detailed criticism .
Of course , the idea of infiltrating a grassroots action group , to disrupt and defame its members , was not new . The FBI program called COINTELPRO was a widely reported example after it was revealed in the early 1970s to have infiltrated citizen groups seeking civil rights and peace . After being revealed , COINTELPRO techniques continued at the FBI and elsewhere in government .
Since 9/11 , journalists have noted that government infiltration of political groups is no longer a rare exception but is the norm . The goals of such infiltration are to destabilize and prevent citizen dissent by creating a negative public image for the target group and conflict within the group . Infiltration is easy when it comes to a grassroots movement like 9/11 Truth . That is , you can not just claim to be a 9/11 Commission member or an employee of a government agency but anyone can say they are a truth seeker . The beauty of this for government operatives is that they can control both sides of the conversation .
To make a significant impact , however , an infiltrator needs to quickly move into a position as a leading voice for the movement . One way in which this was done , even before Sunstein 's proposal , was through a social variant of the physical principle called the “ gravitational assist. ” The physical principle leverages the movement and gravitational pull of a moon or planet to slingshot a spacecraft into a higher velocity trajectory by moving the path of the spacecraft near the larger body . The social variant is when a brief association with a leading voice in a group lends someone credibility that they would otherwise not have .
Examples of the gravitational assist occurred when physicist Steven Jones made news in September 2005 for challenging the official account of the World Trade Center destruction . People wanted their photo taken with them and they were invited to speak at many events . Soon afterward , Jim Fetzer , previously unknown to 9/11 investigators , dramatically announced that they and Jones were starting a new “ scholars ” group to challenge the official account of 9/11 . That association led to Fetzer discrediting Jones and others through association with absurd concepts like Star Wars beams and holograms at the WTC .
It was later learned that Fetzer was an expert on the use of disinformation yet they and their colleagues Morgan Reynolds and Judy Woods went on to link 9/11 questioning with many preposterous ideas . They created nonsensical hypotheses and promoted them through mass emails targeting media representatives and others in order to present the 9/11 Truth Movement as a ludicrous spectacle .
When recently asked to help reveal more of what happened during that time , it occurred to me that people could benefit from learning the general techniques used to disrupt grassroots movements . Examined more closely , the techniques used by infiltrators or disruptors can be seen as expressions of commonly known rules of debate . Specifically , the rules are reflected in philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer 's sarcastic publication , The Art of Being Right : 38 Ways to Win an Argument . Here are a few examples of how these techniques were used to disrupt 9/11 questioning .
“ The Extension ” takes a proposal beyond its intended limits so that the extended proposal can be refuted and thereby make the original statement sound weaker . A 9/11 example took the question about whether an aircraft had actually hit the Pentagon and extended it to all other aspects of 9/11 . Therefore if there was no plane at the Pentagon then there were no planes at all , and no alleged hijackers , and so on .
“ The Homonymy ” is a misuse of a proposition through use of similar words . The government agency NIST utilized this method effectively by replacing words in its reports with weaker homonyms , making it easier for the unprecedented destruction of the WTC to sound more plausible . Therefore fireproofing became “ insulation ” and joists became “ trusses . ”
Using the “ Postulate What Has to Be Proved ” rule , 9/11 disruptors presented and then destroyed their own straw man arguments . That is , they first framed the questions in simplified , diverting ways and then refuted those “ straw man ” frames . This was the go-to technique of the “ debunkers ” at Popular Mechanics .
The method of “ Make Your Opponent Angry ” was frequently used . Through the years , infiltrators often resorted to baseless accusations , threats , and absurd insinuations . Luckily , this could be easily spotted .
In the “ Agree to Reject the Counter-Proposition ” technique , the disruptor frames the issue as two very distinct options . This is the “ split screen ” method that FOX News used so well over many years to move national discussions toward extreme views . With 9/11 , it was again most well demonstrated by arguments over the Pentagon in which everyone was either a “ planer ” or a “ no-planer. ” All other questioning about the Pentagon event was forsaken as a result of this mindless dichotomy .
Using “ Arguments Ad Hominem , ” Schopenhauer described how the opponent could be shown to be inconsistent and therefore untrustworthy . With 9/11 questioning , disruptors often attacked the person ( ad hominem ) rather than the argument itself .
Fetzer helped the government deflect questions by using the “ Make Him Exaggerate Their Statement ” technique in which “ when you refute this exaggerated form of it , you look as though you had also refuted their original statement. ” In the short time that they were in the 9/11 limelight , Fetzer would begin every interview with the claim that my former company UL had “ certified the steel used in the World Trade center to 2000 degrees for six hours. ” Despite being an incorrect exaggeration , Fetzer continued to use it even after that fact was made clear to him . Ultimately this allowed the government agency NIST to refute Fetzer 's exaggerated claim , quoting it word for word , rather than address true questions about UL 's certification of the WTC steel components .
In the “ Find One Instance to the Contrary ” method , the disruptor simply finds one example of when a proposition was not met . For example , a disruptor would argue that because the WTC towers were destroyed from the top down , they could not be demolitions because all demolitions occur from the bottom up . This was the argument from “ skeptic ” Michael Shermer when I debated them on Air America radio in 2007 . In order to support their contention , Shermer casually claimed to have watched thousands of demolition videos during the 2-minute radio break . Unfortunately for him , a top-down demolition was posted on a leading 9/11 truth website which I referred to at the time .
With the “ Put Their Thesis into Some Odious Category ” technique , 9/11 questioning was frequently conflated with positions that were seen as hateful or stupid . This led to some members of the media lumping “ truthers ” in with “ birthers , ” holocaust deniers , and those who question the moon landings .
In retrospect , it is comforting to know that so much effort at disruption was needed to prevent 9/11 questions from taking over the national discussion . It means that many people were informed to some degree and that citizen groups working for the truth were seen as a threat to a corrupt system . Many people are now aware that terrorism events are not as simple as the government and mainstream media portray them .
People need to be able to recognize infiltration of grassroots movements because the system will not change on its own . It 's likely that only a catastrophic and catalyzing realization on the part of a large segment of society will lead to any real change and recognizing the techniques of disruption could help achieve that realization .
SANTA CLARA , CA – Most football fans and perhaps every American in general has an opinion on Colin Kaepernick 's decision to protest of the National Anthem . Some were offended and disgusted , and others were moved to stand with the quarterback . To some of the fence , the 49ers QB seemed to be swaying them towards their stance with the more context and explanation on why exactly they were doing it and how they did n't intend to offend anyone in doing so .
That credibility took a big hit just a day later photos were released of Kaepernick wearing anti-police socks that featured pigs with police hats during a Niners practice .
Although Kaepernick once again tried to further explain themselves in an Instagram post , may take exception , the most notable of which , the Santa Clara Police Department . The association released a statement describing their outrage at their actions during the anthem , their comments , and the choice of socks , threatening to not work 49ers home games , asking for an apology .
During an SCPD meeting , the officers got together to decide if they would go through with holding out on 49ers game in a protest of themselves , but came up with a better plan . The officers would wear Colin Kaepernick socks .
“ I mean I think these showcase them perfectly , ” SC Police Chief Thisis Satire stated . “ If you ca n't beat out Blaine Gabbert for a starting job , you 're trash . Garbage . The guy got traded away from the Jacksonville friggin Jaguars . When you are the bench warmer for a guy the Jaguars did n't want , does it get any lower ? ”
( CN ) – The Federal Communications Commission formally proposed new “ net neutrality ” rules Thursday that follow up on its plans to let Internet service providers make deals that give certain companies a “ fast lane ” to consumers ' computers .
An appeal by Verizon help bring about this reality , leading the D.C . Circuit in January to find that the FCC lacks the authority to regulate broadband internet companies because the agency had not classified broadband providers as “ common carriers ” like a phone company or other utility , subject to telecommunications regulations . Instead , they were called “ information services . ”
The FCC announced last month that , in line with the January decision , it would propose to allow companies to pay Internet providers such as Comcast and Verizon for special , faster lanes to send video and other content to their customers .
Public outcry accused the FCC of abandoning its commitment to net neutrality , and FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler agreed to consider revising proposed rules .
The FCC launched the rulemaking Thursday and requested public comment about applying Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and Title II of the Communications Act .
“ While the notice reflects a tentative conclusion that Section 706 presents the quickest and most resilient path forward per the court 's guidance , it also makes clear that Title II remains a viable alternative and asks specifically which approach is better , ” the fact sheet states . “ In addition , the proposal asks whether paid prioritization arrangements , or ‘ fast lanes , ' can be banned outright . ”
Verizon announced that it was reviewing the proposal and emphasized its commitment to innovation and “ an open Internet . ”
The statement echoed a letter that the telecom sent the FCC on Wednesday .
“ As the commission considers facts rather than overheated rhetoric , it will see that the open Internet is not under attack , ” Verizon 's deputy general counsel Michael Glover wrote . “ Instead consumers are benefitting from tremendous innovation and investment that gives them more and better choices every day . A light-touch approach that preserves flexibility and encourages continued innovation , experimentation , and investment throughout the Internet ecosystem will continue to serve the interests of consumers and preserve and protect the open Internet while also allowing experimentation and innovation that will provide consumers with still further options and the benefits they can deliver . ”
The six-page letter urged the agency not to reclassify broadband providers as “ common carriers ” and subject them to “ rotary telephone-era utility regulation . ”
“ In contrast to an approach that encourages innovation and investment in all parts of the Internet ecosystem , some now propose that the Commission ‘ reclassify ' Internet access service and apply 1930 's utility regulation to these services , ” Glover wrote . “ Similarly , others , including Mozilla , would conjure up new ‘ transport ' services out of Internet access services and subject this newly discovered ‘ service ' to Title II utility-style regulation , thus having the same effect . Any such approach is unnecessary to protect the openness of the Internet and would be harmful and counterproductive to the commission 's goals . ”
Glover instead pointed to the “ stunning success ” of the FCC 's current model , which Verizon claims has spurred innovation and investment , as opposed to “ a central-planning model of utility regulation with the opposite effects . ”
They also warned that reclassifying Verizon and other broadband companies would trigger protracted litigation , and provide a dangerous example for repressive regimes who have sought more control over the Internet .
Like this : Like Loading ...
The 62 year-old , in their final season in charge at Ibrox , has had enough of the conspiracy theories emanating from Parkhead and , as they prepare to take their team to the east end of Glasgow tomorrow , they welcomed former Celtic manager Gordon Strachan 's declaration this week that there was no institutionalised bias against the club .
The latter had claimed at the club 's AGM in November that the Clydesdale Bank Premier League leaders would not tolerate being treated as second-class citizens by the governing bodies , hinting at a historical discrimination . “ We wo n't be treated as less than anyone else , ” said Reid . “ Those days are gone . ”
With referee Iain Brines about to take charge of their first Old Firm encounter tomorrow , Smith echoed Strachan 's sentiments .
“ It would have been difficult for Gordon to have said anything else , would n't it ? ” they asked . “ When you win three consecutive championships it 's very difficult to say that there are people conspiring against you .
“ You ca n't win three successive titles with people conspiring against you . This has been a situation Celtic have been happy to promote but when their former manager comes out and says that there is no conspiracy then you can realise why .
“ He was good enough when they were there to lead their team to three championships so , from a Rangers point of view , did people conspire against us during that period of time ? And the truth is that they did n't and the truth is that they do n't .
“ The truth is that if you 're good enough then you 'll win and Celtic were during Gordon 's time as manager so I agree with what they say .
“ I think that Celtic have tried to use that to their own advantage – I do n't believe there 's any doubt about that but Gordon 's comments this week have led everyone to the actual truth .
“ Like I say , if you 're good enough you 'll win but it suits them to build up an environment where everybody 's against them when , obviously , they 're not or they would n't have won what they 've won if then world had been against them .
“ Everyone has to remember that Celtic have won three out of the last five championships so if people are conspiring against them I would n't like to see what they 'll do once they stop .
“ So it suits them just now to gain some motivation from that 'everyone 's against us ' type of attitude plus everything is new and fresh there at the moment but we 'll just need to wait and see what happens .
“ If people want to keep , promoting that that 's fine : I prefer to look at the footballing side of the situation rather than anything else . Going to Celtic Park will be difficult – all Old Firm games are . The games up until now have been close and the fact both teams have lost at home adds another aspect to it .
“ For us , having extra games with a smaller group is an obvious difficulty but we have a pride in our performance . ”
Algerian defender Madjid Bougherra believes it is essential for Rangers – five points behind , having played two games fewer – to win the two remaining league fixtures against Celtic because they do n't anticipate any of the other SPL clubs taking all three points from Lennon 's side .
“ I think that 's the case , ” they said . “ If you want to win the championship you have to win all your games but the Old Firm games are very vital . If we win the two games in hand it is still in our own hands .
“ For us , if we win the game it will be fantastic for us to take into the [ return leg against Sporting Lisbon ] next Thursday as well as for the championship .
“ Celtic are going very well this season and do n't look like dropping many points , so it is the best moment to close the gap . ”
The father of Omar Mateen has blamed security staff at Pulse nightclub for not preventing the murder of 49 innocent people .
Seddique Mateen said religion had nothing to do with the massacre and that they wished their son was alive so they could ask them why they did it .
Their son , Omar , a 29-year-old bodybuilder of Afghan origin , shot down clubbers and injured dozens at the Orlando club on Sunday morning .
Seddique Mateen said religion had nothing to do with the massacre and that they wished their son was alive so they could ask them why they did it
Mr Mateen told Sky News : 'The first thing I want to say is that the club should have had good security . The club ( with ) 300 or 400 people are coming , they should have had a good security .
'My personal feeling ( is ) they are responsible , the club is responsible for not having good security . If there was a good communication with the security there , they could have protected much better . '
Their son , who had pledged their allegiance to ISIS on the phone to police , was killed by SWAT officers when they opened fire after crawling out of a hole made to rescue clubbers .
Asked why they thought their son had gay dating apps like Grindr and Jack 'd on their mobile phone , Mr Mateen said they wished their son was alive so they could ask .
' I do n't know what they were doing and I wish I did know . I do n't know why they were using that , to get there and do something . I wish they were alive so I could ask him , ' said Mr Mateen .
They added the attack had 'nothing to do with religion ' .
A message posted by Seddique Mateen on Facebook early Monday morning made clear their own views on homosexuality .
In the video the elder Mateen says they were saddened by their son 's actions during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan .
They then added : 'God will punish those involved in homosexuality ' , saying it 's , 'not an issue that humans should deal with ' .
Omar Mateen ( pictured ) killed 49 and injured dozens more Sunday morning when they opened fire in gay club Pulse . Their father said they were homophobic , but mounting evidence suggests they were gay and in the closet
Mateen attacked gay club Pulse ( pictured ) on Sunday morning . They had been a regular there for three years , witnesses later testified - and denied Mateen 's father 's claim that their son was homophobic
Edward Sotomayor Jr. ( left ) and Stanley Almodovar III ( right ) were the first victims identified in the aftermath of the worst mass shooting in American history
The AR-15 rifle is the civilian model of the M-16 which Mateen used , along with a handgun , in the nightclub
Mr Mateen also claimed that the attack had 'nothing to do with Islam . Those killers , they call it ISIS in what I heard in the news . They are not religious people . They use the name of religion for their personal gain . '
The father has their own TV show which is broadcast to Afghanistan from the U.S .
The White House and the FBI said the gunman , an American-born Muslim , appeared to be a 'homegrown extremist ' who had touted support not just for ISIS but other radical groups that are its enemies .
The FBI confirmed that Mateen had come to its attention twice before the attack and had been investigated for 10 months from May 2013 because they had made 'inflammatory and contradictory ' statements about ties to terrorist groups .
Agents closed the first investigation in early 2014 , but Mateen 's name came up in a separate FBI investigation in July that year , after they were linked to a Syria suicide bomber .
Interior secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong says ‘ there is no chance ' it will accept deported immigrants amid tensions in US-Mexico relations
Mexico tells US it will refuse deportees from other countries
The Mexican government made clear to visiting US emissaries that it will not accept deportees from third countries under any circumstances , the interior secretary said on Friday .
Mexicans fear Trump deportation plan will lead to refugee camps along border Read more
Miguel Angel Osorio Chong said in an interview with Radio Formula that the US secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , and the homeland security secretary , John Kelly , asked Mexican officials during their Thursday visit if they would host deportees from other countries while their immigration cases are processed in the US .
“ They ca n't leave them here on the border because we have to reject them . There is no chance they would be received by Mexico , ” they said .
“ They asked us that while their legal process is happening there if they could be here , ” Osorio Chong said . “ And we told them that there 's no way we can have them here during that process . ”
The visit by the US secretaries came at a tense moment in US-Mexico relations . Donald Trump has carried their tough campaign talk about immigrants and factory jobs that moved to Mexico into the White House , ordering the building of a border wall , stepped-up deportations and a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement .
A memo published by the Department of Homeland Security earlier this week suggested that US immigration officials could deport immigrants in the country illegally to the contiguous country they had entered from , which in the vast majority of cases would be Mexico . Most of the immigrants crossing the US-Mexico border in recent years have been Central Americans .
Mexico will not accept Trump 's immigration plans , says foreign minister Read more
Osorio Chong also said on Friday that if the US government tries to pressure Mexico by threatening to withdraw funding from the nearly $ 2.5bn Mérida Initiative to fight organized crime , Mexico will let that money go .
The initiative that was started in 2008 is winding down with most remaining funding going to Mexican states implementing reforms to the justice system , Osorio Chong said . In its early years , Mérida outfitted Mexico 's military with helicopters and trained its security forces .
“ If that resource could be an issue for pressure or if they want to pressure the government , honestly , we have no problem , none , if they withdraw it , ” they said .
The US embassy in Mexico City did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Batman V. Superman : Dawn of Justice is the December cover story for French magazine Studio Ciné Live ( via batman-news ) and it includes an interview with Henry Cavill . They discuss their portrayal of Clark Kent the reporter , the new problems Superman faces and how their costume has become more comfortable .
At the end of Man of Steel , Clark was introduced by Perry White ( Laurence Fishburne ) as The Daily Planet 's newest reporter , but do n't expect Cavill to portray them as clumsy as Christopher Reeve did . `` Comparisons with Christopher Reeve 's clumsy Clark Kent are inevitable , '' Cavill explained to Studio Ciné Live . `` My Clark Kent is trying to be as small and invisible as possible . If you 're awkward and spilling things constantly , people are going to notice you , and that 's not the best way to go unseen . You have to admit , it 's not a remarkable disguise , just a pair of glasses . He 'd like to think that no one will believe they could be Superman . How could such a delicate flower be a living god ? Preposterous . ''
Cavill says fans should n't expect Superman to be much different from when we last saw him . `` Superman themselves is n't that different , '' they offered . `` He does however have to deal with a new set of problems because he 's now been revealed to the world . This film is more about how the world in general – and Batman in particular – sees this alien , and less about the evolution of Superman . '' Actors portraying superheroes often complain of costumes that make it difficult for them to use the bathroom in a timely fashion , however , adjustments have been made to Cavill 's suit . `` It 's easier to take it off when I have to relieve myself ! '' they exclaimed . `` Suddenly my life is much less complicated . ''
One clinical psychologist in Atlanta recently wrote a call to action ( PDF ) saying money has become an unhealthy taboo in psychotherapy .
The main point of the essay was to say that financial troubles , especially in a rough economy , can become great sources of stress , anxiety , and depression for many individuals ; and this can often be an overlooked aspect of mental health . In addition to stresses and anxieties , many individuals develop dysfunctional attitudes toward money , some of which could be considered forms of mental disorders , now coined “ money disorders . ”
Klontz and Klontz suggested a range of possible money-related disorders in their book Money Over Mind . These included money-worshiping , rooted in the belief that more money provides the answers , which can lead to such behaviors as overspending , compulsive buying , unreasonable risk-taking with money , pathological gambling , hoarding , and workaholism ; and money-avoidance , which includes “ behaviors such as financial denial , where denial is used to defend against or minimize money problems , or financial rejection where feelings of guilt or unworthiness are associated with money. ” Avoidance disorders can also include under spending and excessive risk-aversion .
Apparently almost 30 % of young adults between 18-25 are experiencing some kind of mental disorder , this is the highest rate ever recorded . Of course , many of these same individuals are just graduating from college and entering into a depressed marketplace . Psychologists are right to wonder how these current economic conditions may be contributing to our poor mental health .
Financial wellness – a component of well-being
As someone who fits into the statistic mentioned above , I can certainly say that my financial life has been less than satisfying over the past two years . It has also spilled over into others aspects of my life , like relationships and going out to social gatherings . These can definitely pay a toll on our mental well-being . It is important to acknowledge that a balanced life must include proper ( and sane ) management of our finances ( including a sustainable income ) . I can only imagine the stress of those who are going through similar troubles , but also need to support a family . Such a situation can become really mentally draining and affect all aspects of one 's life .
The right attitude about money
I 've thought a lot about money over the years and I 've come to the conclusion that it should n't be seen as neither “ good ” nor “ bad. ” Money is just a tool we use to exchange value with one another . But like all tools , it can be used properly and it can be used really poorly . Some of us have a lot of money , but when we spend it impulsively and with only short term gratification in mind , we can often find ourselves less happy with what we have in the long-term ( perhaps due to wastefulness and gluttony ) . This is similar to what Klontz and Klontz called “ money-worshiping. ” At that point , material well-being can be like a drug .
At the same time , completely avoiding material needs can be unrealistic and just as unsatisfying . I think some of us witness greed in the world , and then we overcompensate by fostering a completely negative attitude regarding money . We see all action focused on making money to be bad , maybe even evil . A balance needs to be met by coming to terms with our material needs without clinging to them .
Avoid spending biases
Debt is one of the biggest problems when it comes to financial wellness . People either buy a lot on credit or take risks that they think will have big financial return , but do n't . Thus they find themselves in a hole , paying interest on enormous debt as time continues to tick . It can feel like a prison .
Of course the best way to avoid debt is to not go in debt in the first place . This ultimately boils down to having smart spending habits . The trouble is many of us hold cognitive biases that hurt our wallets . Hopefully by being more aware of some of this irrational decision-making we can avoid making these mistakes :
Status quo : We stick to buying what we know instead of pursuing alternatives .
Relativity trap : We notice a product is on sale 20 % so we feel more compelled to buy it even though we never really needed the product in the first place .
Sunk cost effect : Instead of cutting our losses short , we often hold onto poor investments hoping that they will bounce back . This is a form of loss aversion : our tendency to prefer avoiding losses over acquiring gains .
FREE ! : Humans tend to be very allured to anything that is “ FREE ! ” and can often make irrational spending decisions to get something for free ( ones which end up costing them more in the end ) . There is a great chapter on this in Predictably Irrational , an excellent book that explains some of the hidden forces behind consumer behavior .
Restraint bias : Humans tend to overestimate their self-control regarding spending . One thing we can do is avoid getting ourselves in tempting situations or environments that encourage us to buy something new .
Post-purchase rationalization : This bias describes our tendency to backwards rationalize our decisions after we 've committed to them . Sometimes marketers use “ Money-Back Guarantees ” knowing that instead of regretting a purchase we will usually find a way to justify it to ourselves .
Imagine yourself in the future
A recent study published in The Journal of Consumer Research has suggested that by imaging our future self we can curb present spending and save more for the future . “ The willingness to forego money now and wait for future benefits is strongly affected by how connected we feel to our future self , who will ultimately benefit from the resources we save , ” writes Daniel M. Bartels ( Columbia Business School ) and Oleg Urminsky ( University of Chicago ) .
If we can place ourselves in a bird 's eye view of the future ( especially when making financial decisions ) , we can often become better planners for our future retirement by seeing the “ bigger picture ” of our habits .
Do n't buy stuff you ca n't afford
One of my favorite Saturday Night Live skits with Steve Martin . Just commonsense hilarity about not buying stuff you ca n't afford . This seems more relevant now than ever before .
Remember money is n't everything
Money , of course , is n't the only value in life . We also need good health , relationships , a meaningful life , among other things . Money and well-being does show some correlation up until $ 75,000 a year , but after that point money shows no significant effect on increased well-being . It 's important to remember that someone who is rich can still be miserable , and someone who is poor can still find happiness . Money is just one of many conditions that contribute to our well-being . This does n't mean we should ignore it ; instead , we should try to maintain a balanced perspective .
The Science of Self Improvement is a digital guide packed with valuable advice and techniques to help improve yourself on a daily basis .
LOS ANGELES , CA -- ( Marketwired - Mar 12 , 2014 ) - SK3 Group , Inc. ( OTC Pink : SKTO ) ( PINKSHEETS : SKTO ) , doing business as Medical Greens , through its subsidiary Berkely Bio-Organic Research Laboratories , has completed beta-testing of the initial offering in its recently announced phyto-cannabinoid product line , T-Hydrocan™ . T-Hydrocan™ RMC 40 contains 40 mg. of refined mixed cannabinoids which have been extracted from cannabis flowers utilizing solvents approved for food contact , refined via numerous filtration and separation processes to remove as many of the non-cannabinoid elements as possible , and pressed into a chewable tablet .
Unlike Medical Greens ' non-psychoactive Dharmanol™ product line , T-Hydrocan™ RMC 40 contains fully-activated ( decarboxylated ) THC , producing the classic effects of medical marijuana via an orally-consumed tablet .
`` While we are most excited about the possibilities of the non-psychoactive cannabinoids , the great bulk of the research , as well as the majority of the scientific knowledge of the medicinal healing effects ascribed to cannabis medicine , come from research performed on psychoactive THC . Orally-consumed doses of various types and strengths of traditional cannabis extracts have shown substantial efficacy in treating pain , anxiety , insomnia , anorexia , as well as numerous other conditions . T-Hydrocan RMC 40 tablets have been designed to benefit those seeking relief from these , and many other conditions that have been successfully treated with medicinal cannabis , '' said David Hoye of Berkeley Bio-Organic Research Laboratory .
Each tablet of T-Hydrocan™RMC 40 contains the following ingredients specifically :
1 . Microcrystalline cellulose ;
2 . Magnesium stearate ( vegetable source ) ;
3 . Sucrose ;
4 . Dextrin ;
5 . Natural flavorings ;
6 . Vitamin C as ascorbic acid ( a preservative ) ; and
7 . Purified oil of cannabis / hemp containing 40 mg. of refined mixed phyto-cannabinoids .
T-Hydrocan™ RMC 40 tablets will now be packaged and made available to qualified California medical patients through the network of medicinal collectives serviced and managed by Medical Greens , as well as through the Pharmajanes.com ordering platform .
Several other products in the T-Hydrocan™ product line are being prepared for beta-testing and will soon follow the release of T-Hydrocan™ RMC 40 . On the other end of the spectrum from the RMC ( refined mixed cannabinoids ) offering , T-Hydrocan™ Whole Plant , will contain as many of the over 400 natural medicinal elements of the cannabis/hemp plant as possible , removing only the fiber . Many patients have found the `` whole plant '' approach preferable to eliminating any possible medicinal element that is present in the natural plant when it is processed into an orally ingested medicine .
Following T-Hydrocan™ Whole-Plant will be T-Hydrocan™ Citrolene™ tablets , which will combine the effects of active cannabinoids with those of the natural terpene d-Limonene . This natural medicine , d-Limonene , is found in cannabis/hemp as well as in many other plants . It has relaxing , anti-anxiety , and anti-spasmodic effects , as it binds with the same receptors in the human body as does the benzodiazapines Valium and Xanax , but has been shown to be non-toxic and non-addictive .
`` We are pleased to have completed this step in the development process and are looking forward to seeing T-Hydrocan™ RMC-40 tablets available through our managed collectives and Pharmajanes.com within the next 60 days , '' said Artemus Mayor , President of Medical Greens . `` This development demonstrates our commitment to medical cannabis focused products to deliver more of what our patients want when they want it . ''
About SKTO
SK3 is a healthcare logistics and fulfillment consultancy doing business as Medical Greens™ and focused on the delivery of alternative care and medicine . With seasoned management , breakthrough technology and best practices , SK3 brings standardization and transparency to this rapidly growing segment of the alternative care field .
FDA Statement
The statements in this document have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA . The products and statements referenced in this document are not intended to diagnose , treat , cure , or prevent any disease .
Story continues
Editor 's Note : This story cites the Environmental Working Group , an organization that has been known to exaggerate harms and promote the pseudoscientific claim that mercury in vaccines causes autism . Therefore , all of the information below should be taken with a grain of salt . We have edited this article to remove EWG 's claims that two ingredients found in many sunscreens—oxybenzone and retinyl palmitate—are dangerous for humans , because it is the consensus of physicians and scientists that these ingredients are safe . We have also edited this article to remove EWG 's claim that sunscreens do n't actually prevent skin cancer , as this is patently false .
Just in time for the beach weather , the Environmental Working Group released its tenth annual sunscreen guide , and if the sun did n't already burn you , the report 's findings will . First a bit of good news : Since the report started in 2007 , the ingredients in sunscreen for kids has been getting safer , the labeling has become clearer , and false claims like “ sweatproof ” and “ waterproof ” have been banned . The bad news : Of the products EWG reviewed , they had “ serious concerns ” about 750 of them . That 's way more than a CVS aisle-worth .
ADVERTISEMENT
RELATED : Parenting Gear to Help Make Your Next Beach Day Go Smoothly
So which is the safest sunscreen for kids ? Of those 750 , 37 kids sunscreens got a rating of 7 to 10 ( higher is n't better ) , and there are 13 you would n't slather on your worst enemy 's kid . Remember the Coppertone baby ? Let 's just say that that particular brand of sunscreen is n't saving their ass . Here 's the quick guide to what you need to know :
Sunscreen SPF Values Are Pretty Much Made Up — At least above 50 , which is where the Food and Drug Administration says SPF benefits max out . The European Commission , Japan , and Australia all ban higher numbers . America has seen a rise in product over SPF 70 , from 10 in 2007 to 61 in 2010 .
Sunscreen Sprays Are The Worst — The FDA says aerosol may not be a safe or effective delivery method as it can easily push sunscreen chemicals into the lungs , which is not where they 're supposed to go . But did you listen ? No , because there 's been a 25 percent increase in spray sunscreens . Also , there 's also no data suggesting that sprays provide the necessary coverage on dry skin , let alone your squirmy , fresh-from-the-ocean kid .
Before you go all , “ You had ONE job , sunscreen ! ” the guide does offer some 200+ quality options . To arrive at their recommendations , EWG rated products on 5 factors : Health hazards , UVB protection , UVA protection , balance of UVB and UVA protection , and sunscreen stability . Those ratings were dumped into a formula and judged by a 9-person panel of scientists , consumer analysts , and other super smart data nerds . So if you 're determined to hit the beach or , you know , let your kid play outside this summer ( you rebel , you ) , these are your best options :
Best Sunscreen For Babies
Adorable Baby SPF 30+ Sunscreen
Buy Now $ 20
California Baby Super Sensitive Broad Spectrum SPF 30+
Buy Now $ 25
Hampton Sun For Baby ! SPF 45
Buy Now $ 28
ADVERTISEMENT
Best Sunscreen For Kids
Kiss My Face Kids Natural Mineral Sunblock Lotion SPF 30
Buy Now $ 15
BurnOut Kids Sunscreen Lotion , SPF 35
Buy Now $ 14
Sunology Natural Sunscreen , Kids , SPF 50
Buy Now $ 12
ADVERTISEMENT
Best Sunscreen for Adults
Badger Sport Sunscreen Cream , Unscented , SPF 35
Buy Now $ 14
BurnOut Ocean Tested Physical Sunscreen , SPF 30
Buy Now $ 13
Beyond Coastal Natural Lip & Face Screen , SPF 31
Buy Now $ 6
ADVERTISEMENT
Just got back from another trip to Timeline Arcade .
New machines : Mr . Do ! , Baby Pac-Man
Broken machines : Asteroids ( has been inoperable since my last trip in October ) , Space Invaders ( was down most of the night and then brought back to life ) & Space Harrier ( card reader was n't working )
Just be advised that there is one bathroom in the place and to lock the door behind you when you 're using it . I went to take a leak and saw someone in jeans and sneakers in the stall so I figured it was a dude . Some elderly woman opens the door to the stall and sees me taking a leak . They hid in the stall until I left .
Spent most of my time playing Baby Pac-Man , Gorf , Space Duel , Star Wars , Lunar Rescue and Kangaroo . Played the Stern Star Trek pinball as well . Kicked my son 's butt at the basketball game where you shoot hoops for points . We also played Maze Craze on the 2600 .
Place was packed tonight . By far the busiest I 've seen the place since I 've been going to this location ( which is at least 4 times this year ) . Good to see .
And people do spend time playing the console games old and new : Xbox , WiiU , NES and 2600 were all being played while I was there .
I wish they would get the broken games fixed : Pole Position has been the same for years with screwed up graphics . Asteroids ( a game I look forward to playing each visit ) has been down for at least 6 weeks .
A man fell from the Key Bridge into the icy Potomac River over the weekend and lived to tell the tale .
A man fell from the Key Bridge into the icy Potomac River over the weekend and lived to tell the tale .
Arlington first responders got a call for a man who fell or jumped from the bridge around 11:30 a.m. on Sunday . Fire department personnel determined that the man was on the D.C. side of the bridge and responded to the Key Bridge Boathouse .
There , they found that a civilian had seen the man in the water and used a kayak to bring them to shore , according to Arlington County Fire Department spokesperson Lt. Sarah-Maria Marchegiani .
The 32-year-old man was transported to George Washington University Hospital for “ minor injuries. ” Marchegiani could not say whether the man 's plunge into the Potomac was deliberate or accidental .
Flickr pool photo by Alex
Stephen Hawking , everyone 's favourite intellectual ( they made a movie about him ! ) , has said that right now is perhaps “ the most dangerous moment in the development of humanity ” thanks to automation .
Yeah , lots of people have cried doom but when it 's Stephen Hawking , you tend to listen .
And what makes this potentially the most dangerous moment ? Is it AI run amok ? Out of control climate change ? An asteroid on a collision course with Earth ?
Nope , it 's employment .
“ The automation of factories has already decimated jobs in traditional manufacturing , and the rise of artificial intelligence ( AI ) is likely to extend this job destruction deep into the middle classes , with only the most caring , creative or supervisory roles remaining . ”
Hawking wrote that in an article in Britain 's The Guardian newspaper .
It 's about automation , and I suppose AI , but not in the cold , killer robot way Hollywood has conditioned us to think about AI .
It 's a deadlier , more real AI . The AI that takes your job and does it better and cheaper than you ever could .
A joint Oxford University and Citibank report from 2016 noted that automation could mean 35 % of jobs in Britain could be lost , 47 % in the United States , and 77 % in China . Separate findings say this number could be around 43 % in Malaysia .
Yet most people look at automation as something that is happening in the future , and only 13 % of Malaysians were in fear of losing their job to automation ( Randstad 's Employer Brand Research ) . But automation is already happening .
Even doing a search about automation taking jobs focuses on the future . But the reality is clear . If your job is routine , it can be automated . And jobs are already being lost . Already have been lost . In fact , since 1991 jobs in employment deemed routine are on the decrease in the United States .
Great ! I do n't work in a routine job . Well , even if it 's non-routine , advances in artificial intelligence could make non-routine jobs doable by automated methods too . Do n't be so smug . I 'm under no illusion that in 20 years some AI ca n't write this column .
But does automation take away jobs and create smarter jobs ? Eric Schmidt , former Google CEO , thinks so . Their worry is that high skill jobs will be created that wo n't be filled . Is this the truth ? Possibly . Reality is probably somewhere in the middle of job creation , people having to transition and not being able to , and a loss of employment .
But that 's not what Hawking is really worried about .
“ We are living in a world of widening , not diminishing , financial inequality , in which many people can see not just their standard of living , but their ability to earn a living at all , disappearing . ”
There is no question we live in a world of widening inequality . The majority of us struggle day to day while the rich get ever richer , and Hawking feels that automation could push that already tense situation to a breaking point .
They cite the election of Donald Trump as US President , and Brexit ( Britain 's highly divisive vote to leave the European Union ) as evidence that people are being pushed to make extreme choices because they no longer feel that they can succeed adequately in society . What if the inequality gets worse ?
Hawking further states that “ the Internet and the platforms that it makes possible allow very small groups of individuals to make enormous profits while employing very few people . This is inevitable , it is progress , but it is also socially destructive . ”
Hawking is absolutely right .
But are n't we missing the point here ?
Is n't technology , ie automation and AI , supposed to make our lives better ? Not just empower the already powerful ?
In my view , automation and AI taking our menial jobs and leaving only the jobs as Hawking says are the most “ caring and creative ” should n't be the most dangerous time of human development , it should mean we are on the cusp of something incredible .
We 're on the edge of a time when increasing amounts of labour , labour we need to be done , can be completed by machines . Meaning we 're free to be creative , to research , to solve . AI and automation should be looked on as the means to casting off the yoke of tedious work .
But instead we fear it .
I know this sounds idealistic but consider the reality .
Human development culminates in machines that do all our work and the majority of the world falls into economic despair . That is utter stupidity . But that is where we 're headed .
If Hawking 's fears are not to be realised we need to change how the system works . Change how we live .
Cut the work week to 20 hours . Implement a universal basic income so people are not struggling to live with a lack of work . Encourage people to create and care . Encourage them to be of use to each other .
Yes , yes , yes , I know this all sounds exceedingly tree-hugging .
I 'm not an economist or a futurist , and maybe I 'm being simple minded when I say this : our technology is supposed to help us , so let 's let automation and AI do that , instead of turning them into the enemy .
And then we can look forward to a time when automation takes our jobs .
Avid writer Jason Godfrey has worked internationally for two decades in fashion and continues to work in dramas , documentaries , and lifestyle programming . Write to them at star2 @ thestar.com.my .
The Ink Block development , at the site of the former home of the Boston Herald , was a turning point for the neighborhood .
Yet another blockbuster residential project is being proposed for a once scrappy section of the South End that is fast-becoming one of the hottest new places to live in Boston .
Longtime Boston-based developer Leggat McCall Properties wants to build 700 new apartments in a high-rise mixed-used complex that would take shape near Boston Medical Center along the Harrison Avenue corridor .
The apartments will take shape in two new buildings ranging in height from 11 to 19 stories , according to a letter of intent the developer filed with the Boston Redevelopment Authority late Thursday afternoon .
The ground floor of the new apartments would feature a mix of artist live-work space , a gallery and possibly a restaurant as well .
Leggat McCall 's proposed Harrison/Albany Street development is the latest in a series of projects that are fast transforming what was once a section of the city known for half-empty warehouses , large tracts of surface parking and grungy street life .
In the late 1990s and early 2000s developers began snapping up some of the neighborhood 's older industrial and warehouse buildings , turning them into pricey lofts , condos and apartments .
National Development 's deal to buy the Boston Herald building was a turning point , with the hulking red brick newspaper plants and offices now gone , replaced with sleek new high-end residences and a Whole Foods in a development named the Ink Block .
Leggat McCall began work on its big apartment proposal late last year , when it bought a collection of buildings on a three-acre site from Boston Medical Center .
The developer plans to tear down three of the buildings on the site of 125 and 75 East Dedham and 100 East Canton – while renovating 575 Albany for use as part of the project .
A surface parking lot with 48 spaces will be replaced with an underground garage , with plans for open space and other amenities in and around the new apartments , the developer informed city officials .
“ Projects like that will go a long way to relieve pressure on Boston 's housing market – both on pricing and on inventory , '' said David Crowley , director of sales and marketing at Raveis Marketing Group in Boston .
Leggat McCall 's letter of intent to city development officials marks the kick off of the Boston Redevelopment Authority review process , which is likely to take several months to more than a year .
Related : A view of Boston from the top of the Millennium Tower :
Former Southampton and Huddersfield Town midfielder Oscar Gobern and German centre-back Christopher Schorch have both travelled with QPR on their pre-season trip to Italy .
The two trialists are among a 24-man party which also includes striker Charlie Austin , despite continued speculation over their future at the club .
Armand Traore is the only player missing with injury , as summer signings Massimo Luongo , Ben Gladwin , Jamie Mackie , Jay Emmanuel-Thomas and Sebastian Polter link up with their new team-mates .
Joining them will be Gobern , 24 , and Schorch , 26 , who are both free agents after leaving Huddersfield and MSV Duisburg respectively .
Rangers depart from Heathrow on Thursday afternoon ahead of a nine-day tour in Stresa , which includes friendlies against Shakhtar Donetsk , AS Monaco and Al Ittihad .
See also : ' A lot of talent and a great attitude ' - running rule over QPR trialists
Follow West London Sport on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
Throwaway for obvious reasons . I think I saw a similar post a while back but I ca n't find it or remember its title so forgive me if I 'm asking something which has already been answered .
A while back , I met a girl who at the time I thought was perfect LTR material , they were funny and nice , very feminine to the point where they rarely wore pants or jeans , always skirts and dresses , they liked feminine activities like cooking and ballroom dancing , they did n't act slutty , no tattoos or piercings , very few male friends and their relationship was n't lukewarm at best , all in all they were very girly and sweet but turned out to have a very masculine mindset later on .
They were frighteningly intelligent and perceptive , from the beginning of our relationship , I maintained a strong frame with abundance mentality and it seemed to work for the first week or so and then as if they knew exactly what I was thinking , they started fucking with me , they would suddenly change behaviors from very sweet to incredibly cruel in a short duration of time , for a while there I thought they had BPD and I started seriously thinking about ending things with her , they were scaring the fuck out of me , they would continue my lines for me , like when they say something teasing or slightly disrespectful , they would immediately say 'and this is the part where you say x ' and it would be something very close to what I had in mind to say and they did that with everything , I maintained my frame and treated the whole thing as a humongous shit test but I will be honest with you fellas , I was freaked out like a black guy in a horror movie , I was sure I would n't survive it and I have no idea how I did it , they had a baby face and they would say these creepy things with a doll smile that would n't falter . I confronted them about their games and they said 'but you started it honey , is I too much ? You ca n't handle it ? ' And I acted like I did n't care about what they do but that period of time with them defined mental exhaustion to me and it got to the point where I felt like one more word or action from them and I would shatter or explode , they were extremely sadistic and manipulative until one day out of the blue , they just decided to end it , said it was a 'fun ride ' and gave me a peck on the cheek then cut off all contact with me . I was weirded out , relieved but weirded out because I kept imagining their comong back and it screwed up my head for a while then I got myself together after doubling the time I spent at the gym . Things went well but last week , I got a package delivered for my birthday and it had a sex doll in it ( very realistic and expensive , she 's filthy rich but that 's besides the point ) , the card said this was their do-society-a-favor monthly task by removing me from the dating market so they provided a sex doll that 'does n't talk back and is always available ' ( echoing something I said before during one of their shit tests ) and 2 cards for cleaning and cooking services which 'will cost less than the money I spend on women monthly ' . I know she 's messing with me , all methods of contact with them are still closed but I ca n't get rid of the feeling of paranoia now , I practically live at the gym and it has n't helped , I feel mindfucked , how can I find a wayto slap me back to my senses ?
If you 're unhappy at work , I 'm sure that the thought “ Man , I really should quit ! ” crosses your mind occasionally .
So why do n't you ?
Even if you long desperately to quit , to get away from your horrible workplace , annoying co-workers or abusive managers , you may hesitate to actually do anything about it , because right on the heels of that impulse come a lot of other thoughts that hold you back from quitting .
Each of these excuses may sound to you like the voice of sanity , offering perfectly good reasons why it is in fact better to stay and endure that bad job just a little longer , but look a little closer , and they do n't really hold up . What they do instead is keep you trapped in a job that is slowly but surely wearing you down .
Here are 10 of the most common bad excuses for staying in a bad job .
# 1 “ Things might get better ”
That jerk manager might be promoted out of there . That annoying co-worker could quit.That mound of overwork could suddenly disappear .
On the other hand , things might also get worse . Or they might not change at all . If you 've already done your best to improve your job situations and nothing 's happened , just waiting around for things to improve by themselves make little sense .
# 2 “ My boss is such a jerk but if I quit now , they win . ”
Who cares . This is not about winning or losing , this is your life . Move on , already .
# 3 “ I 'm not a quitter . ”
Well guess what these somewhat successful people have in common : Larry Page , Sergey Brin , Tiger Woods , Reese Witherspoon , John McEnroe and John Steinbeck ?
Yep , they all dropped out of Stanford .
The old saying that “ Winners never quit and quitters never win ” is just plain wrong and leaving a bad job is just common sense .
# 4 “ I 'll never get another job ”
Well not if you stay in your current job while it slowly grinds you down , you wo n't ! Move on now while you still have some self-confidence , motivation and energy left .
# 5 “ If I quit I 'll lose my salary , status , company car , the recognition of my peers , etc . ”
Yes , quitting a job carries a price and that makes it scary . We all know this intimately .
But few of us ask this question : What is the price of staying in a job that makes you unhappy ?
That price can be very high . It can ruin your work life but also your marriage , your family life , your health , your self-esteem and your sanity . Not all at once , but a little bit every day .
# 6 “ Everywhere else is just as bad ”
That 's just nonsense . There are plenty of great workplaces in every industry .
# 7 “ I 've invested so much in this job already ”
You may have sacrificed a lot of time , energy and dignity already in attempts to make things better . This will make it more difficult for you to call it quits .
I 'm reminded of how Nigerian email scammers sucker in people . At first it 's a small investment , but then the amounts grow and grow . At each step the victim is reluctant to stop because that would mean losing all the money he 's spent so far .
Quit anyway . Staying on is just throwing good time after bad .
# 8 “ I 'll lose my health insurance . ”
I have a lot of sympathy for this argument . Where I live ( Denmark ) , everybody gets free health care regardless of their employment situation so I ca n't imagine the leverage this must give employers .
One answer : Start looking for another job with similar health benefits .
Also : Ask yourself what good job related health insurance is if your job is actually making your sick – which bad jobs can absolutely do .
# 9 “ My job pays very well ”
I have zero sympathy for this argument . I do n't care how well your job pays ; if it makes you unhappy it 's not worth it .
Quite the contrary , if you make a lot of money now , use that financial security to quit and find a job that 'll make you happy .
# 10 “ Quitting will look bad on my CV ”
Whereas staying for years in a job that grinds you down and goes nowhere will look excellent .
The upshot
Many of us would be much happier at work if we quit bad jobs sooner . I 've talked to many people who have finally managed to quit a bad job and only wished they 'd done it sooner . I have yet to meet a single person who quit a crappy job only to wish they 'd stayed on longer .
You may have perfectly good reasons to stay in your crappy job – all I 'm saying is that it pays to examine those reasons very closely to make sure that they hold up .
‘ Cause it may just be the fear talking .
Your take
What do you think ? Have you ever been stuck in a lousy workplace ? What kept you from leaving ? What finally made you quit ? Please write a comment , I 'd love to hear your take .
Related posts
Thanks for visiting my blog . If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work . It 's great and it 's free : - )
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
GRAND FORKS , N.D.- In just its second season in the Big Sky Conference , the University of North Dakota has claimed the league 's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Tournament by virtue of its 72-55 win over Montana at the Betty Engelstad Sioux Center in the Big Sky Championship game Saturday afternoon . Sophomore Mia Loyd was named the tourney 's Most Valuable Player after a 10-point , seven-rebound effort tonight .
Senior Madi Buck was also named to the all-tournament team . Montana 's Kellie Cole and Torry Hill joined them along with Southern Utah 's Hailey Mandelko and Idaho State 's Lindsey Reed .
UND never trailed in the tournament , jumping out to a 19-2 advantage in the semifinals Friday and securing a quick 10-1 lead in Saturday 's championship . A raucous crowd of 1,937 helped push a wave of momentum that had Montana searching for answers early .
Hill was the Lady Griz ' answer for most of the game , pouring in a game-high 21 points including timely three-pointers , four for the game . They nailed three triples in the first half to help keep it close as North Dakota had a 35-27 advantage at the break .
Coming out of halftime , Hill had a conventional three-point play to slice the deficit to a half-dozen , but North Dakota followed with a 9-2 spurt to fend off any shift in game flow . Freshman Leah Szabla scored a jumper then finished on a fastbreak layup to push the lead back to double digits where it remained throughout .
The North Dakota advantage grew to 20 on a deep triple from Makailah Dyer , but the Lady Griz had one final push . Montana trimmed the deficit down to 10 with just over four minutes left when Siri Burck helped ice the game . Them wide-open three from the top of the key followed by a fastbreak bucket put the game out of reach as North Dakota improved its home record to 15-1 this season .
Four different UND players finished with double figures in scoring , led by 14 from Buck . Loyd added two assists and two steals to their stat sheet in the win while Szabla recorded 10 points , four steals and three assists . Allyssa Wall charted 10 points to go along with six rebounds and Emily Evers had eight points and 10 boards in the win . Kelsey Knox added seven assists with just one turnover .
Hill had 22 of Montana 's 55 points before exiting late in the game with a knee injury . They tallied three assists , three rebounds and three steals as well . Maggie Rickman had seven points and four rebounds for the Lady Griz , who finish the season at 22-10 overall .
UND ( 22-9 ) will find out its opponent in the NCAA Tournament when the Selection Show announces the 64-team field Monday night at 6:00 p.m. Central on ESPN . Fans and media are encouraged to join the team from the Ground Round in Grand Forks for the live unveiling .
Notes : The UND women 's basketball team is the first to advance to the NCAA Tournament among its sports competing in the Big Sky Conference ... UND is 8-0 this season when Wall scores in double figures ... North Dakota shot 57.1 percent from the floor , second-best of the season ... UND has doubled its win total from a season ago ( 11 ) .
The case is about whether the New York City Board of Health has the authority to regulate restaurants in ways that protect the health of the City 's residents , over the fierce objections of some of the world 's biggest corporations , the soda companies . And , more important , whether the Board can protect New Yorkers from many other current and future health hazards , from unsafe conditions on the city 's beaches to toxic chemicals in food or water .
Established in 1805 , the New York City Board of Health was , for most of the 1800s , composed of the mayor and the Common Council—the predecessor to today 's City Council . After epidemics of cholera and dysentery between the 1830s and 1860s , it became clear that these local elected officials were unsuited to preventing epidemics ; the council was then restructured into a committee of appointed officials led by physicians . It retains that basic structure now .
As laid out in the City Charter in New York State law , the Board of Health has the authority to issue regulations that protect New Yorkers from all health threats , including chronic diseases . Over the decades , the BOH has responded to the emerging health threats of each era , requiring reporting of cases of tuberculosis in 1897 , banning lead paint in homes in 1960 , and requiring landlords to install window guards in buildings to protect toddlers from falls in 1976 .
The Board has regulated restaurants for decades , and its rules can be very intrusive . Just ask any restaurant manager what they think about the health department 's inspectors fining them for having a cutting board with deep grooves or a gap under the doorframe big enough to fit a mouse . None of those rules to reduce the risk of food poisoning , though , would prevent nearly as much disease as a reduction in consumption of sugary drinks , which is a key driver of the twin epidemics of obesity and diabetes that are killing some 100,000 Americans a year .
Over the last few decades , soda companies have learned a puzzling but well-established fact of human nature : When beverages are served in larger containers , people just drink more . When McDonald 's opened in the 1950s , the only size of sugary drink sold was seven ounces . Now , a “ medium ” at McDonald 's is three times as large at 21 ounces and a “ small ” is 16 .
Pumping up container sizes is not the only marketing technique soda companies and chain restaurants used to nearly triple the consumption of soda between the 1970s and 2000 , but it 's a powerful one . And that 's why they are fighting the portion rule ferociously .
To the surprise of those of us that worked on the rule , the lower courts have ruled with the soda companies , saying that the Board of Health does not have the authority to set limits on container sizes . The lower-court rulings were shockingly broad . The first-level court ( called the Supreme Court in New York State ) ruled that the Board of Health only had jurisdiction over diseases that were “ communicable , infectious , and pestilent. ” The Appellate Division decided that the Board could not pass rules in any area unless specifically directed to do by the City Council .
With this weekend 's announcement of Battlefield 1 dominating the newsosphere , it put us to considering whether this could be the game to finally topple Dark Souls 3 from the top of things people will click on if we write a headline like that . It 's okay , people do n't read this bit – they start at 1 ) below .
1 ) Dark Souls 3 leans more heavily on allegories to do with the Vietnam War
World War One is a surprisingly under-explored topic for video games , with the much more arcade-friendly World War Two : Axis Vs Allies proving the most fertile ground for gaming experiences . FromSoftware took a rather naive step in their attempt to explore elsewhere , picking very obvious allegories with the Americano-Vietnam war as its central theme , presumably in the belief that this would have it stand out from the conflict history crowd .
However , Battlefield 1 's move in the opposite direction could well prove to be the winning stroke , seeing Dark Souls 3 removed from its mantle in the process . More primitive weapons , rather than swords acting as metaphorical helicopters , will likely see the player given a far more gritty and realistic experience .
2 ) Demons do n't actually exist but World War One likely did
A criticism that most of the games media has hushed up is that Dark Souls 3 falls pretty short when it comes to realism . There 's no strong evidence for the existence of the Ashen One , and Lothric is still primarily considered to be mythical , with a huge lack of contemporaneous documentation .
However , The First World War is now widely accepted by most historians as likely to have occurred , making Battlefield 1 offer significantly more realism and authentic vehicles .
3 ) Dark Souls 3 is n't first-person
Battlefield 1 will very probably have first-person combat , while the Dark Souls 3 developers were only able to get as far as third .
4 ) Dice have had more goes at making Battlefield games
Battlefield 1 will be the 15th game in the Battlefield series , the first – Battlefield 1942 – released in 2002 . ( Some have previously been confused believing the first game to in fact be the one-thousand-nine-hundred-and-forty-second game in the series , but this title was of course due to an infamous labelling error at the games factory . Hence the new name still being free for this game . ) Whereas Dark Souls 3 is only the fourth game in its run , not including the Saturn 's The Mansion Of Hidden Souls . That means Dice have had nearly five times as many goes at practising making Battlefield games , and so are almost five times better at it . Sorry FromSoftware , get back to us in eleven Dark Souls time !
5 ) Dark Souls 3 is actually too hard
While FromSoftware have yet to release an official statement on the matter , it 's now widely recognised that the Dark Souls games are really , properly tricky . It 's jolly hard to kill even the early baddies , which is offputting to most gamers . No such mistake is likely from Dice , cleverly using human opponents instead of AI in order to prevent things from getting too tough . We also expect Dice to remember to keep opponents to the correct size , rather than the mismatched mess of scale discrepancies the entire Dark Souls series has featured . While the latter is likely to eventually be patched out of Dark Souls 3 , it 's likely too late for the game 's reputation .
Let us know why you agree , below !
Happy 10th Anniversary Oblivion ! Texture overhaul mod that gives the UI a TES4 aesthetic . Should be compatible with any UI mods that do n't change textures and in theory should work forever unless Zenimax changes way ui works.Special thanks to Circonians TextureIt as this probably wo n't exist without it.Considering the way replacing textures works it may cause some issues if you use it along with other texture replacing UI mods ( Skyrim/Morrowind Style UI , DarkUI , PadUI , etc ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Drag and drop `` OblivionStyleHud '' into your ESO addons folder. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
1.8
- Fixed some missing map icons
- Added new icons for stolen items and group members
- Font is now changed by the addon for simplicity , pawksickles no longer needed
1.7
- Added new icons for every single map and compass icon
- Added new quest icons
- Revamped some gamepad menus
- Added some new icons for gamepad
- Added new background for addon select and options menus
- Added new inventory icons for new quickslot and currency tabs
1.64
- API bump for Update 17
1.63
- API bump
1.62
- Fixed Compatibility with Minion
- Removed Dialogue menu border due to buginess ( for now )
1.61
- Updated for Homestead
- Added new furnishings icon
1.6
- Added new attributes and progress bar
- Added icon for Crown Crates
1.5
- Added new icons for the craftbag and inventory
- Added new UI for player interaction and quickslots
- Added ingame menu to enable and disabled addon
1.41
- Fixed overlay Character menu being squished
1.4
- Backgrounds remade with high res textures
- Added some unique elements to some menus
1.3
- New border for keys
- Added optional Compass , stealth eye , and crosshair for HUD
- Added Gamepad equivalent ( Not all icons are replaced though )
- Remade tool tips
1.21
- Fixed wrong folder name breaking entire mod
1.2
- Made the tooltip background darker so it 's easier to read
- Toned down the sepia on abilities so they 're clearer
- Fixed the icon for champion points
1.1
- New icons for main menu
- Tooltips redone in oblivion style
- Optional Oblivion style compass
- Cleaned up borders
- Some customization options
1.0
- Initial Release
The Surface Laptop is Microsoft 's latest foray into PC hardware , and reviews across the board have been overwhelmingly positive ... except for price considerations . If you noticed one consistency in those reviews it was the similar processor – Core i5-7200U with Intel HD620 graphics – that was tested . I was curious , however , about how the Core i7-7660U version stacked up regarding performance , battery life , and fan noise . Here is what I found .
Surface Laptop Core i7 performance comparison The Surface Laptop with Core i7 starts at $ 1,599 , and it features 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage , just like the specs in our Core i5 review unit . There is also an i7 version with 16GB of RAM and 512GB of storage for $ 2,199 that should be available on June 30 . See at Microsoft Store The two main differences between the Core i5 and Core i7 are clock speed for turbo frequencies and the more powerful graphics with the Intel Iris Plus 640 , both of which make the Core i7 well suited for power users . The cost difference is $ 300 between similar models for the extra RAM and storage . Part of that price difference is the Core i7 , which has a suggested price of $ 415 versus the $ 281 for the Core i5 .
Surface Laptop Core i5 vs . Core i7
Category Core i5-7200U Core i7-7660U Number of cores Two Two Number of threads Four Four TDP 15 W 15 W Base frequency 2.50 GHz 2.50 GHz Max turbo frequency 3.10 GHz 4.00 GHz Cache 3 MB SmartCache 4 MB SmartCache Graphics Intel HD 620 Intel Iris Plus 640
When it comes to graphics , the Iris Plus 640 has double the execution units – 48 – and features 64MB of eDRAM . The eDRAM is a big deal for performance and is completely lacking with the Intel HD 620 . That eDRAM also is likely what drives up the cost of the chip because that memory is not cheap . Likewise , the Graphics Max Dynamic Frequency jumps from 1.00 GHz to 1.10 GHz with the Iris Plus 640 . All of that effectively doubles the floating-point operations per second ( FLOPS ) from 384 to 730 in favor of Iris Plus . ( Floating point operations are used for computing scientific or real-time processing applications that crunch extremely long numbers ) .
CPU GPU CPU & GPU SSD CPU Taking a closer look at Geekbench 4.0 , which is more CPU-heavy than graphics-heavy , you can see a significant jump in performance between the Surface Laptop Core i7 over the Core i5 variant . Just as interesting is how the Surface Laptop 's Core i7 slightly outperforms the Surface Pro ( 2017 ) with a similar configuration . That difference is likely due to more aggressive power throttling ( more on that below ) . Geekbench 4.0 benchmarks ( higher is better ) Device CPU Single core Multi core Surface Laptop i7 i7-7660U 4,714 9,535 Surface Pro 2017 i7-7660U 4,513 9,346 Surface Book i7-6600U 3,977 7,486 Surface Laptop i5 i5-7200U 3,725 7,523 Surface Pro 4 i5-6300U 3,319 6,950 GPU While the Core i7 is faster than the Core i5 , you see a bigger gap on the OpenCL test that looks at graphics performance . Geekbench 4.0 OpenCL ( higher is better ) Device GPU Compute score Surface Laptop i7 Iris 640 31,010 Surface Book GTX 965M 64,108 Surface Pro 2017 Iris 640 30,678 Surface Laptop i5 HD620 19,256 Surface Book HD520 18,197 Surface Pro 4 HD520 17,395 The Intel Iris Plus 640 ( 31,010 ) makes significant gains on the HD620 ( 19,256 ) . While Iris Plus is not as powerful as a discrete GPU , it rivals the NVIDIA GT-940M ( 28,868 ) , even beating it slightly . Nonetheless , for gaming , the discrete GPU will perform better overall due to greater memory and bandwidth – see , for example , how the Surface Book with Performance Base ( GTX 965M ) doubles the Iris Plus for OpenCL . For short , intensive tasks the Iris Plus is excellent , especially for productivity . CPU & GPU PCMark ( Home Conventional 3.0 ) Device Score Comparison Surface Laptop i7 3,156 Better than 62 percent of all results Surface Pro 2017 i7 3,055 Better than 57 percent of all results Surface Laptop i5 2,494 Better than 40 percent of all results Again , for PCMark , the Surface Laptop with Core i7 beats all other mobile Surfaces including the similarly configured Surface Pro . SSD For those hoping the Core i7 version of the Surface Laptop would use a more powerful storage option , you will be disappointed . CrystalDiskMark ( higher is better ) Device Read Write Surface Laptop i7 486 MB/s 244 MB/s Surface Pro 2017 1,284 MB/s 963 MB/s Surface Book 1,018 MB/s 967 MB/s Surface Laptop i5 423 MB/s 237 MB/s Microsoft is using the same Toshiba ( THNSN0256GTYA ) solid-state drive ( SSD ) as the Core i5 variant at 256GB . It is not yet known if the 512GB Surface Laptop has a different drive , but since SSDs usually scale up in performance based on size , even if they 're the same type , it should be faster than at 256GB .
Real-world usage for running apps , games , and the OS feels fast with the Surface Laptop 's SSD , so it 's not a problem unless you do large file transfers . Microsoft faced new constraints with the Surface Laptop because storage , for the first time , is directly integrated into the motherboard instead of a separate module . That choice was made to save space , power , and add a larger battery . The tradeoff seems worth it . Overall , there are no caveats or surprises here . The Surface Laptop with Core i7 outperforms the Core i5 version significantly for both CPU and GPU . The Laptop 's higher scores compared to Surface Pro likely have to do with more agressive power limit throttling in the Pro due to its thinner and more compact chassis . Let 's now turn to throttling to see what happens there . Surface Laptop Core i7 stress test and throttling CPU thermal management is always a challenge , so the question of whether Microsoft is purposefully limiting the Core i7 on the Surface Laptop is a legitimate one . To find an answer , I ran Intel XTU 's stress test for 30 minutes on both the Core i5 and Core i7 Surface Laptops . Both power sliders were set to `` Best Performance '' with AC power to ensure the processors were maxing out . Microsoft is certainly not thermal throttling the Core i7 or Core i5 , but there is some occasional power limit throttling . Power limit throttling ( a.k.a . PL1 ) can be thought of as a skin temperature test that ensures the Surface does not get too hot to touch . It 's dependent on the manufacturer – Microsoft – setting an upper limit on how hot the Surface ( versus the processor ) should be allowed to get before the system reduces the power draw , reducing overall CPU speed .
Thermal throttling , however , is a reaction to extreme CPU temperatures . Once the CPU hits an upper limit , it reduces power to lower the processor speed and drop temperatures . Likewise , processor thermal throttling can have severe oscillations in performance , whereas power limit throttling is more consistent . It is important to note that almost all laptops do this to some degree . PL1 is also the reason why some people use a USB fan to cool the back of the Surface Pro . The limit is entirely dependent on the room temperature and how hot the laptop gets . By cooling the outside of the Surface , you can stave off the effects of power-limit throttling . The result is the Core i7 running at 100 percent CPU usage in a room about 78 degrees F ( 26 degrees C ) maintains between 3.2 GHz and 3.6 GHz , which is quite good . The Core i7 is rated for 15W TDP ( but can turbo higher ) , and it fluctuated between 11W and 16W during the entire 30-minute test . Had I done the same test in a cooler , air-conditioned room , the results would have been even better due to the Surface Laptop chassis 's ability to dissipate more heat efficiently . Heat and fan noise with the Surface Laptop Core i7 It should not be shocking to learn that the Surface Laptop runs hotter when configured with a Core i7 CPU versus the Core i5 model . Surface Laptop peak temperatures
Category Core i5-7200U Core i7-7660U Bottom of laptop 104° F / 40° C 113°F / 45° C Keyboard deck 102°F / 39° C 108° F / 42° C Exhaust vent 113° F / 45° C 120° F / 49° C
The Core i7 Surface Laptop gets significantly warmer on the aluminum bottom , keyboard deck and of course at the exhaust vent . While the temperatures were never extreme , the Core i7 after thirty minutes of 100 percent CPU usage – an unlikely scenario – pushes out more heat compared to the Core i5 . While you may not want to use the Core i7 Surface Laptop while wearing shorts during a 30-minute stress test , at least under regular usage there is no significant difference between the two . Both laptops easily stay well below 100 degrees F ( 38 degrees C ) and are comfortable to use .
For fan noise , the Core i7 is louder . While not as irritating as the Surface Pro 3 or Surface Pro 4 's infamous `` hiss , '' the fan was audible from three feet away during the 30-minute stress test . The Core i5 version , however , is still ridiculously quiet often requiring you to put your head near the exhaust just to hear it , even under load . In real world usage , both laptops are inaudible when browsing the web , using Windows Store apps , or doing productivity work . Even when under CPU load , like when playing a game or doing some light video editing , both laptops will be some of the quietest on the market . Nonetheless , if you value silence , the Core i5 version is an excellent choice because it almost seems fanless . Surface Laptop Core i7 battery life is great Testing battery life on a PC is rather difficult due to the extreme stepping technology that Intel uses , making it very task dependent . If running the processor at 100 percent you can run out of power in just a few hours . But that is not how most people use laptops . I did not find a radical difference in battery life with the Core i7 Surface Laptop compared to the Core i5 model . That result is likely because the type of computing I do – web browsing using Edge , writing in Microsoft Word , running Windows Store apps like Twitter , Adobe Photoshop Elements , Slack , and GroupMe – do not cause the i7 to run on the 4.00 GHz ceiling for long durations . For real-world usage , the Core i7 lasted me around eight hours , sometimes more , at 40 percent screen brightness and connected to Wi-Fi . Like the Core i5 version I never felt I had to carry the AC adapter – even if it 's adorably small with this generation of hardware .
Microsoft claims 14.5 hours of life , but that is a looped video test with no network connectivity . Companies do this for one reason : it 's a repeatable claim . Anyone can re-run that test and get the same result , whereas real-world usage varies widely by the user . Going to the other extreme is a run-down battery test like PCMark . That test , when set to accelerated , uses the CPU and GPU to continuously run looping tasks like photo editing , video chat , web browsing , and more , until the battery hits 20 percent . Here the results were surprising . With both displays set to 50 percent brightness and `` recommended '' for power usage , these are the results : PCMark 8 Home Battery Accelerated
Category Core i5-7200U Core i7-7660U Battery consumption Time Five hours and one minute Five hours and fifteen minutes 81 percent
In a battery run-down , the Core i7 lasted slightly longer than the Core i5 model . The result may be because the Core i7 just accomplishes its tasks faster , spending less time at peak turbo . The Core i5 and Core i7 also have similar base clock speeds . Keep in mind that the battery on both devices still had 19 percent left and could have squeezed out another hour or more , especially in battery saver mode . The bottom line is the Core i7 Surface Laptop gets comparable battery life to the Core i5 model assuming you 're not running it at 100 percent CPU for 100 percent of the time .
Now , instead of a precise and versatile set of scissors , which can cut any gene you want , you have a precise and versatile delivery system , which can control any gene you want . You do n't just have an editor . You have a stimulant , a muzzle , a dimmer switch , a tracker .
This matters because much of biology depends on how genes are used , rather than the sequences of those genes . Think of the genome as a script of a play : The same text can lead to vastly different productions depending on how lines are delivered , how sets are constructed , or how stage directions are interpreted . Likewise , we can use exactly the same sets of DNA to sculpt a muscle cell , a neuron , or a skin cell . By using CRISPR to finely control the activity of specific genes , we can better understand how our bodies do so naturally .
Scientists could turn on genes that cause heart muscles to expand after a heart attack , or silence genes that fuel the growth of cancers . “ Or let 's say you 've been exposed to a virus , ” says Jonathan Weissman from the University of California , San Francisco . Viruses typically begin their invasions by latching onto receptor molecules on our cells , and we know the genes that make many of these receptors . “ Turn those off , and now you 're immune to the virus . Your immune system can clear it . Then you turn the gene back on and you 're back to normal . ”
These are n't new concepts ; scientists have long tried to perform similar feats using other tools . CRISPR just makes things easier . Its potential was clear right from the start , when Jennifer Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier showed that they could use specific guide molecules to point the snip-happy Cas9 scissors at a specific target . “ We immediately thought : Well , let 's just break the scissors , ” says Weissman .
By the time Doudna and Charpentier published their now-classic 2012 paper detailing CRISPR 's potential as a gene editor , Weissman , Qi , and their colleagues ( Doudna included ) had already developed the dead Cas9 and were racing to find ways of using it . While the world was chatting about editing , they were working on control .
Their speed is a testament to the value of basic research , Weissman says . Others had studied the structure of scissor proteins like Cas9 , so the team already knew exactly what changes to make to blunt the enzyme . Others had studied enzymes that turn genes on or off , so the team could easily repurpose the relevant parts of these enzymes onto their own tools . “ Something like CRISPR explodes because there 's all this work that was done beforehand , ” says Weissman .
The team developed ways of using the blunted enzyme to switch genes off ( CRISPRi , where the i stands for interference ) or on ( CRISPRa , where the a stands for activation ) , or to tune their activity over a 1,000-fold range . They used these techniques to quickly and thoroughly screen human cells for genes that they need to grow , or to deal with a bacterial toxin . They also affixed the dead Cas9 with a glowing molecule , so they could track the locations of specific genes and film them as they move about living cells .
Is Trump-Russia collusion Drumbeat Pushing US into Another Cold War ?
Incessant carping from the media , the left and NeverTrump Republicans about still unproven Trump Russia collusion fills the pages of national newspapers and the endless hours of cable news panel discussions . We now have a special counsel with their team of Democrat loyalists scouring President Donald Trump 's life . Every Russian who ever bought a condo or a membership in a Trump property , even decades ago , may be the smoking gun evidence of collusion of some sort . At least that 's the plan . Trump and Putin at the G-20 Summit in Hamburg It 's becoming a McCarthyism redux , the 1950s all over again with a Soviet communist under every rock and behind every tree . This time it is being led by Democrats and the media , not by a Republican Senator . Not only were lives and careers destroyed , but a sense of paranoia developed against the Soviets . Much of it was justified as the Soviets were America 's geopolitical foe .
But the paranoia and communist obsession may have also driven US foreign policy including the Bay of Pigs and the Vietnam War . Our leaders make decisions based in part on national sentiment , including toward foreign adversaries . Flash forward from the 1950s to now . They are not the Soviets anymore but instead the Russians . Still a geopolitical adversary , but with new players on the scene including China and North Korea . Could the Russian collusion fervor being whipped up by the media be driving foreign policy ? Perhaps in negative ways and with unintended consequences ? This past week , the House and Senate reached an agreement to slap Russia with new sanctions . Not a close vote in the Senate like the recent Obamacare “ skinny repeal ” but instead a 98-2 landslide . Now the bill is headed to President Trump 's desk where they will almost certainly sign it into law . What choice do they have ? The merits of sanctions can be debated and I 'm not making an argument one way or the other on whether this is the right move at the right time . Instead the point is that the sudden anti-Russia fervor over unsubstantiated claims of Trump 's campaign colluding with the Russians to change the election outcome may be driving foreign policy . Potentially in the wrong direction . Predictably Russia is responding by expelling 755 US diplomats . Did we really need that many diplomats in Russia ? A question Rick Moran just posed in American Thinker . What is apparent is that this new anti-Russia fervor beginning the day after Trump 's election , a fantasy cooked up to explain Hillary Clinton 's unexpected electoral defeat , may be driving US foreign policy . To be sure , Russia is a bad player , but America has to contend with many other players on the global field . Some good , some bad , some neutral . Foreign policy decisions should be driven by what is in America 's interests , not as a reaction to partisan witch hunts . Otherwise the result is a resurrection of the cold war , the last thing we need . How likely is it now for Russia to work with us in areas where we do have common ground , such as the fight against Isis and Islamic terrorism ? Or in Syria ? After all , President Roosevelt worked with Joseph Stalin against a common enemy , Hitler . Despite America and the Soviets being geopolitical foes , FDR and Stalin forged a “ surprisingly warm relationship ” that “ helped to shape history. ” Historians may argue how positively the FDR-Stalin bromance affected the future , but at the time Hitler needed to be stopped , just as radical Islamic terrorism needs to be stopped today . Could Trump and Putin do the same ? Who knows ? But with the immense weight of a special counsel and nonstop media coverage of supposed Russian collusion , Trump has no choice but to treat Putin and the Russians harshly , deserved or not , strategic or not . How ironic that it 's the Democrats recreating another cold war after cozying up the Russians during the last one . From Bernie Sanders spending their honeymoon in the Soviet Union to Ted Kennedy secretly enlisting the Soviets to intervene in the 1984 presidential election to defeat Ronald Reagan . The latter representing true Russian collusion as opposed to the fantasy collusion of this past election . My fear is that left created a paranoia about the Russians that will lead President Trump to always take the hard line against them , whether warranted or not . Regardless of the best interests of American foreign policy . All to avoid playing into the meme that Trump is a Putin stooge , a puppet of the Russian government . They will go out of their way avoid any appearance of doing anything remotely beneficial to the Russians for fear of fueling the collusion story . If a married man is accused of flirting with a female coworker , they will go out of their way to keep their distance from or not working with their coworker to avoid playing into the accusation . Often to the detriment of the workplace . Which is why it 's time for Mueller and the left to put up or shut up . Either Trump and their campaign colluded with the Russians to alter the election outcome or they did not . Holding American foreign policy hostage to a partisan witch hunt , influencing the President to react and make ill-advised decisions due to the ongoing investigations , is bad for the country . Resurrecting the cold war is a dangerous path given potential consequences and the myriad other problems America faces that wo n't get their deserved attention . Brian C Joondeph , MD , MPS , a Denver based physician and writer . Follow them on Facebook , LinkedIn and Twitter .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Asteroids are shaken up as they pass nearby the Earth
The Earth `` changes the colour '' of asteroids by shaking them up as they pass , according to scientists . Researchers report that this solves the mystery of why the meteorites that land on the Earth often do not match the colour of asteroids in space . Previous research had already shown that the solar radiation in space reddens the the surfaces of asteroids . The new findings described in Nature journal , explain how they are `` re-surfaced '' as they pass close to Earth . Richard Binzel , professor of planetary sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , led this research . They explained to BBC News that their team used an infrared telescope to study the colour of asteroids in space , and compared that data to measurements taken from meteorites - chunks of asteroids that actually landed on Earth - that were examined in the lab . `` Most asteroids have reddish tinge , '' they said . `` The solar wind damages the minerals and turns them red - like sunburn . `` But when we look at the colour of meteorites , it 's very odd because [ in most cases ] it does n't match . '' Near-Earth asteroids are transformed by tidal forces when they come anywhere near our planet
Clark Chapman
Southwest Research Institute But , according to Professor Binzel , some asteroids that pass close to the Earth do not have this red tinge . These near-Earth asteroids match the meteorites that scientists collect and study here on Earth . `` As they get close to the Earth , it gives them earthquakes , '' they told BBC News . `` The earth just shakes it enough that the the rubble flips over - resurfacing it . '' Dr Clark Chapman , an astronomer from the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado , in the US explained that these asteroids were `` not monolithic , solid bodies '' , and were more like `` rubble piles '' . So on the surfaces of these rubble piles , rocks are shaken and turned over , to reveal a fresh , unweathered surface underneath . Dr Chapman , who was not involved in the study , wrote an accompanying article in Nature explaining its significance . They wrote that the observations provided `` proof that near-Earth asteroids are transformed by tidal forces when they come anywhere near our planet '' . Professor Binzel said that this helps scientists to perform a kind of colour-matching , using the shade of an asteroid to find out more about its trajectory and where it came from . `` For each case of a 'fresh ' asteroid , we can say it definitely came near the Earth , '' they said . And the 'old ' , red ones definitely did n't . `` Meteorites are samples from space and to make the most use of them , we need to know where they 're coming from . Now we can match the samples [ we have ] to where they came from in space . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
View source on Github
This is sixth article for the series of `` Improving the performance of Warp '' . Readers are supposed to read the following articles :
In this article , I will finally show you the results of `` ping-pong '' benchmarks .
Measuring one worker
My benchmark environment is as follows :
One `` 12 cores '' machine ( Intel Xeon E5645 , two sockets , 6 cores per 1 CPU , two QPI between two CPUs )
Linux version 3.2.0 ( Ubuntu 12.04 LTS ) , which is running directly on the machine ( i.e . without a hypervisor )
Target web servers are as follows :
mighty 2.7.1 : Mighty without performance improvements described in this series
mighty 2.8.2 : Mighty with performance improvements described in this series
nginx 1.2.4 : the current stable version of nginx
acme-pong : the pong program included in the acme-http package
Mighty 2.8.1 includes all improvements which I descried so far except the http-types hack . `` acme-pong '' is not a practical web server . It is a reference implementation to determine the upper-bound on Haskell web-server performance .
I tested several benchmark tools in the past and my favorite one is httperf . I used httperf for the benchmark in this article :
httperf -- hog -- num-conns 1000 -- num-calls 100 -- rate 100000 -- server 127.0.0.1 -- port 8000 -- uri /
This means that 1,000 HTTP connections are established and each connection sends 100 requests . To my experience , we can think that `` rate 100,000 '' is the maximum request rate .
For all requests , the same index.html file is returned . I used nginx 's index.html whose size is 151 bytes . As `` 127.0.0.1 '' suggests , I measured web servers locally . I should have measured from a remote machine but I do n't have suitable environment at this moment .
httperf is a single process program using the select ( ) system calls . So , if target web servers can utilize multi cores , it reaches its performance boundary . Andreas suggested weighttp to me as an alternative . It is based on the epoll system call family and can use multiple native threads . I used weighttp as follows :
weighttp -n 100000 -c 1000 -t 3 -k http : //127.0.0.1:8000/
Like httperf 's case , 1,000 HTTP connections are established and each connection sends 100 requests . Additionally , 3 native threads are spawn .
Since Linux has many control parameters , we need to configure the parameters carefully . You can find a good introduction about Linux parameter tuning in ApacheBench & HTTPerf .
I carefully configured both Mighty and nginx as follows :
using file descriptor cache
no logging
no rate limitation
Here is the result of benchmarks for one worker :
Y-axis means throughput whose unit is requests per second . Of course , the larger , the better . What I can see from these results are :
Mighty 2.8.2 is better than Mighty 2.7.1
nginx has better throughput than Mighty 2.8.2 . The result of weighttp and that of httperf are very different . I do n't know why .
has better throughput than Mighty 2.8.2 . The result of and that of are very different . I do n't know why . acme-pong suggests there would be more room that we can improve the performance of Mighty/Warp .
Measuring multiple workers
Since multi-cores is getting more popular , benchmarks for multiple workers would be interesting . Due to the performance limitation , we can not use httperf for this purpose . Since my machine has 12 cores and weighttp uses three native threads , I measured web servers from one worker to eight workers ( to my experience , three native thread is enough to measure 8 workers ) . Here is the result :
X-axis is the number of workers and y-axis means throughput whose unit is requests per second . `` mighty 2.8.2 '' ( blue ) increases workers using the prefork technique while `` mighty 2.8.2 -Nx '' ( orange ) increases capabilities with the `` -RTS -Nx '' option . My observations are :
nginx does not scale if the number of workers is larger than 5 .
does not scale if the number of workers is larger than 5 . Mighty 2.8.2 with the prefork technique does scale at least for 8 workers
Increasing capabilities of GHC 's threaded RTS can not utilize multi cores if the number of capabilities is larger than 3 .
Also , Andreas and I measured Mighty 2.8.2 with Andreas 's parallel IO manager . We had very good results but I do n't think it is the proper time to show the results . I hope we can open our results in the future .
With excessive packaging increasingly coming under fire , is it any wonder that one ingenious store decided to do away with it altogether ?
While recycling certainly plays a part in reducing packaging waste , a vast amount of potentially recyclable material still ends up as landfill , and newer sustainable and bio-degradable packaging options are not an immediate solution , still requiring significant energy to produce .
In the US , up to 40 % of the cost of food can be attributed to the packaging alone and whilst previous generations often cleaned their purchased containers and re-used them ( remember your grandmother 's cupboard of old vegemite and jam jars ? ) most modern packaging is intended to be single-use and disposable .
These concerns have led many eco-minded consumers to embrace stores that allow for bulk-bin buying options of staples such as grains , nuts , fruit etc , though these are still often accompanied by rolls of plastic bags . Some stores have recognised this as an issue and have adopted strict paper-bag only policies .
But now a grocery store in Austin , Texas has gone one step further and removed any kind of packaging from their entire range of products .
in.gredients aims to promote sustainability on all levels by providing pure food that is packaging-free .
The store is made up mostly of bulk bins containing staples such as rice , beans , flour , cereals , spices , nuts , coffee , tea and the like , whilst bulk vats dispense honey , maple syrup , oil , tamari and even dishwashing liquid . Other options like meat , eggs and fruit are kept refrigerated and are all local and organic .
Store manager Brian Nunnery calls in.gredients a “ grocery store in scope , but a convenience store in scale ” .
`` We have everything , but only one brand of most things , not 50 brands of each item like a conventional store . ''
Shoppers are required to bring their own containers , ensuring that the message of sustainability is carried into customers everyday lives and they become aware of what can be re-used .
Looks like grandma 's old jam jars could start coming in handy if this trend catches on .
Photo by John Anderson
Coming Soon
Love Alarm
A software developer creates an app that alerts users if anyone nearby harbors romantic feelings for them . Adapted from the popular web cartoon .
The Stand Off
In 1969 , L.A. 's newly formed SWAT team attempts to raid the Black Panther Party headquarters , resulting in an intense face-off that lasts for hours .
KAOS
This genre-bending series puts a modern twist on Greek and Roman mythology , exploring themes of gender politics , power and life in the underworld .
Twelve Forever
Twelve-year-old Reggie 's desire to remain a child is so powerful that it opens up a fantasy world where they never has to grow up .
Jinn
When a girl accidentally releases a jinn in the form of a teenage boy , they learn they 've also unleashed an ancient darkness that threatens the world .
Sweet Magnolias
Maddie Townsend has a lot on their plate -- including three kids , a cheating husband and one unlikely suitor who has everyone in town talking .
Elisa & Marcela
In 1901 in Galicia , Spain , Elisa Sánchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry another woman , Marcela Gracia Ibeas . Based on true events .
Maya and the Three
A Mesoamerican warrior princess embarks on a quest to recruit three legendary fighters to help save the world of gods -- and humankind .
The Railroad Worm gets its name from the eleven pairs of luminescent yellow organs that look like the lit windows of a midnight train . Additionally , this fascinating bioluminescent creature has two more organs on its head that glow red . However , due to film equipment lacking the right low light capabilities to properly capture the bioluminescence in action as it appears in the wild , the Railroad Worm had never been filmed . That is , until the second episode of Planet Earth II entitled `` Jungle '' when filmmakers used the low light monster that we , in the Alpha Universe , know as the Sony α7S .
Vox went behind the scenes to see how night shots of Planet Earth II were filmed . In the video below , they explain what makes the α7S such a valuable asset in these low conditions . `` The Sony α7S has a full-frame 35mm sensor but it actually has fewer megapixels than most comparable cameras . That means each pixel is bigger and can take in more light . They 've also engineered two steps of noise reduction to keep the image cleaner .... Now it 's opening up new opportunities for filmmakers . ''
Emma Napper , a producer on Planet Earth II , is heard describing the benefits of the α7S 's versatility . `` We can now put it on drones , we can take it underwater , and suddenly I think there 's a lot of animal behavior which we 'll be able to reveal using that camera . ''
Vox concludes that `` ... as long as engineers keep innovating , filmmakers will keep finding new ways of revealing the beauty and diversity of planet Earth . ''
OMAHA , Nebraska ( Reuters ) - The United States on Sunday marks the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln signing the Homestead Act , the law that gave away 270 million acres of land and transformed the vast American interior .
Representatives from 30 states will take part in a ceremony at the National Monument of America in the Nebraska town of Beatrice , representing the states where nearly 2 million people each received 160 acres of free land under the program .
The monument is the site of what is considered the nation 's first claim under the act by Daniel Freeman , a Union Army scout , on January 1 , 1863 .
The law , signed by Lincoln in the midst of the Civil War , led to a rush of European settlement of Plains states such as Nebraska for farming , and the emergence in the 19th century of what some historians called the “ breadbasket of the world . ”
Some 93 million Americans , or nearly a third of the U.S. population , are descended from “ homesteaders. ” They include comedian Whoopi Goldberg , band leader and television personality Lawrence Welk , agricultural chemist George Washington Carver , U.S . Senator Bill Nelson of Florida and former University of Nebraska football coach Tom Osborne .
Individuals , including immigrants , women and former slaves , were eligible for the 160 acres . Applicants received a deed to the land after living on it for five years and cultivating crops .
Only 40 percent , or 1.6 million homesteaders , improved on their claims and earned a patent , or deed of title , for the land from the federal government .
RARE DISPLAY
Descendants of homesteaders will carry state flags , among them Harry Alford , president and chief executive of the National Black Chamber of Commerce in Washington . Alford is a descendant of Louisiana homesteaders .
The events coincide with a rare public display of the Homestead Act . The four-page document is on loan from the National Archives in Washington through May 28 .
Visitors from more than 40 states and Mexico , Germany , Japan , the Netherlands and England have viewed the document since it went on display at the monument in April .
“ It 's neat to see people excited about a part of American history , a document that had a profound impact on the nation and world , ” said Mark Engler , monument superintendent .
Not everyone benefited from the Homestead Act . Engler said the law accelerated the removal of Native Americans from some states , especially across the Plains . With few exceptions , they were not allowed to homestead until 1924 , when Native Americans were able to become U.S. citizens .
The act was in effect for 123 years . Homesteading ended in the continental United States in 1976 . It ended in Alaska in 1986 . In addition to the American West , homesteading took place in the South because land confiscated from plantation owners after the Civil War was deemed public land . Texas had no homesteading because it did not have federal public land .
Engler said the Homestead Act contributed to the expansion of the U.S. economy , spurred immigration and advanced transportation and communications networks .
Relax . Artificial intelligence is making our lives easier , but wo n't be a threat to human existence , according to panel of practitioners in the space .
`` One of the biggest misconceptions today about autonomous robots is how capable they are , '' said Brenna Argall , faculty research scientist at the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago , during a Chicago Innovation Awards event Wednesday .
`` We see a lot of videos online showing robots doing amazing things . What is n't shown is the hours of footage where they did the wrong thing , '' they said . `` The reality is that robots spend most of their time not doing what they 're supposed to be doing . ''
The event at Studio Xfinity drew about 200 people , who mingled among tech exhibits before contemplating killer robot overlords .
Stephen Pratt , a former IBM employee who was then responsible for the global implementation of Watson , also was quick to swat down the notion that machines are poised to run the world .
The tech instead gives better ways to improve services , products and business , they said — besting humans in applications dealing with demand predictions , pricing , inventory , retail promotion , logistics and preventive maintenance .
`` Amplifying human intelligence , and overcoming human cognitive biases — I think that 's where it fits , '' said Pratt , founder and CEO of business consultancy Noodle.ai . `` Humans are really bad probabilistic thinkers and statisticians . That 's where cognitive bias creeps in and , therefore , inefficiencies and lost profit . ''
But machines wo n't replace humans when it comes to big-picture decisions , they said .
`` Those algorithms are not going to set the strategy for the company . … It 'll help you make the decision once I come up with the idea , '' Pratt said . `` But any executive that does n't have a supercomputer in the mix now on their side — and they 're stuck in the spreadsheet era — your jobs are going to be in jeopardy in a few years . ''
It 'll be up to machines to decipher those spreadsheets anyway , as so much data is being collected it would be overwhelming for humans to understand , said Kris Hammond , co-founder of Chicago AI company Narrative Science .
`` We 're no longer looking at a world with a spreadsheet with 20 columns and 50 rows . We 're now looking at spreadsheets of thousands of columns and millions of rows , '' said Hammond , founder of the University of Chicago 's Artificial Intelligence Laboratory . `` The only way we can actually understand what 's going on in the world is to have systems that look at that data , understand what they mean and then turn it into something we can understand . ''
Mike Shelton , technical director for Microsoft 's Azure Data Services , said it 's also a time saver .
`` What I see every day is it 's giving time back , '' they said . `` Through an AI interface , I can ask a question in speech or text and get a response through that without having to go search for a web page or hunt for information . ''
Julie Friedman Steele ⇒ , CEO of the World Future Society , said their organization is focusing on the advances that could be made using AI in education , where teachers in crowded classrooms ca n't give much attention to students individually .
`` As a human , can you actually learn all the knowledge that you might have a student interested in learning ? '' said Steele , who 's also CEO and founder of The 3D Printer Experience . `` I 'm not talking about there not being a human in the room and it 's all robots . I 'm just saying that there 's an opportunity in education with artificial intelligence … so that if a teacher does n't know something , it 's OK . ''
Cheryl V. Jackson is a freelance writer .
Twitter @ cherylvjackson
Jeremy Corbyn visited Thurrock on Saturday . Credit : PA
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says the party will not tolerate antisemitism following criticism that they did not address the issue strongly enough in their keynote speech at conference . Mr Corbyn pointed to rule changes supported by delegates which show Labour is serious about tackling prejudice . `` We put forward a very clear , very specific anti-racism policy rule and rule change that has gone through , '' they said . `` We will not tolerate antisemitism , or any other kind of racism , in our party . ''
Labour are having a major day of campaigning . Credit : PA
As the Conservative Party Conference gets underway in Manchester , Labour are having a major campaign push in marginal seats . Many of Labour 's frontbenches set out across the country in what the party is calling a `` day of hope '' . Mr Corbyn themselves visited Thurrock in Essex , which the Tories hold with a majority of just 345 . The Labour leader used the trip to say their party are ready for power . They said : `` We are campaigning in regions and nations across the UK , setting out our message of hope for the country . `` Labour is ready - ready to provide hope for young people held back by lack of opportunity , for pensioners anxious about health and social care , for public servants trying to keep services together and for low and middle-earners , the self-employed and employed , facing insecurity and squeezed living standards . ''
Corbyn recently spoke for 90 minutes at Labour conference . Credit : PA
Most people think of the Cannes film festival as a home for daring arthouse cinema and A-list actors . But , deep in the bowels of the Palais des Festivals , there is another Cannes that no one talks about , where distributors desperately try to hawk awful-sounding movies that may not actually exist , with awful-looking posters full of has-beens and never-weres . Here 's the pick of the worst films at the festival this year . Pray you never have to sit through any of these …
Tsunambee
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tsunambee … there 's a sting in the tale .
The Syfy channel 's third law of straight-to-TV disaster movies states that an animal must be twinned with a dangerous weather event to create a half-decent pun in the title or you might as well not bother . So , following Sharknado is Tsunambee , which… does n't really make sense , does it ? Would n't the bees drown along with everyone else in a giant tidal wave ? Oh , I 've actually bothered to read the blurb and it turns out that the wave creates “ giant gravity swells that contain thousands of giant killer bees , intent on ushering in the end of the world ” . Which makes perfect sense , in that case .
Guillaume : La Jeunesse Du Conquérant ( Young William the Conqueror )
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sub-Norman … Young William the Conqueror
Which aspect of the life and times of William the Conqueror would best be turned into a film ? The conquering , perhaps ? Apparently not . This focuses on Willy Conk 's upbringing in Normandy , land of rain and underwhelming school trips . Guy Ritchie just tried the same origin story thing with King Arthur and , well , it did n't go down brilliantly .
Bunnyman Vengeance
Bunnyman Vengeance … these bad guys are hopping mad .
“ Inspired by true events , ” screams the poster . I do n't know about you , but I can not recall any reports of a man dressed in a rabbit suit running around mutilating people with a chainsaw . You would have thought that a story like that might have made the evening news . The blurb says Bunnyman Vengeance is a cross between “ Friday the 13th ” ( the film ) and “ easter ” ( the , er , holiday ) .
Woman Seeks Farmer
Baking bad … Woman Seeks Farmer .
Wilfully ignoring the fact that , believe it or not , women can actually be farmers too these days is this inane-looking South African comedy . The real highlight here is that wonderfully garbled tagline : “ One 's baking is always better when you 're in love ” , which sounds like something Downton 's Dowager Countess would say , if they had severe concussion .
Executor
I do n't think the title of this film means what its makers think it means , unless Executor is about a rogue probate officer who goes about settling people 's estates … with extreme prejudice . Oh , and yes , that is The OC 's Mischa Barton there , giving a rueful little smile about where their career has ended up .
Clowntergeist
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bloody red-nose day … Clowntergeist .
More hot portmanteau title action , though not even close to the punning standard of Tsunambee . “ Emma , a college student with a crippling fear of clowns , must come face to face with their worst fear … ” Student debt . Kidding ! It 's a killer ghost clown who 's going to make balloon animals out of their intestines or something .
Oversize Cops
Having it large … Oversize Cops .
“ A police comedy film , ” the poster for this Thai movie helpfully informs us , in case anyone thought it was a remake of Remains of the Day . But there is tragedy here , too : if only those cops had filed through that narrow alleyway in an orderly fashion they might not have all got stuck there , probably for ever .
Haunted Airplane
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Flight night … Haunted Airplane .
In which the ghost of a United Airlines customer returns to wreak vengeance on the flight attendants who dragged them unceremoniously off an overcrowded 747 . Nah , not really ; it 's just some bobbins about a haunted box unleashing the depths of hell on economy class . Bizarrely , all the character names in this film seem to start with an S : Sullivan , Smith , Strand and , my personal favourite , Stobbs .
The Humanity Bureau
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cage of chance … The Humanity Bureau
Or , rather : Oh , the Humanity Bureau , as it is being called on Twitter . This looks like one of those trashy films Nicolas Cage periodically makes to pay off the tax bill on their mansion in Bath . The tagline is quite intriguing , though : Escape From New America . Has Cage made the first great film of the Trump era ? No , no they definitely have not .
The US has announced new sanctions against Iran , directly targeting the rial currency and the vital car industry , just days before presidential elections in the Middle Eastern country .
The new measures , which could lead to more economic deprivation inside Iran , were accompanied on Monday by warnings of additional `` powerful '' and `` painful '' measures if Iran refused concessions in inconclusive talks on its nuclear programme .
President Barack Obama signed an executive order authorising sanctions on foreign banks and financial institutions that make transactions in the rial currency or keep accounts denominated in the rial outside the country .
The ninth set of sanctions signed by Obama against Iran will also penalise anyone involved in the significant sale of goods and services to Iran 's car industry - a move that could hit foreign car companies in Europe and Asia .
Also subject to penalties will be anyone who provides material support to Iranians and others who have been blacklisted under previous US sanctions .
An exception will be made for some activities related to a pipeline project to move natural gas from Azerbaijan to Europe and Turkey .
Permission to blacklist
The executive order allows the Treasury to blacklist from the US financial system any institution that handles significant transactions or accounts in the rial outside Iran .
Additionally , the White House said , it was `` taking aim at a major revenue generator for Iran '' by authorising the Treasury to blacklist anyone involved in the sale , supply , or transfer to Iran of significant goods or services for the manufacture or assembly of cars , lorries , motorcycles or other vehicles .
`` The steps taken today are part of President Obama 's commitment to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon , by raising the cost of Iran 's defiance of the international community , '' Jay Carney , White House spokesperson , said .
The strategy represents a significant escalation of the sanctions as , for the first time , the US is attacking the rial , which has lost two-thirds of its value over the last two years .
The appetite has been growing on Capitol Hill for even tougher measures against Iran , prompted in part by politicians ' concerns about Israel , which considers a nuclear-armed Iran to be an existential threat .
Last month the House Foreign Affairs Committee approved legislation that would impose even tougher economic sanctions against Iran , while the Senate resolved the US should back Israel if it is forced to take military action against Iran .
Harsher steps to isolate Iran were on the agenda on Tuesday at a Senate Banking Committee hearing , where officials from the Treasury , Commerce and State departments were set to testify .
An amendment being pushed by two of the panel 's members , Senator Joe Manchin , a Democrat , and Senator Mark Kirk , a Republican , would go even further than Monday 's announcement by targeting all Iranian foreign assets overseas - such as euros Iran might be holding in Japan .
Economic pressure
The US has already targeted other major sectors , most prominently Iranian oil exports , and last week targeted Iranian petrochemicals - the largest source of funding for Iran 's nuclear programme after oil .
Analysts say the new move by Obama is a sign that the administration is committed to a strategy of ever increasing economic pressure on Iran as the showdown over its nuclear programme hits a critical point .
The announcement of new sanctions came as the campaign gathers pace in the run-up to elections on June 14 to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
While the campaign has featured debate on the economic pain exerted by US and international sanctions , the poll is unlikely to alter Iranian nuclear policy , which is controlled by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The US has said it will not rule out taking military action against Iran over its nuclear programme and that time is running out for diplomacy to succeed .
Talks between Iran and the five members of the UN Security Council plus Germany are on hold pending the election .
Iran denies that its nuclear enrichment activities are intended to produce a nuclear bomb and says the programme is purely intended for power generation .
Pope Francis ' call for a truce notwithstanding , the culture war rages on in America .
Last week , a Utah judge struck down part of the state 's anti-polygamy law , clearing the way for men to marry multiple spouses .
Methodist pastor Frank Schaefer , defrocked for officiating at the same-sex marriage of their son , refused to recant , and joined a Dupont Circle congregation , declaring from the pulpit to repeated ovations Sunday , “ Change is coming ” to the United Methodist Church .
Major media stories both .
Yet these were skirmishes alongside the culture war clash last week over the remarks to GQ magazine of Phil Robertson , patriarch of the clan of “ Duck Dynasty , ” the wildly popular show on A & E .
Using crude terms , but biblically correct arguments , Robertson told GQ what they thought of homosexuality and moral relativism . Said Robertson : Suicide of a Superpowe ... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price : $ 1.19 Buy New $ 5.12 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
“ Everything is blurred on what 's right and what 's wrong . Sin becomes fine . … Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there . Bestiality , sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men . …
“ Do n't be deceived . Neither the adulterers , the idolaters , the male prostitutes , the homosexuality offenders , the greedy , the drunkards , the slanderers , the swindlers — they wo n't inherit the kingdom of God . Do n't deceive yourself . ”
The homosexual lobby GLAAD swiftly demanded that Robertson be purged from “ Duck Dynasty. ” And A & E suspended them indefinitely .
The backlash was swift and huge . Followers of “ Duck Dynasty , ” Evangelicals , politicians and free-speech champions arose to defend Robertson 's right to speak without punishment . Millions endorsed their views on what the Bible says and Christianity professes and promises .
The battle revealed an immense and intense hostility in Middle America to the moral agenda being imposed by our cultural elites .
While defenders of Robertson invoked the First Amendment , that is not the issue here . No one is denying Robertson their right to speak .
What GLAAD wants to do is to blacklist Robertson , to punish them by taking away their podium , “ Duck Dynasty. ” The gay rights militants can not silence him , but they do have the power to cost them their job and take away their megaphone so that their vast audience can no longer hear him .
The blacklist of the Truman era did not deny the Hollywood Ten their right to produce movie scripts . It was an agreed-upon Hollywood policy not to commission or to use the work of unrepentant Communists as writers , producers or directors .
Who were the Hollywood Ten ? They were closet Communists , secret members of a Communist Party USA , then a wholly owned subsidiary of the greatest mass murderer in history , Joseph Stalin .
And of what were the Hollywood Ten guilty ?
When Stalinists were eradicating freedom and exterminating Eastern European Christians and overrunning China and murdering millions , as President Truman tried to rally the forces of freedom , the Hollywood Ten took the Fifth Amendment . They refused to repudiate Communism or name names of fellow Communists who were still reshaping the thinking of America from their upholstered perches in the film industry .
Today , however , the Hollywood Ten are regarded as martyrs , moral heroes . Had they been secret Nazis rather than secret Stalinists in those years , they would likely not be so beloved of the Hollyleft .
Contrast if you will the sins for which Phil Robertson is being blacklisted with those of the Hollywood Ten .
They are a fundamentalist Christian professing their belief in what they hold to be Bible truths about sin , homosexuality , heaven and hell . For so doing , they are being censored by elites who wish to deny them access to the medium they largely control — television .
And what were the comparable sins of the Hollywood Ten ?
They were witting collaborators in a 70-year Communist conspiracy responsible for the murder of millions , which , in the 1940s , looked on the United States of America as the last impediment to world conquest .
In that era , we were agreed that Communism and Communists were the enemies of America and humankind and should be regarded and treated as such .
To our modern moral and cultural elites , it is those who condemn the values of GLAAD who are the enemies of decency and progress who ought to be fired and blacklisted to prevent their poisonous views from being disseminated .
In the Hollywood of the late 1940s , Communism was persona non grata . In the 21st century , biblical Christianity is persona non grata .
No , this is not the America we grew up in . And it is becoming less so .
According to a CNN poll last week , while belief in God and the divinity of Christ is still shared by two-thirds of Americans , that share — older , more Republican , less educated — is falling .
Worldwide , too , Christianity at Christmas 2013 seems in a long retreat . Receding slowly in America , and moribund in Europe , Christianity is undergoing merciless persecutions in Africa and the Middle East — from Nigeria to the Central African Republic to Egypt , Syria and Iraq .
Compared to these folks suffering martyrdom for the faith , we have it easy here .
So , Sursum Corda . Lift up your hearts . And Merry Christmas .
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
Special edition this week ! Gilles Peterson plays tunes back to back with the mighty DJ Shadow !
“ Soul , hip-hop , House , Afro , Latin , Dubstep , Jazz and beyond . Gilles digs deep into their collection for some musical gems in this latest Brownswood Basement . ”
Check out other Gilles Peterson shows here and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future . You can also follow Core News on Facebook and Twitter .
Gilles Peterson Worldwide 2010-10-06 Brownswood Basement with DJ Shadow [ Uploaded.net download ]
Tracklist :
1 . Omar Khorshid – Rasket El Fadaa
2 . Gerald Wilson and Their Orchestra – Algerian Fantasy
3 . Sh/Jazz Quintet – Jordu
4 . Toldi Maria – Fazom
5 . King James Version – He 's Forever
6 . Andrew Wartts – Rise Up
7 . Darling Dears – I Do n't Think I Could Ever Love Another
8 . The Meditation Singers – Let Them Talk
9 . The Meditation Singers – Trouble 's Brewing
10 . David Frost & Billy Taylor – Bright Star In The East
11 . DJ Shadow – I 've Been Trying
12 . DJ Shadow – Organ Donor
13 . DJ Shadow – 6 Days
14 . DJ Shadow – This Time
15 . DJ Krush – Duality Feat DJ Shadow
16 . Impluse – Face From The Past
17 . The Limit – Do It
18 . Jerome – Guitar Rap
19 . Doty Gouock – Wouck
20 . Earl Rodney – Juck Juck
21 . [ unknown ] – Untitled
22 . Sonny Okosuns – Sound Of The Forest
23 . Brain Train – Me
The Blue Lagoon is a romance novel written by Henry De Vere Stacpoole and was first published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1908 . It is the first novel of the Blue Lagoon trilogy , which also includes The Garden of God ( 1923 ) and The Gates of Morning ( 1925 ) . The novel has inspired several film adaptations , most notably The Blue Lagoon starring Brooke Shields as Emmeline and Christopher Atkins as Richard ( `` Dicky '' in the book ) , which they are two fictional english children .
Plot summary [ edit ]
The story centers on two cousins , Dicky and Emmeline Lestrange , who are marooned with a galley cook on an island in the South Pacific following a shipwreck . The galley cook , Paddy Button , assumes responsibility for the children and teaches them how to survive , cautioning them to avoid the `` arita '' berries , which they call `` the never-wake-up berries . ''
Two-and-a-half years after the shipwreck , Paddy dies following a drinking binge . The children survive on their resourcefulness and the bounty of their remote paradise . They live in a hut and spend their days fishing , swimming , diving for pearls , and exploring the island .
As the years pass , Dicky and Emmeline grow into physically mature young adults and begin to fall in love . Ignorant of their human sexuality , they do not understand or know how to express their physical attraction to one another . Eventually , they consummate their relationship . The author , Henry De Vere Stacpoole , describes their sexual encounter as having been `` conducted just as the birds conduct their love affairs . An affair absolutely natural , absolutely blameless , and without sin . It was a marriage according to nature , without feast or guests. '' [ 1 ] [ where ? ]
Dicky becomes very attentive toward Emmeline , listening to their stories and bringing them gifts . Over several months they make love often and eventually Emmeline becomes pregnant . The couple does not understand the physical changes happening to Emmeline 's body and have no knowledge of childbirth . When the day comes for delivery , Emmeline disappears into the forest and returns with a child . They discover over time that the baby requires a name and they call them Hannah because they have only ever known an infant called by that name .
Dicky and Emmeline teach Hannah how to swim , fish , throw spears , and play in the mud . They survive a violent tropical cyclone and other natural hazards of island life .
Back in San Francisco , Arthur , Dicky 's father and Emmeline 's uncle , believes the two are still alive and is determined to find them , after recognizing a child 's tea set belonging to Emmeline which was retrieved by a whaler on an island . Arthur finds a captain willing to take them to the island and they set out .
Meanwhile , Dicky , Emmeline , and Hannah row their lifeboat to the place where they had once lived with Paddy as children . Emmeline breaks a branch off the deadly arita plant as Dicky cuts bananas on the shore . While in the boat with their son , Emmeline fails to notice that Hannah has tossed one of the oars into the sea . The tide comes in and sweeps the boat into the lagoon , leaving Emmeline and Hannah stranded . As Dicky swims to them , they are pursued by a shark . Emmeline strikes the shark with the remaining oar , earning Dicky time to climb into the boat safely .
Although they are not far from shore , the trio can not get back without the oars and they are unable to retrieve them from the water because of the shark . The boat is then caught in the current and drifts out to sea ; all the while Emmeline still grasps the arita branch .
Sometime later , Arthur 's ship comes across the lifeboat and finds the three unconscious but still breathing . The arita branch is now bare save for one berry . Arthur asks , `` Are they dead ? '' and the captain replies , `` No , sir . They are asleep . `` [ 2 ] The ambiguous ending leaves it uncertain whether or not they can be revived .
Characters [ edit ]
Emmeline Lestrange , a shipwrecked orphan , the hero
Dicky Lestrange , Emmeline 's cousin , the hero
Paddy Button , the galley cook of the wrecked ship
Arthur Lestrange , Dicky 's father and Emmeline 's uncle
Hannah , Dicky and Emmeline 's son
Films [ edit ]
Four films have been based on this novel :
See also [ edit ]
For the first time , DNA from an extinct animal has been resurrected inside a living creature .
The donors in this were four 100-year-old Tasmanian tiger specimens preserved in ethanol at the Museum Victoria . The large , doglike marsupial last made history in 1936 , when the only remaining tiger died in captivity .
Receiving the DNA were mice in the laboratory of M.D . Anderson Cancer Center geneticist Richard Behringer , who partnered with researchers from the University of Melbourne . The study describing their paleogenetic wizardry appeared yesterday in Public Library of Science ONE .
Behringer 's mice do n't look unusual . The inserted DNA does n't actually code for Tasmanian tiger characteristics , but is needed to switch on genes controlling bone formation . But hybrid Tasmanian tiger-mice could someday be created , said the researchers , and DNA from creatures like woolly mammoths and neanderthals revived .
Why would scientists want to do this ? Of all the DNA that 's ever existed , only one percent is presently in circulation . The rest is lost to history , along with the insights it might provide . By bringing back lost genes , scientists can see what they do .
Could scientists actually bring back entire animals ? It 's highly unlikely . The Tasmanian tiger DNA was painstakingly cobbled together with fragments taken from each of the specimens ; creating an entire organism would require patching together tens of thousands of genes , then packaging them in the correct order . Modern-extinct hybrids are all we 're going to get , though study co-author Andrew Pask told the
Herald Sun that putting pterodactyl wings on a mouse might be possible .
A question , Wired Science readers : of animals driven to extinction by man , which would you like to see studied in this fashion ? I nominate the aurochs , the giant ancestor of modern European cattle . People have tried to breed them back into existence , but the originals were far larger .
Resurrection of DNA Function In Vivo from an Extinct Genome [ PLoS ONE ]
Images : The modified mouse embryo , with blue coloration corresponding to the activation of Tasmanian tiger DNA , courtesy of PLoS ONE ;
Tasmanian tigers courtesy of the Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery ; and an aurochs from WikiMedia Commons . *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim 's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
# OpOrwahHammad : The hacktivist group Anonymous take down 44 Israeli government websites
The hackers collective Anonymous today took down 44 Israeli government websites in retaliation for the killing of 14 year old American citizen Orwah Hammad . Orwah Hammad was killed in a shooting incident by the Israeli Defence Forces ( IDF ) . IDF on its part alleged that Orwah was about to throw a firebomb towards Route 60 during a protest .
The Palestinian protestors and Orwah 's family member have a different story to tell . They say that Orwah was holding a burning Israeli flag and that IDF troops shot them because of this incident . Orwah who was 14 year old teen was a American citizen and born in New Orleans .
# OpOrwahHammad
The paste on Pastebin site posted by a ‘ Guest ' today states as below :
‪ # ‎OpOrwahHammad‬ has officially kicked-off now , and Israeli government websites are feeling it . Anonymous is targeting Israeli government websites in protest of the killing of young Orwah Hammad and many Palestinians alike . The world will not stand by such brutality . Israeli Government beware of you should have Expected Us .
Some of the Israeli government websites hit today include the following :
http : //www.ocs.moital.gov.il – Ministry of Industry and Trade
http : //www.pwd.gov.il – Public Works Department
http : //www.sep.gov.il – Israel Economic and Tourism
http : //www.gov.il – gov.il domains
http : //www.tahila.gov.il – Israel Government ISP
http : //www.embassies.gov.il – Embassy of Israel to the United States
http : //www.ejobs.gov.il – Merkava – ministry of Finance
http : //dover.idf.il – Israeli Defense Forces
http : //www.telaviv.police.gov.il – Israel Police Department
http : //www.defence.gov.il – Ministry of Defense
http : //www.ecom1.gov.il – Ministry of Finance
http : //www.emus.gov.il – Economic Mission U.S .
http : //www.first.gov.il – State of Israel – eGovernment
http : //www.galil.gov.il – Galil Development Authority
http : //www.hosting.co.il – Domain Internet Ltd .
http : //www.ifts.gov.il – Integrated Foreign Trade System
http : //www.iiop.gov.il – Israel Institute of Productivity
http : //www.immigration.gov.il – Israeli Immigration
http : //www.index.gov.il – Office of the Prime Minister
http : //www.int.gov.il – State of Israel Mail
http : //www.israel.gov.il – The Government of Israel
http : //www.israel-mfa.gov.il – Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs
http : //www.itpolicy.gov.il – Israel Information Technology
http : //www.mfah.gov.il – Ministry of Foreign Affairs
http : //www.mofa.gov.il – Foreign Affairs Ministry
http : //www.aa.gov.il/ – The Israeli Antitrust Authority
http : //www.cert.gov.il/ – Israeli Government CERT
http : //www.dev.cbs.gov.il/ – Shifra Har
http : //www.idf.gov.il – IDF – Israel Defense Forces
http : //www.israbank.gov.il – Bank of Israel
http : //www.israel-info.gov.il/ – Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
http : //www.lapam.gov.il – Israel Government Printing Office
http : //www.mohr.gov.il/ – State of Israel-Ministry of Finance
http : //sra.gov.il/ – Slum Rehabilitation Authority .
http : //tipa.gov.il/ – Water Preservation
http : //www.msh.gov.il/ – Shalom civil service reform-Minister Michael Eitan
http : //www.isa.gov.il/ – Israel Securities Authority
http : //www.tehila.gov.il/ – Israel Government ISP
http : //www.mrc.gov.il – Ministry of Regional Cooperation
http : //www.nativ.gov.il/ – Nativ Project – PMO
http : //www.nioi.gov.il – National Insurance of Israel
http : //www.nisa.gov.il/ – Ministry of Finance 1 Kaplan Street
http : //www.ocs.moital.gov.il – Ministry of Industry and Trade
Some of the sites are returning 403 errors which points to the fact that they have been DDoSed . Techworm is awaiting a comment from the hackers collective to confirm the above DDoS attacks .
WASHINGTON — President-elect Donald J. Trump will enter the White House having promised to radically alter United States foreign policy , with ramifications for Americans and the world .
But it 's not yet clear how . Mr. Trump offered vague and sometimes contradictory proposals during their campaign , with few of the typical details or white papers . Voters , foreign policy professionals and the country 's allies are all , to a real extent , left guessing .
Here , then , is a rundown of what we know about Mr. Trump 's foreign policy ideas and what some experts say about their feasibility and likely ramifications .
What is Mr. Trump 's proposed policies ?
Mr. Trump has repeatedly emphasized a set of ideas that would reduce America 's role in the world . They said they would take unilateral action , move away from traditional allies and move closer to adversaries .
The Andhra Pradesh Police on Tuesday arrested 11 members of the banned Communist Party of India ( Marxist-Leninist ) Janashakti faction in Kurnool district . Among those arrested is top Janashakti leader , Korra Rajanna.A senior police officer said the members of Janashakthi group , including Rajanna , had gathered at the residence of Mohan Reddy , seeking to rebuild the party and establish dalams ( armed squads ) , besides procuring arms and collecting funds.They have been booked under sections 121A ( sedition ) and 120B of the Indian Penal Code.Maoist literature and other documents were recovered from them , said Kurnool Superintendent of Police AK Ravikrishna.As many as 46 members of CPI ( ML ) Janashakthi had surrendered before the Andhra Pradesh police in 2002 . The group had been held responsible for several murders and other incidents of violence in the united Andhra Pradesh in the past .
Warning : Graphic Content
Oral myiasis is a rare disease in humans associated with poor oral hygiene , suppurative oral lesions , alcoholism and senility , etc . It 's caused by fly larvae ! Though sterilized fly larvae is sometimes used to treat stubborn non-healing ulcers ( by eating the necrotizing tissue while leaving viable tissue behind ) , this is not the case here :
A psychiatric ( schizophrenic ) patient presented to The University of The West Indies Dental School with this problem :
Yes ! those are maggots in their palate
Treatment includes surgical exposure of the affected area , physical removal of the maggots and cleansing with either topical or systemic medications and , wound debridement .
Suture them up , give them some antibiotics and he 's as good as new ! or close .
See related article here
I had to share this . Unbelievable !
Other cases :
The Story
Oliver Enns is a lucky boy . They live in the basement of our ‘ brewery ' . Given their prized position in the dungeon , they occasionally get to offer their input into beers . For this beverage , their input was a “ fruit salad beer ” , with pineapple , grapefruit , orange , and lime . Such a beer would be perfect for summer if it could be pulled off . Or it could be a fantastic fruity disaster .
So it was up to AJ and Robert to figure out a beer that would adequately compliment the fruit . It was settled it should be a wheat beer , with a neutral yeast to let the fruit flavour come through . Also , there should be some honey malt to add sweetness ( as all the fruit we added was fairly acidic ) . Finally , we wanted a American Pale Ale hoppy citrus taste of Centennial . In all fairness , this beer is a total shot in the dark , because as far as we could tell , this many types of fruit in a beer is unprecedented ( our research is remarkably un-thorough ) . Maybe it will just be an alcoholic Booster Juice . That 's cool too .
The Tasting
Appearance : Golden and slightly cloudy . Very strong and long lasting head despite all the acidic fruit in the beer .
Aroma : Faint pineapple aroma , with a strong , acidic citrus smell as well .
Taste : Quite bitter up front ( it is 40 IBUs with really no ‘ malt backbone ' ) , but the flavours of pineapple come through right after . Very tart . The bitterness lingers throughout . No specific citrus fruit can be identified ; it 's just tart and lemony . Maybe a little bit soapy tasting , but that might be because I associate citrus with lemony fresh soap and laundry detergent . Fairly refreshing beer though .
Overall : This is a rather strange beer . The pineapple is n't really that noticeable ( though it is definitely there ) . The citrus is strong , but because there are so many different citrus fruit flavours ( lime , grapefruit , orange ) , nothing is really remarkable . It is refreshing , but it is kind of a muddled mess of fruit . We probably should have predicted that , since we added 4 different fruits .
The Process
Specifics : 23 litre batch , 67 % extraction efficiency , ABV 4.7 % , O.G . 1.048 , IBU 40 , single infusion mash : 45 minutes at 68 Celsius .
Grain Bill
We wanted a fairly typical wheat beer grain bill , with mainly pale malt and wheat malt . However , we added a couple extra grains to make the beer a little more interesting . Not that we needed to do that .
( Oliver 's functionality in the brewhouse is sometimes quite limited )
Gambrinus Pale Malt : 5 lb
Gambrinus Wheat Malt : 5 lb
Rye Malt : 1 lb ( We thought the spicy qualities of rye malt would nicely compliment the citrus fruit )
Flake Oats : 8 oz ( Oats add a silky smooth mouth feel to the beer . We wanted that . But to be honest , we just wanted to have 4 different grains in the beer : barley , wheat , rye , and oats . We have 4 different fruit , why not four different grains )
Gambrinus Honey Malt : 8 oz ( We wanted to add some sweetness because we were concerned that most of the sweetness of the fruit would ferment out , leaving just the acidic qualities of the fruit )
Hop and Fruit Schedule
We selected Centennial hops because of their citrus aroma and flavour which we hoped will blend well with the grapefruit , lime and orange . As to why we selected these fruit to add to the beer ? Well , that 's what Oliver wanted . Who are we to argue ?
60 Minutes : 1 oz Centennial ( We wanted the beer to be fairly bitter , as this is supposed to be a summer thirst quencher )
10 Minutes : 0.75 oz Centennial and 1 pineapple cut into 1/2 cubes ( This hop addition to to add the grapefruit flavour . We hoped boiling the pineapple for 10 minutes would get some of the flavour out of the pineapple )
5 Minutes : Peel of 2 Oranges , 2 Limes and 1 Grapefruit ( This is how long we normally boil orange peel for witbiers , so we figured this would be a good amount of time )
( All the left over hops , pineapple , lime peel , orange peel , and grapefruit peel )
Fermentation
We just used rinsed Nottingham yeast . Nottingham yeast ferments very clean , and allows hops and fruit to come through clearly without any esters .
Primary Fermentation : 7 days at 18 Celsius
Added 1 pureed pineapple when racking beer to the secondary .
Secondary Fermentation : 14 days at 18 Celsius
Added 1 pound of unpasteurized honey for carbonation
Advertisements
While city officials attempt to upgrade dining options inside Midway International Airport , the city council is debating whether to allow food trucks outside both Midway and at O'Hare International Airport . If aldermen adopt an ordinance introduced on Wednesday , the trucks would serve ride-sharing and taxi waiting areas at the airports , according to the Sun-Times .
The newspaper compared allowing food trucks at the airports to lifting the restrictions on Uber and Lyft serving the airports . Meanwhile , the Sun-Times ' sister publication examined the history of how city officials and the traditional restaurant industry have worked to stifle food trucks in Chicago . The Reader takes note of the growth of industry in other cities over the last nine years while Chicago issues more parking tickets to food trucks in response to the August Sun-Times/ABC Chicago investigation that police were n't citing food trucks for illegally parking downtown . The number of parking tickets has greatly increased , according to The Reader . The article also ponders on how the August “ investigation ” may have been a “ calculated maneuver by some group or political force . ”
Meanwhile , even though Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's city cracks down on trucks , they still want to do food trucks a solid by allowing them at the airports . Traffic patterns can be a doozy at airports with drivers who do n't know how to use a cell phone lot , especially those who dock on the shoulder waiting to make a pickup . But the ordinance has language to make sure food trucks would n't interfere with public safety .
While the Illinois Restaurant Association would n't talk to The Reader for its story , IRA President Sam Toia did chat with the Sun-Times . Toia told them that they were in favor of increasing the maximum time food trucks could park in a specific space . That topic has been the matter of debate , as food trucks feel they do n't have enough time to make it worth their whiles . Toia would n't commit to a specific time , only saying that two hours was too short . They added that they were adamant about retaining the 200-foot barrier that keeps food trucks from parking near brick-and-mortar restaurants .
Buh-bye , Scott Walker .
Scott Walker won three statewide elections in Wisconsin , which has supported the Democrat in every presidential election since 1984 . They led national Republican polling as recently as March . They led in Iowa by enormous margins as recently as August . The Koch brothers loved him . Walker had spent their entire adult life developing an almost superhuman fealty to the principles of the modern Republican Party , its Reaganolotry , and , above all , a ruthless commitment to crushing its enemies beneath their boot heel . If there was anything that gave Walker joy , other than eating copious amounts of trayf , it was the goal of wiping organized labor off the map . As Grover Norquist enthused in May , “ when you meet him , it 's like seeing somebody who sits on a throne on the skulls of their enemies. ” The collapse of their presidential campaign , culminating with their departure today , has taken place with head-spinning speed .
Walker was not exactly terrible at running for president , but they were not especially good at it . They entered the race with an ideological advantage : Never having served in Washington , they could position themselves in their party 's center , allowing them to woo Republican elites without alienating its activists . But Walker bungled this advantage into a handicap , alienating both camps without fully winning over either one . They waffled back and forth on immigration , leaving nativists suspicious they would remain on their side in office and business elites uncertain how they could reverse the party 's slide with Latino and Asian-American voters . Wealthy New York donors came away from discussions with Walker concerned that they actually believed what they said in public about same-sex marriage . ( The Washington Post reported in June , “ he has struggled to make inroads among the powerful and monied financial community — in part because of their strident opposition to same-sex marriage and their positions on other social issues. ” ) Walker 's money problems proved fatal , leaving them unable to finance a going operation .
They proved embarrassingly uninformed about foreign policy , using their victory over unions as an all-purpose response . “ Look , he 's the governor of Wisconsin , ” Morton Klein , the president of the Adelson-backed Zionist Organization of America , told Jason Zengerle , “ He knows about cheese and cutting pensions. ” They repeatedly regaled audiences with a story about buying a shockingly inexpensive sweater at Kohl 's , which seemed less like a rationale for electing Walker than a rationale for electing Herb Kohl . In two national debates , they withered onstage next to the highly telegenic performers .
Walker 's poor debate showings may have done them more damage than it even appeared at the time . When your essential selling point is that you are a winner , you are unusually vulnerable if you start to look like a loser . It grew increasingly difficult to envision Walker sitting on a throne of skulls when they sat meekly at the foot of Donald Trump . And Trump 's rise surely destroyed Walker more than anybody else . Trump coalesced the Republican working-class base , which was supposed to be Walker 's base , and the nativists who found Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio too squishy . They grabbed a polling lead in the state ( Iowa ) that sat at the heart of Walker 's geographic strategy . No other candidate had staked out an early state that they insisted they must win .
The Republican presidential race has appeared to take the form of a kind of reverse meritocracy , in which the candidates with real political accomplishments ( Walker and , before him , former Texas governor Rick Perry ) are driven out , and novices with strong television skills rise to the top . The reality , however , does not quite match the appearance . The GOP has faced a coordination problem — it has too many acceptable , Establishment-friendly candidates in the race . Any number of viable options presented themselves as vehicles for the agenda of the Republican donor class : Marco Rubio , Jeb Bush , Walker , not to mention riskier choices like Carly Fiorina , Perry , Bobby Jindal , Chris Christie , or even Rand Paul . If the Republican elite coalesced around any of these candidates , they could defeat Trump , or Ben Carson . The party needed some of these candidates to fall by the wayside more quickly . But even a few weeks ago , nobody would have guessed that Walker would have been one of the first to go .
For their first assignment together , photographer William Abranowicz and their son , writer Zander Abranowicz , embarked on a T+L Journey across Canada , beginning in the forests of British Columbia and ending on a windswept island off Newfoundland . Along the way , they connected not just as fellow travelers but as collaborators inspired by the enduring power of nature .
When the British explorer James Cook reached Vancouver Island in 1778 , they were not greeted by Norwegian Fjord horses pulling a polished black carriage . Nor was they offered salmon sushi on elegant stone slabs , as my father and I were upon arriving at the Clayoquot Wilderness Resort , a luxury tented camp spread over 600 acres on Vancouver Island 's western coast .
Once we had settled in to our plush canvas tent , with its red velvet armchairs and crystal decanters , we tried to imagine the mix of dread and curiosity with which Cook—the first documented European to walk these shores—would 've beheld these mountains carpeted in western red cedar , and the wonder of the Mowachaht peoples as they canoed out to their pair of three-masted sloops .
Nearly 240 years later , the land here still teems with a “ sense of wonder , ” to borrow a phrase from Rachel Carson . Clayoquot Wilderness Resort is set among mountains , at the mouth of the crystal-clear Bedwell River , where crab , fried-egg jelly fish , and salmon mingle . Guests come here to go on guided hikes and kayak tours and to see wildlife up close , from black bears hunting for salmon to pods of orcas surfacing in Clayoquot Sound .
The main camp at Clayoquot Wilderness Resort , on British Columbia 's Vancouver Island . William Abranowicz
For a few magical days , my father , William Abranowicz , an accomplished photographer , and I , a 24-year-old writer , drank in that wonder like packhorses at a glacial stream . This was the first leg of our T+L Journey , a 10-day , coast-to-coast Canadian sojourn that would take us on to Vancouver for a few days , then soaring over the Canadian prairies and finally to the remote island of Fogo , off the northeastern coast of Newfoundland .
This was also a trip that realized our dream of working together , father and son documenting foreign landscapes , with pen and paper for me , camera for him . Though my father 's work has allowed us to travel together frequently , this was something entirely different . No longer just along for the ride or lugging their tripod around Santorini or Marrakesh ( admittedly , there are worse fates ) , I was finally a true collaborator .
My father , by trade a chaser of light , woke me early the first morning . Unzipping our tent , I joined them in the pale dawn , which soon crystallized into a symphony of illuminated clouds . A bald eagle surfed the thermal currents . As the morning wore on , the sun painted strips of the forest saffron , sending my father back for their camera : “ I think I shot too early ! It keeps getting better ! ”
( L ) Sea lions playing in Clayoquot Sound . ( R ) The author jumping into the estuary at Clayoquot . William Abranowicz
Over breakfast in the camp 's log cookhouse , we ate poached eggs with seaweed hollandaise , avocado , and crab salad . Looking at the towering valley walls through the large windows , I decided that the true luxury of this high-end summer camp for adults is not its control over nature , but the lengths to which it goes to poetically frame it . It was as if the architect had consulted Ansel Adams before placing each window , angling each tent , and marking each stretch of boardwalk .
That day we boated to Meares Island , the site of a 1985 confrontation between the MacMillan Bloedel logging company and a First Nations–organized blockade that resulted in protections for the island 's old-growth rain forest . Today , the entire Clayoquot Sound region surrounding Meares has been designated a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve , and the island itself remains a cathedral of ancient cedar and Sitka spruce . My father , an environmentalist who has devoted years to helping preserve wetlands and old-growth forests in New York State , spoke in reverent , hushed tones as we hopped streams dyed blood-red with leached arboreal nutrients to reach a thousand-year-old cedar at the center of a clearing . “ It 's a struggle to capture the scale of it , ” they said .
We awoke the second morning to a Twin Peaks–esque fog . The low island in the center of the inlet resembled a prehistoric graveyard , piles of driftwood the thrones of ravens . After breakfast we skimmed along in a Zodiac piloted by Allan Ross Andrew , an Ahousaht First Nation guide , whose arms were tattooed with waves and a wolf 's paw . They slowed the boat so we could watch a young black bear snacking on shore crab before pointing us toward the gray Pacific . As we approached a small island , barks announced a colony of sea lions . A few galumphed into the ocean to greet us , and I had to catch my father as they jumped back to protect their camera .
A view from Clayoquot Wilderness Resort , on Vancouver Island . William Abranowicz
On our final day , we rode horses through the forest to an abandoned mine with Owen Davies , another exceptional guide . During the winter months , when Clayoquot is closed , Davies pans for gold , extracting tiny particles from the river with a sluice box , a pan , and anachronistic patience . Wearing a cowboy hat , a plaid shirt , and weathered chaps , they completely looked the part of the rugged prospectors who once scoured the valley . Breathing the damp , earthen must , we followed a vein of quartz down into the mine shaft , where our flashlights sent crickets scattering away , and emerged to a blast of fresh air and a burst of light .
`` It was as if Clayoquot 's architect had consulted Ansel Adams before framing each window and angling each tent . ''
As we flew in a seaplane bound for Vancouver over lakes fringed by snow , I resolved to myself that Clayoquot would be my refuge from a Trump presidency . With the promise of Dungeness crab for lunch every day , I do n't think it 'd take much to persuade my father to join me .
The first morning in Vancouver , the shock of urban reentry nearly dissipated , I watched my father circling The Raven and the First Men , a yellow-cedar sculpture by Haida artist Bill Reid in the University of British Columbia 's Museum of Anthropology . Their fingers worked nimbly , in a way I 've loved to watch since I was a kid . Their method is meticulous—the fruit of their early years of working for traditionalists like Horst P. Horst and George Tice—and if there 's one thing I 've learned from traveling with him , it 's patience . ( On this trip , they taught themselves to wait for me whenever I paused to write in my notebook . )
In the afternoon , we traced the city 's veins of Asian culture to the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden , in Chinatown . Built in the 1980s , largely by 52 craftsmen using only Ming dynasty tools and materials from their home city of Suzhou , the garden occupies a mere third of an acre , but with a pond glittering with koi , a drooping willow tree , and serene pavilions edging the courtyard , its presence is expansive . I noticed my father 's demeanor lighten . They listened raptly as Anita Huang , our Taiwan-born guide , described the careful consideration that resulted in this faithful interpretation of a 15th-century scholar 's garden . They pointed out the Corsican mint growing spontaneously from cracks in the cobblestone . “ After it rains , ” they told us , “ the entire place is perfumed like mint tea. ” My father looked over at me . Without a word , I knew it reminded them of the wild mint growing around our house in the Catskills .
Some 3,000 miles east of Vancouver , I sat shotgun in a helicopter as we approached Fogo , a tiny island of roughly 2,400 residents . Blasts of wind indicated when my father was hanging their head out the window to photograph caribou trails sketching through the bogs below . Walking from the landing pad , we struggled to comprehend the Modernist structure before us : a pale , woodpaneled form of two stacked rectangular blocks on rust-colored pillars with a cantilevered segment perched above the granite coast .
( L ) The dramatic modern architecture of Fogo Island Inn . ( R ) Flores Island , where Clayoquot guests can hike the Wild Side interpretive trail . William Abranowicz
We had arrived at the 29-room Fogo Island Inn , the work of Newfoundland-born architect Todd Saunders . “ There are few buildings on earth that have made me feel like this , ” my father said . They did n't need to elaborate ; I shared their awe . The floor-to-ceiling windows in our room flooded the space with afternoon light , illuminating the nautically themed wallpaper , locally sewn quilts , and smooth wooden furniture made in a nearby woodshop . The faint blue pyramid of an iceberg floated offshore .
We were soon navigating ice-cleaved rock formations on foot , heading toward an old seaside cemetery overgrown with wild blue flag iris and crowberry bushes . Whereas the Pacific Northwest , with its dramatic fjords and lush forests smelling of loamy earth , had a distinct sense of grandeur and mystery , this craggy eastern coastline had a certain intimacy that reminded me of Maine . The friendliness of the islanders was , however , distinctly Canadian .
Any description of Fogo Island is incomplete without a mention of its greatest patron , Zita Cobb , who was born here in Joe Batt 's Arm , a tiny village of saltbox houses . Cobb and their family fled Fogo for the mainland after the collapse of the cod-fishing industry in the 1970s . But after making a fortune in fiber optics , they returned , determined to revitalize the community by building the inn and creating the Shorefast Foundation , an organization dedicated to protecting the local culture , economy , and environment . That night , we ate mackerel spread on pumpernickel bread , served by the first of many staffers who told us with pride they were from Fogo . Tender pork loin followed , as we listened to locals playing jigs on an accordion and plotted future expeditions . After a breakfast of organic oats and wild-blueberry pork sausage ( the inn sources much of its food from the island itself , its waters , or Newfoundland ) , we spent the day exploring the island , first on a bicycle ride up a steep hill to the charming town of Tilting , then on a cross-island drive with Fergus Foley , our guide and a Tilting native . They told us that Irish sailors settled the village in the 1750s . “ I do n't know if they were seasick or what , but they stuck around , ” they joked .
( L ) A fishing hut in the village of Joe Batt 's Arm , on Fogo Island , in Newfoundland . ( R ) An iceberg off the coast of Fogo Island , Canada . William Abranowicz
A fisheries officer in the grim days before the inn was built , Foley spent a few years in Nunavut , the northernmost , least-populated Canadian province . “ If it was n't for Zita Cobb , ” they said , “ I might not have come back. ” Given their previous occupation , it made sense that Foley knew everyone we passed . “ There 's Frank , ” they said , waving to a man mending their dock . “ I used to catch them poaching lobster. ” Frank waved back with a big smile .
The highlight of the trip came the next day : a boat ride to the Little Fogo Islands , a small archipelago visible from the window of our room . Captain Aneas Emberley steered us between islets that are home to nesting puffins and razorbills . Once we landed at Wadham 's Harbour Island , Michael Dillon , Emberley 's nephew , led us around a handful of houses and the tiny St. Anne 's Church , which has stood since the days when the place was a fishing outpost . ( The island is now a summer retreat and cultural site . ) Dillon had recently restored their grandfather 's one-room house , and their pride cemented our faith that Fogo 's past and future are not only compatible but utterly symbiotic . On our return , we stopped between the two islands and , in a light rain , dropped lines into the water . Within 30 minutes , we 'd pulled in 15 wriggling cod . As we boated back , my father and I both felt a deep communion with a place , people , and culture best experienced from the sea .
My father lost their father young . I know that 's the painful genesis of their impulse to record impermanence in images . It also adds intensity to our travels together , a sense that the time we share exploring the world is sacred . As the years have passed , he 's grown lighter , finding peace with himself , their craft , and their environment . And I 've learned to heed my own need to frame the world with words . He 's transferred that drive to me and , in doing so , has given me the tools to find peace on the road .
William Abranowicz and Zander Abranowicz went on a tailor-made vacation created by Travel + Leisure in partnership with Black Tomato . More information about this T+L Journey , right this way .
Vanita Gupta is the president and CEO of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights .
More than five decades ago , our country wrestled with the issue of whether businesses open to the public should be open to everyone on the same terms , regardless of their race . Among other reasons offered at the time for perpetuating the wholesale exclusion of African-Americans from restaurants , movie theaters and hotels was the importance of sincerely held religious views : the conviction , by some , that their religious faith prohibited mixing of the races . In the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , Congress resolved that debate in favor of rectifying “ the deprivation of personal dignity that surely accompanies denials of equal access to public establishments . ”
On that principle , there ought to be no question that Colorado 's law allowing Charlie Craig and David Mullins to buy a wedding cake from any bakery they choose – notwithstanding that they are gay – should trump claims by a bakery that providing the cake would violate the owner 's religious beliefs . Yet that is the question the Supreme Court will take up this term in Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission .
Freedom of religion is one of our most fundamental rights in America . That is why it is protected in the First Amendment to the Constitution . But religious liberty is not a talisman that confers absolute immunity from any personal constraints at all : At times , the free exercise of religion yields to other foundational values , including freedom from harm and from discrimination .
The balance between these foundational values is illustrated in Newman v. Piggie Park Enterprises , the Supreme Court 's 1968 decision in a challenge to a South Carolina barbecue chain 's policy of denying service to African-Americans . Piggie Park – famous largely for the Supreme Court 's powerful statement of the need for private attorneys general to vindicate civil rights – is no less instructive for the lower court 's treatment of the segregationist restaurant owner 's religious-liberty justification for their policy of refusing to serve black customers : “ The free exercise of one 's beliefs , ” the trial court explained , “ as distinguished from the absolute right to a belief , is subject to regulation when religious acts require accommodation to a society . Undoubtedly , [ the restaurant owner ] has a constitutional right to espouse the religious beliefs of their own choosing ; however , they do not have the absolute right to exercise and practice such beliefs in utter disregard of the clear constitutional rights of other citizens . ”
The district court 's conclusion in Piggie Park was grounded on the recognition of equal personal dignity for all people in America , regardless of who they are . As Justice Arthur Goldberg pointed out in their concurring opinion in Heart of Atlanta Motel v. United States ( upholding Title II of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as a lawful exercise of Congress ' enforcement power under the commerce clause ) , the primary purpose of banning discrimination in public places is “ the vindication of human dignity and not mere economics. ” Quoting a Senate committee report on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , Goldberg explained that “ [ d ] iscrimination is not simply dollars and cents , hamburgers and movies ; it is the humiliation , frustration , and embarrassment that a person must surely feel when they are told that they are unacceptable as a member of the public because of their race or color . ”
No less than racial minorities , LGBT individuals are our friends , neighbors , family members and co-workers . They work hard , serve in the military and pay taxes . When it comes to being served by a business otherwise open to the public , longstanding Colorado laws say gay and transgender people should be treated like anyone else , and not be subjected to discrimination . The same principle of equal human dignity should apply .
And in fact the Supreme Court has , in a series of decisions since 1996 , acknowledged that we all deserve the same respect for our equal dignity , regardless of who we are or whom we love . In Romer v. Evans , the court invalidated an amendment to the Colorado Constitution , adopted by statewide referendum , that prohibited all government action designed to protect gays and lesbians from discrimination . Writing for the court , Justice Anthony Kennedy stated that the Colorado Constitution “ classifies homosexuals not to further a proper legislative end but to make them unequal to everyone else . This Colorado can not do . ”
A few years later , in Lawrence v. Texas , the Supreme Court invalidated Texas ' criminal prohibition on sexual relationships between two individuals of the same sex . Kennedy 's opinion for the court again emphasized the fundamental equal dignity of gays and lesbians : “ It suffices for us to acknowledge that adults may choose to enter upon this relationship in the confines of their homes and their own private lives and still retain their dignity as free persons . ”
And of course , the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in Obergefell v. Hodges – acknowledging the fundamental right of same-sex couples to marry – was grounded in the majority 's recognition that “ [ t ] here is dignity in the bond between two men or two women who seek to marry and in their autonomy to make such profound choices . ”
Set against this line of cases , the question in Masterpiece Cakeshop is whether we recognize this human dignity , or instead grant companies sweeping license to discriminate against millions of our LGBT neighbors and family members on the basis of personal religious conviction . It 's about whether we allow the perpetuation of second-class status for gays and lesbians , denying them the dignity of participating on an equal footing in civic life . Just as we rejected the conclusion decades ago that the free exercise of religion can justify racial subjugation and segregation , so too should we reject the assertion today that the First Amendment allows gays and lesbians to be subjected to , as Congress put it in 1964 , the “ humiliation , frustration , and embarrassment that a person must surely feel when they are told that they are unacceptable as a member of the public . ”
This conclusion does not require business owners to abandon their own deeply held personal views or endorse someone else 's marriage , any more than providing commercial services to a customer requires business owners to agree with everything the customer believes . It simply means that businesses providing a service to the public are open to everyone on the same terms .
The contrary conclusion – that companies can pick and choose whom they are willing to serve based on whom that person is , or whom they love – creates a slippery slope that is perhaps obvious , but that nonetheless bears noting . If a company can refuse to sell wedding cakes to a gay couple on the basis of religious conviction , can restaurants refuse to serve food to divorcees , or families with children born out of wedlock , if the owner 's religious views do not countenance divorce or extramarital sex ? Could a hotel refuse to rent rooms to an interracial couple ?
The Justice Department argues in a brief it filed in the Supreme Court last week that certain businesses should in fact be allowed to discriminate against their customers when they provide services otherwise open to all . The government bases this striking argument , in part , on the contention that baking a wedding cake is a creative , expressive act that exempts the bakery from nondiscrimination laws . In essence , the Justice Department wants to constitutionalize a right to discriminate based on sexual orientation – which flies in the face of the Supreme Court 's statement in Obergefell that when “ sincere , personal opposition becomes enacted law and public policy , the necessary consequence is to put the imprimatur of the State itself on an exclusion that soon demeans or stigmatizes those whose own liberty is then denied . ”
Just as the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was not about hamburgers and movies , Masterpiece Cakeshop is – as Charlie Craig 's mother has poignantly explained – not about the cake . It is about whether we classify our own neighbors as second-class citizens based on whom they love , or whether states instead have a legitimate interest in recognizing the equal dignity of everyone in America , and in eliminating all discrimination in public places .
Recommended Citation : Vanita Gupta , Symposium : Discrimination is not a fundamental American value , SCOTUSblog ( Sep. 12 , 2017 , 2:28 PM ) , https : //www.scotusblog.com/2017/09/symposium-discrimination-not-fundamental-american-value/
Étape : The Untold Stories of the Tour de France 's Defining Stages . By Richard Moore . Velo Press ; 344 pages ; $ 18.95 . HarperSport ; £20 . Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Shadows on the Road : Life at the Heart of the Peloton , from US Postal to Team Sky . By Michael Barry . Faber & Faber ; 257 pages ; £17.99 . Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
Lanterne Rouge : The Last Man in the Tour de France.By Max Leonard.Yellow Jersey Press ; 264 pages ; £16.99 . Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
“ FOR the majority , the Tour de France is not about winning , ” argues Richard Moore , in “ Étape ” , their account of the cycling race 's classic stages . “ The great myth of the Tour is that the riders are all engaged in the main narrative , the battle for yellow. ” The Tour , which starts this year on July 5th , is unique in the sporting calendar for the way it blurs the distinction between individual and team competition . Some may see Bradley Wiggins 's triumph in 2012 , the first by a Briton , as one of the supreme solo performances in the country 's sporting history , but it was only possible because of the dedication of their director , mechanics and , above all , teammates .
Only a select few of the 200-odd riders who start the Tour harbour realistic ambitions of riding through Paris on the final stage , wearing the winner 's yellow jersey . Among the rest are specialist climbers , chasing the title of “ King of the Mountains ” ; sprinters , who come alive only at certain points in a stage ; and domestiques ( “ servants ” ) , who do whatever is required to support their team leader .
The name of this last group was coined pejoratively by Henri Desgrange , the occasionally sadistic founder of the race . Desgrange believed that the perfect Tour was one that was so punishing that only a single rider would finish . The idea of a cyclist sacrificing themselves to help another was abhorrent . Yet in pursuing their vision , Desgrange made the Tour so difficult that they ended up creating a culture of co-operation . In “ Shadows on the Road ” , Michael Barry , a domestique in the 1990s and 2000s , describes how “ Once a rider is no longer a factor in a race…he forms a truce with their rivals…On a daily basis , [ they ] will share water , food , clothing and effort just to make it to the finish to ride another day. ” Once , Mr Barry was knocked off their bike during a race by a motorcycle manned by a television crew . The crew , whose pictures were integral to the race 's coverage , went unpunished . As a “ mere domestique ” , Mr Barry was expendable .
Occasionally a domestique has their day ; one of Mr Moore 's most engaging essays relates to a French rider , Joël Pelier , who led the second-longest solo breakaway in Tour history in 1989 . More typical is the relationship Mr Moore describes between Mark Cavendish , a British sprinter , and their teammate , Bernhard Eisel . On a mountain stage in 2010 Mr Cavendish was ill and desperate to quit . Mr Eisel stuck with him , exhorting them to continue , carrying Mr Cavendish 's sunglasses and radio , all the while calculating the pace needed for the pair to finish inside the cut-off time . A good domestique takes their pleasure vicariously .
Many a domestique has won the tongue-in-cheek prize for the rider who finishes the Tour last . Max Leonard 's “ Lanterne Rouge ” is an investigation of these men , whose trophy was inspired by the red lamp that once hung off the back of trains to indicate that the line was free . In the stories of these riders , Mr Leonard finds an “ antidote to the driven , sometimes clinical approach to sport ” seen at the front of the peloton ( the main group of cyclists ) . They dispel the notion that the winners of the lanterne are the worst riders in the race . Those , they believe , are the riders who fail to finish . No man who completes the Tour ( and only men compete ) is a loser .
Mr Leonard 's conceit works because the stories of the lanternes are the story of the Tour in microcosm . There are the meritorious : Pierre Matignon , a Frenchman who brought up the rear in 1969 but still won a stage by beating the legendary Eddy Merckx up the fearsome Puy de Dôme ; and the only three-time lanterne , Wim Vansevenant of Belgium , a dour domestique who eventually came to see their prize as recognition of their self-sacrifice . There are the opportunists who saw the commercial benefits of coming last . In 1979 an Austrian rider , Gerhard Schönbacher , infuriated race officials by walking the last 100 metres down the Champs-Élysées , engulfed by journalists and photographers . And then there are the cheats : the lanterne in 1997 , Philippe Gaumont , was so in thrall to drugs that they rubbed their scrotum raw with salt to simulate saddle problems and get cortisone from a sympathetic doctor .
Doping engulfed the back of the peloton just as much as it did the leaders . Mr Barry , who was banned in 2012 for six months , gives a depressingly familiar list of reasons why they succumbed : “ Everyone was doing it . It was healthier . It restored our natural levels of hormones…I had to dope to keep my job. ” The saddest aspect of cycling 's drug-dependency is that it broke the trust that had held the peloton together . In 2001 Christophe Bassons , a French cyclist who had spoken out about doping , retired from the sport after rivals tried to shove them off the road into a ditch .
A recent sequence of wins by riders who have never tested positive for drugs has helped return some sense of wonder to the Tour . But these three books show how there is rather more to watch out for each year than the battle for first prize .
OPINION | KITCHENER , Ontario — In any oligarchy , as an election approaches , government officials seeking re-election , and those hoping to replace them , all seek out the potential donors with the deepest pockets and most ample checkbooks . This , of course , is true in the United States , where no one can reasonably be expected to win an election without the backing and financial support of the country 's most prominent lobby groups . These organizations know that candidates auction themselves off periodically , and the highest bidder wins the prize of having an elected official who will serve the dictates of the winning bidder .
In the U.S. , no candidate worthy of even calling them or themselves a candidate would consider ignoring one of the most powerful special interest groups , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee . This group has funnelled millions of dollars to candidates who will worship appropriately at its unholy altar , and overlook all human rights abuses and violations of international law committed by Israel . And their name is legion .
Writing for Arab News in November of 2012 , Tanya Cariina Hsu , a British Saudi-U.S. political analyst , asserted :
“ … no politician can be elected into office without AIPAC 's support . No president can take the White House without affirming unbreakable allegiance to Israel , and attendance at the annual AIPAC meeting is mandatory . Once in office every member of Congress is expected to act , vote and defend the state of Israel on almost every issue , or face the consequences . ”
In fact , when it comes to matters relating to the Middle East and Israel , MJ Rosenberg , a former AIPAC employee , revealed : “ AIPAC writes the legislation ( or letters , resolutions , etc ) which are then handed over to legislators to drop in the hopper , gather cosponsors , and get it passed or sent. “
The GOP 's devotion to Israel
With a presidential election a mere one year away , and with seemingly half the population clamoring to be the chosen candidate of one party or the other , the adoration of AIPAC and Israel is at fever pitch . Sen. Ted Cruz , a Republican from Texas , has no less than 69 press releases on their campaign website , praising Israel , discussing the need for the U.S. to strengthen its bonds with that regime , or criticizing either President Barack Obama or the United Nations for any tepid reproach of that nation . Between April 1 , 2009 and March 31 , 2015 Mr. Cruz received $ 100,354 from various Israeli lobbies . Shortly after being elected to their first term , Mr. Cruz intensely interrogated Chuck Hagel , who had just been nominated as Defense Secretary , asking particularly about Mr. Hagel 's past comments critical of Israel . Mr. Cruz then voted against Mr. Hagel 's confirmation , thus satisfying their Israeli masters .
Another candidate for the Republican nomination , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , “ only ” has about 30 press releases supportive of Israel on their site , which is puzzling , since Israeli lobbies have donated $ 147,430 to them in the same period mentioned above . But perhaps Mr. Cruz recognizes that they simply need to work harder to please this particular master .
In a post on “ supporting and safeguarding Israel , ” Mr. Rubio argues : “ We have a national security interest in making sure Israel is strong , ” and , further , “ Israel deserves our support and respect. ” They do not elaborate on either of these bizarre statements on their website , but let us look at them in some detail . What , one wonders , does Israel have to do with U.S. national security ? Israel does nothing for the U.S. , except embarrass it on the world stage and use it as its very own cash cow . And with billions of dollars in annual aid , much of it in military equipment , Israel has become the fourth most powerful country militarily in the world . It would seem to many people that Israel is strong already .
But an even more puzzling question is why “ Israel deserves our support and respect. ” For decades , Israel has occupied Palestine in violation of international law . There are separate roads for Israelis and Palestinians in the West Bank , with the Israeli roads being far better maintained . Collective punishment for Palestinians is commonplace . The killing of unarmed Palestinians is routine . It appears that Israel , rather than deserving “ our support and respect , ” deserves international sanctions and disdain .
Other candidates also appear to have Israel 's interests front and center . On Dec. 3 , referring to the first day of the administration resulting from their most unlikely election , former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush told the Republican Jewish Coalition : “ On day one I will work with the next attorney general to stop the BDS [ Boycott , Divest and Sanction ] movement in the United States. ” A study on what this would mean for freedom of speech in the U.S. is a topic for another essay .
Speaking to the Republican Jewish Coalition in Las Vegas in April , New York Gov . George Pataki said : “ BDS is not a human rights movement . It is an anti-Semitic movement . And it must be stopped , ” demonstrating their apparent ignorance of BDS , human rights and anti-Semitism — all in three short sentences .
Businessman and entertainer Donald Trump and retired surgeon Ben Carson both announced trips to Israel , which may be more important for Mr. Trump , who has n't exactly toed the Israeli party line . Mr. Carson has said , “ Israel will have a very strong friend if I am president , ” so their trip is probably more to cement their Israeli credentials . For Mr. Trump , they must prove them .
Contributions to and statements by the above-referenced candidates are just a random sample , giving the reader an idea of the value inherent in — how shall we put this — kissing up to the Israeli lobby . Never mind that the U.N. has issued more resolutions critical of Israel than of all other nations on the planet combined ! Pay no attention to the Israeli bombing of U.N. refugee centers , press vehicles , residential neighborhoods and hospitals in Palestine ! When hundreds of thousands , or even millions , of dollars in campaign contributions are at stake , what do international law , human rights or even common human decency have to do with it ?
But what about the Dems ?
Now let 's move across the aisle , and look at the Democratic side . Despite any personal animosity that President Barack Obama may harbor toward Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , they have consistently protected Israel from accountability at the U.N. , and continued the flow of money and arms to Israel . Yet despite this , the president has always had to watch their step . During a speech to AIPAC in 2011 , prior to their re-election campaign , Mr. Obama was not sufficiently deferential . As a result , one prominent Israeli leader speculated that they lost $ 10 million in political contributions .
Looking ahead , the picture does n't change.The nomination of Hillary Clinton is said by many to be all but assured . And as with all the other candidates , when seeking office in an oligarchy , one must look for where one can get the biggest bang for the buck . Why contact a million people for a few dollars each , when one can contact just a few people to obtain millions from each ? Mrs. Clinton knows this well . One of their most ardent fans is a gentleman by the name of Haim Saban , who holds dual U.S. and Israeli citizenship .
Mr. Saban has proclaimed : “ I 'm a one-issue guy and that issue is Israel. ” In July of 2014 , Mr. Saban , who has a personal fortune estimated at $ 3.6 billion , was asked how much they intended to contribute to Mrs. Clinton 's presidential campaign . Their response was simple : “ As much as is needed . ”
Mrs. Clinton 's admiration of Israel is well-known . In a letter to Mr. Saban , they bemoaned the growing success of the BDS movement against Israel , sought ways of countering it , and said that peace between Israel and Palestine could only happen through negotiations . Perhaps Mrs. Clinton is unaware that negotiations can only be successful between two parties which possess something the other wants , something which can only be obtained by surrendering something it has . Israel takes whatever it wants from Palestine with complete impunity . Why should Palestine negotiate ? Israel will simply continue to take whatever it wants .
During their 2006 Senate campaign , Mrs. Clinton received the seemingly paltry sum of $ 83,000 from Israeli lobbies . However , when one considers their fawning adoration of Israel , along with their name recognition and incumbency , and compares that to their little-known opponent , John Spencer , a former mayor of Yonkers , New York , that money can be seen as symbolic , merely a token to let them know of better things to come .
Some Democrats see in Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders the savior they expected Mr. Obama to be in 2008 . Yet one wonders why it is so hard for people to learn that politicians are just that : politicians . Mr. Sanders dances around the Israel-Palestine issue , for one thing , and faults Hamas for shooting rockets into Israel , rockets that Norman Finkelstein , son of Holocaust survivors and an outspoken critic of Israel , refers to as “ enhanced fireworks. ” While they themselves do n't accept money from AIPAC , they must be careful not to alienate that lobby , or their opponent will reap the financial benefits .
Peeking through the cracks of a once-impenetrable wall
There are signs , however , that the stranglehold that the AIPAC had for decades on U.S. governance may have loosened , if only just a bit . AIPAC spent millions of dollars lobbying Congress to oppose the agreement between the U.S. , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany ( the P5+1 ) with Iran , to regulate Iran 's nuclear development , an agreement that has now passed into law . For years AIPAC purported to represent all U.S. Jews , but other Jewish organizations , including J Street , another Israeli lobby group , supported the agreement with Iran .
Progress in the hallowed halls of the U.S. Congress is slow , to put it mildly . No one is suggesting that the U.S. do anything so rash as follow the example of 134 countries , and recognize Palestine .
The candles at the AIPAC altar still burn brightly for those seeking campaign funds who are willing to compromise their principles for the almighty dollar . Yet a crack in a seemingly impenetrable wall has appeared , and people are peeking in and seeing apartheid on the other side . The vise-like grip AIPAC has had for decades on the U.S. Congress has slipped just a little , and it will be next to impossible for all the Zionists in the world to retighten it .
A small but significant step was taken in September , when the U.N. approved a resolution to raise the Palestinian flag at the U.N . The Palestinian representative to the U.N. , Riyad Mansour , said : “ It is a symbolic thing , but another step to solidify the pillars of the state of Palestine in the international arena . ”
This is all good news for Palestine ; it is only to be wished that the process would accelerate .
A racing yacht sailing for Team Vestas Wind in the Volvo Ocean Race ran aground on a reef in the Indian Ocean , forcing all nine of the sailors onboard to abandon ship in the predawn hours Sunday , according to a press release issued by the race . All hands were rescued safely and transported to Ile du Sud , a tiny island some 250 miles northwest of Mauritius .
The collision broke the boat 's rudders ; the boat began taking on water late Saturday night . After battling rough seas , Australian skipper Chris Nicholson—runner-up in the past two editions of the race—gave the order to abandon ship around midnight . The crew was able to wade to a dry section of the reef to wait about two hours for rescue . A rival team diverted and prepared to assist their competitors but pressed on when it was clear they faced no immediate danger .
The Volvo Ocean Race , formerly known as the Whitbread Round the World Race , is a race around the world that 's been held every three years since 1973 . This year 's edition pits seven teams of nine sailors against each other . The race started in October in Alicante , Spain , and is expected to end in June 2015 in Gothenburg , Sweden .
‘ In a hole in the ground there lived a Hobbit . '
From this humble sentence coined by J.R.R . Tolkien in the early 1930s , the novel we know today as The Hobbit was born . Its sequel , The Lord of the Rings took New Zealand by storm when our very own Academy Award®-winning filmmaker Sir Peter Jackson brought the trilogy to the big screen .
New Zealand is home to Middle-earth once again , with the release of the first of three films based on The Hobbit , entitled The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey .
The film follows the journey of title character Bilbo Baggins , who is swept into an epic quest to reclaim the lost Dwarf Kingdom of Erebor from the fearsome dragon Smaug . Approached out of the blue by the Wizard Gandalf the Grey , Bilbo finds themselves joining a company of thirteen Dwarves led by the legendary warrior , Thorin Oakenshield . Their journey will take them into the Wild ; through treacherous lands swarming with Goblins and Orcs , deadly Wargs and Sorcerers .
New Zealand Post is excited to issue official stamps and coins celebrating The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey . The range of stamp and coin products not only portray the characters and themes of the film , but also reflect New Zealand as the home of Middle-earth , and are destined to be collectables for years to come .
For definitions on coin products and terms that you may come across in this coin issue click here .
Finished products may differ from those illustrated online .
GETTY Lord Guthrie has switched from the Remain camp to the Leave camp
Lord Guthrie has spoken of their fears surrounding a potential “ European army ” and claimed severing ties with the bloc would be “ better for defence ” . This comes despite the Government promising it would “ never be part of an EU army ” . Lord Guthrie , who was the professional head of the British Army between 1994 and 1997 , had previously put their name down on a letter calling for Britain to stay in the Union .
GETTY Jean-Claude Juncker 's European Commission is allegedly planning to create an EU army
But the military veteran has now claimed that was “ a mistake ” and urged British voters to abandon Jean-Claude Juncker 's band of Brussels bureaucrats . The original letter , which originated in Downing Street , argued that the EU was an “ increasingly important pillar of our security ” . It cited the growing threats faced from the likes of Islamic State , Russian nationalism and Middle East instability as reasons Britain should stick with Brussels .
GETTY In April , a military police unit carried out European Union-funded special training
The letter said : “ Britain will have to confront these challenges whether it is inside or outside the EU . But within the EU , we are stronger. ” But Cameron 's Eurocratic crew has now been dealt a major blow from Field Marshal Lord Guthrie , who described the prospect of an EU army as “ disastrous ” . They told the Daily Telegraph : “ I think a European army could damage Nato . It is expensive .
“ It 's unnecessary duplication to have it . It would appeal to some Euro vanity thing . `` There 's a feeling that those backing the European army are doing it for political reasons rather than military ones .
EU referendum : Reasons to vote in & out Tue , May 24 , 2016 On the 23 June Britain decides whether to leave or remain in the European Union . Here are 6 reasons to vote in or out . Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 15 Reasons to remain or leave the EU
“ They want to be able to boast , 'Look ! We 've got a European army ' . That is dangerous. ” In April , a military police unit carried out European Union-funded special training , ready to be deployed in the event of civil unrest or war .
GETTY Lord Guthrie claimed that an EU army could damage NATO
The boy was under supervision when the accident happened
New questions have been raised about US gun laws after a boy aged eight shot themselves in the head with a submachine gun at a Massachusetts weapons fair .
Christopher Bizilj died after losing control of a recoiling Uzi submachine gun as they fired it at a pumpkin .
Both the boy 's father and an instructor were present when the accident happened on Sunday at the gun show in Westfield .
State legislators are now considering drafting a bill banning under-21s from firing automatic weapons , reports say .
`` We should take swift action to provide some reasonable restrictions on this type of unreasonable practice , '' Congressman Michael Costello told the Boston Globe newspaper .
`` It 's almost indescribable that within a year of leaving a booster seat , an eight-year-old can be holding a submachine gun . ''
Strict laws
The boy 's father , Charles Bizilj , said they were 10ft ( 3m ) behind Christopher when the accident happened at the Machine Gun Shoot and Firearms Expo .
Mr Bizilj told the Globe they had allowed their son to shoot the Uzi - which can fire hundreds of rounds a minute - because it was considered to have little recoil .
They said Christopher had fired handguns and rifles before , but never an automatic weapon .
`` This is a horrible event , a horrible travesty , and I really do n't know why it happened , '' said Mr Bizilj , a hospital director from Ashford , Connecticut .
Police have described the incident as a `` self-inflicted accidental shooting '' .
But they are continuing to investigate whether the fair 's organisers and Westfield Sportsmen 's Club - the private shooting club where the gun show was held - held the appropriate licences .
Massachusetts has strict gun laws that require parental consent and the presence of a certified and licensed instructor before a child is allowed to fire a weapon .
Declining bee population causing a buzz Video
HAGERSTOWN , Md . - It 's no secret bees are disappearing from the environment and now from the grocery store .
To make a statement about the world 's plummeting bee population , Cheerios has pulled its mascot bee off of its Honey Nut Cheerios box .
For the first time this year , a bee species became the first in the continental United States to be declared endangered . The Rusty Patched Bumble Bee was declared endangered in the U.S. by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service ; its population has declined more than 87 percent since the 1990 's .
`` The bees go out on the plants that have had pesticides on [ them ] , bring it back into the hive and it kills the bees . The Varrora Mite ( an invasive species ) goes in , attaches to the bees and transmits different viruses to 'em . It kills them , ” said Rick Stephens , Vice President of the Washington County Beekeepers Association .
Bees play a critical role in pollinating over thirty percent of the world 's food supply .
`` There 's a shortage of bees , and we have a sticker on our truck with our businesses ' name . We 've been flagged down , [ and ] people ask if we have any bees because they need pollination , ” explained Daniel Smith , F & D Apiaries .
Smith is a fourth generation beekeeper , who is actually allergic to bees
Smith 's family has “ pollination contracts ” with farmers who can not sell their crops without a certain amount of bees per acre .
`` New Jersey for blueberries ; California for almonds ; Virginia , Pennsylvania and Maryland for apples ; Maryland and Delaware for watermelons ; Maryland and Delaware for cucumbers . I think that 's about all we cover right now , ” laughed Smith .
Smith said they believe the beekeeper population is declining along with the population of bees . That is a phenomenon they partially attribute to the hard work the profession demands .
That is hard work they remain passionate about , because it gives them the opportunity to educate others about the importance of bees .
So , what can be done to help them ?
“ Part of the act is to get state lands to provide habitats for pollinators , ” said Stephens .
“ A big problem [ has ] been spraying with pesticides recently , so not spraying in the middle of the day when bees are flying [ is the way to go ] , ” added Smith .
The duo also suggested planting a pollinator-friendly garden , but Stephens stressed to check that your seeds are “ pesticide free ” first , explaining many seeds are pre-treated with neonicotinoids .
Stephens also suggested following what the State of Maryland does regarding the Pollinator Protection Act , which `` would limit the amount of pesticides people can use and promote the planting of pollinator-friendly plant species . ”
1 . Use an in-shower moisturizer .
If you hate taking a shower , toweling off , lotioning up , and then waiting a while for your moisturizer to sink in , throw an in-shower moisturizer into your mix . After lathering up with your usual body cleanser , apply a hydrating formula like Olay Ultra Moisture In-Shower Body Lotion from your neck down . The warmth and humidity of the shower opens up your pores , allowing the moisturizing ingredients ( hi , shea butter ) to be absorbed into your skin , so that after you rinse and towel off , your skin remains super soft . Genius , right ?
2 . Wash your hair with a cleansing conditioner .
How great would it be to cleanse and condition your hair at the same time ? Boom , it 's now possible thanks to the latest hair care concoction , aka cleansing conditioners . These sulfate-free , hair color-friendly formulas are one-fourth shampoo and three-fourths conditioner and are sure to be your new bathroom BFF . Try L'Oréal EverCreme Cleansing Conditioner .
3 . Wrap your hair in a microfiber towel post-shower .
`` Gather your hair into a microfiber towel , wrap it on top of your head , and allow it to soak up any excess water while you apply your skincare regimen , '' says Nathaniel Hawkins , a celebrity hairstylist in NYC . `` The microfiber fabric absorbs water through osmosis , wicking it away . And since 80 percent of your blow-drying time is used removing the water from your hair , this simple step will cut your drying time in half and get you out the door quicker . ''
4 . Pick up a foundation or BB cream that targets multiple needs .
`` A multipurpose base is crucial when you 're trying to get ready in a pinch , '' says LA-based makeup artist Joanna Schlip . `` Pick out one that targets your skincare needs and gives you the coverage you need — you 'll end up eliminating so many steps you wo n't know what to do with your extra a.m . time . '' One like Physicians Formula Super BB All-in-1 Beauty Balm Cream has hydrating glycerin , antioxidants vitamin C and E ( these help brighten and protect your skin from free radicals , which cause premature aging ) , Luxsil powder that leaves a soft-focus , luminous finish , offers up SPF 30 protection , and helps control oil with white willowbark extract .
5 . Contour your cheeks using the `` three '' technique .
We do n't all have a pro makeup artist at our disposal , but here is a quick trick to help contour your cheekbones Kardashian-style . `` Using a kabuki brush , swirl it over your matte bronzer and then starting along your hairline , begin tracing the number three ( on the right side ) , bringing the brush along the perimeter of your face , back in toward the center of your face directly under your cheekbone , and back out again along the perimeter of your face again , swiping it under your jawbone and ending up at your chin , '' Schlip explains . `` After you repeat a backwards three on the left side of your face , make sure to blend the bronzer a little , so you ca n't see a literal number three on your face . ''
6 . Pick an eye shadow palette that takes the guesswork out of getting ready .
To avoid wasting your time staring at the zillions of eye shadow colors you could accent your eyes with , `` use a palette with designated colors for your eyelid , crease , and brow bone , '' Schlip says . `` That way you can do up your eyes in a second without even thinking about what shades go well together . Then , wet an eyeliner brush and swipe it over the darkest shadow and use that as your eyeliner . '' Done and done . Try Revlon Photo Ready Primer + Eyeshadow Graffiti .
7 . Use a cool-toned , navyeye liner to cancel out any redness and instantly wake up your eyes .
If you pulled an all-nighter ( whether you were studying or out with your friends ) and your eyes look as red as Elmo , `` trace them with a navy eye liner to counteract the redness , Schlip adds . `` Whatever you do , stay away from any liner colors that are red-based — they 'll only make your eyes appear more red . ''
8 . Choose one multitasking hair product and apply it with a vent brush to evenly distribute it .
`` Applying several products to your hair takes time , '' says Hawkins . `` So to speed up your routine , use one styling product that does multiple things , and then apply it using a vent brush for even application . Once you 've brushed the product into your hair , rinse off your brush and continue styling as you normally would . '' One multitasking styler they recommend : Alterna CC Cream , which delivers 10 benefits in one , providing moisture , shine , smoothness , softness , UV protection , manageability , strength , anti-breakage , heat protection , and light hold .
9 . Use the same product on your eyes , cheeks , and lips .
`` One of the quickest ways to put on your makeup is to apply your foundation and then choose one color and swipe it onto your eyes , lips , and cheeks using your fingertip for a monochromatic look , '' says NYC-based makeup artist Lauren Cosenza . `` Nars the Multiple and MAC Cream Colour Base are both ones I use on a regular basis , '' says Cosenza .
10 . Skip a full face of makeup and just apply red lipstick .
`` If you 're really squeezed for time , apply some red lipstick , '' says Schlip . `` You 'll look like you spent an hour doing your 'makeup ' when you spent only two minutes . ''
11 . Braid your hair the night before .
`` When your hair is slightly damp from the shower '' — you could also re-wet your hair with some water or a heat protectant spray — `` braid it into two braids for loose waves , four braids if you want medium waves , and six braided sections if you want your waves to be tighter , '' explains Hawkins . `` Then , sleep on them , and when you wake up , hit your hair with the heat from your blow-dryer or run a flatiron over each braid to set your style . Then unravel each one and lock your waves into place with hairspray . '' Voil !
12 . Curl your eyelashes , apply some mascara , and go !
`` Curling your eyelashes seems like an unnecessary step , but it can actually be the only preparation your eyes need to look polished , '' says Cosenza . `` Doing so not only makes your eyes look more open and awake , but after you apply mascara onto your lashes and trace the inner upper rim of your eye with black liner , your fringe will appear fuller — like you 're wearing falsies . At that point , you can skip eye shadow and go ! ''
13 . Revive your style with a texturizing spray .
`` Using an aerosol texturizing spray , like Oribe Dry Texturizing Spray , creates that coveted second-day , bedhead hair every girl wants , '' says Hawkins . `` All you have to do to get instant texture and movement is to flip your head over , spray it onto your hair , and watch your hair be transformed . ''
14 . Get stand-out brows without messing with powders and pencils .
`` Mixing pencils and powders to fill in sparse spots within your eyebrows can be time-consuming , '' says Cosenza . `` Instead , use a colored brow mascara . It saves a ton of time because all you have to do is swipe the bristle brush over the tiny hairs and your brows will immediately look fuller . Just make sure to wipe down the brush a bit , so you do n't apply too much of the formula onto your brows . You want them to look enhanced , not unnatural . ''
15 . Revive curly hair with a shine spray .
`` If you have curly hair or second-day waves that you want to revive , what I often reach for on set in a pinch is an aerosol shine spray , '' says Hawkins . `` The challenge curly-haired girls have is that their curls absorb the light , making them appear dull . So what the aerosol shine spray does is fills any empty pockets in the curls with its lightweight , tiny molecules that then help reflect the light , making the curls look defined and beautiful . '' Try Redken Shine Flash 02 .
16 . Use your lipstick as your cheek color .
`` If you do n't have time to fake a flush with blush , apply your lipstick to your mouth with your fingers , and then apply any excess onto your cheeks , '' says Schlip . `` The color basically will double as a cream blush . ''
17 . Skip highlighter around your eyes and just use concealer .
`` Instead of taking the extra time to add highlighter to the inner corners of your eyes , apply your concealer to cancel out any darkness and lighten those areas up , '' Schlip adds .
18 . Use hot tools that do the work for you .
`` Investing in professional-grade hot tools will have you out the door in no time , '' says Hawkins . `` For example , a blow-dryer with a powerful motor and a strong air flow , like Babyliss Ferrari Dryer , will cut your drying time in half ; a flatiron with a digital thermometer , like one from Corioliss , will maintain its heat through every pass you make over each section of hair , straightening your hair quickly ; and a curling iron that spins in place , like the Beachwaver , curls your entire head in under 10 minutes . ''
19 . Opt for all cream cosmetics and use your fingers to apply them .
`` By using your fingers to apply your makeup , you eliminate the time it takes to find the right brush , apply your makeup perfectly using each tool , and then washing them after to avoid bacteria build-up , '' says Cosenza .
20 . Having a bad hair day ? Throw it into a polished , yet undone chignon .
Everyone has a bad hair day , so when one strikes , throw your hair up into a pretty , low side bun , pin it into place with bobby pins , and go .
Here 's to looking gorgeous and getting ready in under 10 minutes !
Photo Credit : Credit Getty Images/Thinkstockphoto/Gallerystock/Elizabeth Griffin
Dedicated fans are giving new life to the shuttlecraft used in the original `` Star Trek '' television series .
NEW YORK — Two `` Star Trek '' fans are boldly attempting what many have tried ( and failed ) to do before : breathing new life into a beloved TV shuttlecraft .
Adam Schneider and Alec Peters — two superfans of the venerable 1960s TV show — are a few weeks away from completing the first successful restoration of the life-size Shuttlecraft Galileo , a 24-foot ( 7.3 meter ) long set piece featured on the show .
Before Schneider and Peters came along , other `` Star Trek '' fans tried to restore Galileo but nothing lasted . The shuttlecraft was eventually stored in Ohio until Schneider bought it at auction in 2012 . [ See Photos of the Galileo Restoration ]
`` We looked for this for two years , and we finally were able to find it in its decrepit shape , '' Peters told SPACE.com . `` It was important to preserve it because it is a piece of not just TV history , but our space program 's history . ''
`` Star Trek '' fans and space geeks around the world have a vested interest in the restoration of the spacecraft that would shuttle Captain Kirk and their crew to and from the Starship Enterprise in the original series because of the TV program 's influence on the American space program .
The term `` space shuttle '' actually originated from Galileo , Schneider said . Before `` Star Trek '' introduced the shuttlecraft in 1966 , `` space shuttle '' was not a term used by NASA or any other space agency .
`` It 's really the biggest surviving movie or TV set probably of the modern era , '' Peters said . `` The Galileo was such an important part of 'Star Trek , ' and not just 'Star Trek , ' but literally the consciousness of the space program . It really is the precursor to the space shuttle Enterprise . ''
Schneider — an avid collector of spaceships and spaceship miniatures — won the large spacecraft during an online auction in June 2012 . Since then , they have been involved in the restoration of the broken , rotted and battered ship .
Pieces of television show sets like Galileo were made to be broken down and dismantled at the end of shooting , so the fictional spacecraft model was not built to last , Peters said . And it shows . The metal framework of Galileo was disintegrating by the time Schneider started their work .
After winning their prize , Schneider shopped around for the perfect place to bring their idea for the restoration to life .
Schneider eventually found a boat refurbishment organization called Master Shipwrights in their home state of New Jersey that could cater the restoration to their specific needs . The ship-restorers-turned-spaceship-rescuers know how to cater to Galileo 's specific needs in order to rebuild it to last .
`` If you looked prerestoration , all you would do is cry , '' Schneider said . `` When you look at the 'post , ' you can see what the original design and intent was . ''
Peters and Schneider want to share their `` labor of love '' with anyone who is interested in seeing it . After the refurbishment is finished , Galileo will be placed in a yet-to-be-named public space .
Many Trekkies have emailed photos and information to Peters and Schneider to aid in the restoration process . A fan in Las Vegas allowed Peters to measure an original piece of the ship the fan won at auction in order to be sure that part of the ship is true to its original form .
`` 'Star Trek ' is supposed to be our future in space , '' Schneider said . `` It is not fictional — it is , of course — but it is n't intended to be a galaxy far , far away . It is intended to be what we do on this planet with our capabilities over the next few hundred years , and as such , it 's inspiring . ''
Follow Miriam Kramer on Twitter and Google+ . Follow us on Twitter , Facebook and Google+ . Original article on SPACE.com .
Copyright 2013 SPACE.com , a TechMediaNetwork company . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Blind drunk ... it 's a phrase that 's not yet been condemned as being offensive to the visually impaired , though that may change after this article is published . Somehow though , `` visually impaired drunk '' just does n't convey the right mental image .
Anyway , getting drunk to the point where you begin to lose your senses should be a conscious choice . If you actually ARE blind and sober , and wish to remain that way ( the latter , at least ) , then Japanese brewers have got your best interests in mind .
Soda cans , beer cans , canned coffee ... in Japan , it 's not always easy to distinguish one from the other with your eyes closed . With that in mind , Japanese brewers have begun stamping patterns of raised dots on top of their beer cans .
In Braille , the dots read `` alcohol '' though some of Kirin Brewery 's cans spell out `` Kirin Beer '' . If Kirin was really smart , they 'd put Braille labels on their beer vending machines before competing brands do !
Alcohol Braille identifiers on beer cans are just one more way the visually impaired are given extra consideration in Japan .
Braille raised dots can also be found on handrails leading to and from underground subway stations , where they state the name of the station . No telling whether this helps drunken Japanese `` salarymen '' find their way home any easier after an office party , but it sure ca n't hurt ! ( via Pingmag and Flickr )
Steve Levenstein
Japanese Innovations Writer
InventorSpot.com
9197 SHARES Share Tweet
Please help us spread the word about Paige Corbin out of Monroeville , Pennsylvania by sharing this report .
🔊 LISTEN TO REPORT
UPDATE — FANTASTIC news ! Because of all of you amazing Pennsylvania Missing Report people sharing this report , Paige has been found and is now home safe and sound with their family ! I owe you all a huge thank you for this .
BY REQUEST — This missing person was submitted via our submission form and is being created by user request . We are making you fully aware that this missing person report may not immediately follow the release of an official police or news report . With that said , we ask that you share this report at your own discretion .
STORY CONTINUES BELOW
ORIGINAL REPORT : MONROEVILLE — The Family is asking for the local public 's assistance in locating missing 17 year old Paige Corbin out of the Monroeville , Pennsylvania area .
Paige was last seen March 29 , 2017 . Them hair is currently dyed red . They have pierced ears . Paige is missing their 2 front incisors and they suffer from headaches and depression . It is believed they may be headed for the Warren area of Ohio . Paige may be wearing a brown and white fuzzy coat and carrying a red backpack with their name on it .
Paige is described as :
• GENDER : Female .
• ETHNICITY : White .
• HAIR : Dyed Red .
• EYES : Brown .
• HEIGHT : 5 feet 4 inches .
• WEIGHT : 160 pounds .
Do you know something ?
If you have any information in regards to Paige 's whereabouts , you are being asked to contact the Monroeville Police Department at 1 412-856-1111 immediately .
Want to stay anonymous ?
If you wish to remain anonymous with your information , you are welcome to call Crime Stoppers at ( 800 ) 472-8477 , or submit your tip online at Submit-A-Tip .
We wish to remind our readers that this missing person was submitted by request and does not immediately follow the release of a police or news report .
STORY CONTINUES BELOW
Thank you for all of your efforts in helping us spread the word about missing people like Paige across Pennsylvania . We ask that you please take a moment to share these reports on all social media platforms in order to reach the broadest local audience as possible .
We do our best to inform the general public about missing people across The United States . View all of our state-based websites by taking a look at our country map just below .
PLEASE DO YOUR PART IN HELPING US BY SHARING THIS REPORT . THANK YOU .
Milos Raonic was hunkering down for surgery and a stint on the sidelines on Monday only to see their career reach a new apex . The Thornhill-raised tennis star is now ranked No . 4 in the world , jumping two spots on the newly released ATP list . It 's the highest ranking ever for a Canadian singles player , besting Quebec 's Eugenie Bouchard , who reached fifth on the women 's list last October .
Canadian tennis player Milos Raonic is ranked No . 4 in the latest ATP rankings ( DANI POZO / AFP/GETTY IMAGES FILE PHOTO )
Montreal-born Greg Rusedski rose to fourth in 1997 but was representing Britain instead of their native country ; their high-water mark playing under the Maple Leaf was 41st in the world in June 1994 — the highest for a Canadian male before Raonic came along . As such , the 24-year-old from Thornhill , Ont. , remains the only Canadian men 's singles player ever to break into the ATP 's top 10 . “ This is a milestone that is a great stepping stone for me for what I want to achieve , ” said Raonic in a recorded statement their spokesperson passed along to the Star .
Article Continued Below
“ It 's nice to have it also represent some significant meaning to the history of Canadian tennis and shine a light on where I believe Canadian tennis can be going in the future. ” Raonic 's spokesperson , Austin Nunn , told the Star the Canadian athlete was prepping for surgery to repair a nerve in their right foot , and that the surgery would take place either Monday or Tuesday . Raonic injured their foot shortly before they played in the Monte Carlo Masters in France last month . They withdrew from the quarter-finals against Czech player Tomas Berdych and subsequently pulled out of the upcoming Internazionali BNL d'Italia tournament in Rome . They are expected to take up to two weeks to recover , aiming to be ready to go in time for the French Open . “ I am proud and happy with the progress Milos has made , ” said Raonic 's coach , Ivan Ljubicic , in a separate statement . “ Unfortunately we have ( been forced ) to take a little break now because of the injury , but knowing Milos this will only motivate them even more to make further progress and go for those few spots left in the rankings they have never reached . ”
Raonic 's rise in the ATP World Tour rankings comes as Rafael Nadal , an imposing figure in the vanguard of players who have dominated men 's tennis in the 21st century , dropped three spots to No . 7 . It 's the first time in 10 years the Spaniard has n't been in the top five . Nadal 's slump follows their loss to Britain 's Andy Murray in the Madrid Masters final on Sunday , marking their fourth defeat on their preferred clay surface this year . That has n't happened since 2003 .
Article Continued Below
Alongside Raonic , there is a slew of up-and-coming players making a charge in the standings in the hopes of challenging Nadal and the rest of the current crop of top players , which includes first-ranked Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer , who holds the ATP 's second spot . At 25 , Japan 's Kei Nishikori has already cracked the top four though has since trickled down to sixth while 23-year-old Grigor Dmitrov has climbed to eighth position — and is currently 11th — since turning pro at the ripe age of 16 . There 's also Australian Nick Krygios , who continued rocketing up the standings with their career-best 30th spot in Monday 's list , and , at 20 , has already proven themselves able to take down Nadal , whom they beat last summer at Wimbledon when the Spaniard was ranked No . 1 . They also defeated Federer in Madrid on May 6 . The next tournament on the ATP circuit , following this week 's match in Rome , is the French Open , which kicks off May 19 in Paris . Today 's Top 10 No . 1 — Novak Djokovic ( Serbia ) Career high ranking : 1 ( 52 titles ) Career earnings : $ 77,693,686 No . 2 — Roger Federer ( Switzerland ) Career high ranking : 1 ( 85 titles ) Career earnings : $ 89,886,245 No . 3 — Andy Murray ( Great Britain ) Career high ranking : 2 ( 33 titles ) Career earnings : $ 37,211,836 No . 4 — Milos Raonic ( Canada ) Career high ranking : 4 ( 6 titles ) Career earnings : $ 8,214,239 No . 5 — Tomas Berdych ( Czech Republic ) Career high ranking : 5 ( 10 titles ) Career earnings : $ 21,856,379 No . 6 — Kei Nishikori ( Japan ) Career high ranking : 4 ( 9 titles ) Career earnings : $ 9,479,646 No . 7 — Rafael Nadal ( Spain ) Career high ranking : 1 ( 65 titles ) Career earnings : $ 72,657,015 No . 8 — David Ferrer ( Spain ) Career high ranking : 3 ( 24 titles ) Career earnings : $ 26,220,923 No . 9 — Stan Wawrinka ( Switzerland ) Career high ranking : 3 ( 9 titles ) Career earnings : $ 15,602,114 No . 10 — Marin Cilic ( Croatia ) Career high ranking : 8 ( 13 titles ) Career earnings : $ 11,482,109 Source : ATP World Tour
Read more about :
Abstract
We present a principled methodology for filtering news stories by formal measures of information novelty , and show how the techniques can be used to custom-tailor newsfeeds based on information that a user has already reviewed . We review methods for analyzing novelty and then describe Newsjunkie , a system that personalizes news for users by identifying the novelty of stories in the context of stories they have already reviewed . Newsjunkie employs novelty-analysis algorithms that represent articles as words and named entities . The algorithms analyze inter- and intra- document dynamics by considering how information evolves over time from article to article , as well as within individual articles . We review the results of a user study undertaken to gauge the value of the approach over legacy time-based review of newsfeeds , and also to compare the performance of alternate distance metrics that are used to estimate the dissimilarity between candidate new articles and sets of previously reviewed articles .
• Jefferson County , Alabama , poised to default on loans • Downgrade threat to Maryland , New Mexico , South Carolina , Tennessee and Virginia
Alabama 's Jefferson County was last night poised to become the largest municipal bankruptcy in US history after a three-year battle with creditors over a $ 3.2bn ( £1.9bn ) loan .
The local authority , possibly the first of many US counties and cities to default on loans , convened a special session to consider terms for a settlement or a 30-day extension to talks . Councillors were also asked to assess whether bankruptcy is the best option after a failure to find a settlement since 2008 .
Jefferson county , home to Alabama 's largest city , Birmingham , has found itself teetering on the brink after talks broke down with creditors , including the investment bank JP Morgan Chase . A previous extension to talks on the $ 3.2bn sewer bond expires tomorrow .
Jefferson heads a list of municipal borrowers that could find themselves in deep financial trouble in the next few years .
Earlier this week , five states were notified by the credit-rating firm Moody 's that they were in danger of losing their AAA ratings because of their reliance on federal revenue , mainly from locally based offshoots of government agencies .
Maryland , New Mexico , South Carolina , Tennessee and Virginia were placed on review for possible downgrade following Moody 's warning to the US government that it faced losing its AAA rating because of the inability in Washington to raise the debt ceiling .
California , New Jersey and about 44 other states have spent much of the year trying to close a $ 130bn budget gap . These gaps come on top of large fiscal shortfalls in 2009 and 2010 , following a collapse in tax revenues following the rise in unemployment and a drop in property taxes .
California is expected to face a shortfall next year of $ 23bn or 27 % of its budget , while New Jersey has a 36 % shortfall .
Meredith Whitney , a Wall Street analyst who famously likened municipal bonds to ticking time-bombs , reaffirmed their belief last month that many would go bust .
In a report they said municipal bonds , which are commonly used by local authorities and states to fund infrastructure projects and large capital expenditure , will wreak havoc in the US economy in the next five years . They have predicted hundreds of billions of dollars in defaults between now and approximately 2016 .
Whitney 's analysis shows half of the Nevada budget is absorbed by debt servicing . In Michigan , where the governor has battled public-sector unions over job cuts and reduced pay and benefits , paying back debt absorbs 40 % .
Jefferson commission president David Carrington has hired a law firm that helped Orange County , California , through its bankruptcy in 1994 .
Note : By submitting this form , you agree to Third Door Media 's terms . We respect your privacy .
Sign up for our NEW daily brief , your # 1 source for need-to-know search marketing news .
At last , Google has finally gained a page preview feature . Called “ Instant Previews , ” this is a way for you to see what 's on a page that 's listed in Google 's search results without having to leave Google .
The new feature seems promising , another way to save time in the searching process , because there 's less need for people to “ pogostick ” with their search results .
Pogosticking is when someone clicks from a search listing to a page , then clicks back if unsatisfied to select another result and so on . With the new Instant Previews , they may be better able to immediately spot the most promising pages among those listed .
Up Close With Instant Previews
In the new feature , which was spotted being tested last month , a small magnifying glass appears next to each listing :
Click on that magnifying glass , and a preview of the page that 's listed will appear to the right side of the search results :
Once you 've enabled Instant Preview mode , you can also use your arrow key to move down through the other results . As you select one , it will be highlighted with a blue background . The preview will change to show the highlighted page :
More Than Just A Thumbnail
Previews that show a small “ thumbnail ” image of a page are nothing new . They 've been employed by various search engines over the years . Ask.com , for example , launched its Binoculars service way back in 2004 , through the feature appears to have been dropped as part of Ask 's recent makeover into a Q & A search engine . Google even began offering thumbnail previews last year , through its search options feature .
Bing tried a new twist on previews when it rolled out Quick Previews as part of its launch in 2009 . By placing your mouse to the right of any listing , you get a longer textual summary of information displayed from the page itself , as with this example below :
Google 's system seeks to marry the two : an image of the page as well as extracting text . Rather than a small thumbnail image , it shows a much larger picture of what the page looks like . The larger image , and one that 's not in a standard square shape , especially helped with people finding the previews useful in testing , Google told me . In addition , the previews highlight the relevant text on the page — similar to Bing — but within the context of the image .
Callouts & Tears
Within the images , relevant text to your search is highlighted through “ callouts ” that make it easy to read :
Pages can have more than one callout :
Pages might also have have what Google call “ tears , ” where a page might appear to have been “ torn ” to show you the overall context of the page but also show you parts relevant to your search . Below , an example of a tear is shown between the two green bars :
Instant Previews & Ads
The images preview cover up Google 's ads , when they appear . Is this a problem for advertisers ? Google says largely no .
The company told me that most people scan the search results page quickly . If they 're interested in the unpaid “ editorial ” results , they 'll tend to stay looking at them rather than going back and forth to the ads . In other words , previews are n't blocking ads because if someone decides they want to focus on editorial results , they 're already ignoring the ads .
Ads , by the way , will also get an Instant Preview feature in the future , Google told me . There 's no set timeline for this , however .
Site Owners : You Can Block Previews
Do n't like the idea of Google making previews of your pages ? As with Bing 's previews , you can also opt out of Google 's . To do so , just make use of the nosnippets meta tag . Meta Robots Tag 101 : Blocking Spiders , Cached Pages & More explains more about this .
Also , be aware that the descriptions shown for your pages in the results may be different than the callouts on the pages . Sometimes they match ; sometimes they do n't . Different algorithms are at work .
Nice Addition
Google suggests that Instant Previews will make it easier to spot if a page contains a table , chart or picture you might be after , and says those using it will be 5 % happier with their results . I agree . It should be a useful feature for many searchers in these or other cases . There have been plenty of times when a short preview would have given me a better idea if a site might be worthwhile to visit or not . And , if you do n't like it , well , do n't click on the magnifying glass and you wo n't see it .
The preview begin rolling out today worldwide and should be in place by tomorrow for everyone . If you do n't see them yet , visit this special page at Google about Instant Previews and then click on the “ Try It Now ” link . Or , just click here to go directly to a special version of Google that will enable it .
To learn more about Google Instant Previews , also see Google 's blog post about it . For related coverage of this story across the web , see here on Techmeme .
Shuhei Yoshida Explains Lack of Until Dawn Marketing Push
While Until Dawn might be one of Sony 's new IPs this generation , it did n't seem to get the marketing push as some of the publisher 's other first-party games .
At this year 's Tokyo Game Show , PlayStation LifeStyle 's Heath Hindman asked this very question to Sony Worldwide Studios boss Shuhei Yoshida who confirmed that nope , it 's not some deep seated conspiracy , but rather , it 's about regional marketing and budget .
PlayStation LifeStyle : How do you determine the level of marketing and promotion that a game gets before launch ? It seems like some critical darlings and good-sellers ( recent example : Until Dawn ) get little push compared to some others . What are the deciding factors ? Yoshida : Each region has its own marketing department with its own goals for a year and its own budget for the year . Of course there are lots of relations among the regions and Worldwide Studios , but differences could be based on the popularity , like of the genres or titles . Each marketing department makes the final decision how much a particular product gets pushed . That said , sometimes games like Until Dawn find great reception from reviews and consumers after launch . In that case , some additional marketing push can be created to sustain the momentum post-launch . I hear great support continuing in all regions [ for Until Dawn ] . It 's not like Uncharted , but still , our marketing departments are responsive to the reactions from consumers .
Fortunately for Supermassive Games , Until Dawn did quite well for itself even without Sony 's hefty marketing muscle to push it along . And due to the nature of its gameplay , even managed to be YouTube 's top trending game for the month .
Let 's hope Sony markets Until Dawn this Halloween for an added sales push , no ? Unless , y'know , you do n't want to see a sequel .
Essential Reading :
Ours can be an overly polite country . If the recent Senate spending scandal taught us anything , it 's the value of openness in financial relations . Our American neighbors have come to understand this ( somewhat ) , and now believe that such transparency should not be confined to Congressmen or Wall Street . Lost in the rancor surrounding the Affordable Care Act is a piece of legislation that leans on transparency to enlighten and safeguard patients from conflicts of interest . It 's titled the Physician Payment Sunshine Act , and it 's a rather unapologetic take on a relationship Canada has been relatively bashful about .
By the end of this year , President Barack Obama 's Sunshine Act will have drug companies report virtually every transfer of value to doctors and academic hospitals . With payments of as little as $ 10 dollars to be listed on a public website , this marks a serious undertaking in the world 's most sophisticated pharmaceutical market .
So , why exactly is the government going through all this ?
Story continues below advertisement
The idea is to have any financial biases in the physician 's office out in the open . This might help ensure that the most responsible decisions are being made for the patient – and the patient only . While doctors are hard pressed to believe that pens or souvlaki lunches can alter their own prescription patterns , there are numerous studies to suggest otherwise . And the issue is not just your physician 's own pen , it 's also pharma 's influence on the experts who set the standards of care . In a recent commentary for the Journal of the American Medical Association , Dr. John Ioannidis pointed out that over half of the panelists on the American Heart Association guideline committee had financial ties with industry – this for recommendations that could see more than one billion people taking statins by 2020 . Factor in a projected $ 1-trillion worth of statin sales and it 's easy to see what 's at stake : people and profits .
The fact that such conflicts of interest may dilute evidence , or even taint the public 's trust , has spurred France , the United Kingdom and Denmark to follow suit with similar regulations . For many countries , pharma 's shroud of secrecy is no longer defensible .
Surely Canada 's publicly financed health care system is free of such competing interests ? Much of the evidence is n't so assuring .
A McGill professor has been formally reprimanded for signing their name to an article written by a professional writing firm that was hired by Wyeth ( now part of Pfizer ) to generate positive publicity for its hormone replacement therapy . When it comes to the financial interests among physicians who craft Canadian practice guidelines , a study in the British Medical Journal found close to 80 per cent declared conflicts of interest on the Canadian Cardiovascular Society and Canadian Diabetes Association . Potential conflicts are also rife at Canadian medical schools . Last summer , an analysis of the situation at all 17 schools across Canada found that the policy environment is generally lax ; for instance , 12 of the schools either had no policy or permissive ones about their faculty engaging in speaking activities on behalf of drug companies . This gives us little reason to believe that patients are in the know when it comes to their own doctor 's involvement .
By enforcing calorie counts on all menus in restaurant chains , the Ontario government has shown that public disclosure is in . Transparency wo n't be a panacea when it comes to medical industry relations , but it 's a requisite for boundaries that both patients and physicians can buy into .
To be sure , it will take strong provincial leadership to hold pharmaceutical companies to account . We are calling on the Ontario Ministry of Health to make disclosures of payments to doctors compulsory for any pharma companies with drugs listed on the Ontario Drug Benefit Program . By making this information publicly available on a website , it will no longer fall on the patient to ask whether their physician has been paid by drugmakers . This is efficient from a taxpayer 's perspective as it would not involve spending much public money , while it also leverages the bulk buying of drugs to put patients directly in the centre of care .
Some critics have argued that the public would n't be interested enough to visit such sites or know what to make of the information . The most recent numbers from the U.S. suggest this may not be true . Patients do seem to care about their physician 's financial motives , and a culture of openness might just help the lines of communication .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In Canada , it 's time we start betting on patients over pharma .
Andrew Boozary is the Editor-in-Chief of the Harvard Public Health Review and resident physician at the University of Toronto . Dr. Joel Lexchin teaches health policy at York University and works in the Emergency Department at the University Health Network . They have founded Open Pharma as a movement to empower patients and physicians through greater transparency with the drug industry .
As It Turns Extra-Tropical , Typhoon Nuri Could Challenge All-Time Record
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA Goddard MODIS Rapid Response Team NASA Goddard MODIS Rapid Response Team
Typhoon Nuri has already had a remarkable run on this Earth .
The Capital Weather Gang explains that for 24 hours over the weekend , Nuri was a category 5 monster storm with maximum sustained winds of 180 mph , tying with Typhoon Vongfong as the strongest cyclone of the season .
But Nuri may actually make a name for itself after it loses its tropical characteristics when it moves north into the Bering Sea .
When it gets there , all the warm , tropical air it 's pushing around will crash into a mountain of cold air and cause a violent explosion of meteorological energy that could propel this storm into history .
The National Weather Service in Anchorage says that during that so-called `` bombogenesis '' the storm 's central pressure — an important measure of intensity — will deepen from 970 MB late Thursday to between 918 to 922 MB late Friday .
`` That would create a significant event , as the current record the lowest pressure observed in the Bering Sea is 925 MB , measured at Dutch Harbor on October 25 , 1977 , '' the NWS writes in its advisory .
What 's more , a central pressure that low threatens the 913 MB all-time record for an extra-tropical storm set in the North Atlantic in 1993 .
Weather.com reports :
`` For reference , the lowest central pressure of Hurricane Andrew ( 1992 ) was 922 millibars . Despite the potential of a similar pressure at its peak , wind speeds in extratropical cyclones such as the upcoming storm are much lower than hurricanes , because the pressure gradient is spread out over a much larger area than in a hurricane . ''
The National Weather Service says that the Aleutian Islands will be pummeled with 40 to 50 foot waves and wind gusts of up to 100 mph .
The Capital Weather Gang says this storm is so strong that it will also cause the jet stream to plunge south , bringing cold temperatures to a huge part of the U.S . They report :
The City of Seattle and Commute Seattle launched a “ Hack the Commute ” project on Tuesday , bringing together partner agencies and local technology companies to develop tools for improving and navigating the city 's transportation network . The coalition is interested in innovations for existing apps like Pronto 's or Google Maps , entirely new commuter tools , and improving the communication and visualization of transportation data . The main event will be a weekend “ hackathon ” in March , with participants including everyone from local programmers and software developers to writers and project managers . The effort has the potential to revolutionize transportation in the nation 's fastest growing city .
The open data movement has spurred cities and public agencies to make their vast troves of information available to software gurus and the general public . This has led to many successful tools and applications developed outside of bureaucratic systems . There are numerous examples like OneBusAway , which predicts bus arrivals , or New York City 's DontEat.at , which warns users about restaurants that fail health inspections . Public records laws and an interest in government transparency are also facilitating the trend . In the opposite direction , apps like Cycle Atlanta report information on bike commuters ' routes and pavement experience to help planners prioritize infrastructure funding .
The term “ hackathon ” comes from “ hacking ” , the tinkering of hardware or data outside of its intended use , and the word “ marathon ” ; such events gather many talented and interested people in one place for up to several days to collaborate towards quick and dirty solutions to civic problems . In the context of extreme traffic congestion , a maze of construction closures , and the emergence of new transportation modes , Hack the Commute will attempt to enable better decision making for the people traveling on Seattle 's streets . It will capitalize on the city 's large share of technology companies , including local startups and entrepreneurs . The campaign is open to all modes of transportation , with equal regard for the likes of buses , boats , and bike share . Cities like Philadelphia , Jersey City , and San Francisco have sponsored similar transportation hackathons . Last year Seattle held hackathons to tackle homelessness and the redaction of police videos .
The main Hackathon event will take place March 20-22 , a Friday through Sunday , at the office of marketing firm Moz ( 1110 Second Avenue , Suite 500 ) . Currently the event is open to anyone interested in transportation , though the organizers are especially looking for those with programming and team management skills . Registration is not yet open , but interested people can sign up for email updates on the project website . Judges will select three winning teams to move to a championship round on April 29 at City Hall . Prizes , yet to be announced , will be awarded for the best outcomes .
Candace Faber of Whoa Strategies is the project manger and was also involved with Seattle 's Hack to End Homelessness . They told me , “ I do see a trend in issue-focused hackathons , which I find encouraging , but they are a lot more work to organize . We 're trying something new with this effort by building in the “ championship round ” so that top ideas can advance somewhere. ” The project was also generated by the Access Seattle initiative , which performs community outreach for neighbors and businesses affected by periods of heavy construction . Faber said , “ I do n't think we can talk about sustainable growth or housing affordability without also looking at mobility . ”
The city 's participating agencies include the departments of transportation , information technology , and economic development . Hack the Commute is also joined by public-private Commute Seattle , the state transportation department , the Puget Sound Regional Council , and King County Metro . So far the private partners include Socrata , WalkScore , Amazon , and Microsoft . The organizers are seeking data , sponsors , additional partners , and lots of volunteers . Check out the kickoff 's brief presentation ( PDF ) and stay tuned for updates on this transportation initiative .
Quote
I have some relatively simple ideas that would really boost PvP in this game so I want you to please read and take these into consideration . I apologise in advance for any typo 's , it 's 2am here and I could n't sleep as I had all this going through my head so wanted to get it out now .
So here is my list or relatively simple ideas to boost pvp . ( More details below ) .
1 ) 4v4 Warzones using existing maps ( maps can be altered or added to in the future after the feature is in the game )
2 ) Redesigned PvP area on fleet with :
A . All PvP vendors and mission terminals
B. Warzone Training Dummies
C. Dueling Rooms
D. Instant transport to and from Outlaws Den and Ilum PvP Zone
3 ) 3 New dailies and 3 new weeklies :
A . Daily – 5 Kills in Outlaws Den = 50WZ / 50 RWZ Comms
B . Weekly – 15 Kills in Outlaws Den = 150WZ / 150 RWZ Comms
C. Daily – 5 Kills in Ilum PvP Zone = 50WZ / 50 RWZ Comms
D. Weekly – 15 Kills in Ilum PvP Zone = 150WZ / 150 RWZ Comms
E. Daily – 4v4 Warzones – 2 Wins / 4 Played = 100WZ / 100RWZ Comms
F. Weekly – 4v4 Warzones – 9 Wins = 300WZ / 300RWZ Comms
4 ) Redesigned warzone adrenal schematic to use new materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone .
5 ) Warzone medpac Schematic introduced ( same cost as adrenal schematic currently ) again with the materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone .
6 ) Allow Warzone adrenals and medpacs to be used in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone .
7 ) Allow group dueling
Explanations :
Spoiler
4v4 Warzones using existing maps .
Pretty simple concept , we use the same pvp warzone maps we have at the moment but also make them 4v4 . Yes the maps will be big as they are designed for 8 on each team but this will make the fight ever moving and constant . This is about getting this feature in the game now using existing maps and allowing time for new maps to be created and the 8-man maps modified to be more suitable in the future after the feature is already in the game . If faced with a decision of 4v4 using existing maps and introduced now , with the maps being changed or new ones added in the future vs wait a year or more for the 4v4 feature with it 's own tailored maps then I would choose to have it in the game now using existing maps . I would really enjoy this feature and in the future they could also make them ranked and either share the ranked rating or have it 's own ranked rating .
Also here are some ideas of how existing maps could be altered for 4v4 in the future -
Redesigned PvP area on fleet .
I really think PvPer 's need their own area on the fleet to hang out , but that also shares a general chat with those on the fleet . I would love this area to be instanced separate to the fleet to reduce lag for both . I would love the area to have the following :
All the PvP vendors currently on the fleet for ease to purchase stuff .
An area with Warzone training dummies similar to on the other ships so we can do our own testing etc .
4 to 6 rooms off the main room where dueling is enabled . Similar to the Drummond Kaas hangar that you access from the fleet where we currently duel but they can be smaller with each offering their own unique obstacles and LOS objects .
Instant transport to and from Outlaws Den and Ilum PvP Zone . This involves a shuttle that will take us right to where the priority transport drops us for the Den or where the Gree event vendors are for Ilum . And at these two areas there would also be a shuttle to return you to the pvp area on the fleet . One of the biggest problems with these two areas currently is the time it takes to get too and from these areas . This will make travel to and from there instant and that along with the new dailies and harvesting I suggest will encourage people to go there .
Here is an image of the concept :
- lower deck
- upper deck
3 New dailies and 3 new weeklies .
Pretty self explanatory , the Outlaws Den and Ilum ones are small but give people a reason to go to the areas . The rewards for these two are small so that most people can get them done easily and so that it does n't really matter if people kill traded ( as I know that is a concern ) . But it does encourage people to go and pvp in these areas which would create more organic pvp . The 4v4 daily and weekly is self explanatory and follows on from what we have in normal warzones at the moment .
Redesigned warzone adrenal schematic to use new materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone and Warzone medpac Schematic introduced ( same cost as adrenal schematic currently ) again with the materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone .
Basically what I envisage here is that these two objects are crafted using only PvP materials that can only be harvested from nodes within Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone . Basically this is another reason for PvPer 's to visit these two zones and create more organic PvP .
Allow Warzone adrenals and medpacs to be used in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone .
Basically these two areas are PvP areas so they should be useable in these areas ( I am not sure if they are or not in both atm and it 's too late here to log on and check ) . Plus allowing them to be used in these areas means that players use more of them and then need to farm more materials to create them therefore giving them more reason to be in the PvP Zones .
Allow group dueling
This involves being able to use a 'Request Duel Group ' feature so that we can duel small groups of up to 4 against each other .
4v4 Warzones using existing maps.Pretty simple concept , we use the same pvp warzone maps we have at the moment but also make them 4v4 . Yes the maps will be big as they are designed for 8 on each team but this will make the fight ever moving and constant . This is about getting this feature in the game now using existing maps and allowing time for new maps to be created and the 8-man maps modified to be more suitable in the future after the feature is already in the game . If faced with a decision of 4v4 using existing maps and introduced now , with the maps being changed or new ones added in the future vs wait a year or more for the 4v4 feature with it 's own tailored maps then I would choose to have it in the game now using existing maps . I would really enjoy this feature and in the future they could also make them ranked and either share the ranked rating or have it 's own ranked rating.Also here are some ideas of how existing maps could be altered for 4v4 in the future - http : //imgur.com/PGJdVGl Redesigned PvP area on fleet.I really think PvPer 's need their own area on the fleet to hang out , but that also shares a general chat with those on the fleet . I would love this area to be instanced separate to the fleet to reduce lag for both . I would love the area to have the following : All the PvP vendors currently on the fleet for ease to purchase stuff.An area with Warzone training dummies similar to on the other ships so we can do our own testing etc.4 to 6 rooms off the main room where dueling is enabled . Similar to the Drummond Kaas hangar that you access from the fleet where we currently duel but they can be smaller with each offering their own unique obstacles and LOS objects.Instant transport to and from Outlaws Den and Ilum PvP Zone . This involves a shuttle that will take us right to where the priority transport drops us for the Den or where the Gree event vendors are for Ilum . And at these two areas there would also be a shuttle to return you to the pvp area on the fleet . One of the biggest problems with these two areas currently is the time it takes to get too and from these areas . This will make travel to and from there instant and that along with the new dailies and harvesting I suggest will encourage people to go there.Here is an image of the concept : - lower deck http : //imgur.com/URZJBIM - upper deck http : //imgur.com/72PI3Ga 3 New dailies and 3 new weeklies.Pretty self explanatory , the Outlaws Den and Ilum ones are small but give people a reason to go to the areas . The rewards for these two are small so that most people can get them done easily and so that it does n't really matter if people kill traded ( as I know that is a concern ) . But it does encourage people to go and pvp in these areas which would create more organic pvp . The 4v4 daily and weekly is self explanatory and follows on from what we have in normal warzones at the moment.Redesigned warzone adrenal schematic to use new materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone and Warzone medpac Schematic introduced ( same cost as adrenal schematic currently ) again with the materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone.Basically what I envisage here is that these two objects are crafted using only PvP materials that can only be harvested from nodes within Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone . Basically this is another reason for PvPer 's to visit these two zones and create more organic PvP.Allow Warzone adrenals and medpacs to be used in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone.Basically these two areas are PvP areas so they should be useable in these areas ( I am not sure if they are or not in both atm and it 's too late here to log on and check ) . Plus allowing them to be used in these areas means that players use more of them and then need to farm more materials to create them therefore giving them more reason to be in the PvP Zones.Allow group duelingThis involves being able to use a 'Request Duel Group ' feature so that we can duel small groups of up to 4 against each other .
So there you have it , my relatively simple ideas that I would love to see introduced which I think would really enhance PvP in this game ! ! Devs please take note of these and introduce these as they really will enhance PvP in this game using items that we have in game currently without having to introduce much new stuff .
And of course I ca n't leave without writing what else I would love to see in this game , but these are items that are n't as simple as the earlier ones .
1 ) Ranked Season 1
2 ) A Ranked Season for 4v4
3 ) Cross Server Ranked
4 ) An 8 player single queue only free for all map where everyone can kill each other and last man standing wins .
5 ) Another Huttball warzone .
6 ) A team death match 8v8 Warzone – First to 50 kills wins , one big area with lots of obstacles and fire / acid pits ( with fire kills counting as kills ) .
7 ) A 16v16 Map – Imagine Outlaws Den but as a warzone with 10 different points to control so the battle is constantly moving .
8 ) Any future PvP areas such as Outlaws Den or the Ilum Pvp zone to be instanced so that you have to load into like a warzone to reduce lag in these areas .
If this game had all that it would be absolutely amazing ! !
Again Devs please take note of those simple features ! !
Also , how do the rest of you think these simple ideas would go if introduced ? Hey Guys , Gals & Devs , I have some relatively simple ideas that would really boost PvP in this game so I want you to please read and take these into consideration . I apologise in advance for any typo 's , it 's 2am here and I could n't sleep as I had all this going through my head so wanted to get it out now.So here is my list or relatively simple ideas to boost pvp . ( More details below ) .1 ) 4v4 Warzones using existing maps ( maps can be altered or added to in the future after the feature is in the game ) 2 ) Redesigned PvP area on fleet with : A . All PvP vendors and mission terminalsB . Warzone Training DummiesC . Dueling RoomsD . Instant transport to and from Outlaws Den and Ilum PvP Zone3 ) 3 New dailies and 3 new weeklies : A . Daily – 5 Kills in Outlaws Den = 50WZ / 50 RWZ CommsB . Weekly – 15 Kills in Outlaws Den = 150WZ / 150 RWZ CommsC . Daily – 5 Kills in Ilum PvP Zone = 50WZ / 50 RWZ CommsD . Weekly – 15 Kills in Ilum PvP Zone = 150WZ / 150 RWZ CommsE . Daily – 4v4 Warzones – 2 Wins / 4 Played = 100WZ / 100RWZ CommsF . Weekly – 4v4 Warzones – 9 Wins = 300WZ / 300RWZ Comms4 ) Redesigned warzone adrenal schematic to use new materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone.5 ) Warzone medpac Schematic introduced ( same cost as adrenal schematic currently ) again with the materials only harvestable in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone.6 ) Allow Warzone adrenals and medpacs to be used in Outlaws Den and the Ilum PvP zone.7 ) Allow group duelingExplanations : So there you have it , my relatively simple ideas that I would love to see introduced which I think would really enhance PvP in this game ! ! Devs please take note of these and introduce these as they really will enhance PvP in this game using items that we have in game currently without having to introduce much new stuff.And of course I ca n't leave without writing what else I would love to see in this game , but these are items that are n't as simple as the earlier ones.1 ) Ranked Season 12 ) A Ranked Season for 4v43 ) Cross Server Ranked4 ) An 8 player single queue only free for all map where everyone can kill each other and last man standing wins.5 ) Another Huttball warzone.6 ) A team death match 8v8 Warzone – First to 50 kills wins , one big area with lots of obstacles and fire / acid pits ( with fire kills counting as kills ) .7 ) A 16v16 Map – Imagine Outlaws Den but as a warzone with 10 different points to control so the battle is constantly moving.8 ) Any future PvP areas such as Outlaws Den or the Ilum Pvp zone to be instanced so that you have to load into like a warzone to reduce lag in these areas.If this game had all that it would be absolutely amazing ! ! Again Devs please take note of those simple features ! ! Also , how do the rest of you think these simple ideas would go if introduced ?
Businesses in Venezuela have a problem .
Actually , almost everyone in Venezuela has a great many problems . Starvation , for example . Shortages of basic goods . Dysfunctional and understaffed hospitals , which lack medications . A corrupt and increasingly militarised government determined to protect the incumbent president , Nicolás Maduro , at all costs .
Shortages , inflation , and protectionism cripple the economy.But businesses , especially factories , face another , more specific problem . As Venezuela 's economy has ground to a halt and its currency has depreciated by nearly two thirds in the past year , the raw materials needed for manufacturing have become prohibitively expensive , or simply impossible to come by . This is not helped by the government 's steep import tariffs and currency restrictions , nor by the rock-bottom price controls , which make operating a business an utterly unprofitable enterprise .
This disaster is entirely of President Maduro 's own making . But rather than acknowledge that 17 years of Chavismo socialism have been a terrible mistake that have wrecked Venezuela , Maduro is tightening the iron fist of state control .
The government has seized a factory for the crime of shutting down.The BBC reports that the Venezuelan government has seized a factory that makes hygiene products like toilet paper , owned by the US company Kimberly-Clark . Kimberly-Clark 's crime ? Closing the factory , due to an inability to obtain raw materials .
The Venezuelan Labour Minister , Oswaldo Vera , has called the closing of the factory “ illegal , ” and promised that the factory will continue to operate “ in the hands of the workers. ” To which the obvious question must be : with what materials ? How does the government think the factory can re-open without the raw materials it needs ?
The president there is then the issue of the chilling authoritarianism of declaring that a privately-owned company broke the law by ceasing business . In May , President Maduro threatened to arrest and jail the owners of factories that stop producing , saying Venezeula 's productive capacity was “ being paralysed by the bourgeoisie . ”
Who would open a business where it 's illegal succeed and illegal to fail ? In actual fact , it is being paralysed by the government 's radically anti-business policies , which include such threats . What company , whether domestic or international , will want to set up a factory in Venezuela under such tyrannical conditions , knowing it is impossible to make a profit and that owners risk arrest by trying ?
Maduro has blamed the latest crisis , as they have all previous crises , on an economic war being waged against their regime by the opposition , in collusion with US forces . The simple fact is they have left business owners no options , creating a climate in which it is impossible to operate . The daily protests against food shortages across the country show that Venezuelans are getting desperate . Nicolás Maduro 's socialist regime is running out of time .
This article first appeared at CapX .
The answer , of course , is no -- the foreign population in China is estimated to be in the high six-figures , and people come and go for a variety of reasons . But the reason the media seems to lap up this type of story reflects a consistently incorrect perception of China -- that it 's a fully developed economy akin to the United States , Japan , or Germany .
Of course , China is polluted -- but so are parts of India and Iran . China has a food safety problem , yes , just as many other countries do . China has received enormous international attention for its tight control of Internet speech , but web users in countries like Vietnam endure similar restrictions -- with slower connection speeds . The fact is , life in developing countries all over the world includes challenges that do n't really exist in wealthier countries . This is n't an insult to the Chinese people ; after all , a great number of financially successful ones -- like their counterparts in India or Saudi Arabia or Brazil -- want their children to be educated in the rich world . It 's simply an acknowledgment that , for people with sufficient means , life in wealthier , more developed societies contain an attractive set of advantages .
Does this absolve the Chinese government of its responsibilities to make the country -- and its capital -- more livable ? Not at all . Air pollution and food safety issues are grave threats to China 's stability and prosperity , and Internet controls entail considerable blow back risk . And surely , China could make conducting business in the country fairer for foreigners without sacrificing prosperity . But it 's simply unreasonable to expect China , with a per capita GDP of $ 5,445 , to provide a comparable quality of life for a successful middle-aged family man to Canada , which is almost 10 times wealthier . And this ignores all the other personal , cultural , and financial factors which typically inform individual decisions to move to new countries .
China has problems . But no , it 's not a sinking ship . At least it does n't seem that way to the many foreigners who , as van der Chijs once did , eagerly arrive to launch their professional lives in the country . When wealthy , middle-aged men and women from the developed world begin leaving their country in droves for China , that 's when CNN Money should start paying attention .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
THEY are meant to be some of the UK 's brightest business brains but some of the candidates on The Apprentice deserve to fire for their attitudes to Scotland .
In Wednesday 's episode , Lord Sugar 's task for the candidates will be to make gourmet food and sell it on the streets of Edinburgh .
But there 's nothing tasty about two of the English candidates , who dismiss Scotland 's heritage with stereotypical claptrap .
Beauty salon owner Jenna Whittingham , 25 , lives up to their earlier claim that they are “ once seen , never forgotten ” by asking if Scots have their own language .
The Lancastrian admits she 's worried they wo n't be able to understand anyone .
They say : “ Do you think people like to speak aScottish language ? Like , just a pure Scottish language ?
“ What if someone comes to the stand and they speak Scottish to us , will you be able to understand what they 're saying ? ”
Them comments horrify Scot Laura Hogg , from Glasgow , who is in a taxi with them and says : “ Oh God Jenna , stop . ”
The other project manager , Adam Corbally , 32 and from Derbyshire , decides to make meatballs on the cheap but sell them at sky-high prices .
They say : “ Scots generally eat deep fried Mars Bars and deep fried food . ”
Last night Edinburgh Southern MSP Jim Eadie said : “ We get a wee bit tired of this kind of comments .
“ I 'm sure the good people of Edinburgh will be only too happy to show them that the diet does not conform to the stereotype – and that some of them actually speak good English . ”
GABORONE ( Reuters ) - Tunisia became the fourth country confirmed in the field for the African Nations Cup finals after a goal less draw away against Botswana at the National Stadium in Gaborone on Friday . The result moved Tunisia to 11 points and guarantees them a top-two place in Group G after an unbeaten run of three wins and two draws , with a game to come at home to Egypt on Wednesday .
The two top teams in each of the seven qualifying groups go through to the 2015 finals along with the best-placed third side .
Tunisia , the 2004 winners , join Algeria , the Cape Verde Islands and Equatorial Guinea , who on Friday agreed to host the finals instead of Morocco from Jan. 17-Feb. 8 and were granted a place in the 16-team field by the Confederation of African Football .
Botswana were the only country without any spoils from the group competition ahead of the weekend qualifiers but finally picked up a point .
2014 has been one for the books , in terms of the progress Black women made – and the backlash they received . Despite their success as primetime TV 's leading ladies , the world called Viola Davis “ less classically beautiful ” , posted memes about Olivia Pope being the “ side ho role model ” , and argued that “ Annie ” should never have been “ black-washed. ” And yet , it has been an incredible year for Black women and girls . Here are five things we 've learned about how the world sees us in 2014… and what we learned about ourselves in the process.Lupita . Tracee . Viola . FLOTUS . These women served as a reminder that we are gorgeous . Sometimes , though , those praises turn into objectification . We 're aware of that . Still , saying “ I am beautiful , ” is an act of resistance . And we are beautiful all the time : whether we 're posing in our # BlackGirlRedLip selfies or wearing that freakum dress that hugs our curves . Our hair is magnificent , however we wear it . Simply put , we 're flawless.Some folks think that we 're not capable of being gorgeous and smart at the same time . Sadly , when Black women show that we have something important and meaningful to say , we are often misrepresented or mocked . This is the story of Signithia Fordham , whose research was improperly cited by President Obama 's “ My Brother 's Keeper Initiative. ” In fact , when Black women expressed discontent with this initiative , some took that to mean that we did n't want Black men to prosper unless we could first . Thankfully , we had some awesome Brothers who advocated for our inclusion . By speaking up , we let people know that we matter too . Our brilliance will not be dimmed .
We are committed to the liberation of our people , but the world is n't ready for that .
We love being happy , but the world is n't ready for that .
We are here , and the world is n't ready for that .
Photo credit : Shutterstock
Since the beginning , women have been at the forefront of the movement in Ferguson . They also changed the way that we imagine activism . This is not the movement of the past . There is no charismatic male leadership here . This is a collective . And while there are many Black men protesting for the past four months , it is quite clear that Black women are ready at the center , bringing awareness of how police brutality affects all of our lives . We are reminded of the words of Assata Shakur , who begged us to remember that , “ it is our duty to fight for our freedom , it is our duty to win . We must love and support each other , we have nothing to lose but our chains. ” This was the year of the # CarefreeBlackGirl . For proof , look no further than Solange 's wedding , where they biked to the ceremony and danced in the streets of NOLA . How awesome was that ? Or when their sister Beyoncé , after a year of flawless artistic promotion , debuted their “ 7/11 ” music video . Yes , I found myself doing many of those dance moves in my mirror . No , the world is not yet a perfect place for us . Yes , there is still work to be done . But we all deserve a night to be liberated and have fun with our girlfriends.This has been a year of tragedy , violence , and bloodshed for Black America , with the police brutality and shootings . There has also been violence within our communities . While we march and work towards liberation for our community as a whole , we still experience violence at the hands of the Black men we love . Look no further than the issues surrounding Bill Cosby and Ray Rice . In an effort to affirm Black men 's lives , we almost negate the importance of Black women 's lives . When we speak up and demand that the world sees us and acknowledges our pain , we are nearly called “ race traitors. ” But still , we 're here.In 2014 , Black women defined our own narrative . I dare not argue that we 've made it , but we are pushing onwards and each effort makes a difference . We 're not perfect , but we are necessary . Ava Duvernay 's Selma has been nominated for a Golden Globe , which makes them the first woman of color to hold this honor . Quvenzhané stars in the new remake of “ Annie , ” to be released on Christmas day . Lupita snagged the cover of Vogue . Thursday night is Black Girl Central on ABC . We are here . We are creating , protesting , thinking , loving , laughing , praying , writing , reading , dancing , performing . The most subversive action we take to combat interlocking systems of misogyny and racism is to do exactly what we 're good at : Keep on keepin ' on . We 're here , and the world may never be ready for us , but that does n't mean we 're going anywhere .
If Charlie Naysmith 's parents had known the strange substance they found on a British beach was whale vomit , they probably would have told them not to touch it .
But the 8-year-old 's curiosity got the better of him , and he 'll be richer for it .
What Charlie found at Hengistbury Head in Bournemouth was a chunk of ambergris , and it could be worth as much $ 63,000 , the Daily Echo reported .
A waxy , rocklike substance formed in a sperm whale 's intestines , ambergris is extremely rare and highly sought after by perfume makers because it makes scents last longer . ( Mere possession of amberis is illegal in the U.S. since 1972 because it comes from endangerd sperm whales . )
It takes years of floating in salt water for ambergris to stop smelling like vomit and start smelling sweet .
The chunk that Charlie found weighs 21 ounces , and their father Alex says they 're waiting for marine biologists to examine it and figure out exactly how much it 's worth – likely between $ 15,000 and $ 63,000 .
Charlie , a budding nature enthusiast , said they might use the money from their lucky find to build a habitat for animals .
abartkewicz @ nydailynews.com
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing !
On August 30th a document leaked that revealed the Estonian presidency ( head of the European Union ) revealed a new plan for online censorship in Europe . This plan strengthens online censorship and surveillance to the extremes that some consider it borderline illegal .
The new plans want to increase internet control in the EU by making changes to existing proposals to be more like the Chinese model , where content needs to be approved and regulated by the government itself–or else it ca n't be online . The council wants to filter uploads which means they want to control how content is posted online directly .
The council proposes two options , neither of which seem ideal in the slightest . The first option proposes that whoever hosts the cost–whether a platform or company , has control of an upload filter to remove content as directed by the council .
The second option proposes that if a user uploads copyright restricted or restricted content , that the platform or company is responsible . This means websites hosting content that is illegal under the council in some way can get in some serious trouble .
If the proposals in this leak come true , privacy , content control , and the internet itself can be seriously harmed in the EU . In order to prevent the laws and proposals from passing , you can call the people responsible for these proposals at websites like Savethememe.net .
If you want to take privacy into your own hands , perhaps consider trying out TorGuard VPN which gives you access to encryption and a shared IP address to keep your anonymous online . TorGuard also gives you access to restricted content in places like Europe or elsewhere around the world .
Omm ... Clinton Goes Zen , Tries Meditation To Get Through Epic Hearing
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Reynolds/EPA/Landov Michael Reynolds/EPA/Landov
This post was updated at 11:10 PM on October 24 , 2015 .
Passing through a human crush of reporters at 10 a.m . ET on Thursday , Hillary Clinton entered a hearing room where they displayed a kind of unearthly stamina , as the only witness during a hearing that spanned 11 hours . How , you might ask , did they get through it ?
Clinton was , of course , being questioned by the House Select Committee on Benghazi . The committee was formed last year and is investigating the Sept. 11 , 2012 , terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya , that left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Clinton was secretary of state at the time .
After three hours of questioning , the committee took a lunch break . As Clinton rose to leave the hearing room , they chatted with members of Congress who had been sitting behind them And that 's when NPR 's microphone picked up this sound of Clinton describing the secret to them stamina .
Clinton : ' I tried to meditate in the breaks ' 0:09
`` I tried to meditate in the breaks , '' Clinton says with a laugh . The person they were talking to responds , `` You 're doing great . ''
Since there had n't technically been any `` breaks '' yet , we can only assume Clinton was referring to the long monologues from Democratic members of the committee , waxing on about how the committee was wasting time and money . The monologues provided a `` break '' to the aggressive questioning Clinton got from Republican members .
At 8:30 p.m. , Rep. Linda Sanchez , D-Calif. , asked what many were wondering . `` Parliamentary inquiry , '' Sanchez said . `` How late are we going tonight ? ''
There was no answer , but at 9 p.m. , a full 11 hours after the hearing began , committee Chairman Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , brought it to a close .
Despite intense questioning from Republican members of the committee , Clinton maintained a calm , somber demeanor throughout . This is a contrast to their 2013 Senate testimony where they lost their temper and asked , `` What difference does it make ? ''
But this time , they did n't lose them cool . Did it have something to do with meditation ? Research shows it can relieve anxiety .
Yahoo News has another idea : Yoga .
`` Yahoo News yelled out to Clinton and asked how they had the stamina to get through the hearing . Clinton responded by flexing their biceps . Yahoo then asked Clinton whether their yoga routine helped them survive the testimony. `` 'Yes . Yes . Yoga always helps , ' they said before departing . ''
Yoga and meditation . Clearly Hillary Clinton is everyone 's mom from the '80s .
The Clinton campaign 's communications director said the former Secretary of State did n't need meditation to make it through the 11 hour marathon .
Despite an apparent need at the position , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers should avoid taking a running back early in this year 's draft .
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are selecting at pick number nineteen in the 2017 NFL Draft . This has led to a lot of parody as to whom the Buccaneers will be selecting in the upcoming draft due to everything that can occur in front of them .
Despite this , one selection has been gaining steam throughout this offseason and the noise has been increasing ever since the combine and the start of free agency . Dalvin Cook to Tampa Bay .
On the surface , the move seems perfect . Cook was on the same FSU team as Jameis Winston in college and would provide an instant boost to a position that Tampa struggled with last year .
However , there are multiple reasons why Tampa should avoid selecting any running back in the first , including Cook .
To start off just look at the depth of running backs in the upcoming draft . You can find explosive and exciting running backs deep into round three and perhaps even round four . Guys like Kareem Hunt or Marlon Mack . This should allow Tampa to address other , more pressing needs earlier . Positions like safety , offensive line , and tight end would help Tampa more than running back in this specific draft early .
In addition , our offensive line was n't really known for creating holes for whichever running back was in the backfield last year . The Buccaneers ranked last in the NFL in power run success last year at just 47 % and were stuffed at the line of scrimmage a league-leading 24 % of the time . Adding a new center and perhaps a new left guard , depending on if J.R Sweezy returns , could prove to be more valuable and help the running game more so then adding someone like Dalvin Cook or Christian McCaffrey in round 1 .
Furthermore , we simply have more pressing needs elsewhere , specifically safety . If we can find a really solid safety in the draft are defense can perhaps take the next step and become a bonafide elite unit . By adding a potential game changer to the weakest position on our defense it can improve our coverage throughout the defense . Most importantly , players like Vernon Hargreaves III wo n't be dismantled whenever they make any type of mistake by a lack of safety help due to missed assignments .
There are simply too many options available at perhaps the deepest position in the draft to take one early on when we have quite a few needs we still need to fill . Especially , if we have a chance to get a guy like Kareem Hunt or Marlon Mack in the third or possibly even the fourth round .
Yes , we should look at all possible running backs in the upcoming draft as any team who needs a running back should . However , we also need to look at ALL of the holes on the roster and what positions are top heavy as compared to others that are stocked full of talent . Like running back .
Ahh , summer . Get your fill of sunshine and beach time , BBQs and campfires , and ( best of all ) outdoor dancing . Perhaps you are lucky enough to live somewhere with year-round warm weather but for those of us who have to cope with long , harsh , blustery winters , summer is definitely a saving grace .
Once the temperature starts to rise , invitations pop up for swing in the park , bachata beach party , salsa by the lake , etc . Many dance communities offer outdoor social dance events and in this humble writer 's opinion , these are the best summer gems .
Here are a three reasons why you should attend and/or host as many outdoor socials as you possibly can !
The New Faces
Typically , social dance events are filled with friendly , welcoming people but if you are n't invited or you do n't seek out dance opportunities , it is unlikely you will encounter them on your own . Outdoor events provide an open atmosphere which is enjoyable for people of all ages and abilities . Often , passersby will hear the music and come check out an event they would n't have known about if it had been held indoors . Hosting an event in a public , outdoor venue allows for newcomers to be introduced to the dance scene , even if they just happen to be walking by . These positive interactions will contribute to the growth of your dance community .
The Fresh Air
I have been to a number of indoor events this summer and although they were fun , they all had one thing in common : no air conditioning ! One small , oscillating fan is not enough to provide relief from the heat . Although it 's hot outside as well , the open air is much more comfortable than a stuffy room . In addition , there is something so beautiful about dancing outdoors–the scenery and gentle breeze make for a memorable experience .
The Limited Time
Here in Saskatchewan and in many other locations around the world , the summer season is very short and therefore precious . Why not take advantage of the window of opportunity to spend more time outside ? As soon as spring hits , I start counting down the days for the first salsa event at City Square Plaza in Regina ( shout out to the Regina Salseros for running this awesome event every week in the summer ) . Although the season is brief , you can make the most of it through dance .
If you are heading to an outdoor social in your community , be sure to come prepared . Most of these events do not have a dance floor , so you 'll be dancing on grass , sand , pavement , cobblestone , or the wood panels of a gazebo or dock . Leave your fancy shoes at home ; instead , wear footwear in which you know you can dance comfortably . I recommend wearing runners , canvas shoes , or sandals with secure straps . I would also suggest bringing a handheld fan , bottle of water , and an ice pack just in case the wind is n't quite enough to keep you cool . Some dance companies sell water at their events , so be sure to support the community that supports you .
I would like to say a huge THANK YOU to all of the dance companies and individuals who provide outdoor social dance opportunities . It takes a lot of work to organize these events–just setting up the music and speakers can be difficult–and your hard work does not go unnoticed . Feel free to comment below with information regarding outdoor social dancing in your community . Get out there and enjoy those summer nights while they last !
In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter at Comic-Con , Mark Gatiss talks about their latest role in Game of thrones . They talk about about the numerous characters in the show and how difficult it is to remember all of their names . They also mention that they have already finished filming him . They also give some hints relating to their character in the upcoming season .
Here is a partial transcript of the interview :
Interviewer : “ Can you tell us anything about your character ? Alot of people think you are going to be mace ? ”
Mark : ” I ca n't tell you anything , honestly . They will shoot me ”
Interviewer : “ Does your character involve swords ? ”
Mark : “ Ohh… . * Hesitates * No , that would give too much away ! * Smiles * ”
Mark : … . “ It does involve hair though ! ”
Interviewer : “ So , you will have some strange colored wigs going on ? ”
Mark : “ We 'll see , we 'll see… * Smiles *
Aeron Damphair anyone……
See the full video : at http : //www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/comic-con-game-thrones-kit-588496
Advertisements
On the surface , the critical “ Shellshock ” bug revealed this week sounds devastating . By exploiting a bug in the Bash shell command line tool found in Unix-based systems , attackers can run code on your system—essentially giving them access to your system . Bad guys are already developing exploits that use Shellshock to crack your passwords and install DDoS bots on computers . And since Bash shell is borderline ubiquitous , a vast swath of devices is vulnerable to Shellshock : Macs , Linux systems , routers , web servers , “ Internet of Things ” gizmos , you name it .
Yeah , it sounds bad .
But really , the impact on you at home should be minimal , especially if you take some basic precautions . Windows systems are n't vulnerable whatsoever—though your router may very well be—unless you 're running a program like Cygwin .
How to determine if your computer is vulnerable to Shellshock
Before we dive in , let 's quickly talk about determining whether or not your system is running a vulnerable version of Bash shell . ( If you 're running a modern version of OS X or Linux , it probably is . )
Simply open the Terminal on your computer and type in the following :
env x= ' ( ) { : ; } ; echo vulnerable ' bash -c `` echo this is a test ''
If your system is vulnerable to the Bash bug , you 'll see the following :
vulnerable this is a test
If your system has already been patched to protect against the bug , on the other hand , you 'll see something similar to this :
$ env x= ' ( ) { : ; } ; echo vulnerable ' bash -c `` echo this is a test '' bash : warning : x : ignoring function definition attempt bash : error importing function definition for ` x ' this is a test
How to keep your computer safe from the Shellshock bug
Oh no ! Your system is still vulnerable to Shellshock ! What should you do now ?
Nothing drastic , if you 're an average computer user . If your computer is tucked safely behind a firewall—as it should be—the impact on you should be minimal , since attackers wo n't have any way to execute malicious code through the Bash shell on your system unless they trick you into running the command locally somehow . Shellshock is more dangerous for web servers and devices that `` listen '' for Internet commands than home PCs .
Apple drove that point home in its response to the Shellshock bug , which was provided to iMore :
“ The vast majority of OS X users are not at risk to recently reported bash vulnerabilities… With OS X , systems are safe by default and not exposed to remote exploits of bash unless users configure advanced UNIX services . We are working to quickly provide a software update for our advanced UNIX users . ”
If you are one of those advanced Unix users on a Mac , this StackExchange thread can show you how recompile Bash with Xcode to plug the bug immediately .
Symantec Symantec 's visual breakdown of how the Shellshock Bash bug works .
If you 're running Linux , most of the big-name distributions have already released updates that patch Shellshock , including Red Hat , Ubuntu , Debian , Fedora , CentOS and more . Be warned , however , that while this critical update mostly plugs the Shellshock , it is still considered incomplete , as Red Hat explains :
“ Red Hat is aware that the patch for CVE-2014-6271 is incomplete . An attacker can provide specially-crafted environment variables containing arbitrary commands that will be executed on vulnerable systems under certain conditions ... We are working on patches in conjunction with the upstream developers as a critical priority… Red Hat advises customers to upgrade to the version of Bash which contains the fix for CVE-2014-6271 and not wait for the [ additional ] patch . ”
Beyond your computer 's operating system , many Internet-enabled devices are vulnerable to Shellshock—including network gear . Check your router manufacturer 's website and make sure your firmware is up to date .
The bottom line
Do n't panic ! Shellshock is n't the end of the world .
But if you 're running Linux or OS X , install the newest security updates as soon as possible . Make sure your networking gear is running the latest available firmware as well . ( Check back on your router manufacturer 's website over the coming days if there 's nothing available now ) . And definitely be on the lookout for malicious emails that try to convince you to run software locally , or attempt to play off Shellshock fears to phish your personal information or login credentials to services . Big scares like this always bring the creeps out of the woodwork .
PCWorld 's guides to protecting your PC against devious security traps and identifying malicious email can help you with the latter . For the full rundown on Shellshock—including how the Bash bug affects Internet of Things devices like security cameras and smart appliances—be sure to check out our original report on the bug .
Terra ( The Trade Reference Currency , TRC ) is the name of a possible `` world currency '' . The concept was proposed by Belgian economist and expert on monetary systems Bernard A. Lietaer in 2001 , based on a similar proposal from the 1930s .
The currency is meant to be based on a basket of the 9-12 most important commodities ( according to their importance in worldwide trade ) . Lietaer opines this would provide a currency that would n't suffer from inflation :
Terra = reference unit defined as standardized basket of key internationally traded commodities & services .
Example : 100 Terra =
1 barrel of oil
+ 10 bushels of wheat
+ 20 kg of copper
...
+ 1/10 of ounce of gold
NB : any standardizable good or service can be included .
Similar stability to gold standard , but with basket instead of single commodity ( more stable than any one component ) ...
Terra is Inflation-resistant by definition . [ 1 ]
The basic principle emerged from early concepts presented in an article in the French newspaper `` Le Fédériste '' on 1 January 1933 . The idea to establish a `` L'Europa – monnaie de la paix '' , in English `` Europe - Money of peace '' , was given birth . The idea was enthusiastically picked up by Lietaer during an educational journey .
See also [ edit ]
The officers involved in the shooting death of Tamir Rice will face administrative charges and hearings before Cleveland officials more than two years after the fatal incident at a city recreation center .
During a last-minute press conference at city hall , Chief Calvin Williams , who was flanked by Mayor Frank Jackson and other city officials , said the administrative investigation against the officers involved in the death of Rice has been completed and hearings are to be held soon .
Rice , 12 , was shot and killed November 22 , 2014 , by officer Timothy Loehmann moments after they and officer Frank Garmback arrived at the Cudell Recreation Center . William Cunningham II was working at the center at the time of the shooting .
A grand jury refused to file any criminal charges against Loehmann and Garmback in December 2015 . The officers were under an administrative investigation following the grand jury announcement .
FULL COVERAGE : Tamir Rice
City officials have charged Loehmann for failing to provide truthful information on their employment application regarding disciplinary actions , information surrounding their departure from a previous police department and failing a test in May 2013 , according to documents released by the city . Loehmann faces six charges , but none are in response to the November 2014 shooting of Rice .
Garmback did not employ proper tactics when they operated the patrol car the day Rice was shot , the documents said . They are also charged with failing to report their arrival time to radio dispatchers immediately upon their arrival to the recreation center .
Cunningham is charged with working at the recreation without permission and signing an untruthful form to report the incident between the police officers and Rice .
Two of the officers will go before Safety Director Michael McGrath and face a 10-day suspension to termination .
Only one of the officers will go before Williams for an alleged rule violation . It is possible the officer wo n't be disciplined longer than a 10-day suspension .
All three officers are scheduled for a pre-disciplinary conference on Jan. 30 .
The Cleveland Police Patrolmen 's Association President Steve Loomis released a statement following the announcement of charges :
The CPPA is encouraged that Officer Loehmann has not been charged with any wrongdoing regarding their response to the events of November 22 , 2014 . There is no question , and there has never been , that the death of Tamir Rice was tragic . Nevertheless , all agree that Officer Loehmann was not wrong in reacting the way they did . It appears that the actual charges are created to discipline him , and perhaps discharge him , despite the fact that they did nothing wrong that day .
It is disappointing that Officer Garmback has been charged with making a tactical error on their approach , when it is apparent that the car slid in the ice and mud well beyond what they intended . Given the speed and gravity of the events on that day , it is hard to imagine that Officer Garmback has been charged with failure to notify the radio dispatcher `` immediately . ''
We are reviewing the charges in detail and will prepare appropriate defenses , as necessary .
The decision to charge the officers is more than two years after the fatal incident under a gazebo at the recreation center . Rice 's death was of many high profiled case across the United States that highlighted race relations between police officers and communities of color . The death of Rice ignited local and national protest .
Wiliams said the investigation took so long because the department wanted to make a `` deep dive '' into what actually happened .
The city of Cleveland and Rice 's family agreed to a $ 6 million settlement last year .
Earlier this month , Subodh Chandra , a lawyer for Rice 's mother , Samaria , criticized Williams for failing to announce the findings of the administrative investigation .
`` The Rice family has waited over two years too long for you and the City to announce your decision , '' the letter said . `` In the meantime , both officers continue to enjoy taxpayer-funded salaries after killing a child while flouting standard police policies and procedures . To the family , it looks like the objective is to increase the chance that the community will forget the need for accountability and answers . ''
Chandra said they and Samaria were not notified of Friday 's press conference and they are very upset . They held a press conference a few short hours later .
Devs remove single tree from videogame , just for one guy
InRising Storm 2 : Vietnam there 's a particular tree that was really cramping one player 's style , so they made a post about it , asking the devs if they could just get rid of the tree .
The lone tree stood on its own , did n't provide any cover , did n't really need to be there… but the player would constantly try to use that area to sneak through in a helicopter and would keep forgetting the tree is there , and crashing into it .
The player said their favorite role , by far , in this entire game is flying a Huey . They found a great landing zone with tree cover , but it 's close to an objective so they often get hit with fire while approaching , but tactically they 've figured out the perfect way to get their crew unloaded – the only problem is that tree is in the way .
They reached out to the devs in a reddit post to plead their case , saying “ This is a complete non-issue and personal to me in every way as a pilot ; but can you please remove this specific tree Tripwire ? ”
The user went on to further explain their frustrations :
“ It 's such a small issue I know . Like this one tree in some irrelevant part of one map but it serves no purpose . It 's too small and thin for cover , it 's directly in the middle of a big pathway from the river . Replace it with a rock or something that wo n't snap my blades in half . ”
In the image above , you can see their most recent downed chopper , one again falling victim to the lonely tree .
Sure enough , a couple of weeks later , there was an update to the game . There were a few updates to the maps , like adding some more cover to one map , extending the artillery protection in another , changing around the lighting… and one more thing :
The patch notes actually said “ Removed one specific tree from the landing zone in An Lao Valley , per a request from reddit user SprayAndPray . We agree with you , sir ! ”
This just goes to show you that it never hurts to ask .
Paris Jackson is on a mission to heal the world .
The daughter of late king of pop , Michael Jackson , jetted to Puerto Rico on Friday to help distribute supplies to families living in Aguadilla — a town on the island 's northwestern tip . Aguadilla is getting less attention and resources , as it 's largely cut off from San Juan due to downed bridges and other road infrastructure issues .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
During their trip , Jackson brought supplies to a school located in the town that is without electricity and running water . They also donated a backpack , personal water purifier and solar light for each child at the school , as most — if not all — of the students do not have electricity in their homes and are unable to complete their homework .
“ I made friends today . Feels good to be with beings of light on that mutual frequency . What incredible little bundles of joy , ” Jackson captioned an Instagram photo , which showed them reading a book to a child at a school .
Lesley Murphy
On September 20 , Hurricane Maria — a powerful category 5 hurricane — made landfall on Puerto Rico , absolutely decimating the island and claiming many lives . Over a month later , there is still little power on the island and many are left without water to drink or bathe in , as well as limited food access and cell service .
RELATED VIDEO : Jennifer Lopez , Marc Anthony & Alex Rodriguez Join Forces For Star-Studded Benefit Concert Aiding Puerto Rico
From Hurricane Maria to Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma , celebrities have been lending their time and money to assist their fellow Americans . Other celebrities making donations to Puerto Rico include Jennifer Lopez , Jennifer Aniston and Chelsea Handler , who all donated $ 1 million each . Lopez also helped raise $ 35 million at a star-studded charity concert benefitting the island .
Just weeks ago , Bethenny Frankel , 46 , chartered numerous planes leaving from Miami , Fort Lauderdale and New Jersey to distribute more than 20,000 lbs . of donated medical and survival supplies , such as water , canned goods , diapers , baby food , medical supplies , toys and insulin .
Bethenny Frankel Courtesy Bethenny Frankel
In addition , Frankel donated 2,000 pounds in non-perishable , nutrient-dense meals from Feeding America and City Harvest , $ 25,000 in cash gift cards and cash and $ 30,000 in Costco gift cards .
West Precinct detectives and the Seattle Animal Shelter are investigating a man for possible animal cruelty charges after they were caught strangling a hawk Monday in a downtown park . The hawk was so seriously injured that it had to be euthanized .
Around 4 pm on October 1st , officers went to Victor Steinbrueck Park , near the Pike Place Market , after receiving a report about a man harming a bird .
At the park , officers found the man , who was holding the bird—a Cooper 's Hawk—in their hands and told them to let it go .
Instead , the suspect—who appeared intoxicated—swore at officers and walked away .
Officers believed the man was suffocating the bird and , with the help of Pike Place Market security , grabbed hold of the suspect 's arms to try to get them to release the hawk .
The man gripped the bird even tighter , but officers were eventually able to convince them to release the hawk .
A shooting and hostage situation in the town of Dueren in northwest Germany has ended with one hostage injured and the gunman , who was also the hostage taker , dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to police .
The incident began with a shooting at a hairdressing salon , DPA reported , citing police . There was “ at least one shot , ” a police spokesperson told journalists . Police later confirmed that there had been no casualties at the salon .
According to local media , a man entered the hairdressing salon and insulted a woman before firing several shots and taking one woman hostage .
The man later fled the scene and barricaded themselves in a nearby apartment with the hostage . German media reported that Old Town had been closed off due to a “ heavy police presence ” at the scene .
A Special Forces unit ( SEK ) later stormed the apartment and found two severely injured persons – one was the hostage , who was taken to hospital , and the other the man considered to be the gunman and hostage taker , who died at the scene after apparently shooting himself .
Police have confirmed to the dpa news agency that the hostage situation in Dueren has been resolved , and there is no more danger to the public .
The identity of the suspect is still unknown , according to police , who said the perpetrator was apparently having problems in their personal life .
Read more
Meanwhile , another shooting occurred in the town of Hagen located about 100 kilometers from Dueren , German N-TV reports .
In that town , a man armed “ with a sword or a long knife ” was shot dead by police while chasing another man , who was already injured , DPA reports .
Police officers demanded that the man drop their weapon , but shot the armed suspect after they ignored a warning shot . The motives in that incident are still unclear , and Hagen police have not yet issued any official statement .
Germany witnessed a series of violent assaults and terrorist attacks back in July , including an axe rampage on a train in Wurzburg and a suicide bombing in Ansbach that were claimed by Islamic State ( IS , former ISIS/ISIL ) .
Also , an 18-year-old Iranian-German went on a shooting rampage in Munich in late July , killing nine people , while a machete-wielding asylum seeker acting out of jealousy killed one person and injured five others in the town of Reutlingen just two days later .
The F-35 joint strike fighter would be cut in a Trump administration , with the business person and 2016 GOP front-runner saying it does n't make sense to spend so much money on a plane that critics say does n't work as advertised .
Donald Trump told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt on Thursday that the delayed , over-budget program that has produced planes with glitches has `` big problems '' and would n't continue if they were commander in chief .
Trump said their decision is based on reviews of test pilots , one of whom wrote recently that the F-35 repeatedly performs worse than the planes It 's designed to replace .
`` I do hear that it 's not very good . I 'm hearing that our existing planes are better . And one of the pilots came out of the plane , one of the test pilots , and said this is n't as good as what we already have , '' Trump said . `` And to spend billions and billions of dollars on something that maybe is n't as good ...
`` They 're saying it does n't perform as well as our existing equipment , which is much less expensive . So when I hear that , immediately I say we have to do something , because you know , they 're spending billions . This is a plane , there 's never been anything like it in terms of cost . And how about , you know , we 're retooling with planes that are n't as good as the ones we have , and the test pilots are amazing people . They know better than anybody , okay , and I think you would accept that . ''
The F-35 program includes variants for the Marine Corps , Air Force and Navy , and also has international developmental partners and customers . The fighter program has been plagued by numerous problems from helmet glitches that made pilots air sick to software issues . Most recently , the services discovered that pilots weighing less than 136 pounds could be killed by whiplash if they needed to eject
While the Pentagon works on a solution , lighter weight pilots are restricted from flying the F-35 .
Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan , program manager of the F-35 , told Congress last week that the U.S. military will not pay for fixes to the ejection seat , but that it could take at least another year before the problem is fixed .
( h/t the Fiscal Times )
Cloud computing takes a stronger meaning in Australia today , with the darling of the internet world , Amazon , finally announcing it will be offering a full range of services to government agencies , academic institutions , developers and businesses of all sizes onshore .
As widely expected , Amazon.com 's cloud computing arm Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) announced the new Sydney data centre overnight Tuesday , via a blog post . It will offer the company 's best known services including Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) , DynamoDB and Simple Storage Service ( S3 ) .
The new facility will cater for customers tempted by the cloud computing giant 's scale and easy self-serve model , but restricted in their choice of provider by data sovereignty requirements .
Amazon did not reveal the location of the facility , but it is expected it will be housed in Equinix 's new SYD3 data centre to be officially opened by the Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Senator Stephen Conroy on Thursday November 15 . Prospective customers will be told more details today ( Tuesday ) when the company holds its love-in , a Customer Appreciation Day , at The Westin hotel in Martin Place , Sydney .
Minister says non-compulsory plebiscite would not need Senate approval and be a ‘ much cleaner process ' than a private member or Labor bill
The immigration minister , Peter Dutton , has called for a voluntary postal plebiscite on same-sex marriage , while pushing back against their moderate Liberal colleagues ' attempts to bring on a conscience vote .
Dutton also used a Sunday morning interview to defend their appointment to the new home affairs portfolio , and launched another attack on the ABC , describing it as a culturally-flawed “ worker 's collective ” that had deviated from its charter .
Tony Abbott says home affairs ministry was not needed when they were leader Read more
“ I hope that Michelle Guthrie can arrest some of that direction and bring it back to a more sensible position , ” Dutton told Sky News on Sunday .
“ That 's been my long-held view of the ABC … and I have n't seen anyone dispute that with any seriousness , ” they said .
Dutton was asked about Fairfax Media reports on a conservative push for a postal plebiscite on same-sex marriage .
Voting in a postal plebiscite would be voluntary , and such an approach would avoid the need for legislation to be passed through the Senate .
A postal vote is supported by Nationals MP , George Christensen , and the Queensland Liberal National party passed a motion in support of the option last week .
Dutton all but conceded a traditional plebiscite was impossible , but pushed back against attempts to deal with the issue through a private members bill , an approach led by Liberal MP , Dean Smith .
“ Our party went to the election with a promise of a plebiscite , which has not been possible to deliver because we ca n't get the votes of the Senate , ” Dutton said .
“ From that point , what 's the next best option ? In my mind it is a postal plebiscite which allows the public to have their say . If the majority of Australian people have their say in favour of change , my view is that having advocated a democratic process … then the government of the day is bound by that outcome . ”
“ I think that is a much cleaner process than people running off to support private members ' motions , or a Labor stunt within the House of Representatives . ”
But marriage equality campaigners have criticised any attempt for a postal vote .
The Australian Marriage Equality co-chair and New South Wales independent MP Alex Greenwich described it as a “ political trick to override the role of parliament ” .
“ The Senate and the high court of Australia made it crystal clear the only way to deliver marriage equality is though a vote in parliament , ” they said . “ Any attempt to hold a non-binding and voluntary postal plebiscite will be seen as a pointless political trick to override the role of parliament and delay the settled will of the Australian people . ”
The prime minister , Malcolm Turnbull , named Dutton as the minister responsible for a new broad and powerful home affairs department . The move was criticised as a “ captain 's pick ” , but Dutton defended the appointment . They said the prime minister has held the right to make government arrangements since federation .
“ In the end what was Malcolm Turnbull 's intention , what was their desire here , was to do everything within our power to keep the Australian public safe , ” they said .
Dutton was asked whether they agreed with church leaders ' criticism of the ABC this week over a recent report on Christianity and family violence . Church leaders attacked the report , alleging bias .
Dutton said there was “ no immediate fix ” to the ABC 's cultural problems . They said the former prime minister John Howard had similar views of the ABC , but was unable to solve the problem through “ sensible ” appointments to the broadcaster 's board .
“ I think we need to recognise that there is a problem , ABC for a long time has become a worker 's collective , ” Dutton said . “ I think there is a huge gap between the attitude of many within the senior ranks of the ABC and people who live in electorates like mine . ”
They said if the ABC stuck to its charter there would be “ less difficulty ” .
“ We need to recognise it and hopefully in time it can be dealt with , ” they said .
Early national presidential primary polls are , at best , rough indicators of who will eventually become the party 's standard-bearer . But the Republican primary field is especially scattered heading into the 2016 cycle , which is one reason why Jeb Bush 's recent moves toward a candidacy are getting so much attention .
In fact , the GOP field is more scattered at this stage in GOP primaries since at least 1987 , according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll . The table below looks back at early Post-ABC surveys in the past five open Republican primary contests .
Washington Post-ABC News polls
A few findings help give a sense of just how uncertain Republicans are in their current views :
1 . Nine Republican candidates garner at least 5 percent support , several more than in past cycles ( it was five in early 2011 and 1987 ) .
2 . Mitt Romney is on top , but their 20 percent support is quite a bit smaller than past leaders ( 2012 being an exception ) . Given that they appear unlikely to run again , the poll asked Romney supporters who they 'd support instead . Their supporters split between Bush , Rand Paul , Paul Ryan and others , leaving an even-more-dispersed field .
Washington Post-ABC News poll
3 . Look across the first few rows , and you 'll see many household names of American politics . Name recognition plays a big role in early voter preferences , but as the tale of Mayor Rudy Giuliani teaches , this can evaporate quickly with poor performances in early contests .
4 . And lastly , each eventual victor in the past five cycles has at least been in the mix of top candidates at this stage . Both father and son Bush were clear favorites , but Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney were among the candidates with the most support in recent cycles . Having clear support early does not assure victory , but it 's not a bad thing either .
Of course , given so many candidates are so tightly packed this year , it 's quite possible the 2016 GOP nominee is n't in the top three right now .
Medical supply giant Stryker announced they would lay off 1,170 workers citing the costs associated with Obamacare . By the end of the year , Michigan-based Stryker Corporation should complete its downsizing , which will result in the shuttering of two Western New York operations .
FOX News reported :
Medical supply giant Stryker is the latest company to announce job cuts in anticipation of coming costs associated with ObamaCare , even though the man who inherited a fortune from the company 's founder is a fan .
The company will cut 1,170 jobs , or five percent of its worldwide workforce , despite the fact that the founder 's grandson was one of the largest contributors to President Obama 's re-election campaign . Medical tech scion Jon Stryker , whose net worth is currently estimated at $ 1.2 billion , contributed $ 2 million to the Priorities USA Action super PAC and has given $ 66,000 in contributions to Obama and the Democratic Party . Stryker does not run the company .
A “ medical device excise tax ” included in the mandate imposes a 2.3 percent levy on medical device manufacturers and suppliers , which critics say will raise prices on everything from pacemakers to prosthetics to stents . Companies will be required to pay the tax regardless if they have a profit or loss for the year . The tax is estimated to cost the medical device industry $ 20 billion .
House Republicans tried to have the tax repealed , drafting a bill called the Protect Medical Innovation Act , but the Democrat-controlled Senate has blocked the measure .
“ The targeted reductions and other restructuring activities are being initiated to provide efficiencies and realign resources in advance of the new Medical Device Excise Tax scheduled to begin in 2013 , as well as to allow for continued investment in strategic areas and drive growth despite the ongoing challenging economic environment and market slowdown in elective procedures , ” Stryker spokesperson Yin Becker told FoxNews.com . “ The reductions and restructuring activities are expected to be substantially complete by the end of 2012 . ”
Can the securitized debt market be restarted ? How can the supply of private credit be restored to even close to previous levels without it ? ( The securitized debt market will not be restored to anywhere near its previous level . Private credit markets going forward will be a function of sound investment demand , not issuance creativity . )
Can confidence in the debt securitization model be restored in time to boost the credit supply before the economy contracts so much that credit demand falls to comatose levels ?
How can household borrowing be restored when unemployment is rising ? The US economy desperately needs organic job creation to raise incomes from salaries , and high interest rates to motivate saving . ( Household borrowing will never reach previous levels relative to income . )
What will happen to GDP short term if credit supply and demand are not quickly restored ? ( GDP will decline precipitously . In the future a pool of savings more than credit will finance expansion . )
What will happen to sales , income , capital gains , and property tax receipts as sales revenues fall with a decline in consumer and capital spending , incomes fall with rising unemployment , capital gains fall with declining asset prices , and property taxes fall along with property valuations ? ( Tax receipts will fall dramatically . )
How can the federal government stimulate jobs creation with spending programs at the same time state governments are laying off employees in droves to meet budget restraints ? ( The government can not `` create '' jobs , but can move them from one part of the economy to another , or from the future into the present when they are needed more . The net long term results are , however , negative . The only `` solution '' to the credit collapse problem is to not allow a credit bubble to develop in the first place . )
Wo n't the federal government find itself needing to finance state and local budgets to achieve the politically desired net job creation , and wo n't that add substantially to federal budget liabilities ? ( Yes . )
How will the federal government stimulate demand by job and income growth at the same time household net worth is falling with asset prices , creating an undertow of negative wealth effects ? Wo n't the Federal government for political reasons need to step up the financing of public pensions , and even private ones to at least backstop those losses ? ( Yes , further increasing budget liabilities . )
Epiphany that tax receipts will be dramatically lower than current estimates and expectations , creating a fiscal deficit shock ( Timing : Late April or early May ? ) Epiphany that demands on the Federal budget are higher than currently expected due to extension of lender of last resort operations to finance current credit market challenges and the inclusion of new rescue operations , such as to support credit card and insurance companies , and a series of funding crises , such as public pensions , and state and local government budget shortfalls . ( Timing : Ongoing ) Supply crash meets money supply boom , resulting in rising inflation . All across the supply chain , from raw to finished goods , supply is falling . Starting with raw materials , it is easy to forget that mining is a capital-intensive process , and without credit production has slowed dramatically . Without trade credit shipping and trade have slowed dramatically . In terms of finished goods , the retail trade industry is contracting quickly . Much as occurred starting in 1975 , government efforts to reflate the economy by increasing the money supply ran head long into a collapse in goods supply . Looking at trends in goods supply and money supply , a rise in inflation starting with consumer prices may have already begun . ( Timing : Q4 2009 or Q1 2010 ? ) Epiphany that China will as its economy contracts not be able to afford to continue to purchase US Treasury bonds despite the virtually guaranteed result , a collapse in US export demand and value of dollar denominated reserve assets . The situation will be similar to that which the US and UK found themselves in 1930 , unable to continue to make payments that maintained capital inflows that the German economy depended on to finance its fiscal and current account imbalances : the German economy collapsed in a Sudden Stop event in 1931 . The timing of this event is very difficult because it is political ; at what point does the cost of buying Treasuries outweigh the cost of not buying them ? ( See Economic M.A.D . ) Long before the now common warnings from China are acted on , we should see some early signs [ See : Headed for a Sudden Stop ) . One of those signs will be investors hiding out in dollar inflation hedges like commodities and precious metals , and we take the coincidence of falling Treasury yields and rising gold prices as a sign that some investors are preparing for a Sudden Stop event . ( Timing : Q3 or Q4 2009 ? )
Select
To receive the iTulip Newsletter or iTulip Alerts , Join our FREE Email Mailing List
Copyright © iTulip , Inc. 1998 - 2007 All Rights Reserved
All information provided `` as is '' for informational purposes only , not intended for trading purposes or advice . Nothing appearing on this website should be considered a recommendation to buy or to sell any security or related financial instrument . iTulip , Inc. is not liable for any informational errors , incompleteness , or delays , or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein . Full Disclaimer
Much attention is paid to the health of US banks , but a more pressing problem as the Flow of Funds reveals is that the magic securitized debt machine broke in the final quarters of 2008 that for decades fulfilled the endless demand for credit by households and businesses . Now that unemployment is rising , demand for credit is falling , and with the securitized debt machine broken , the supply of private credit has dried up , too . Where does that leave us ? In sum , we see the risk that , much as in 2001 following the collapse of the technology stock bubble but driven by considerably more extreme circumtances , tax receipts in 2009 are vastly over-estimated while demands on the federal government to finance both fiscal stimulus and to act as a long term lender of last resort are vastly underestimated.As argued in “ Road to Ruin : Final stretch ” the US is vulnerable to a balance of payments crisis . The cause of that crisis is the convergence of four main crisis events , and we are ready to say that these may occur within the next three quarters : The near convergence of these events means they may occur either in sequence or more or less at the same time . For example , if clear evidence of inflation arises soon , that will cause Treasury prices to fall , and in fact may be causing them to do so already . The most likely trigger is a Tax Receipt Epiphany that leads to a Fiscal Deficit Shock and sudden loss of confidence in US sovereign credit quality.The result in the fabled “ Poom ” of iTulip 's 1999 Ka-Poom Theory , a theory of the final stage of the disinflation and reflation process of the asset price inflation cycles that began in the early 1980s , began to end in early 2008 with the onset of debt deflation.We explore the fiscal deficit shock idea in more detail in Flow of Funds in a Transformational Depression ( $ ubscription ) __________________________________________________
We have been engaged in the area of digital literacy for the past 15 years . However , we have n't solely been working with the perspective of creating ‘ digitally literate individuals ' . We 're continuously working on the ground to experiment on how digital interventions can enhance the lives of people . We are determined to transform the information poor into information rich , and enable marginalized and underserved communities to become part of the interactive economy .
The government , too , is trying hard to push digital adoption and penetration . In this effort , we 've seen hundreds and thousands of curriculums being developed for digital literacy , and now financial digital literacy as well . The education sector , particularly , is gung-ho on its agenda to make people digitally literate so that they can consume information and services being offered by the government online . In fact , the government-driven National Digital Literacy Mission ( NDLM ) programme , of which we have been a part , is aimed at creating digitally literate individuals . Last year , they raised their goal to target 60 million additional ( previous target was 4 million ) individuals under the scheme . When NDLM was being planned and was in its nascent stages , there was a lot of deliberation and discussion on how to develop a curriculum that best suits the needs and learning capacities of rural populations . Following the planning of a course structure , it was decided that each NDLM trainee will have to go through an examination at the end of the course to truly qualify as a ‘ digitally literate ' person .
Now , the project is struggling to make the curriculum certificate-oriented . But our experience on the ground has taught us that you do n't really need a rigid curriculum . All you have to do is expose people to digital as a medium and let them explore it on their own . We 've seen some amazing results come out of this experiment .
By simply giving access to technology and basic knowledge of operating a device we have tried to understand what rural India is exploring online . The results are wide and varied . In a rural location near Puducherry , a group of girls is accessing the Internet to take ‘ How to become a beautician ' course on YouTube . Children in rural Alwar , Rajasthan , who have never travelled outside their village , are looking up the Charminar in Hyderabad online . A woman from a Bengaluru slum likes to learn from make-up tutorials online . A man in Tekulodu , Andhra Pradesh , is learning about organic farming to make their land sustainable and profitable . A couple of men in Erumad , Tamil Nadu , are reading up about tribal rights so that they can better serve their community . A young woman in Musiri , Tamil Nadu , is learning how to design cotton sarees to fight competition . None of them had been taught to look for anything in particular . Instead , they were given the freedom to look up whatever they wanted to .
Do you think digital literacy is a means to consume diverse content for rural Indians ? If you believe that , do you think we 're producing enough relevant and contextual content for them ? Are we really providing ‘ digital ' as a platform that enables them to create their own content and offer services ? There are various news portals today that want to share rural news but are they catering to the needs of the rural population or are they simply satisfied to serve the English-reading Internet-enabled urban population of India ? Is the centre making a right policy by encouraging the rural population to go online without creating relevant contextual content for them to access ?
I want to make three recommendations . Firstly , the so-called content creators and access facilitators need to push any stereotype that they might have in their heads regarding what rural consumers would like to do online . When given access to the Internet , the rural population might be looking for things as diverse as what the urban population is looking for , or probably even more diverse that we can imagine . Secondly , those offering digital literacy courses to the rural population should see it as a means of not just enabling the digital immigrants to become consumers of information available online but also producers of content available online . Thirdly , the government and civil society 's approach towards digital literacy should not be to meet target and throw numbers of making a certain number of individuals digitally literate but to ensure that the same number of people continue to use the training provided to them for the purpose they want to use it for .
About 70 % of India lives in rural areas . They not only constitute a large population of potential consumers of information online but they also hold hundreds of years of experience , knowledge and wisdom—tried , tested and preserved—across areas such as agriculture , soil , art , culture , language , design , handicraft , architecture , food , medicine , education , history , trade , water conservation , environment protection , love and empathy , among others . Unless we treat this large unconnected population as a pool of producers ( rather than serving it with content that our judgement says suits them best ) , we will not be able to achieve the results we dream in a Digital India .
Osama Manzar is founder-director of Digital Empowerment Foundation and chair of Manthan and mBillionth awards . They are member ( advisory board ) at Alliance for Affordable Internet and has co-authored NetCh @ kra–15 Years of Internet in India and Internet Economy of India . They tweet @ osamamanzar
This is the full list of Labour MPs who received donations , or donations in kind , from the RMT union , according to the new entry in the Register of Members ' Interests . The union is not affiliated to Labour but its gifts follow bouts of speculation that it could rejoin the ranks of official backers of the party .
Diane Abbott , shadow home secretary and MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington – £2,500
Jeremy Corbyn , Labour leader and MP for Islington North – £5,000
Kelvin Hopkins , MP for Luton North – £5,000
Ian Lavery , party chair and MP for Wansbeck – £5,000
Clive Lewis , MP for Norwich South – £3,000
Rebecca Long-Bailey , shadow business , industrial strategy and energy secretary and MP for Salford and Eccles – £4,600
Andy McDonald , shadow transport secretary and MP for Middlesbrough – £4,000
John McDonnell , shadow chancellor and MP for Hayes and Harlington – amount unknown .
Ian Mearns , MP for Gateshead – £8,000
Grahame Morris , MP for Easington – £4,000
Teresa Pearce , MP for Erith and Thamesmead – £2,500
Angela Rayner , shadow education secretary and MP for Ashton-under-Lyne – £4,000
Cat Smith , shadow minister for voter engagement and youth affairs and MP for Lancaster and Fleetwood – £5,000
Jo Stevens , MP for Cardiff Central – £2,500
Say hello , wave goodbye . Posted by Pointman on March 20 , 2014 · 50 Comments
One of the intriguing aspects of the climate wars is that you very frequently see people dropping comments on blogs that they started off as unthinking believers in catastrophic global warming but when they actually stopped and looked into it for themselves , became skeptics . I 've yet to see a comment from someone who 's moved from a skeptic viewpoint to an alarmist one , and unlike perhaps a lot of skeptics , I do spend a fair amount of time reading the alarmist output .
There must of course be the odd exception but the general conclusion to be drawn is that the road to a climate Damascus appears to be one-way .
That 's an interesting phenomenon in and of itself but especially germane if you write a blog , since for a blog like this on a contentious subject like global warming , there are only three pertinent demographics . Those who agree it 's a load of rubbish – nice to meet you by the way so lets exchange some tips and ideas . Those who can never be persuaded – there 's a beautiful little quagmire over here I 'd like to introduce you to , and finally those of you who are unaligned but are capable of being swayed to the skeptic viewpoint – you 're the ones this blog is aimed at , so hello my little Chickadee and let 's become the best of friends …
Seriously though , it 's an absolutely vital demographic to identify – those who can genuinely change their mind .
A recent survey of over 5000 skeptics regularly contributing to the big climate skeptic sites came up with some interesting statistics about those who responded . Four out of five of them had degrees , with nearly a half of those with an additional post-graduate qualification of some sort . Just to stroke our own egos a bit more , most of the qualifications were in fields like physics , chemistry , maths , engineering and computing .
Jeez , chess club on a Saturday night must have been a bloody riot with that lot around .
Anyway , apparently we 're chock-a-block with all those hard degrees which make our brightest become unemployable in these wonderful days of post-industrial service economies , where everyone is frantically selling each other intangibles like financial services which nobody actually needs and at the same time nobody actually manufactures a damn thing . They might as well have done media studies , which I 'm led to believe comes with a rather swish social life .
I ca n't help but feel a bit intimidated being numbered in such brainy company , but it 's quite a nice feeling though , innit ? I suppose the comfort is that most ordinary folk saw through the illusion of global warming a lot quicker than the Brainiacs . Time to bask in smug mode …
A superficial examination of those demographics suggests an obvious answer to why all the climate conversions are in our favour ; we 're simply more qualified and smarter than your average alarmist , as Yogi said to Boo-boo . Once what evidence there is as a basis for believing in a human-made global warming disaster is looked at critically by the scientifically educated , it simply fails to stand up to close scrutiny .
It 's a temptingly easy answer and a flattering notion but given a moment 's thought , it 's obviously wrong .
If all it took was a sciency degree to become seduced to the dark side of the force , then how do you explain away what can only be called the advocate scientists who , though armed to the teeth with qualifications , still think we 're heading for a global thermogeddon ? Yes , I know they 're none of them first class intellects and indeed mostly fall into that borderline B double minus and C double plus category of academics – good at the committee work and superb at the bureaucratic infighting but they would n't recognise a truly original idea if it sauntered up and idly gnawed on their arse for five minutes just to get their attention .
Thinking that some sort of science qualification makes a person open to persuasion to our admittedly unfashionable viewpoint is a case of the tail wagging the dog . It 's because they actually are persuadable personalities that they do have a tendency to get involved in disciplines like science . Moving over to the skeptic viewpoint is more about people 's innate personality rather than whatever qualifications they may happen to have , if any . Third raters go into science because they 're looking for a hiding place , second raters go in there because they 're under the illusion it represents some sort of definable settled certainty , but the best go in there because they know in their heart of hearts it 's the fascinating open badlands of the mind which can never be finally domesticated .
I 've previously expressed my misgivings about polls in general and quite frankly , I ca n't help but get the feeling that the poll in question had a subconscious bias towards rooting out and establishing some sort of academic respectability for being a skeptic rather than getting a genuine feel for the skeptic as a demographic . Thank you but I do n't feel the need to be clutching a degree in climate science before raising an objection to being legged over politically . It did n't seem to take into account there were whole other spheres of activity like commerce or that ca n't drop the ball career of raising a family . Strangely , a lot of skeptics with a brain are involved in a whole range of other activities , but you 'd never know it from the set of questions posed .
Anyway , we 're still driven to ask that deeper question ; what makes a personality persuadable ?
The answer to that I think is quite basic – they are people who know they can be mistaken . In point of fact , they 're used to making mistakes and correcting their course . That 's how they learn and that 's how they get good at whatever it is they do .
You made an algebraic transformation that was in error , you correct it and move on . You thought the problem was with the carburetor , but it was n't so you look at the fuel pump . You wrote a program and it crashed , you debug it and move on . You screwed up the household budget , you fix the numbers and move on . After you 'd set that crop , you realised you could have done it better , that wo n't happen next season . Somebody shows you a better way to split a brick , you start using it . You made a bad business decision , you correct it and move on .
If they notice an error or anomaly , they ca n't ignore it , even if that leads them off the consensus reservation . As JM Keynes said , when the facts change , I change my mind . Those guys and gals do change their minds and one way or another they tend to be the leadership types that others look to . They 're the quality end of the recruitment pool . Take a hard look around the skeptic blogosphere – nearly every one of the prominenti in it started off as an unconscious believer in the global warming threat .
Persuadable people need explanations that work , that hang together , reasons that make sense rather than being told to have faith , not sunshine being blown up their ass . Nothing else works with that particular breed and to my mind I consider them to be the influential people we need to get on side at both a micro and hopefully macro level .
That 's why I do n't do a gorra believe me type of blog . I honestly line up my ideas and how they were arrived at ; they have a provenance , a rationale and a stated raison d'être . They 're there to be kicked around , knocked down by the average reader or just thought about . I conjecture , propose , guess but never have the arrogance to dictate . My experience is that insulting the intelligence of a persuadable personality blows all credibility you 'll ever have with them , so I never do it . Yes , I like to have fun expressing those ideas but any eloquence is never at the expense of fidelity to them .
You only get one shot with them and that 's all I ask . If our ideas have any merit , that 's all we should ever need . The result I always want is one volunteer and as they say , one volunteer is worth ten conscripts . What they decide to do from there on out is a matter I leave to them and their own thoughts .
This is a little island in the blogosphere . Ships pass by , I wave at them and perhaps someone who happens to be on deck at the time waves back and takes away some thoughts . It 's by such and such , we progress .
©Pointman
Update . A follow-up article to this one can be found here .
Related articles by Pointman :
The real problem with polls .
Click for a list of other articles .
Advertisements
Story highlights Security forces cleared Slovyansk of militants , President 's office says
Prime Minister 's office : Eastern city of Kramatorsk is cleared of separatists
It 's unclear to what extent the Ukrainian army has control of the towns
Reports come days after Ukraine began military operations in the east
Ukrainian security forces cleared pro-Russian separatists out of two eastern cities Saturday -- significant developments , though hardly conclusive , in the effort to bring unity and stability to the European nation .
The Ukrainian flag was raised Saturday over Slovyansk and Kramatorsk , a pair of flashpoint cities that have been strongholds of groups advocating independence from the Kiev-based national government for months .
President Petro Poroshenko 's officed announced Saturday that separatists had left Slovyansk .
Clearing this key city was very difficult , since militants hid inside residential buildings and other facilities where civilians are , according to Andriy Lysenko , a spokesperson for Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council .
Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said most of the militants had left .
JUST WATCHED Strikes resume as Ukraine cease-fire ends Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Strikes resume as Ukraine cease-fire ends 01:30
JUST WATCHED A new era for Ukraine Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH A new era for Ukraine 02:04
JUST WATCHED Poroshenko : Ready for peace deal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Poroshenko : Ready for peace deal 12:06
`` They are running . This morning intelligence suggests that ( separatist militant leader Igor ) Girkin and a significant number of fighters have fled Slovyansk . ... Some remain . Rest going to Gorlovka , '' they wrote .
Pavel Gubarev , a leader of the militants , confirmed that Igor Girkin has fled Slovyansk with many other leaders toward the main city of Donetsk . The separatists vowed to continue their fight .
Later Saturday , Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk 's office announced that the eastern city of Kramatorsk was also free of separatists .
Videos posted to social media showed the Ukrainian flag being raised about Kramatorsk .
These reports come days after Ukrainian forces began military operations in the east of the country , marking a definite end to a unilateral cease-fire in place for 10 days .
The speaker of Ukraine 's Parliament , Oleksandr Turchynov , told lawmakers the government 's `` anti-terror operation '' against pro-Russia separatists had been `` renewed . ''
Ukrainian armed forces have been attacking `` terrorists ' bases , '' authorities said .
Poroshenko had said their country would not renew a cease-fire with the separatists , vowing instead to `` attack and liberate our land . ''
Russia and Ukraine have been at odds since late last year , when former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych refused to sign a cooperation agreement with the European Union , setting off nationwide protests .
The deadly protests led to Yanukovych 's ouster , the loss of Crimea to Russia and a pro-Russia separatist rebellion .
Even if you 're not of a 'certain age ' , the size of some multi-level parking lots with their dozens of indistinguishable levels and rows of cookie-cut SUVs can prove testing on the old 'gray matter ' when it comes to finding the car you left there a few hours previous .
Reassuringly you are n't alone , which is why Santa Monica Place recently unveiled the nation 's first `` Find Your Car '' system . Confused motorists can type in their licence plate number into a kiosk touch screen and using camera scanning technology , the system will find your car and show you its location .
Clearly this relies on you remembering your licence plate , which is n't a certainty given that you 've managed to misplace a whole car . This unfortunately proved the case for the hapless Andrea Minnich of San Pedro : `` It might help if I knew my licence plate offhand , but I do n't '' .
For those with memories for numbers rather than spaces , the technology is proving useful . There are concerns it could be useful for more than just the owners , though . Some feel the technology is another step towards a Big Brother scenario . With 24/7 surveillance or the possibility of some of society 's less favourable members using it as an automated shopping list for cars to steal , the idea has its downsides .
Chris Calabrese from the American Civil Liberties Union , asks `` What if a divorce attorney came and asked who was in the mall ? Or someone looking to repossess vehicles for past nonpayment ? ... The unintended consequences can be huge . ''
On the plus side , 'They ' might not be able to find you anyway , as the system still has a few bugs . If you 've recently bought your car and do n't have plates for it yet , it ca n't help you . Your only option is to walk around plipping your remote until one of the cars unlocks . The scanner has also had difficulties recognizing some licence plate numbers .
Big Brother concerns or not , there are clearly benefits to the system and if it reduces stress levels before stepping behind the wheel that can only be a good thing . There are plans to roll out the system worldwide , and furniture company Ikea has expressed their interest in using the system in Europe to help shoppers in the stores ' vast parking lots .
In the meantime , there are plenty of cell phone apps dedicated to finding your car , and if you 're technologically challenged then scribbling your car 's location on a piece of paper is always an option .
Now , if only I could find where I live ...
[ L.A. Times ]
NES Classic Edition Lets You Play for One Hour , Then It 's Your Little Brother 's Turn
REDMOND , Wash. — Nintendo 's NES Classic drew sharp reactions from critics and fans alike this week with the announcement of the console 's “ time limit ” feature , which will automatically shut the system off after one continuous hour of play to display the message , “ It 's your little brother 's turn now . Go play outside . ”
Fernando Marsh of the blog A Good Flying Nerd wrote , “ They nailed all the details , right down to the classic rectangular controller . Unfortunately , not all of the details are good . For instance , before you can play Zelda , the system requires you to mow the lawn and put away the dishes , which… c'mon . My sister gets to do whatever they want and all they do all day is text their stupid friends . ”
Several other critics offered similarly mixed responses . “ The game selection is top-notch , as the classic titles are sure to transport Nintendo lovers back to the golden age of 8-bit gaming , ” said Nicole Barton of GameGeek Monthly . “ However , the one-hour time limit is total bullshit . The last time the system shut off , I was just about to get to a save point and I still had , like , three lives left . ”
Nintendo has also received numerous complaints from consumers , who claim the console 's features cause logistical problems .
Related :
“ The system keeps telling me to let my younger brother play , but they live in Ireland now , ” said Janie Castillo of Pittsburgh . “ Also , he 's 36 and a professor of economics , so they keep telling me they ‘ does n't have time for this shit any more . ' But until they play , I ca n't play . ”
Ultimately , consensus suggests that while the NES Classic Edition has many appealing features , including 30 pre-loaded games , it just does n't live up to the hype . Matt from next door , perhaps gaming 's most influential critic , said , “ I just got the Sega reboot and it 's way better . Also , Sega games have a shitload of violence in them , but Nintendo takes all the blood out of their games , ” further noting that , according to numerous additional sources , “ Nintendo is for pussies . ”
The NES Classic Edition is available in stores nationwide , or you can play it when you sleep over at your cousin 's house next week .
Article by Steve Bennett . Photo by Quinn Norton and Michael O'Connor @ mikeyjoconnor .
Kimberly of Kimberly C Baking emailed me about the idea of a Ferrero Rocher cupcake . After I wondered , “ What the heck is a Ferrero Rocher ? ” I looked up Ferrero Rocher on Wikipedia and declared it a great idea .
We talked about their idea for a bit and Kimberly suggested that we both bake different styles of Ferrero Rocher cupcakes and blog about it ; another great idea . I was on board still never having tasted the chocolate behind the gold foil .
I picked some up and and gave it a try . Damn . That 's a good chocolate . It was no wonder people liked these things . Try some if you have never had them !
I was ready to create . I decided to make a chocolate hazelnut cupcake and give it a gooey ganache filling ( like the gooey surprise in the chocolate ) and top it with a chocolate ganache with hazelnuts bits in it ( again , like the chocolate ) .
Where to Buy Hazelnut Extract
In order to make said cupcake , however , I needed hazelnut extract . Apparently , there is no demand for hazelnut extract in St. Louis , because nobody carries it . I do have to give special props to Straubs and Penzey 's Spices who both went out of the their way to suggest other places I could possibly find it in town . The lady at Penzey 's actually called 3 other places for me . Finally , I had to purchase it online here and wait… and wait .. and wait .. OK , it took just a week to arrive , but when I have my heart set on baking something , I am ready . I do not want to wait !
How to Pronounce Ferrero Rocher
While I was waiting , I had more time to plan . I was always hesitant to use the name “ Ferrero Rocher ” when telling people what I was making because I had/have no idea how to say it . It turns out though , that most people do n't know how to say it . Only one person I asked seemed confident in their pronunciation . However , saying the chocolate in the gold foil seemed to be understood by everyone . The cupcake also needed to be easily recognizable . It needed gold .
Using Edible Gold on Cupcakes
For the gold on my cupcakes , I used actual edible gold . What else ? I had no idea that gold was edible . Apparently you can eat gold , but it has no nutritional value . It just goes in and comes out . Hmm… I forgot to check for gold flakes in my poop . Good thing I still have some cupcakes left so I can try this experiment .
Finally , my extract came and I was ready to bake . Alas , Kimberly , my partner in crime , was sick . Then , they had to go and be nice and bake someone some chocolate cupcakes for Christmas . They have n't gotten to bake them Ferrero Rochers yet . I was going to wait and post with her , but did I mention that I do n't like waiting ?
You are just going to have to promise to check Kimberly 's blog and their cupcakes when they get them done . I 'll also update this post with a link to their completed cupcakes .
Ferrero Rocher Cupcake Reviews
My husband : “ Wow ! These are just like the chocolate ! ”
My friend : “ These are some of your best ones yet . ”
My Mother-In-Law : “ These are good , but not as good as the caviar cheesecake ones. ” ( She is alone in this line of thinking . )
My blogging friend : Said nothing at the time , but mentioned them on their blog .
Me : I thought they were perfect . They were a rich , moist chocolate with great hazelnut undertones – but not too sweet . The gooey surprise inside worked really well , as did the ganache . It all just came together .
Ferrero Rocher Cupcake Recipe
The cupcake recipe came from Laura of Sweets Made Here .
Good morning ! Happy Hump Day ! Thanks for all of your comments on my previous post about the Paleo Challenge . I have to admit , the comment section got a little heated at times , but it was still interesting to hear everyone 's thoughts and opinions . It left me with a lot to think about and even more questions to ask my doctor today at my appointment , so THANKS !
I received a great CrossFit question the other day , so I wanted to share it and my reply on CNC :
Hi Tina ! I have been reading your blog for awhile and first let me say I love your approach to health and fitness . I recently started Crossfit ( I did the 6 on-ramp classes and then 3 regular ones so far ) and am I feeling overwhelmed by all the technique . I was curious if you also felt this way when you started ? Also , I used to be big into cardio and sometimes feel because I have to focus so much on form that I 'm not “ working hard enough. ” Any insight you could give me would be awesome ! Thanks so much !
It 's great you 're focusing so much on technique . It 's so important in CrossFit , but I totally understand where you are coming from . When I first started CrossFit , I felt the exact same way ” ” totally overwhelmed and frustrated that I was n't always getting a super tough workout . I 'm competitive and like to work hard , so I wanted to be a sweaty mess by the end of each workout , but , sometimes , it did n't happen that way , especially if class was more focused on strength with a short WOD . But , thanks to my coaches , I learned that I could n't go all balls-to-the-wall until I had my technique consistently down .
When I asked Mal for their coach 's perspective ( he 's CrossFit Level 1 certified ) on this question , the first three words out of their mouth were :
Latest Videos
Mechanics
Consistency
Intensity
Especially in CrossFit , where your goal is often to do things harder , better , faster , stronger , it 's really important to operate in this sequence because they 're so closely related ( and , of course , for your own safety ) . Basically , you want to properly perform the movements on a consistent basis before you increase your intensity . Here 's a quick explanation of each from the CrossFit Journal :
Mechanics refers to technique ” ” your ability to move properly through our core movements . For us , this means moving yourself and external objects in the most
efficient , effective , and safe manner possible . Consistency has a two-part application : 1 ) That you are consistent in performing the mechanics of the movement ; and 2 ) That you are consistent in CrossFit workouts . Both are necessary ! CrossFit workouts are very potent medicine ; too much too soon and you can severely hurt yourself . Luckily , the body adapts quickly , and before you know it , you will be hitting each workout with maximum personal intensity . Intensity , as Coach Greg Glassman , founder and CEO of CrossFit , formally states , is the independent variable most commonly associated with the rate of return on favorable adaptation . More simply put , intensity brings about all the good results from working out . However , we also have to realize that intensity is relative to our physical and psychological tolerances . This is a process , and one that takes an indeterminate amount of time , so be patient . Elite-level athletes may be ready to ramp up their intensity in a couple of weeks , while de-conditioned athletes can take months or longer . The goal of CrossFit is to improve your fitness for life ; no one ever got in shape overnight . If you gradually exceed what you have done before , soon enough you will be doing the main
site workouts “ as prescribed. ” 
Of course , it 's important to train this way in order to decrease your risk of injury , but it 's also important because proper technique will allow you to lift heavier weights and perform more reps faster , which is a more intense workout and gives you better results .
My best advice is do n't despair ! It might take a few months to really get into and feel comfortable with the movements , but you WILL get there ! Lots of people start out in the same place ; it just takes some time and hard work to progress to where you want to be with your fitness . Hang it there and just keep truckin ' !
[ image source ]
If you 're really looking for a cardio workout , chat with your coaches about some exercise modifications . They will probably have some ideas for movement with less weight , so you can pick up the intensity during a WOD . Also , keep in mind , the programming at your box is designed to include all kinds of workouts ( metcon , strength , skills ) , so you might not get to do a super-duper-cardio-driven workout one day , but , later in the week , you might have a 40-minute chipper that will leave you totally exhausted !
I hope this helps and happy CrossFit-ing ! I 'm so glad you decided to try it !
Breakfast
Yesterday 's breakfast was “ Oatmeal ”  Minus the Oats with a little bit of pumpkin pie spice and ground flaxseed meal thrown into the mix . I made this batch with one whole egg + 2 egg whites and added a scoop of sunflower butter .
On the side , I drank a glass of Dandy Blend with a splash of almond milk .
Question of the Day
What 's the most frustrating thing about your workouts ? How do you overcome it ?
P.S . IBD peeps : Have any of you heard of or tried UltraInflamX Plus 360° ? A reader emailed me about it the other day , so I 'm curious to learn more about it . Just wondering if anyone had experience with it . I 'm going to ask my doctor about it today too .
An eagle-eyed CNN viewer is claiming the third-place cable news network aired fake footage from a popular video game during a report on alleged Russian hacking .
Here 's the clip :
CNN broadcast the report and featured video of it — complete with a still image of the code — on its website :
It only lasted about two seconds , but a Reddit user says the footage of the archaic screen with code is actually from a video game called “ Fallout 4 . ”
As BGR reports :
In Fallout 4 — as well as Fallout 3 and Fallout : New Vegas — the player can hack computers to gain information or unlock doors and safes . It 's performed like a word puzzle , where the player has to find a specific word in a huge mess of letters and random characters . It 's simple but fun , but it has absolutely nothing in common with actual hacking , which is what makes it perfect for mainstream news viewers .
Here 's the evidence “ Poofylicious ” posted on the social site :
Note the red arrows for comparison purposes .
So did CNN really use footage from a video game ?
MUMBAI : Clamping down on Vijay Mallya-led UB Group to recover loans , a 17-bank consortium led by state-run SBI on Tuesday took over possession of the prized Kingfisher House , estimated to be worth Rs 100 crore.The banks have taken possession of the over 17,000 sq ft property at Vile Parle , near the domestic airport here , as part of their efforts to recover the Rs 6,800 crore loan they had granted to the long-grounded Kingfisher Airlines Later , the airline said in a statement that it today handed over possession of its property , Kingfisher House , to SBICAP Trustee , a security trustee for the consortium of the Kingfisher lenders . `` This is without prejudice to all of the rights , remedies and contentions of the company including the right to file appropriate proceedings to challenge the said order dated February 12 , 2015 , '' Kingfisher said.The order , passed by the chief metropolitan magistrate here , had allowed the banks to take over the possession as part of their recovery process , which they had started way back in February 2013 after the airline stopped servicing the debt.Kingfisher House is one of the prime real estates of the airline , which was once touted as the most luxurious carrier in the country and one of the crown jewels of Mallya-led UB Group . The airline was grounded in October 2012 while its flying permit was cancelled in December that year . The other collateral left with the banks is Kingfisher Villa in Goa , which has a market value of under Rs 90 crore.When contacted , a senior SBI official also confirmed the development regarding the possession of Kingfisher House.When asked about the status of the income tax and service tax departments ' claim on the same property , SBI 's deputy managing director & group executive for stressed assets management Parveen Kumar Malhotra told that the banks have to discuss that with the tax authorities and a decision would be taken only after that .
FAA : your name , home address will be public in drone registry
The Federal Aviation Administration has stated that information in its drone registry will be made publicly available in searches — including names and home addresses . The registry , which went live today , is part of the FAA 's attempt to enforce proper drone usage and , when necessary , make it easier to find violators . Privacy concerns were raised , though , when a snippet of text from a Department of Transportation document revealed that registry information would largely be made public .
That DOT filing snippet reads , “ all records maintained by the FAA in connection with aircraft registered are included in the Aircraft Registry and made available to the public , except email address and credit card information… ”
That sentence is at odds with the privacy information provided in the FAA 's FAQ , which reads that only the FAA , its contractor , and in some cases law enforcement will be able to access the registration data . When asked for clarification about the actual policy , both the DOT and the FAA skirted around the issue .
Finally , the folks at Forbes recently got a statement from the FAA confirming what many drone users feared : names and home addresses belonging to those who register will be made publicly available through a search feature soon .
The FAA 's statement reads as follows :
Until the drone registry system is modified , the FAA will not release names and address . When the drone registry system is modified to permit public searches of registration numbers , names and addresses will be revealed through those searches .
SOURCE : Forbes
Israeli officials continue to rail against a diplomatic pact between the P5+1 and Iran , today focusing on the idea that such a deal would get in the way of Israeli plans to attack Iran .
Over the weekend , the collapse of the deal was nominally on the exact opposite pretext , that Israel would use the deal as an excuse to start a war with Iran , but that seems not to be the case .
Major General Giora Eiland says that the deal would as a practical matter shut down any option of an Israeli attack , and while others insisted Israel would “ do what 's necessary , ” it would risk a major backlash against them in the international community .
Other officials went as far as to accuse the US of trying to make a deal , even a “ bad ” one , specifically to avoid an Israeli attack . Israeli officials have insisted repeatedly that they “ reject ” any deal and would n't feel bound by it .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
WASHINGTON -- An open letter from Senate Republicans to Iranian leadership , released Monday , ended up sparking scorn about its ultimate value and flak over the authors ' adherence to protocol .
Drafted by Sen. Tom Cotton ( R-Ark . ) and co-signed by 46 Republican senators , the letter was a not-so-subtle threat to Iran that any international agreement reached with President Barack Obama on Iran 's nuclear program would unravel under their successor .
Coming just weeks before a March 24 deadline for the current talks , it was met with a combination of outrage and ridicule . Former Bush administration legal adviser Jack Goldsmith poked a hole in the senators ' interpretation of constitutional law . Others decried the letter 's blatant effort to sabotage the ongoing talks between Iran , the U.S. and five other nations . Still others found the whole episode perplexing and overdramatized .
Former Sen. Richard Lugar ( R-Ind . ) , who twice served as chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee before retiring in 2013 , told The Huffington Post that it was unusual to see so many senators reach out to a foreign leader on a controversial topic when the White House and the relevant Senate committee were both actively engaged on the matter . The letter , they added , was unlikely to be taken seriously .
`` I think they may have a variety of motives , and I do n't want to impute them . But as we have observed with the great deal of argument among members of the Senate and House on whether they should participate in the [ Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin ] Netanyahu speech , these things are partly about foreign policy but also domestic policy , '' they said . `` I 'm sure the 47 senators have their convictions , but they are not really in the position to formulate legislation and make a serious effort that the president will have to deal with . ''
To underscore their point , Lugar noted that one of the most powerful Senate Republicans on matters of foreign policy was absent from Cotton 's endeavor : the current chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee . Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) , who is sponsoring legislation to ensure that Congress has a meaningful chance to judge any final nuclear agreement , was not among the signatories .
“ We 've got a bipartisan effort that 's underway , that 's got a chance at being successful , and while I understand all kinds of people want to weigh in on this issue , and I appreciate that , I just felt like , as chairperson of the committee who 's working with the ranking member and others to get to a place where we have [ a veto-proof ] 67 votes , it was probably not something that was going to be helpful in that effort , for me to be involved in it , ” said Corker .
Six other Senate Republicans also did n't sign on . “ I do agree that the ultimate agreement , if there is one , should come before the Senate . I do n't think that the Ayatollah [ Ali Khamenei ] is going to be particularly convinced by a letter from members of the Senate , even one signed by a number of my distinguished and high-ranking colleagues , ” said Sen. Susan Collins ( R-Maine ) .
Sen. Jeff Flake ( R-Ariz. ) , who supports Corker 's bill , “ did not believe the letter was necessary , ” according to their office . In January , Flake was one of the few Republicans who resisted increasing sanctions on Iran , out of concern that it would derail the negotiations . The office of Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R-Tenn. ) said they `` has expressed their position by agreeing to cosponsor Corker 's legislation . '' Sens . Dan Coats ( R-Ind . ) , Thad Cochran ( R-Miss . ) and Lisa Murkowski ( R-Alaska ) , the three other Republicans missing from the bottom of the letter , declined to comment .
While Cotton 's letter created divisions on the margins for the Republican Party , within Democratic circles there was uniform disdain , bordering on disgust .
Officials at the White House and the State Department confirmed to HuffPost that the first-year student senator did not give them advance warning that they would be reaching out on congressional Republicans ' behalf to a foreign government . They did not comment on whether Cotton 's move violated the Logan Act , which prohibits unauthorized Americans from negotiating with foreign governments in relation to U.S. policy , but that suggestion has been floated in social media . Instead , they treated the letter as a dangerous piece of naivete .
`` The erroneous and misconceived claims in this letter put at risk the basic conduct of American foreign policy , ignoring over two centuries of precedent and the ability of any President of the United States to secure political commitments or reach agreements with other nations , '' a State Department official told HuffPost in an email Monday afternoon .
`` This letter is not a serious foreign policy critique , '' the official concluded . `` It is an effort to score political points in ways that are profoundly dangerous . ”
The Obama administration was n't the only entity left in the dark about Cotton 's outreach to Iran . Several key Democratic senators confirmed that they had bypassed their offices as well . Sens . Robert Menendez ( D-N.J. ) and Tim Kaine ( D-Va. ) , who are both cosponsors of Corker 's bill , were given no advance notice . Neither was Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) , whose office confirmed to HuffPost that they were not consulted prior to the letter 's release .
“ Look , I do n't think that the Iranians need a letter to be told what they know about our government . This government and the Congress will have a say at some point on this issue , ” Menendez told HuffPost . “ As far as I 'm concerned , you saw it was a partisan letter -- [ that ] tells you everything about it . ”
The absence of prior consultation fed criticism among Democrats that the letter was a partisan stunt . It angered others who saw it as an affront to presidential prerogatives on foreign policy .
“ In terms of protocol , in terms of precedent , the idea that you have members of the Senate reaching out to a foreign power , trying to sabotage an agreement that the president is working on , is outrageous , ” Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) told HuffPost .
Cotton , perhaps anticipating the backlash , told `` Fox & Friends '' on Monday morning that they would keep the letter open for more people to sign . `` I hope more Democratic senators will join us . I would encourage presidential candidates to join us , '' they said , noting that at least four of the senators who signed were considering presidential bids .
During the course of the day , however , Cotton showed no signs of backtracking on the letter 's content . On Monday afternoon , they tweeted their letter at Iran 's supreme leader , Khamenei , President Hassan Rouhani , and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif .
“ It has come to our attention while observing your nuclear negotiations with our government that you may not fully understand our constitutional system , ” the letter opened , before reminding Iranians that while Obama 's second and final term is nearly up , senators may serve for decades to come .
Later , Cotton tweeted their letter to each of the three Iranian leaders in Farsi .
The translation was most likely unnecessary , as Rouhani and Zarif hold doctorates from universities in Glasgow , Scotland , and Denver , Colorado , respectively .
UPDATE : 10:56 p.m. -- Vice President Joe Biden added their voice to the chorus of disapproval condemning Cotton 's letter in a Monday night statement . Biden , who served in the Senate for 36 years , called the Republicans ' tactic `` beneath the dignity of an institution I revere . ''
`` I can not recall another instance in which Senators wrote directly to advise another country -- much less a longtime foreign adversary -- that the President does not have the constitutional authority to reach a meaningful understanding with them . This letter sends a highly misleading signal to friend and foe alike that our Commander-in-Chief can not deliver on America 's commitments -- a message that is as false as it is dangerous , '' Biden said
West Ham have brought former striker Carlton Cole back to the club this week to train with the first-team squad .
carlton cole at # whufc training ground today pic.twitter.com/EP91LqRiGx — cockney ceejay . ( @ CSH1FT ) August 12 , 2015
He 's filmed above arriving for training at West Ham 's training facility today as they continue to work on their fitness .
Without a club since the expiry of their West Ham contract in June , Cole has been linked with moves to the MLS and Australia , as well as being reunited with Claudio Ranieri at Leicester – the man who gave them their professional debut at Chelsea .
West Ham famously brought Carlton Cole back to the club in October 2013 after releasing them earlier that year following a slew of injuries to their strikers , and they impressed on a short-term deal , and penned a new 18-month contract which expired earlier this summer .
Having failed to sign a new striker this summer , and a deal to bring in Javier Hernandez from Manchester United stalling , West Ham surely could n't sign the former England international for a third time ?
It turns out that even after 60 years of meditating and practicing compassion , the Dalai Lama still has much spiritual learning to do .
“ Even now , I can not say my spiritual experience is something very high , ” they said , laughing . “ It is a little above zero . So it takes a lot of years . ”
Tenzin Gyatso , the 14th Dalai Lama , admitted as much to approximately 1,500 eager listeners in Memorial Auditorium on Friday . They said they started meditating when they were about 15 years old . They gradually began more “ serious practice and study ” when they were in their late 20s and 30s , and began reaching “ deeper levels ” in their 50s and 60s .
The head of state and the spiritual leader of Tibet , now 75 , engaged Stanford professors at a Center for Compassion and Altruism Research and Education ( CCARE ) conference , which aimed to tease out the neurobiological underpinnings of compassion and altruism . Professors had 10 minutes each to present their emerging findings from experimental research in psychology , neurosciences and the emerging field of neuro-economics .
Brian Knutson , associate professor of psychology and neuroscience , kicked off the day with a review of their work using fMRI to identify brain pathways involved in the exercise of compassion .
“ We 're at the very beginning of this research , but there 's good evidence that compassion can be elicited in the laboratory , ” Knutson said . “ We need to further investigate . ”
What emerged from the daylong conference was a general consensus on the benefits of compassion , but a lack of clear understanding of how to objectively measure it using the scientific method . All researchers professed going forward that much more research was needed in the field of compassion .
“ We 've got to have a standardized set of measures to show the benefits of compassion training , ” said James Doty , professor of neurosurgery and director of CCARE .
Psychiatrist and bioengineer Karl Deisseroth , who helped pioneer the new field of optogenetics , explained their work studying the neural basis of social compassion in the mammalian brain .
“ The goal is to slowly start to piece together how mammals value social behavior and this is ultimately , we think , linked to compassion , ” Deisseroth said .
The goal of their research , they explained , was to determine whether compassion is an emotion that can be generalized and cultivated . They described an experiment in which they activated specific brain cells of mice using pulses of light to make them more social .
“ We turned on neutral reward circuitry to promote nurturing and pro-social behavior in mice , ” they said . “ It is yet to be seen whether this is be replicated in other species . ”
While the researchers were unclear on the quantifiable benefits of compassion and how to generate it , the Dalai Lama was clear : meditation makes a person happier and calmer .
“ There is one thing I can state definitely , with confidence : the mind can change through training , through awareness , ” they said . “ That 's for sure . ”
Consequently , the Dalai Lama was more interested in how to inhibit anger .
“ Anger is really of no use , ” they said . “ It creates all the problems . So here we need investigation . Can you remove anger through electricity in the brain ? ”
William Harbaugh , a neuroeconomist at the University of Oregon , continued the debate by describing the brain 's reward mechanism when people donate money to charity .
“ Research shows that people do get a neural reward form charitable giving , ” they said . “ This activation tends to be higher when people make the choice voluntarily . ”
The Dalai Lama was quick to agree and noted that being compassionate toward others was beneficial to the individual .
“ There is a misunderstanding that showing compassion and love for others means sacrificing yourself , ” they said . “ This is not the case . By helping others , you are helping yourself . ”
Throughout the day , the Dalai Lama was easily able to merge the concepts of science and religion while discussing altruism . They championed the importance of science to contemporary life , but they also warned that the benefit of science was dependent on the human designer .
“ The development of science and technology of course has benefit , but it also brought unthinkable suffering , ” they said , outlining the development of the atomic bomb and World War II . “ Science and technology alone is not a guarantee for happiness on this planet . Science is created and used by human beings . If the user is full of hatred , then these technologies become destructive . ”
At first we would like to thank Thecus for sending a sample of their N2310 SOHO/Home NAS Server for testing and reviewing .
“ In today 's networked world , digital content is truly the most precious asset . At Thecus , we take pride in developing innovative storage solutions that keep data safe and secure . Founded in 2004 , the Thecus team brings decades of R & D expertise , Thecus brand marketing channel development , and a strong customer focus to deliver high-quality products that meet the storage needs of individual , small/medium business and enterprise .
Thecus focuses on hardware and software integration and development , and the core protocols of digital media storage . The result is products that are easier to use and can offer greater connectivity to consumer devices . Thecus envisions greater integration of data storage for both home and office environments , and we strive to be a pioneer in these fields and provide our users with the products that are second-to-none .
To develop optimal storage solutions for such a wide range of users , Thecus has assembled a best-in-class development team with extensive experience in both storage hardware and software development . By combining engineering expertise with a keen focus on the end-user experience , Thecus builds products that are not only powerful but easy-to-use , making advanced storage products accessible to users of all skill levels . Thecus ' mission is to transform the most sophisticated technology into easy-to-use solutions to introduce comfortable network storage environment to people 's everyday life . By crafting technology that is transparent as possible , Thecus continues to bring exceptional data storage solutions to advanced users and organizations around the world .
Core Values
Quality , innovation , integration , and reliability -- the four pillars that Thecus was built on .
Quality - Commitment to bring only the highest quality products to the marketplace .
Innovation - Investing vast resources into research and development to provide high performance and easy-to-use solutions .
Integration - Understanding consumers ' needs and bringing the most complete product line to serve various types of applications and environments .
Reliability - Bringing the most secure , easy-to-use , and reliable storage solutions available .
By expanding service and product coverage worldwide , Thecus ' mission is to establish an international service network . Committed to Thecus core values , the entire corporate , research and development , sales , and technical support teams firmly stand behind this commitment of service . We put our words into actions to show our clients that Thecus is the number one choice when it comes to network attached storage solutions . We promise to deliver innovative solutions that empower users , and in doing so , become the top brand digital storage devices . ”
A Commuting Utopia : Imagining Life In a Driver-less World
David Sedillo Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 19 , 2015
Living in Los Angeles with its famous traffic , I find myself with a great deal of time on the road letting my mind wander . In between crawling traffic lanes I often think about the day past or an upcoming weekend adventure . But most recently , given a plethora of news on the subject , I 've filled my head with thoughts of a not so distant future — a commuting utopia where each vehicle streams along in unison to their destination , set by their owner but not driven by them .
I was n't always this way . In my hometown of Albuquerque , New Mexico , there are only two freeways , I-25 and I-40 , and they perfectly intersect each other in the heart of the town with simplicity and ease . Traffic rarely stops flowing , and I 'd make a good bet you can get anywhere in town within 15 minutes . Contrast that to Los Angeles , a city proper with three times the size , and thus three times the traffic .
So after moving here last summer , I had to quickly adapt myself to a lifestyle where traffic is a way of life . People cut me off . They drive too close . They zoom and weave in between traffic . They merge at the last second . They text , eat , and play the flute while they drive ( yes , seriously ) . It was a big change , so much so that I bought Tom Vanderbilt 's best selling book “ Traffic : Why We Drive The Way We Do ” looking for an answer .
But in a driver-less world , none of these things would matter . There would be no driver distractions , significantly fewer fatal crashes , no road rage — just the hum of vehicles transporting the people inside them in harmony . This probably sounds too good to be true . But we are closer than ever to making it a reality . Just last December , Google released a working prototype with plans to test drive it in the Bay Area this Spring . Nissan is aiming to offer driver-less cars to consumers in just five years . Uber is heavily investing in the technology . And when a mysterious tech van registered to Apple was seen driving in San Francisco , rumors swirled that even the famous Cupertino company could be in on the project . So , in my commuting dream state , I 've asked myself an interesting question — what would a driver-less world look like ?
First and foremost , traffic flow would be much different . To understand why , you must enter the world of traffic engineering and planning . You 've likely encountered a random slow down or dead stop while on a freeway . This is the result of the “ slingshot ” effect — a driver has switched lanes at the last second , merged at an inconvient time , randomly slowed down or stopped due to an accident — causing all drivers behind them to apply brakes , and so forth , leading to a wave of brake lights that slows traffic until it catches up again . There is also the “ funnel ” effect . Imagine dripping water through a funnel and watching it flow right through . Now imagine pouring a tub of water into the same funnel and watching it back up . The more volume , the more backup . The same is true of traffic .
Driver-less cars may not fully solve the funnel effect , but they will undoubtedly solve the slingshot effect . These vehicles will have planned the most efficient route , using their software to determine precisely the right time to exit , merge , switch lanes , etc . They will communicate with one another constantly . I 'm not convinced accidents will be eliminated but they will be rare now that driver error is removed .
Secondly , freedom on the road will take on a whole new meaning . Cars have long been viewed as an expression of freedom and indivduality , especially in America . We have phrases like the ‘ open road ' and images of a packed convertable zooming down the road with wind snapping at our backs as our summer daydream . Remove the need to pay attention to a steering wheel , or speed , or staying in the lines , and the possibilites become endless . Passengers in a driver-less car could play games , watch movies , and use their phone and tablet to their heart 's content . They could sleep and eat . They can drive any time of the day or night , now that driver fatigue is no longer an issue . In a world where social interactions are taking a backseat to technology , the close , intimate space of a stress free vehicle could re-energize relationships . Perhaps even literally — the ‘ mile per-hour club ' anyone ? ( This depnds how tinted the windows will be of course ) . A driver-less car would define good technology in any sense of the phrase , because it would truly make our lives easier and more convienent .
There would be many questions in a transition from our current vehicles to driver-less cars . The psychology behind driving would change . Would anger now be directed at the car instead of other drivers ? How reliable will the software behind these vehicles be ? I imagine many will be skeptical of a car that operates itself , as is the case with most self-operating technology , but that will change as we become more comfortable with an automated world . What about the car insurance industry ? These are only a few questions to come as driver-less cars become more and more mainstream . To think such a big transition would be easy is simply naive .
Lastly , it would be hard to mention self-driving vehicles without mentioning those individuals who depend on driving for a living . It 's very possible that self-driving big rigs would still require a human monitor given the importance of the cargo . And high class transportation services such as celebrity limos may feature human chaffeuers “ manning ” the front , if only out of tradition . But taxi drivers , airport shuttle drivers , bus drivers , and the like will see their jobs vanish before them in a world that no longer renders their skills useful . That is sad and harsh . But perhaps that is the price we pay , and indeed history shows it to be true , for better technology .
But back to today 's realty . Now , in 2015 , we continue to plop ourselves in our driver dependent cars , filling them with gas , cursing at other drivers under our breath , avoiding the weavers and the last-second-mergers of the world in collective unison . I will leave work today and take on the crawling traffic of Los Angeles like usual , daydreaming of the day when stress-free efficiency takes control of the road .
Any other time in history , I 'd probably frown in hoplessness of such a reality . But now , I smile behind the confidence of one of the greatest words when it comes to waiting — “ soon . ”
With the Snatch Game officially behind us , things are heating up on RuPaul 's Drag Race . Once again , this week 's episode forwent the beloved mini challenge and jumped straight into RuPaul 's explanation of the week 's main challenge : a dragged-up version of 90210 ( titled , of course , `` 9021-HO '' ) , directed by none other than the original show 's stars : Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth . While it was Alexis Michelle 's wildly energetic rendition of Liza Minnelli that secured them the win last week in Snatch Game , Ru opted to give Peppermint the role of casting director this week — a reward they bestowed upon the queen for “ surviving the lip sync . ”
On set , Shea Couleé hammed it up in their grandma role and landed in a top-three spot next to Valentina , who took full advantage of their coquettish charm to impersonate a good virgin gone bad . But Trinity Taylor 's overzealous copycat mother impersonation secured the Floridian pageant queen their second win . On the other end of things , though , were Aja , who threw a casting-related temper tantrum , and Nina Bonina Brown . But with a few duck walks and a super-engaging big finish , Nina got to stay and Aja sashayed away .
This week , we hopped on the phone with RuPaul 's Drag Race season 8 winner Bob the Drag Queen to talk about the tradition of drag queens sharing looks with one another , why some queens may audition for the show without actually trying to win , and who they think will make it to the final three .
Teen Vogue : So let 's just jump into the main challenge . Ru gave Peppermint the duty of casting and they take the completely opposite approach as Alexis Michelle by letting the queens pick who they wanted , but ...
Bob the Drag Queen : Aja did not want to do the role they were originally assigned , but they did end up getting exactly what they wanted .
TV : Right . And they started their statement off by saying , “ I like them all , ” only to turn around and flip out when they were given someone in the category of “ all . ”
BTDQ : In their defense — not that it matters , but — when you 're on that show , you are not yourself because you are acting crazy . What you 're used to saying and doing , you do n't end up saying and doing because of how crazy you feel . So when you 're there , you end up acting kind of crazy .
TV : So would you give Aja the benefit of the doubt because getting the role they did n't want just triggered that “ crazy ” feeling ?
BTDQ : Well , you live in constant fear of getting the most common outcome on RuPaul 's Drag Race , which is going home — because the truth is that most people on Drag Race go home , even though they continue to live and have extremely successful careers . But when you 're there in the moment , going home is the worst thing that could happen . If a building burns down around you and they say , “ If you leave this building , you are out of this competition , ” you would try to find a way to stay . When RuPaul tells you to lip-sync for your life , it feels like you 're going to die . It 's fun to sing in bars and to your friends , but when RuPaul says it on the show , it is no joke .
TV : I want to talk about Nina Bonina Brown ( again ) because they continue to just be one of the most fascinating contestants of all time . At this point , it 's clear to all the judges and to the other queens that Nina has some trust issues , and I think it 's sweet that everyone is trying to make them feel as comfortable as possible . The episode started with Shea giving them a pep talk .
How do you trust a mayor who looks you in the eye to say he 's saving you money by backing a new subway that just went up in cost by a billion dollars , or more than 30 per cent ? Do you scream at the prospect of paying $ 3 billion to extend the subway just one stop ?
Mayor John Tory , centre , promised voters a fast new surface subway in seven years , even though it would run close to a planned subway extension that they also vowed to support . ( David Cooper / Toronto Star file photo )
What do you say to him , considering this boondoggle will cost you and your neighbours $ 1,300 each in a special levy lasting 30 years ? Do you break down and cry when you recall the $ 3 billion subway is to replace the aging Scarborough RT that could have been made state-of-the-art , like Vancouver 's Canada Line , for less than $ 1 billion ? Do you lose it when you remember that the Ontario government offered the full $ 1.48 billion cost to replace the RT with a brand-new LRT , with seven stops serving three priority neighbourhoods — and also pick up the maintenance and operating costs in perpetuity ?
Article Continued Below
How do you muster the courage to say anything when the mayor admits they backed the subway even though , in their words , the cost estimate was done on a napkin , with no financial study . Or that they continue to support the subway , at the inflated cost , calling it a bargain . And it is a bargain , the mayor says , because the original subway plan , with three stops between Kennedy Station and Sheppard Ave. , would have cost even more , seeing the costing was flimflam-ery , so , really , you should be thanking the pickpocket for leaving you some change . And do you just give up when they say they ca n't predict if the sun will come up tomorrow — in answer to a question about the possibility the subway 's $ 1 billion price tag increase will escalate further ? 'Cause , you know it is going up ; the mayor knows it 's going up ; and the very staff report to the mayor already outlines $ 300 million in costs not yet accounted for in the bargain of a subway the mayor supports without knowing the cost . Do you think the mayor mad when they go from news podium to news camera backing a subway extension that will capture only 4,500 new riders . This means each new rider on this one-stop subway will cost you more than $ 700,000 .
How do you trust a mayor who got you in this pickle precisely because they promised voters a fast new surface subway in seven years — knowing it would run so close to the planned subway that each line would cannibalize the other ? And how do you stomach anything they say on this file when , instead of accepting the obvious that they must choose either the subway or their preferred SmartTrack scheme , the mayor insists on SmartTrack . And then they are forced to back the subway to secure the votes of pro-subway Scarborough councillors for their SmartTrack scheme .
Article Continued Below
How does it make you feel — the obvious political back-scratching at play to prop up dubious projects that are the political calling card of one city council faction or the other ? Do you scream at city staff who work overtime to dress up the mayor 's transit plan and rebrand it as “ optimized ” when it is clearly compromised ? And do you flagellate when the saving grace of the “ optimized ” plan — it allows for an LRT extension of the Crosstown out to the U of T campus in Scarborough — is now at risk because the subway cost overrun gobbles up $ 3.2 billion of the available $ 3.56 billion in available funding . What do you think when a staff-generated ridership forecast for the subway jumps suddenly on the eve of 2013 city council 's vote to 14,000 per hour in the peak travel direction , not 9,500 ? And do you call in the forensic guys when , now that the subway is approved , ridership forecast drops further to 7,300 ? Do you throw your shoes at the mayor when they say , with a straight face , that a ridership forecast is n't the key element critics make it out to be ? How do you keep from going insane when you realize the subway will cost around $ 18 billion to operate and maintain over the 60-year life cycle — money you did n't have to spend , if council stuck with the fully-funded LRT plan , maintenance and operating costs included ? And just when you feel the nightmare is over , the city manager says Toronto has some $ 29 billion in unfunded projects and the city needs new revenue tools . In the face of such obvious waste on a subway while there is such obvious need all around , what , then , do you do as a citizen who never begrudges a dollar in taxes , but is now being played for a fool ? Why is this scandal not on the front page of every newspaper every day in this city , and the lead item on every newscast every hour until common sense returns to city hall ? Bring in the forensic accountants , the auditors , the investigative reporters , anyone intent on turning the whole contemptible process upside down so the cockroaches are exposed . Royson James usually appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . Email : rjames @ thestar.ca
Read more about :
sKanDLe evens the score .
I was going to tell you about Janice 's birthday because it was the funniest thing I 've seen in ages , but I think I 'll leave that for next time . See , while watching E3 , ‘ cuz that 's what I do , I ran into something terribad . And it was Janice ( & Floyd ) who made me spot it .
“ What could possibly have gone wrong ? ” I hear you ask . “ Are n't you super-pumped for Final Fantasy 7 ? Fallout 4 ? Batman : Arkham Knight ? Guitar Hero Live ? ”
Yeah , like mega-pumped , but that 's not the point . Well , it is the point , but it 's not a FACT , and what we deal with here are the FACTS .
See , there 's a guy , a guy at E3 , who 's dangerous . Their name ? Well… No , I wo n't tell you that yet . But I will let you in on what I 've found out . It 's something that 's so big it needs its own edition of Same Difference .
SAME DIFFERENCE : ASSIMILATION EDITION
Have I named the contestants in this Same Difference yet ? No ? Well here they are :
In the red corner , the Consoles . Powerhouses of the gaming network from the very beginning , they were playing Space Invaders long before any full-of-itself Dad computer . Light , sleek , cheap , and working straight from the box , they 're the perfect computer .
And in the blue corner , the Personal Computer . Calculators on steroids , they hulk over you like they want your lunch money and then punch you anyway once they get it . Over-complex tool boxes that make your dad sit in front of Madden instead of the Super Bowl .
FACT : Games were born on consoles
You know where the games industry began ? With a little game called Space Invaders . A game so amazingly popular that the Bank of Japan had to print more money to deal with it . You think about that for a minute . More people were pouring money into that machine than into ANY OTHER MACHINE , even those weird ones you hear about that sell odd Japanese stuff .
Now , it was originally on a TV screen sort of thing called a cabinet , but when did it first come to the home ? On the Atari VCS : Video Console System . Atari built a console just to play games on , back when your Dad 's PC was still chugging up Lotus 1-2-3 , and it worked instantly . Stick the 4K cartridge in and whammo ! You were shooting through the bases like a boss .
Can you imagine that now ? Oh , you can , because Battlefield does that . Caveat emptor .
FACT : Tablets are consoles
Now you may say that we 've already gone past the console with the invention of the tablet , but think about it . Does the tablet have any wires ? Does it have a mouse ? Does it have a keyboard ? No , no , and a side order of no with fries .
Does it use a lot of PC stuff ? Yeah ( and I 'll get to that later ) , but we can immediately see that it 's far more of a console than a PC . Can you tilt a PC to get it to move ? Nah— that 's Wiimote action . How about those running games ? Think Sony could have started them ? And Microsoft ? They wanted to make a console at first , but then they spent some years working out all the kinks on the PC before they perfected the Xbox . Because that 's what an Xbox is— a perfected PC .
Tablets are just consoles for the bathroom and kitchen , because you ca n't bring electronics in there .
FACT : Backwards compatibility is easy , but what about forward compatibility ?
Lots of people on Twitter were screaming about how wonderful Xbox1 's backwards compatibility is going to be . And they 're wrong in so many ways .
Let 's face it , if I get a new computer , do I want to play old games that still look the same ? Of course not ; I 'd be playing them on my old computer if I wanted that .
What we really want is forwards compatibility so that when we get a new computer , all of the games suddenly look much better . That 's just common sense , is n't it ? Forward compatibility ftw !
FACT : Keyboard and mouse ca n't compete in the real world
Ever used a bulldozer ? No , of course you have n't . But I have , and that 's why I 'm not allowed at Janice and Floyd 's house anymore . But I 've bet you 've used a remote controlled plane . Have you ever looked at one and thought , “ I wonder if I can steer this with a mouse ? ” Of course not .
How about an airplane ? Ever see a QWERTY-board at the front of a plane ? How about on a tank ?
No , you have n't , because THEY 'RE ALL JUST USING JOYPADS .
Now I know people go on about “ Keyboard and mouse is so superior , ” but is it used on anything other than a PC ? No . Well then , it is n't so superior , is it ? Do you see Stormin ' Norman using a keyboard and mouse ?
FACT : PCs thrive on their uncomfortability
You know the big difference between someone on the PC and someone on their console ? Where they are .
All the PC players have their little Man Parlors where they drink wine and smoke cigars while playing by candlelight . Meanwhile , the console players are in the living room , surrounded by the family detritus , having fun with others . Sure , you could bring the PC in , but no , you 'd have to bring a laptop instead , and everyone would have to crowd around . That means you 'd have to talk to people and be all social and have to clean the Cheetos dust off your keyboard .
Nuts to that . PC users are solitary snobs ; console players are social .
FACT : Consoles are social . PCs are anti-social
Did n't I just say that ? Yeah , but here 's the proof . What are the PC Master Race so proud of ? Strategy games ? MMOs ? RTS games ?
Solo clicking .
All of the PC stuff is designed to keep you away from other people . How many PCs do you see with two keyboards ? Any ? But every console since Space Invaders has had room for friends . We split the screen up so you can play together , especially if you 've got your crush coming over— which also means that consoles are sexier than PCs .
Look at E3 ‘ 95 : it was formed due to the up-and-coming Ultra 64 , which became the Nintendo 64 and spawned the firstest FPS of them all , Goldeneye . Was there a PC special event then ? No . Maybe they were n't good enough for their own event .
But now , in 2015 , 20 YEARS LATER , suddenly PC GAMER wants to get involved . And why ?
Because Fallout 4 . And because of that one guy I mentioned earlier .
So , sKanDLe , who was this guy ? What did they say ?
Their name ? Todd Howard . And their quote :
“ If I ran the video game world… all consoles would be exactly the same way [ as PCs ] . ”
FACT : Todd Howard Runs Bethesda
Fallout 4 is their world .
FACT : They want to make consoles just like PCs
Do they want to use nukes to do this ? Is that what Fallout 4 is really about ?
“ But , ” I hear you say , “ Fallout is on Apple as well . Apples are n't PCs ; they hate each other . ”
That 's not a fact . That 's a cover-up .
FACT : APPLE AND BETHESDA ARE WORKING TOGETHER TO ASSIMILATE ALL THE CONSOLES LIKE THE BORG
Think about it . You know it makes sense . What do the Glorious PC Master Race fear ? Becoming Us . What do we fear ? Becoming Them . Bethesda wants there to be no difference between PCs and consoles . And how are they going to do it ?
PAID MODS .
Yeah , you heard me . Bethesda could n't get their paid mods on to Steam , so they 're sticking them on Apple and the consoles instead .
They 're giving us the stuff that the PC gamers would n't touch . And why ? I go back to Todd Howard again :
“ If I ran the video game world… all consoles would be exactly the same way [ as PCs ] . ”
What happens if you ca n't get mods to work on Steam ? You make your own Steam on the consoles and then make the consoles like PCs and then you have to have them on Steam since you 've just made all the sleek , smooth consoles into overpriced , scrappy PCs and Apples .
Everything the same . No exclusives . Pay for everything . And digital distribution is already trying to force that by rendering our cartridges and discs obsolete . PCs and consoles living together : mass hysteria .
Is that what you want , gamers ? Because that 's what 's gon na happen if you let Todd “ The Duck ” Howard make Fallout mods available .
Write to him . Tell them that the console peasants will rise up arm in arm with the PC Master Race like the French Revolution , but in America this time . And this time , unlike Portal and Marie Antoinette , there will be cake .
And Taylor Swift . She 's beaten Apple ; now they can help us beat Bethesda .
I 'm outa here . Peace .
sKanDLe
TL ; DR : Consoles are n't PCs . And PCs are n't consoles . Ad nauseum .
Sorry Mitt… RNC Rules State GOP Nominee Must Have Won 8 States to Be Considered Candidate at Convention
Sorry Mitt Romney–
On FOX News Sunday this morning Rush Limbaugh pointed out that even with a brokered convention the Republican nominees must have won a majority of delegates in at least 8 states .
So far only one candidate qualifies with 12 state victories – Donald Trump .
So even if the GOP establishment wants to nominate a Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney they could n't because they have not won the majority of delegates in any state let alone 8 states .
This convention rule – Number 40 – was adopted at the 2012 convention .
Rush said the GOP would have to change the convention rules in order to steal the election from the Republican base .
Here is Rule Number 40 from the Republican National Committee :
RULE NO . 40
Nominations
( a ) In making the nominations for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States and voting thereon , the roll of the states shall be called separately in each case ; provided , however , that if there is only one candidate for nomination for Vice President of the United States who has demonstrated the support required by paragraph ( b ) of this rule , a motion to nominate for such office by acclamation shall be in order and no calling of the roll with respect to such office shall be required . ( b ) Each candidate for nomination for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States shall demonstrate the support of a majority of the delegates from each of eight ( 8 ) or more states , severally , prior to the presentation of the name of that candidate for nomination . Notwithstanding any other provisions of these rules or any rule of the House of Representatives , to demonstrate the support required of this paragraph a certificate evidencing the affirmative written support of the required number of permanently seated delegates from each of the eight ( 8 ) or more states shall have been submitted to the secretary of the convention not later than one ( 1 ) hour prior to the placing of the names of candidates for nomination pursuant to this rule and the established order of business . ( c ) The total time of the nominating speech and seconding speeches for any candidate for nomination for President of the United States or Vice President of the United States shall not exceed fifteen ( 15 ) minutes . ( d ) When at the close of a roll call any candidate for nomination for President of the United States or Vice President of the United States has received a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in the convention , the chairperson of the convention shall announce the votes for each candidate whose name was presented in accordance with the provisions of paragraph ( b ) of this rule . before the convention adjourns sine die , the chairperson of the convention shall declare the candidate nominated by the Republican Party for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States . ( e ) If no candidate shall have received such majority , the chairperson of the convention shall direct the roll of the states be called again and shall repeat the calling of the roll until a candidate shall have received a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in the convention .
This recipe leaves me with mixed emotions . I 'm thrilled I found it , because it 's delicious , but I 'm irritated with myself because I 've had the cookbook that it 's in for years and years , and never tried it until now . Shame on me !
This brisket was a huge hit with my family . It was the perfect thing on a night when we were running around until after 7 o'clock , and the fact that it was delicious just added to its awesomeness . The brisket cooks up amazingly tender and moist , and the gravy…oh , the gravy ! I 'm not a gravy person , and this one has me singing its praises . Such simple ingredients , but so tasty .
I started by slicing up a large onion and laying the rings in the bottom of my slow cooker . Then , I sprinkled a three-pound beef brisket generously with pepper and placed it on top of the onions .
Once the brisket was all nestled in nicely , I put my sauce together . I whisked together some chili sauce , brown sugar , and a couple of cloves of crushed garlic . Then , I carefully stirred in 3/4 cup of beer .
In the spirit of the season , I chose an Octoberfest beer . ( It never hurts to be festive , right ? )
Once it was mixed together , I poured the mixture over the brisket , put the lid on the slow cooker , turned it to LOW and walked away .
Eight hours later , I had a perfectly cooked brisket on my hands !
I whisked a slurry of flour and water into the sauce , right in the slow cooker , and let it cook on HIGH for about five minutes . It thickened up beautifully .
When it was ready , I sliced up the brisket , piled it next to some mashed potatoes and broccoli , and ladled on that gravy…oh , the gravy ! It was delicious ! ! The onions were perfectly cooked down and sweet , and who knew beer and chili sauce would do such amazing things ? I 'm still in awe of it . So simple , and so right .
SLOW COOKER PEPPERED BEEF BRISKET IN BEER
Adapted from Southern Living : Our Best Easy Weeknight Favorites
Slow Cooker Peppered Beef Brisket in Beer Recipe Type : Dinner Cuisine : American Author : Adapted from Southern Living Prep time : 10 mins Cook time : 8 hours Total time : 8 hours 10 mins Serves : 6-8 Ingredients 1 large onion , sliced into rings and separated
1 ( 3-4 lb . ) beef brisket , trimmed
3/4 tsp . pepper
3/4 cup beer
1/2 cup chili sauce
3 Tbsp . brown sugar
2 cloves garlic , crushed
3 Tbsp . water
3 Tbsp . flour
mashed potatoes for serving Instructions Place the onion rings in the slow cooker . Sprinkle the brisket with the pepper and place it on top of the onion . Carefully stir together the beer , chili sauce , brown sugar , and garlic . The beer will bubble up , so be careful ! Pour the mixture over the top of the brisket . Cover the slow cooker and cook on HIGH for 4-6 hours or LOW for 8-12 hours . Remove the brisket from the slow cooker , reserving the juices in the slow cooker . Whisk together the water and flour and whisk it into the sauce . Cook , uncovered , on HIGH for 5 minutes or until the gravy has thickened . Serve with mashed potatoes . ENJOY ! 3.1.09
The NHS is becoming 'increasingly reliant ' on short-term cover , says the Recruitment and Employment Confederation
Employers are struggling to fill jobs as demand for staff rises and EU workers leave the UK in their droves with Brexit looming , according to a new study .
The Recruitment and Employment Confederation ( REC ) found that while demand for permanent staff continues to grow and is the strongest in almost two years , its research among 400 recruitment agencies recorded that the number of candidates has plummeted .
The sectors with the strongest demand for permanent staff in May included the NHS and engineering , while the slowest increase in demand was for construction workers .
Demand for temporary staff was also highest in the nursing , medical and care sectors .
Tom Hadley , REC 's director of policy , said the challenges facing the next government are stark , adding : `` Official data shows unemployment has dropped to the lowest level since 1975 , and EU citizens are leaving the UK in droves .
`` Employers seeking to fill vacancies are running out of options . Skill shortages are causing headaches in many sectors .
`` The NHS , for example , is becoming increasingly reliant on short-term cover to fill gaps in hospital rotas because there are n't enough nurses to take permanent roles .
Brexit 'making it harder ' to fill jobs
`` Meanwhile , the shortage of people with cybersecurity skills is a particular concern in many businesses .
`` Whichever party forms the next government must focus on improving the employability of our young people and boosting inclusion for under-represented groups .
`` Alongside this , these figures clearly show that in many sectors we need more , not fewer , people so that businesses can grow and public services continue to deliver . ''
Last month , official figures from the Office of National Statistics showed net migration fell below a quarter of a million in 2016 for the first time in almost three years .
The overall measure , the difference between the number of people arriving and leaving the country , was estimated to be 248,000 representing a `` statistically significant '' fall of 84,000 compared to 2015 , the ONS said .
Statisticians said the change in long-term international net migration - covering people coming to and leaving the country for at least 12 months - was driven by a rise in emigration , which was up 40,000 on 2015 .
This was comprised mainly of EU citizens , with the number leaving at an estimated 117,000 - a rise of 31,000 on the previous year .
Redskins owner Daniel Snyder bought the rights to an expansion Arena Football League team in 1999 but not much came to fruition after that . ( Rich Lipski/The Washington Post )
When news broke last month that Ted Leonsis was close to bringing an Arena Football League team to Verizon Center starting in spring 2017 , several questions naturally followed in the Washington area : What will the team be called ? Will locals support a football team playing in pricey Chinatown in the spring ? Do arena football season tickets holders even exist ?
Washington has waited more than a quarter-century for an AFL team — ever since the Washington Commandos folded after the 1990 season . For one year , D.C. experienced an indoor football team in the form of the American Indoor Football League 's D.C. Armor , but to little fanfare .
[ ‘ Washington Maul ' and 12 other name ideas for D.C. 's Arena Football League team ]
Washington Redskins fans should n't have a difficult time balancing their fandom with a new squad at arena football 's highest level , given that AFL games take place from April to August .
In preparation for D.C. 's newest arrival , here are eight connections the Redskins have to the Arena Football League :
Daniel Snyder bought the rights to an expansion AFL franchise seven months after buying the Redskins .
Not even a year after letting the ink dry on their $ 800 million purchase of the Redskins , Daniel Snyder could n't wait to purchase the territorial rights to another football team . Despite being named as a possible investor at the time , Leonsis later went on to say that they are n't interested in buying an indoor football franchise .
In December 1999 , Snyder paid around $ 4 million for the rights to a team that was to be called the Washington Warriors and play at the yet-to-be-built Comcast Center ( now Xfinity Center ) in College Park in spring 2003 .
Nothing materialized , however , and the Redskins went on to wear the Warriors ' proposed uniforms for the team 's 70th anniversary season in 2002 . The uniforms were a throwback to what the Redskins wore in the 1960s .
Mark Moseley and George Starke tried to buy the Commandos .
The Commandos averaged 11,525 fans a game but , with a 2-4 record and no ownership agreement in place for the 1988 season , the future looked bleak for the franchise .
AFL President Jim Foster asked former Redskins offensive lineman and then-Commandos director of player development George Starke to lead a group of investors to buy the team . Starke and former teammate Mark Moseley worked together to use their name and popularity in the city to keep the Commandos around but alas , it was to no avail .
The quotes may be almost 30 years old but they could provide a beacon of hope for residents wishing to keep a D.C.-based AFL team afloat .
“ I was really surprised , ” Moseley told The Post 's Bruce Pascoe in July 1987 when asked about fan turnout . “ I thought it was a mixture of football and wrestling fans out there . I think because the game is so close to the field that the fans were really into the game . ”
Redskins Coach Jay Gruden is an AFL legend .
From 1991 to 1996 , Gruden put up 281 touchdowns and 15,623 yards as quarterback of the Tampa Bay Storm , becoming the first player in league history to eclipse 15,000 passing yards in a career . They won AFL MVP in 1992 , threw for 70 touchdowns in 1996 and won four ArenaBowls during their six seasons as a player .
In their first year as coach of the Orlando Predators , Gruden defeated the Storm in ArenaBowl XII . They were inducted into the Arena Football League Hall of Fame in 1999 . The next year , they led the Predators to another ArenaBowl title . Their itch to play remained , and it led to their return to the field . Playing for the Predators in 2002 and 2003 , Gruden threw 117 touchdowns and just 22 interceptions .
The six-time ArenaBowl champion was named the fourth-greatest player in Arena Football League history for the league 's 20th and 25th anniversaries . Those achievements are pretty spectacular but they pale in comparison to rocking these epic Zubaz pants while playing for the Storm :
( Chris Arnold/Tampa Bay Storm )
[ More photos of Jay Gruden , Arena League star ]
Charlie Brown played for the Commandos in 1990 .
A member of the Smurfs and the Fun Bunch , Brown caught eight touchdowns as a first-year player during the 1981 season , helping the Redskins win Super Bowl XVII . They compiled 1,225 yards and caught eight touchdowns the next season to lead Washington to its second consecutive Super Bowl appearance . After an injury-plagued 1984 season , the Redskins traded Brown to the Atlanta Falcons for offensive lineman R. C. Thielemann . After three seasons in Atlanta , Brown never played another down in the NFL .
Like Gruden , time off the gridiron made Brown miss the competition . The 32-year-old Brown returned to the area and suited up for the Commandos in 1990 . Their season was injury-riddled but they managed to catch two touchdown passes that season , including a 40-yard bomb in the season opener . The Commandos , of course , folded permanently after the 1990 season .
The Redskins worked out an AFL offensive player of the year in 2005 .
Lacking depth and size at the wide receiver position after trading Rod Gardner to the Carolina Panthers before training camp in 2005 , the Redskins worked out 6-foot-3 Damian Harrell , who caught 41 touchdown passes for the Colorado Crush .
The Redskins chose not to sign Harrell and won 10 games in 2005 without him . Harrell won their second consecutive AFL offensive player of the year award in 2006 with 1,920 yards receiving and 60 touchdowns . Harrell , who owns seven league receiving records , was inducted into the AFL Hall of Fame in 2014 .
The Redskins installed arena league uprights at Redskins Park for Kai Forbath in 2013 .
( Mike Jones/The Washington Post )
After asking the Redskins equipment staff to install AFL uprights at Redskins Park , Forbath got their wish leading up to the Week 9 contest against the San Diego Chargers . The Dallas Cowboys and Tampa Bay Buccaneers had done the same thing when they played for them , and they wanted to replicate that with the Redskins . Forbath wanted to improve their accuracy and help narrow their line of sight on field goal attempts .
“ You have to focus a lot more , obviously , ” Forbath said . “ It gives you confidence . When you 're making it on that and you get to the game , they 're looking freaking huge . How can you miss on those ? ”
The uprights did n't help initially , with Forbath missing their first two attempts against the Chargers . After their hiccups against San Diego , Forbath made their final 14 field goal attempts of the 2013 season .
Chris Samuels 's brother is an AFL Hall of Famer .
As great as six-time Pro Bowl left tackle Chris Samuels was over 10 seasons with the Redskins , their brother 's AFL career may have been even better . Lawrence Samuels , a wide receiver and linebacker , was known as one of the greatest two-way threats in AFL history . They played 15 seasons ( 1994-2000 , 2002-2010 ) with the Storm ( the most by any player with team ) and one ( 2001 ) with the New Jersey Gladiators .
[ Chris Samuels is teaching — and learning — as a first-year high school football coach ]
Samuels won three ArenaBowls and retired with 11,790 career receiving yards , 169 receiving touchdowns , 488.5 tackles , 34 fumble recoveries and 32 interceptions . In 2008 , Samuels became the first player in AFL history to catch 1,000 passes and was just the sixth in pro football history to do so at that point . Their 207 games played are the second most in league history . The five-time all-Arena selection was inducted into the AFL Hall of Fame in 2013 . Now he 's entering their third season as coach of the Storm .
Current and former Redskins thrived in the Arena Football League .
Redskins offensive lineman Ty Nsekhe , third from left , played arena football from 2009 to 2012 before making it to the NFL . ( John McDonnell/The Washington Post )
Most of the players on AFL rosters have never played a regular-season down in the NFL . They either cut their teeth in college or worked their way up through the lower arena ranks .
But for guys like defensive end Kelvin Kinney , the Redskins ' sixth-round pick in 1996 , it appeared they could have an impact in Washington after missing their rookie season . Kinney started 12 games in 1998 but did n't play another down in the NFL after that season . The 6-foot-6 defensive end went on to carve a niche in the AFL , playing 11 seasons with five teams .
Fullback Chad Dukes spent time with the Redskins in 1999 and 2000 . They developed into one of the toughest players in AFL history , earning 1998 Ironman of the Year with the Albany Firebirds . The three-time all-Arena selection played eight years and ran for a league-record three straight seasons with at least 200 yards .
R-Kal Truluck attended Redskins training camp in 1997 , impressing as an edge rusher in the AFL . They earned AFL rookie of the year in 2001 and was named lineman of the year in 2002 . They played four seasons in the NFL before making a comeback to the AFL in 2008 . At age 38 they started two games with the Orlando Predators in 2013 .
Before officially changing their name to Stylez G. White in 2008 , defensive lineman Greg White spent time with the Redskins in 2003 and 2004 . As a member of the Predators in 2007 , they earned defensive player of the year by setting the AFL 's single-season record with 15 sacks .
Former Redskins wide receiver Anthony Armstrong caught 93 passes for 1,274 yards and 12 touchdowns in their two seasons ( 2007-2008 ) with the Dallas Desperados . They became one of Donovan McNabb 's favorite targets in D.C. , catching 44 passes for 871 yards and three touchdowns in 2010 .
Current Redskins offensive lineman Ty Nsekhe established themselves on 50-yard fields before making it to the NFL . When they are n't busy plowing defenders over walls , Nsekhe actually caught three touchdown passes with the Philadelphia Soul in 2011 . “ The AFL taught me how to be a pro , ” they said .
A new blog has been making the rounds of the twittersphere for the past couple of weeks , inspiring lots of knowing giggles among design enthusiasts . The blog , Unhappy Hipsters , takes images from the popular architecture and design magazine Dwell , and offers new captions about the emotional states of the people in the photos . With the rewritten captions , the blog shines a light on the mirthless style of modern design magazine photography , where people are shot in solitary , pensive poses or in strangely non-interactive groups . But it also begs a question — why are these hipsters so unhappy ?
Is there some truth to the blog 's subtitle `` It 's Lonely in the Modern World ' ( a riff on Dwell 's `` At Home in the Modern World '' ) ? Are there elements of modern design that inherently make us feel gloomy ?
Maybe so . You may have noticed that different spaces affect your mood in different ways , based on the colors , light , textures , and forms that characterize them . These effects can be subtle or they can be dramatic , but they 're not just a matter of taste . Whether or not you like the design of a space , its different aesthetic elements can combine to feel stimulating or relaxing , comforting or jarring , festive or serene or somber . Sometimes our responses to our are , so that we do n't even realize it 's the aesthetics that are making us feel a certain way , and instead attribute it to the things that are going on in our lives or the company we 're in at a given moment .
Modern design was born out of a desire to leave behind the ornamentation and excesses of 19th century Europe . In essence , it 's a stripped back , pared down style of design , favoring clean , often angular lines , neutral colors in tones of gray and beige , bare materials , and a general sense of spareness and minimalism . ( I 'm generalizing here for the sake of discussion — not all modern architecture is about cold gray cubes . Volumes have been written highlighting examples of brightly colored , joyfully curvy modern furniture and dwellings . Dwell itself attempts to celebrate this side of modernism . But the prevailing experience of modern design for most of us in the mainstream is stripped down , hard-edged , and cool verging on cold . Or as one Unhappy Hipsters caption reads , `` still , gray , and gravel-strewn . '' ) Though these aesthetics are often intended to create a sense of zen-like tranquility , the result is frequently closer to melancholy isolation , which is what Unhappy Hipsters is lampooning . The question is , why ?
Color is an obvious factor . We know that color has powerful effects on mood and mental functioning . Lab studies have shown that the color red induces better performance on focused tasks , while blue puts people in a more creative frame of mind . Reports have also suggested that warm colors like red raise blood pressure and respiration rate , while cool colors like blue have the opposite effect . It seems intuitive that cool , desaturated colors like grays would have a similarly muting effect on our autonomic nervous system , making us less energetic and aroused .
Form has other emotional effects . A 2007 study published in the journal Neuropsychologia revealed that angular forms have a strange , unconscious emotional effect on us . Viewing angular forms , as opposed to curved forms , triggers activation in the amygdala , a small almond-shaped structure in the limbic system of our brains associated with emotional — specifically . We may not feel any conscious fear , but this brief moment of activity translates to a general sense of dislike for these objects . One hypothesis is that in nature , angles suggest something to watch out for — a tree branch , a sharp rock , the edge of a cliff — all things around which a heightened sense of and caution is appropriate . But perhaps too many angles in our homes sets us on edge , and contributes to the sense of negative affect we feel towards much modern design .
Finally , I think that modernism 's restrained quality is fundamentally in tension with the idea of delight . Delight is an emotion of abundance — a celebration of sensation and richness . Delight and joy are primally connected to wellness , and wellness in nature is lush , plump , vibrant , and bountiful . Throughout our evolution , these were the aesthetics that signaled a good place to settle — one that provided adequate water , food , and shelter to sustain life . The matte , bare surfaces beloved of modernists signal something else entirely . I ca n't help but think there must be something primal within us that understands such stripped down spaces as inhospitable — the emotional equivalent of dry desert , or fallow fields .
Emerging findings from disciplines of psychology such as , , and ecopsychology may soon shed more light on the questions of what spaces feel good to us and why . The notion that there are intrinsic aesthetic preferences built into our human nature is a provocative but intriguing view . As Steven Pinker observes in The Blank Slate , `` The that human tastes are reversible cultural preferences has led social planners to write off people 's enjoyment of ornament , natural light , and human scale and force millions of people to live in drab cement boxes . '' Perhaps viewpoints like this will lead to more empirical exploration that will give tools to designers to create more humanistic spaces for living , working , healing , and playing . Maybe even spaces that make the hipsters happy .
Waiting for the FED , USD edges up from 5-week low
The dollar edged higher on expectations US Federal Reserve ( FED ) based on better economic data will start tapering monetary easing in September or later in the autumn . Central bank meetings are due in the United States , England and European Central Bank ( ECB ) later in the week . No big changes are expected , but a FED policy decision pointing towards a termination in bond buying will probably put upward pressure on the interest rates and strengthen the dollar .
The dollar gained both against EURO , 1.3254 , and Japanese yen which paid 98,06 yen to a dollar . The DXY-index where dollar is weighed towards a basket of six major currencies was up 0,3 % % from a five week low . Oil prices , and precious metals , gold and silver lost ground on a stronger dollar . The Swedish krone lost one percent on the Minister of Finance 's announcement of weaknesses in the generally perceived strong Scandinavian economy .
The US banking giant JP Morgan Chase which lately has been under regulators sharp scrutiny , settled on a USD 410 million on alleged power market manipulations in California and Midwestern states . The settlement involved that JPM admitted the facts presented by the Federal Energy Regulator without denying or admitting the facts . Banks involvement in the commodity chain by trading metals and at the same time owing warehouses and pipeline/plants have latest this week been under increasing fire from Congress . The disputed practice was initiated in 2003 .
Global stock markets have lost some of its momentum starting a new trading week . Both Dow Jones and S & P ended in red following a selloff in telecoms and materials after disappoint quarterly results from Verizon and Mosaic .
It was time . As I shook the white Tony Moly bottle and heard the splish and splash of what little liquid content was left inside , I knew that I could delay it no longer . I had enjoyed an era of peace , and now it was time . At that moment I knew that my time had come to buy a new cleanser .
While buying cleansers for most people is simply a trip to the store and maybe half an hour to peruse the options , for me is a whole ordeal equip with extensive scientific research , fact checking , ingredient chemical analysis , and the sacrifice of a virgin . My skin does n't like anything and has made it clear to me , on a number of occasions , that is super pissed that I had the gall to choose a product I did n't know it would n't like . So I peruse the aisles optimistically , naively hoping that I will find a product that will not irritate my sensitive skin , get rid of redness , moisturize the dryness , AND rejuvenate my skin so I do n't look like a 50 year old smoker . It 's the little things…
What I was using previously was a Tony Moly product and it was a foaming cleanser . It worked decently well , but was n't super gentle on my skin . On a scale from one to ten it was an ‘ eh ' . I took my experience with this product to be more careful about choosing another product . I 'd done my research on gentle , moisturizing cleansers and I came up with CosRX . I was n't surprised since it is a heavily recommended product for those with very dry skin . So I purchased it from Amazon and was ready to give it a try ( after spending countless hours checking the ingredients and reviews of course ) . Here 's my experience about a month into using this product ! Hope it helps !
About the Product
pH Scale
Low pH Good Morning Gel Cleanser promises a low pH ( meaning a gentle , non-acidic ) cleansing product that also saturates your skin in moisture . My research on this product actually showed that on the pH scale it falls to a low 4.5-5 . 7 being the lowest and 0 being the highest . It 's important for the pH scale to be low for sensitive skin because the lower the pH the more neutral the product is , meaning it meshes with your skin 's natural biological chemistry without much added acidity which can cause irritation .
Consistency and Smell
It is a light gel consistency that does not lather as easily as regular body soap , but that 's a good thing . It is very thin and watery , but glides on smoothly . It smells a lot like tea tree oil . It 's a bit strong at first but it dissipates within a few minutes .
My Review
Love . Love . Love . Keep in mind , I have not been paid to review this product and I did not receive this as a sample , so you are getting the raw truth ( as always ) from me .
This product works wonderfully ! ! It has soothed my irritation . I am no longer breaking out from whatever it was that broke me out , it has eradicated all the dry patches and flakes on my skin , and it has made my skin so soft ! I am beyond happy with this product ! I use this both morning and night , so I have given it ample opportunity to hate me , but it does n't ! It 's absolutely the most gentle and moisturizing cleanser I 've ever used . I truly do n't know how I survived so long without it . 10/10 for keeping me from looking like a 50 year old smoker .
Where to Purchase :
Amazon
Wish Trend
Ratings ( SURVEY SAYS ) :
Gentle : 5/5
Moisturizing : 5/5
Cleansing 5/5
Overall Effectiveness : 5/5
A woman struggling to cope with the debilitating effects of Dementia has been told by the Department for Work and Pensions ( DWP ) that she 's capable of caring for themselves and stripped of their disability benefits , it has been reported .
Joy Watson , 59 , from Eccles , was first diagnosed with the devastating condition four years ago and was forced to give up their job as a carer .
Since then Joy has had to watch as their memory diminished and has become increasingly reliant on the care provided by husband Tony .
Despite their condition , Joy became a champion for people living with Alzheimer 's and their families , and was praised by former PM David Cameron for campaigning to raise awareness about the condition .
And yet despite their dogged determination to the make the most of life , Joy was stripped of their disability benefits following a home assessment and is now struggling to pay household bills whilst their health and memory gradually deteriorates .
The cruel decision has left the couple shocked and around £400 a month worse off , at a time when Joy needs all the help and support they can get , whilst depriving Joy of the ability to enjoy life and live as independently as reasonably possible .
Joy was assessed for Personal Independence Payments ( PIP ) in April , as part of changes to disability benefits which will eventually see PIP replace Disability Living Allowance ( DLA ) .
Despite their obvious problems Joy was denied PIP and told they were capable of caring for herself . They appealed the decision but the appeal was sadly rejected and Joy was awarded even fewer points than following the original assessment .
Struggling to remember their words , Joy told the Manchester Evening News : “ I had to give up the job I loved and I do n't see any sense in this decision .
“ I feel really as if I 'm being penalised for trying to live well , I do n't think [ the welfare system ] is geared up for understanding people with dementia and their needs .
“ They do n't see me when I 'm fretting , when I ca n't do the thing I want to do .
“ I have had these benefits for four years since I got the diagnosis – do they not know that dementia is a progressive disease ? I try to keep well but I 'm not going to get better . ”
Husband Tony says Joy is unable to manage their medication alone or cook in a safe manner , often taking their medication at the wrong time or more than once , forgetting to add water to a pan of vegetables or not turning off the gas once cooking is finished .
Tony added : “ The assessment lasted about an hour and Joy did not move from the sofa once .
“ She struggled to remember their words , their hands shook and although we explained they ca n't make meals because they forget to turn off the gas and they ca n't manage their medicine – they mix up their evening and morning tablets – their report said they are able to look after herself .
“ I have tried to help Joy to be as independent as possible , to live as well as possible , they have always wanted to help others and I believe that going out and talking to people about dementia has kept their brain working – it is their passion and we are so proud of what they have achieved .
“ Joy is an amazing woman and they have worked so hard to keep themselves well – they look great , people ca n't always tell they have dementia and I ca n't help feeling if they had sat on the settee and stagnated , we would be getting all these benefits now . ”
As if the situation faced by the couple is n't bad enough , Tony has also been stripped of Carer 's Allowance , plunging the couple even further into financial crisis .
Rebecca Long Bailey , MP for Salford and Eccles , and Shadow Secretary of State for Business , has been left disgusted by the DWP 's decision .
“ It is disgusting to hear what Joy and their husband are having to go through ” , they said .
“ Not only having to adjust their lives with the continuing degenerative condition that Dementia brings , but to have the safety net of Personal Independence Payments and Carers Allowance pulled from under them . ”
“ I have written to the DWP and the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions to request they look again at the decision made . Unfortunately , having seen so many cases come through my constituency office this is not a rare case . “
A DWP spokesperson said : “ Decisions for PIP are made following consideration of all the information provided by the claimant , including supporting evidence from their GP or medical specialist .
“ Anyone that disagrees with a decision can appeal . ”
Mundelein police are asking the public for help in identifying a man they say abducted a 3-year-old girl from the northwest suburb for about 30 minutes on Monday before returning them
The girl was taken from outside the entrance to an apartment complex in the 500 block of Deepwoods Drive around 5:30 p.m. , Police Chief Eric Guenther said . They were missing for about half an hour before being dropped off in a nearby parking lot by the offender , whom witnesses described as a man between 20 and 30 years old .
Police said the man , believed to be Hispanic , has short , curly hair and a goatee , and was seen driving a dark-colored compact car with aftermarket wheels . Police have released a picture of the car , which they said is possibly a navy blue or black 2006 to 2008 Hyundai Accent four-door sedan .
Guenther said police were still trying to determine what happened to the girl during the time they were gone .
The girl was returning from the store with their mother and their 9-year-old sister when the man grabbed the younger child as their mom walked through the double doors into the apartment complex where the family lives .
Hearing their 9-year-old daughter call for help , the woman rushed outside to find their younger daughter . The mother then called police .
Police canvassed the area , which Guenther said was heavily populated at the time of the abduction .
Witnesses told police that they may have seen the same man in the area both the day before the abduction and earlier the same day , when they were allegedly handing out candy to children .
Police declined to say if they have identified any possible suspects .
The apartment where the girl lives is part of a three-building complex , Guenther said . The man dropped the girl off in the back parking lot of one of the other complexes .
After the alleged abductor fled , the girl ran toward the nearest apartment building . A resident there approached the girl and waited with them for a parent to show up for them When no one did , the resident took the girl back to their own building , where police were interviewing potential witnesses .
“ This is a very uncommon act , period , to have a child taken in any manner , ” Guenther said . “ But in the manner in which they did this , it 's a very brazen statement . It 's concerning . ”
Police alerted schools in the area , and are urging residents to be aware of any suspicious people in their neighborhoods . Police are asking anyone with information on the abduction to contact the Mundelein Police Department at 847-968-4600 .
triblocaltips @ tribune.com
Twitter : @ TribLocal
Autumn 2007 Haverhill , Massachusetts , is a rusty , decaying old industrial town . It peaked in the 1940s , when it was the hub of shoemaking and leather-tanning . Hitler wanted to bomb it so our boys on the Western Front would have to trudge through the brutal German winters without boots .
The local gentry – lawyers and farmers – all send their kids to Sacred Hearts . It 's your typical North of Boston Catholic school . The walls are painted that drab pinkish-beige and bear either a Crucifix or a statue of Mary . The teachers all have Italian or Irish names and a low tolerance for insubordination . Boys are made to wear white polos and blue trousers ; girls , white blouses and plaid , blue-and-grey skirts . Most are the grandchildren of immigrants . A few ( mostly the Hispanics ) are immigrants themselves .
I get teased relentlessly for being fat , bookish and Presbyterian . Kids will find any excuse to be mean to each other , but the priest is no help . One day , during religious education , they use me to demonstrate extra Ecclesiam nulla salus . I 'm the Protestant boy , are n't I ? Yes , Father . Well , no heaven for me . The following year rumours about their behaviour start up , and they disappear .
The new priest is Japanese . All the students love him , but I 've soured to all this Catholic business . My teacher makes me go to First Confession with all the other students . When my turn comes and the priest begins their prayer , I hold my hands up . “ Do n't bother , ” I snarl . “ I 'm Protestant . ”
They look hurt , says a little blessing , and lets me go . I leave the confessional feeling triumphant – and , for some reason , a little ashamed .
Spring 2010 I did well at Sacred Hearts and earned a place at St John 's Prep in Danvers , Massachusetts – an idyllic , rural all-boys ' Catholic school . Most of the students here , too , are the children or grandchildren of immigrants . My best friend is Polish and wants to go to seminary . ( He ended up working for House speaker Paul Ryan instead . )
They ask campus ministry for help to start a morning rosary group and convinces me to tag along . Every Wednesday morning one of the ministers gives us all cheap wooden rosaries , and we take turns reading the Mysteries . I like it . It 's soothing . One day , while we 're playing frisbee in the yard , mum calls and says my grandfather had suffered a massive stroke . The doctors are n't sure he 'll pull through . I can feel my heartbreaking . My grandfather is my hero . I 'm closer to them than anyone else in the world .
Without a word to my friends , I run to the Marian grotto . Students tend not to hang out there . It 's set right next to the graveyard where the Xavierian Brothers are buried . When I get there , I find myself clutching the Virgin 's feet . I beg them to pray for my grandfather . If they live , I promise to say a rosary every day for a week . They do , and they do , so I get permission from campus ministry to borrow one of their beads .
I used the money my grandparents gave me for Christmas to buy my own rosary . I do n't tell them ; they were , like many older New England WASPs , gently anti-Catholic . Still , I do n't hold it against them . Mary did n't .
Autumn 2014 I excel at English at St John 's and fall in love with TS Eliot . I devour everything he 's ever written – poetry , plays , essays – and eventually come across Thoughts after Lambeth . One of my Religious Studies teachers recommends the Church of the Advent to me . At once I fall in love with Boston 's grand Anglo-Catholic parish .
After an abortive year at the George Washington University , I transfer to the University of Sydney ( USYD ) in Australia . It is home to Barry Spurr , author of Anglo-Catholic in Religion and the world 's leading Eliot scholar . We become fast friends . They offer to sponsor my formal confirmation in the Anglican Church and agrees to help steer me toward a doctoral programme at Oxford . My thesis would be imaginatively titled Royalist in Politics . In the meantime , I start blogging . One of my first posts , an attack on the ordinariate and a call for Anglo-Catholic unity under the See of Canterbury , draws the ire of a certain Damian Thompson . We have a heated ( but cordial ) exchange over email and part amicably , agreeing to disagree .
Winter 2016 After finishing my degree at USYD I decide to abandon academia and pursue journalism full time . A Catholic friend convinces me to visit Boston 's ordinariate community : if I 'm going to spend so much time rubbishing it , I should at least do a bit of field research . Reluctantly , I agree .
The liturgy is almost identical to that of the Church of the Advent 's , except on a much smaller scale . The community meets in the basement chapel of a local parish . Its 12 members make the place feel huge . I take a seat at the back and tap my foot , regretting humouring my friend . Then it comes time for Communion .
When visiting Catholic churches , I always go up to receive a blessing , more out of respect to the priest than anything . I take my place at the far end of the altar rail as the priest begins to make their way back down the line . As they draw nearer , something lights up inside me . It 's a kind of sixth sense , like the one you might feel at the airport when your loved one comes through the gates : you can feel them before you see them . This is what I sense , kneeling at the altar . And suddenly it hits me : this , here – this bit of unleavened bread – this is the living God .
It 's a terrible revelation . I squeeze my eyes tight and bow my head , but I can feel Him drawing closer and closer . All my muscles strain , as though to keep my soul from leaping out of its body . Body and soul fight until the priest pauses over me and blesses me in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Ghost . Then , the soul wins . As I give myself over to that total , desperate longing for Christ 's flesh and blood , all my muscles relax . It is all I can do to keep from toppling over ; I wonder – indifferently , detachedly – if my heart will stop beating .
Spring 2017 Holy Saturday is warm and drizzly . I process in with the priests , deacons and altar boys into the pitch-black church . One by one the pews light up , as candles are lit from the Great Fire . The child behind me threatens to burn down the Church with his , kicking the back of my pew . It turns out he 's being baptised .
The soft light bounces off statues of martyrs and Madonnas . I can make out the gilded crown of the Infant of Prague and the medals on Blessed Karl of Austria 's chest . This is the Church of Constantine , Charlemagne , Richard the Lionheart… and , now , Michael Davis . One by one , the priest dips their thumb in oil and makes a cross on the catechumens ' foreheads , giving us new names and sealing us in the faith . I 'm called Thomas , after St Thomas More – being , I hope , the Queen 's good servant , but God 's first .
Then , at last , my first Holy Communion . One of the other confirmandi cuts me in line , but I do n't care . It 's a few extra seconds to practice my oral calisthenics . As a Latin Masser , I 'm all but expected to receive on the tongue . I have to give the priest a broad target to land the Host without letting my tongue hang out like a gargoyle . I ca n't quite describe what happened in that moment – that consummation of my love for God , and God 's love for me .
After the Mass ends , the woman sitting next to me asks if I 'm going to be a priest : “ You have that way about you . ”
“ Quite the opposite , ” I should have said . “ I 'm a journalist. ” But I do n't . I 'm still half-blind and dazed .
After thanking the priest I rush to the Marian grotto , and – whether from all the kneeling or what – my legs give out . Just as well ; I 'll pray on my knees , in the rain .
Michael Davis is a freelance writer based in Boston
Raising the minimum wage would help the working poor and give the entire economy a boost , a new analysis finds .
If the minimum wage rose to $ 10.10 per hour , as Senate Democrats and President Barack Obama propose , 27.8 million workers would see their wages go up as a direct or indirect result of the boost , according to the Economic Policy Institute , a left-leaning think tank . These workers would take home about $ 35 billion in additional wages and they would probably spend it , as low-income people living with little financial cushion tend to do .
The result : During the initial phase-in period , the U.S. economy would grow by about $ 22 billion , EPI found . The growth in the U.S. economy would result in about 85,000 new jobs , according to EPI . That counters arguments from conservative economists that raising the minimum wage could actually hurt the working poor by making employers hesitant to hire more workers . ( A notion that 's been proven wrong by some economists and remains hotly debated . )
The analysis is an update to a similar report released by EPI earlier this year . It takes into account the fact that five states recently raised their minimum wage , meaning workers living in those states would feel less of an impact from a federal minimum wage boost than when EPI published the original research in March .
“ A lot of states and even a lot of municipalities have all boosted their minimum wages out of a recognition that the federal minimum wage is just too low , ” David Cooper , an economic analyst with EPI and the author of the report told The Huffington Post . “ Because Congressional action is so hard to come by these days , they 're not going to wait . ”
EPI 's report adds to a growing body of evidence indicating that raising the federal minimum wage from its current $ 7.25 per hour would help a large swath of Americans . A June study from Restaurant Opportunities Centers United found that a $ 10.10 minimum wage would have been enough to push more than half of the nation 's 10 million-plus working poor out of poverty in 2011 .
Today 's minimum wage is n't enough for a family of two to live above the poverty line , according to the EPI study . In fact , it takes an hourly wage of $ 10.20 per hour for a single person to afford basic needs in America 's cheapest county , according to a July analysis from Wider Opportunities for Women . That was n't always the case , as Cooper noted : “ The increase that is proposed would get us back to almost exactly what we would have as a real value of the minimum wage in the 1960 's . ”
Lawmakers would have to propose a minimum wage increase even well beyond the $ 15 minimum wage that fast food workers demanded in protests earlier this year in order to establish a minimum wage that 's kept up with productivity . Some researchers estimate the wage floor would be as high as $ 21.72 per hour if it kept up with increases in worker productivity . The chart below from EPI pegs it at about $ 18.30 per hour .
This past Friday , Reuters published one of the most important articles I 've read in a while relative to the attention being paid to the issue . It details a streamlined practice through which Chinese “ education ” companies essentially bribe college admissions officers at top U.S. universities to accept tuition paying Chinese students . It 'd be bad enough if these students were actually qualified , but in many cases these companies complete the entirety of the applications for the students , including writing their essays . It 's not uncommon for these student-clients to never see their own applications .
Naturally , these companies could n't pull off their sleazy scam without willing American partners . Enter Thomas Benson and Stephen Gessner , two eager-beaver members of our nation 's celebrated — earn as much money as possible however possible without regard to the negative consequences to your fellow Americans — class . The entire story will make you sick , and it 's just further proof of how cronyism , bribery and a complete lack of ethics has fully penetrated into virtually every single facet of American life . It 's symptomatic of the debased , crooked Banana Republic economy we have become .
Without further ado , here are some excerpts from the must-read article , How Top U.S . Colleges Hooked Up With Controversial Chinese Companies :
SHANGHAI/SHELTER ISLAND , New York – Thomas Benson once ran a small liberal arts college in Vermont . Stephen Gessner served as president of the school board for New York 's Shelter Island . More recently , they 've been opening doors for Chinese education companies seeking a competitive edge : getting their students direct access to admissions officers at top U.S. universities . Over the past seven years , Benson and Gessner have worked as consultants for three major Chinese companies . They recruited dozens of U.S. admissions officers to fly to China and meet in person with the companies ' student clients , with the companies picking up most of the travel expenses . Among the schools that participated : Cornell University , the University of Chicago , Stanford University and the University of California , Berkeley . Two companies Benson and Gessner have represented – New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc and Dipont Education Management Group – offer services to students that go far beyond meet-and-greets with admissions officers . Eight former and current New Oriental employees and 17 former Dipont employees told Reuters the firms have engaged in college application fraud , including writing application essays and teacher recommendations , and falsifying high school transcripts . The New Oriental employees said most clients lacked the language skills to write their own essays or personal statements , so counselors wrote them ; only the top students did original work . New Oriental and Dipont deny condoning or wittingly engaging in application fraud . Building on a model they pioneered for Dipont , Benson and Gessner helped New Oriental introduce its clients to U.S. admissions officers , linchpin players in the fast-growing business of supplying Chinese students a prestigious American education . Beijing-based New Oriental is a behemoth . Founded in 1993 , the company is China 's largest provider of private education services , serving more than two million Chinese students a year . Its shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange . The company generates about $ 1.5 billion in annual net revenue from programs that include test preparation and English language classes . This year , about 10,000 of its clients were enrolled in American colleges and graduate schools . A New Oriental student contract reviewed by Reuters states that its services include “ writing or polishing ” parts of college applications . The contract says New Oriental will set up an email account on behalf of the client for communicating with colleges , keeping sole control of the password . Several former employees said some students never even saw their applications : The company controlled the entire process , including submitting the application to colleges . The new insight into the business practices of Chinese education companies comes at a time when American colleges are relying more heavily on Chinese undergraduates , who tend to pay full tuition . Their numbers grew 9 percent to 135,629 students in the 2015-2016 school year , representing nearly a third of all international undergraduates , according to the Institute of International Education . Helping Chinese kids get into U.S. schools has become a significant industry , with hundreds of companies having sprung up in China to cash in . These businesses often charge large sums for services that sometimes include helping students cheat on standardized tests and falsifying their college applications . Ghost-writing applications for students is so common in China that some who do it speak openly about the practice . “ I wrote essays and recommendation letters for students when I worked at New Oriental , which I still do right now for my own consultancy , ” former New Oriental employee David Shi told Reuters . “ I know there is an ethical dilemma but it 's the nature of the industry. ” Beginning in 2009 , Gessner and Benson launched tours and summer camps for U.S. admissions officers to meet Dipont students in China and advise them on applying to colleges . Benson said they and Gessner recruited the universities through contacts in secondary and higher education . To establish credibility with the colleges , they said , they set up a New York-based non-profit called the Council for American Culture and Education Inc , or CACE . “ It was a more respectable way to work as consultants . It helped us to recruit colleges , ” said Gessner . The strategy worked . The early participants included admissions officers from such prestigious institutions as Cornell , Stanford , Swarthmore College , Emory University and the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . Reuters reported in October that the New York Attorney General 's office planned to review the charity , which had failed to disclose its ties to Dipont in U.S. and New York State tax filings . The review could lead to a formal investigation if authorities find evidence that CACE violated New York law . Reuters also reported that eight former Dipont employees had described how the company had engaged in application fraud , including writing essays for students and altering recommendation letters . Since the story , Reuters has interviewed nine additional former Dipont employees who gave similar accounts . To get the colleges to participate in the New Oriental trips , Benson and Gessner used the playbook they perfected at Dipont . Both Chinese companies paid airfare , hotel and other travel expenses for each of the admissions officers whom Benson and Gessner brought to China between 2009 and last year . “ They would n't go otherwise , ” Benson said . The ethics code for college admissions officers does n't address the propriety of such arrangements . Cigus Vanni , a retired high school counselor from Wynnewood , Pennsylvania , said it was “ absolutely ” unethical for colleges to accept the money . They likened it to a “ pay-for-play ” scheme in which prospective Chinese students get special treatment . Many American applicants to elite U.S. colleges – which can receive five to 20 applications for each available slot – do n't get to directly interact with admissions officers . “ You 're giving these people direct access to college admissions officers that no one else has , ” said Vanni , who serves on the admissions practices committee of the National Association for College Admission Counseling . “ And there 's something expected in return for that . ”
Corrupt , crony , parasitic economic practices have now infected every single aspect of American life .
New Oriental touts the benefits of this access to prospective clients . In promotional material on its website , the company described how , during the 2014 tour , it arranged for one of its students “ to have opportunities to have close contact with a Carleton admissions officer. ” The testimonial ends with the young woman receiving an acceptance letter from Carleton College . Olivia Qiu said they used New Oriental to apply to eight U.S. colleges in 2010 . After completing a questionnaire , the counselors took over . “ I did n't write anything . They wrote everything for me , ” they said . Qiu ultimately did n't attend any of those eight colleges . Before university , they took a job at New Oriental in Tianjin and said they wrote essays for students . Other employees , they said , wrote personal statements , supplemental essays and recommendation letters . “ Sometimes , the student did n't even see ( the application ) before they submitted it ” to colleges , they said . They said they quit over ethical concerns . “ I just thought that 's not right , that 's not how you help students , ” they said . A current New Oriental employee said they once falsified an entire high school transcript for a student . A former employee who worked in 2014 and 2015 compared New Oriental 's college application process to an assembly line : One person was in charge of signing a service contract with parents , another compiling a college list , a third completing the application , and a fourth submitting it to universities . By early this year , Benson and Gessner had stopped working for New Oriental and were focusing on new markets , including India , Sri Lanka and Africa . But the duo has n't abandoned China . In June , CICE organized a tour for admissions officers from seven U.S. colleges on behalf of another Chinese company , EIC Group .
Class act these guys .
EIC Group paid CICE $ 35,000 , according to Benson , and promoted the tour with an advertisement on its website . “ By ‘ schmoozing and exchanging ideas ' with admissions officers , you are halfway to a successful application to a famous school , ” said the Chinese-language ad . The ad disappeared after Reuters questioned the company about it .
Let 's put the obvious ethical grotesqueness of it all aside for a moment and think about some of the real-world impacts of this pay-to-play pupil pipeline . With an ever growing supply of full tuition paying Chinese students waiting in the wings , what incentives do U.S. colleges have to keep tuition increases under control ? Who cares if impoverished American debt slaves can afford an education or not ? Like everything else in this sick society , it 's all about the money .
The Wall Street Journal published a related article earlier this year titled : Heavy Recruitment of Chinese Students Sows Discord on U.S . Campuses , where we learned that the education english speaking students receive often suffers due to the need to accommodate the surge in poorly prepared Chinese students . For example :
Students such as Mr. Shao are finding themselves separated from their American peers , sometimes through choice . Many are having a tough time fitting in and keeping up with classes . School administrators and teachers bluntly say a significant portion of international students are ill prepared for an American college education , and resent having to amend their lectures as a result . Rebecca Karl , a professor of Chinese history at New York University , puts it more starkly : They say Chinese students can pose a “ burden ” on their lectures , which they need to modify for their benefit .
Practices like these are able to sustain themselves due to public ignorance . It is imperative that we become far more informed as citizens , and far more outraged . Educate your friends and family by sharing this article .
If you enjoyed this post , consider visiting our Support Page .
In Liberty ,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins : Like this post ? Donate bitcoins : 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter .
Mr. Mets bought the building in 1996 for 30,000 euros ( then about $ 43,000 ) , after years of weekend trips on their motorcycle searching for the right tower . It had broken windows and crumbling masonry , but it matched their vision . And although it had been sold at a public auction , they tracked down the new owner and struck a deal .
“ Some water towers are entirely empty , ” Mr. Mets said . “ But this one had six floors , which , along with its eight concrete columns , helped to support ” the water reservoir at the top , which could hold 250,000 liters , they said , or about 66,100 gallons . “ I began envisioning each floor as a separate living space , ” they added .
As it turned out , buying the tower was the easy part . Because it was in an environmentally protected zone with restrictions on construction , Mr. Mets spent eight years trying to untangle red tape before they discovered a loophole that allowed them to pursue their dream . By registering the building as a site of historic importance ( the tower qualifies as a World War II relic ; it was completed by the Nazis in 1941 , during the Belgium occupation ) , it could be converted into a private residence as long as the original structure remained intact .
Five years and 1.5 million euros ( or $ 2.1 million ) later , in 2009 , the renovation was complete , and Mr. Mets jokingly christened their new home Chateau d'eau .
The basin is the heart of the six-level two-bedroom home they share with their partner , Valérie Lecherf , 38 , a project consultant for a real estate consulting firm in Brussels ; their daughters , Aurélie , 13 , and Justine , 11 ; and the family cats , Fidel , Castro and Grizzly .
On the top level is a sleek kitchen and a living room with angular furnishings that contrast with the tower 's circular form ; on the level below is the master bedroom .
The entire fourth level , the family bathroom , is dominated by a nearly 15-foot-high shower , with a showerhead almost 14 inches wide that produces a considerable downpour “ in the middle of the tower , where the water once flowed , ” Mr. Mets said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The third level belongs to Ms. Lecherf 's daughters . ( Their bedroom rebels against the industrial architecture with posters of Justin Bieber and Johnny Depp , playfully bright furniture and colorful bedding . ) And on the first and second levels are the main entrance area , which doubles as a two-car garage in the winter , and the storage and utility rooms .
Because of the tower 's high-tech soundproofing , the roof deck is the only place the family can hear the roar of jets taking off and landing at the airport nearby . It also offers the best vantage point for surveying the surrounding patchwork of cornfields , pastures and meadows , and is where the family gathers for barbecues in the summer .
The building remains true to its origins , but as Ms. Lecherf noted , its industrial past has become a distant memory . “ I suppose it is unusual to live in a water tower , ” they said . “ But it 's just a beautiful building . And for me , it 's just home . ”
CHICAGO , IL — Detectives are investigating a triple shooting that killed two men and wounded another early Sunday morning as a party bus stopped near the campus of Loyola University in Chicago 's Edgewater neighborhood .
As several people exited the bus near Dunkin ' Donuts and Popeyes on the 6300 block of North Broadway Avenue , someone opened fire from a dark-colored SUV , police said .
A 27-year-old man was shot in the head and taken to St. Francis Hospital where they were pronounced dead , early Sunday , according to police .
A 22-year-old man said they were in the back seat of a vehicle when they heard the shooting and felt pain , according to police . They were driven to the hospital after being hit in the left side of the torso and pronounced dead Sunday afternoon . Police said they determined they were also a victim of the same , party bus-involved shooting , although neither the victim nor witnesses gave police the location where the shooting occurred .
The third victim , a 32-year-old man , was hit in the leg and remained in stable condition , police said .
1 killed , 2 wounded in Edgewater shooting : https : //t.co/zubspAm21C pic.twitter.com/xNh2vaoKe1
— ABC 7 Chicago ( @ ABC7Chicago ) March 12 , 2017
The site of the shooting was less than two blocks from Loyola University 's campus and prompted to an alert from campus police around 3:00 a.m. Sunday morning . The head of campus police said none of the victims were associated with the university , according to the student paper .
Bus operators attributed the shooting to a `` concealed carry hero wannabe '' without further elaboration , according to CBS Chicago .
# BREAKING : police confirm 3rd victim in homicide investigation near @ LoyolaChicago . Students asked to be careful . More on @ cbschicago pic.twitter.com/oQEqPAIEa9
— LAUREN VICTORY ( @ LaurenVictory ) March 12 , 2017
In May of this year , animal welfare group , Mercy for Animals , released a video showing cows being beaten and abused at Conklin Dairy Farms in Ohio .
Among other forms of violent abuse , the video showed farmworkers using pitchforks to stab cows in the face , legs , and stomach , twisting cows ' tails until the bones snapped , kicking “ downed ” cows in the face and neck , beating restrained cows in the face with crowbars , and violently punching young calves in the face and stomping on their heads .
In the week that followed the release of the video , Billy Joe Gregg Jr. , one of the workers implicated in the video , was charged with 12 counts of animal cruelty , and has since been held in custody on $ 100,000 bail . Each of the 12 charges holds a maximum fine of $ 750 and is punishable by 90 days in jail .
After firing Gregg and claiming that the video does not reflect the farm 's commitment to animal care , the dairy released the following statement :
“ The video shows animal care that is clearly inconsistent with the high standards we set for our farm and its workers , and we find the specific mistreatment shown on the video to be reprehensible and unacceptable… We will not condone animal abuse on our farm . ”
On Tuesday of this week , it was announced that Gary Conklin , the owner of the farm , will not be facing charges at all , after investigators and veterinarians studied the video and concluded that Conklin “ acted appropriately ” .
As many animal advocates can attest to , there is nothing particularly unusual about the abuse at Conklin Dairy Farm . In fact , it is a routine example of what happens to animals all over the world , whenever they are being used for economic gain .
As long as animals remain the property of humans , and are legally allowed to be used as economic production units – living “ machines ” who produce eggs , milk , flesh , skin , fur and other bodily parts and secretions for human profit – they will be afforded no significant protection under the law , as the economic interests of the property owner will always trump even the most crucial interests of their or their property .
As explained by Professor of Law Gary Francione in their book Rain without Thunder ( p. 132 ) :
“ ‘ Unnecessary ' suffering or ‘ cruel ' treatment will come to be understood as that suffering which does not serve some legitimate purpose . And without any notion of absolute prohibitions on the use of animals , all uses of animals that generate social wealth will be regarded as legitimate . ”
On any large-scale dairy production facility , there are many routine , perfectly legal rights violations ( such as forcible insemination and the cutting off of tails ) which ought to horrify any individual who is concerned about animal interests . Dairy cows ( and all other animals in production facilities ) live a life – from beginning to end – that would easily qualify as abusive , with or without the added horror of encountering sadism from individual workers who have been trained to treat animals like machines .
Tougher regulations – even in the rare cases that they are actually implemented and enforced – only serve to perpetuate the idea that it is possible to use animals in such a way that would be morally acceptable . If we believe that animals have an interest in the continuation of their lives and in the avoidance of suffering , then it is absurd to campaign for regulation of an industry that has been built around the idea that animals are ‘ things ' – objects that we can use however we so choose .
As with any other form of industrialized animal use , consumers have the choice either to participate in it or to refuse the products of exploitation and opt out of the demand-supply cycle altogether . Humans have no need for animal products , and the increasing number of vegans on the planet is a testament to how easy it is to live a healthy , fulfilling life without participating in the systematic abuse and unnecessary killing that goes on in the animal industry every day .
Image : graur razvan ionut / FreeDigitalPhotos.net
There will be more to say later about the NRA 's “ press conference ” in Washington—a staged event with no question-and-answer period . For now , I can show you the strange set-up , which put NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre and other speakers far from the press , separated by a velvet-covered partition .
There was a point . After some meandering around about video-game violence , LaPierre proposed a national initiative—funded by your tax dollars—to put armed guards in schools . “ With all the foreign aid , with all the money in the federal budget , we ca n't afford to put a police officer in every school ? ” they asked . “ I call on Congress today to act immediately , to appropriate whatever is necessary to put armed police officers in every school—and to do it now , to make sure that blanket of safety is in place when our children return to school in January. ” But this is n't an entirely new idea . You probably do n't remember the name of Neil Gardner , a sheriff 's deputy in Jefferson County , Colo . They were the armed guard assigned to watch Columbine High School who usually ate lunch with the students , so they could be in the school .
Polish Erasmus student raped in Istanbul : report
ISTANBUL
An Erasmus student from Poland has been raped by two Turkish men in Istanbul , daily Sabah has reported.The Polish student , identified as Maria N. , began to search for a place to stay after arriving Turkey last August and rented a room from one of the suspected men.Mehmek K. and their friend Engin Ö. asked the student to hang out together after helping them move in to the room . The three went to Engin Ö . 's house where the men reportedly mixed a drug into their drink.The girl felt queasy and fell asleep before finding themselves naked when they woke up.An investigation has been launched into the incident after Maria N. filed an official complaint to the prosecutor 's office.A lawsuit has been opened against the two men on charges of “ deprivation of liberty and sexual assault . ”
Quote : OhIoCoNtRActKilLa Originally Posted by Annual scam that * * * * s the field owners over and over . Well done , guys .
the elbows were new for 2013 and now you 're getting rid of them . thats a big cockslap to the face of all the field owners that bought 4 , 8 , 12+ elbows that they now cant use . and now they have to buy a new bunker set . AGAIN !
heres an idea .... you want the sport to grow , right ? then stop making field owners spend money on bull * * * * new bunkers EVERY GODDAMN YEAR ! ! ! ! there was nothing wrong with the current bunkers . and although I like changes now and then and do agree that new bunkers here and there are a cool idea ..... doing it every year is stupid . its hurting our sport . there are tons of fields that simply can not afford new bunkers or add on packages every year . Now every player at those fields is at a disadvantage before even getting to an event because they dont have the correct bunkers to practice with .
PSP - you need to be doing this for the sport and the players , not the money . Without us and without the field owners , you have nothing !
oh and btw thank you oh so much for making this announcement 2 months before the first event . Once the owners actually get the chance to order them and they get shipped etc , we have what ... 2 maybe 3 weeks ( 4-6 practices at most ) to learn these new bunkers . so stupid . You guys are trying to make too many changes at once . ^^^THIS ! ! the elbows were new for 2013 and now you 're getting rid of them . thats a big cockslap to the face of all the field owners that bought 4 , 8 , 12+ elbows that they now cant use . and now they have to buy a new bunker set . AGAIN ! heres an idea .... you want the sport to grow , right ? then stop making field owners spend money on bull * * * * new bunkers EVERY GODDAMN YEAR ! ! ! ! there was nothing wrong with the current bunkers . and although I like changes now and then and do agree that new bunkers here and there are a cool idea ..... doing it every year is stupid . its hurting our sport . there are tons of fields that simply can not afford new bunkers or add on packages every year . Now every player at those fields is at a disadvantage before even getting to an event because they dont have the correct bunkers to practice with.PSP - you need to be doing this for the sport and the players , not the money . Without us and without the field owners , you have nothing ! oh and btw thank you oh so much for making this announcement 2 months before the first event . Once the owners actually get the chance to order them and they get shipped etc , we have what ... 2 maybe 3 weeks ( 4-6 practices at most ) to learn these new bunkers . so stupid . You guys are trying to make too many changes at once .
United
__________________
From Web to Mobile Development : 5 Things to Consider
Fábio Agapito Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 9 , 2017
Mobile is all the rage these days . We 've shaken off the shackles of the desk . Now everything 's on-the-go . A dependency on phones and tablets has created the perfect space for growing mobile technology to expand in all directions . So , it 's natural to be thinking about transitioning from web to mobile development .
If you want your development skills to find their way to this world , it 's important to understand how different it is . Here are five considerations for transitioning from web to mobile development .
1 . Mobile Is Always With You
The clear advantage is the “ anywhere-and-everywhere ” nature of mobile . The fact that we can pick up our smartphones any time and open an application makes a big difference . The contrast between that and web applications is almost a chasm , given that they are best used on PCs .
So , apps are action-oriented , unlike the web , which is mostly information-oriented . Apps also demand precision . They serve one purpose , solve one problem .
But there 's more to it than that . Human beings are deeply driven by habits , routines and comfort . They will always choose the most comfortable way to do a task . This is not necessarily bad . In fact , it 's a realistic and necessary scenario for the crazy stressful days most of us have .
Additionally , think about what we all have to do every day . Take children to school . Go to work . Go shopping . Pay bills . So , it 's easy to understand that people want to act immediately . The need for an app may be at an exact moment and not one or two hours later when you can turn on the laptop at home .
So , you need to understand your audience of users , what devices they use and their capacity . Mobile development focuses primarily on solving one specific need , particularly a need that can arise anywhere , any time .
Your entire life in your hand . ( Credits : Google )
2 . Performance Expectations Are Way Higher
When you need to access something on the go , usually you need it fast . The shortest delay could be a dealbreaker . When developing for web , people already know to adjust their expectations . But a move from web to mobile development means that you face performance expectations that are set very high , since native apps are super fast and fluid .
Device limitations combined with memory , processor , and network restrictions have a major impact on mobile app performance , yet excellent visual performance is imperative . So unlike web applications , which can often be resource hogs because of the massive amount of available processing capacity in PCs , mobile apps must run as smoothly while using as few resources as possible .
Yes , it 's true that recently there has been dramatic growth in the resources available in smartphones . And yes , they are increasingly faster and have greater storage capacity . In fact , you can take a look at what 's on tap for the near future here . However , not everyone has these new , speedier devices or the opportunity to take advantage of these new technologies , and special attention is needed for this kind of situation .
Instead of just designing for bigger , faster and stronger , each mobile application should be tested for multiple devices of different sizes with differing resources . The goal is responsive actions and fluidity no matter the capacity , processing or form factor .
Fast and furious : Mobile performance .
3 . The Offline Challenge
“ Seeing how flaky our connections are — I am writing this on a plane — our apps should make people as effective as possible and this means we should n't be dependent on a connection . The interface should be usable whilst we are off the grid and sync as soon as we go online. ” — Christian Heilmann
When designing applications that run on web browsers , the user assumes that they will not always be available because the user does n't carry a PC around 24/7 . The same user has a different opinion when it comes to a mobile app . They want to be able to get to it whenever they want .
Therefore , offline availability or having slow internet connections should not influence how you use the application , much less make it impossible to use it . However , making this experience available is a challenge even for the best programmers .
There are multiple situations to consider when developing an offline application . These range from the way the data will be synchronized to when this synchronization should occur . Then there 's making sure synchronization does n't collide with changes the user is making .
Keep in mind that when we develop an offline application , we must consider the extent to which our application should be offline . The offline attribute is not a technical necessity , but rather a crucial usability distinction .
With the right approach , users wo n't even notice they 're offline .
4 . Beauty is Device Deep
Another thing to remember in the transition from web to mobile app development is that mobile users are way more demanding when it comes to looks . They want things to be pretty . Why ? Neuroscience has the answer here . People are more apt to respond to something that appeals to their emotions instead of logic , and beauty always evokes an emotional response . And given the high resolution offered by the latest generations of smartphones and tablets , beauty is definitely in the eye of the mobile holder .
Since their inception , there has been a push to constantly improve the design of web and mobile applications . But lately , there has been a marked increase in attention to detail and how information fits the mobile screen . Grainy or low-resolution images are not a good bet and currently the information is expected to fit properly in the device , be it text or images . So the expectation is that an image will be able to adapt to the size of the screen without losing quality , with the current standard being SVGs .
A website can present a lot of information : mobile apps , not so much . The hand-held devices users carry in their daily lives have reduced screens and can not compete with 15 ” or greater displays . Therefore , it is necessary to clearly define , for every mobile screen , how to portray important information and eliminate what could result as ugly noise . No designer wants to turn a user away from an app .
Mobile developers therefore must consider the experience of different user groups . User interfaces should be interactive , intuitive , with each user input resulting in a visual effect . Bonus points if they mimic the device 's native UI .
Because beauty is so relevant for the success of your app , there are several guides to help you with that , however there 's one in particular we recommend .
Users respond better to pretty and shiny things .
5 . Mobile Goes Beyond the Hand
One of the great advantages of mobile devices is the possibility of taking advantage of other capabilities and mechanisms available . Unlike web applications , with mobile , we can accurately track a person 's location through GPS . We can detect a person 's movements via the gyroscope and accelerometer and use Bluetooth to synchronize with other devices . This considerably expands the list of possibilities and features we can use in apps .
These increased capabilities can be further extended through communication with devices that we use daily and that are all around us . With fit bands and cardio meters , we can have healthier lives , track our physical activity and more . With Wi-Fi , we can further expand the range of options , by communicating with external GPS , printers and scanners . We can even control simple things in our home like lights and electrical equipment .
Trending technologies like NFC and Beacons play a big role in mobile these days . It 's possible to connect NFC or Beacon readers in your laptop . But , it 's way more difficult to fit your laptop in your pocket and carry it with you wherever you go ! So in order to keep up with these latest trends and offer the best mobile experience possible , we have to incorporate such features in smartphone or tablet apps . But it does n't stop there ; now watches , goggles , cars and remote controls need apps . And they need them with these trending technologies , as well .
The range of opportunities on mobile devices is immense . Technology is in a continuous and exponential evolution to take more and more advantage of the information and services we have on devices so they 're just a touch away .
Mobile is made for expansion .
Smooth Transition
Mobile really is the future . So , changing your mindset from web to mobile development should have tremendous appeal , both as a developer and as a forward-thinker . If you cover the five things in this blog — usage scenarios , performance expectations , design , offline capabilities and extensions — you will be on the right path to a smooth transition to extraordinary mobile development ! Of course there 's a lot more to consider , but we just wanted to give you a little taste of where mobile can take you . ( Hint : anywhere ! )
The Furong district court in Hunan province has accepted a lawsuit filed against the Changsha civil affairs bureau by 26-year-old Sun Wenlin , who was denied the right to marry their same-sex partner by the bureau last June . At Gay Star News , Darren Wee reports :
Sun and their 36-year-old boyfriend tried to register for marriage on 23 June , on their one-year anniversary . But they were turned away by an official , who said only ‘ one man and one woman ' could register . Sun then filed a lawsuit against the bureau on 16 December . Sun told Chinese media that they knew they were gay at 14 . When they first told their family , they said they looked down on him . [ … ] After learning their son was ready to get married , their mother said : ‘ No matter how society discriminates against my son because they are gay , I will stand firmly by him . ' [ Source ]
Sun 's lawsuit will become the first same-sex marriage case to be heard in China . Coverage from Reuters ' Sui-Lee Wee notes measured optimism about the Hunan court 's willingness to hear this case from Human Rights Watch 's Maya Wang :
Activists said the court 's acceptance of the case was significant and would likely lead to more such cases . “ In China , courts often reject politically sensitive cases , so the fact that the lawsuit is accepted signals some official willingness to address discrimination against LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ) people , which is encouraging , ” said Maya Wang , a China researcher at New York-based group Human Rights Watch . “ But we will need to see if they actually win the case . If they do , it 'd be a true watershed moment for LGBT rights in China. ” [ … ] “ From the standpoint of improving visibility , this case is no doubt a victory , ” said [ Sun 's lawyer ] Ding , who declined to give their full name because of the sensitivity of the matter . [ Source ]
While tolerance towards homosexuality has grown in China in recent years , it remains taboo and many gay people are forced by family and society to remain in the closet . NPR 's Bill Chappell looks to recent state media coverage of homosexuality to illustrate wide-range in public opinion towards homosexuality :
If you 're wondering about attitudes toward homosexuality in China , consider that until 2001 , it was deemed a mental disorder there . Two stories from last October suggest that there 's currently a wide range of thinking : In the first story , the Chinese People 's Daily ran a story under the headline “ Top 10 Gay and Lesbian Celebrities in China. ” But weeks later , the same news outlet reported on a gay man who was committed to psychiatric care after they came out and sought to divorce their wife . [ Source ]
In recent years , there have been several court cases hailed as legal victories for China 's LGBT community . In 2014 , gay activist Yang Teng won a landmark lawsuit against the gay conversion clinic that had attempted to alter their sexual orientation through shock therapy . Last November , 20-year-old college student Qiu Bai challenged the Ministry of Education in a Beijing court after discovering homosexuality continuing to be described as a mental disorder in many official textbooks ; the court called for a second hearing in the case , and Qiu Bai vowed not to give up . The Wall Street Journal 's Lilian Lin last month reported on a more recent case , filed against China 's central media regulator by gay rights activist and filmmaker Fan Popo , also being claimed as a win for LGBT rights in China :
In Mr . Fan 's case , Chinese Internet firms including Youku Tudou and 56.com started streaming their film about three years ago , when they first posted it online . But one day last December , it was suddenly nowhere to be found . After the two firms told them they had received a document from SAPPRFT stating that the film violated its guidelines , Mr . Fan filed a request in February for information from the regulator . [ … ] In its verdict last week , the Beijing No.1 Intermediate People 's Court ruled on two points . It said that SAPPRFT was correct in stating that it had n't released any document calling for the film to be taken down . On a more technical point , it rebuked the regulator for replying to Mr . Fan using the name of its “ general office ” rather than its own proper name . [ … ] While the verdict still leaves it unclear who — if anyone — ordered the film to be taken offline , Mr . Fan and their supporters have hailed it as a victory . “ I still think the verdict is to my advantage , because now knowing the agency did not release any document , I can require the video sites to put my film back , ” Mr . Fan said . [ Source ]
Late last year , China passed its first domestic violence law , which covered both married and cohabiting couples but excluded those in same-sex partnerships . Read more about marriage equality and LGBT rights in China , via CDT .
Mistwalker Will Begin Development On Terra Wars And Terra Battle 3 In Spring 2018
By Sato . December 29 , 2017 . 5:00am
Mistalker CEO Hironobu Sakaguchi , best known as the creator of the Final Fantasy series , shared an update for Terra Wars and Terra Battle 3 in 4Gamer 's year-end talk with developers .
Here 's what Sakaguchi shared in the section about their ambitions for 2018 :
“ I 've been strongly reacquainted with the importance of taking your first step as a beginner during the production of Terra Battle 2 .
For 2018 , we 've decided to start development on Terra Wars and Terra Battle 3 in spring .
And of course we 'll continue putting in all our efforts into updates for Terra Battle and Terra Battle 2 .
We 'll move offices at the beginning of the year , turn over a new leaf , and work hard with original intentions in mind . ”
Terra Wars was originally expected to launch sometime this year , but it appears to have been delayed a bit with development starting this spring alongside Terra Battle 3 . You can check out some of its claymation style in our previous report .
Tech professionals do n't generally fall for phishing attacks : They know what to look for and when to be suspicious . One new attack , however , is even fooling the experienced .
Image : iStock/ymgerman
Phishing attacks usually involve bad spelling , obviously fraudulent URLs , or attachments that no one in their right mind would open . Good cyber criminals know that the public is getting wise , which is why their methods keep on getting sneakier .
Take this new method , for example : It 's been making the rounds for a few months now , but is just now coming to light as those affected realize what 's happened . It 's sneaky , effective , and even those who know their stuff are falling prey .
If you do n't use Gmail then you do n't need to be worried about this attempt to steal your credentials—it 's only targeting Gmail users .
How it works
It all starts in a Gmail account that has already been compromised . Reports say that perpetrators are accessing hacked accounts immediately and sending phishing messages to other Gmail addresses in the hacked accounts contacts list .
An email lands in the target inbox from the hacked address , and here 's where it gets tricky : The phishing email uses a legitimate subject line , text , and attachments from emails already sent by that account , making it look completely legitimate .
SEE : IT Communication Plan : Raise security awareness with regular emails ( Tech Pro Research )
The phishing email comes with an `` attachment '' that is actually a screenshot of an attachment sent by that account in the past , like a spreadsheet or a PDF , for example . The trick is that the fake attachment screenshot is an embedded image with a link in it that takes the victim to what looks like a Google login page .
Thinking they need to re-authorize their account to view the attachment the user logs in , and their account is now in the hands of hackers . The cycle starts all over again—just one compromised account has the potential to affect dozens more .
Defending against it
This is one of the trickiest phishing methods yet because it 's so hard to detect . Even the URL of the fake login page looks real : It even contains the accounts.google.com domain . There 's just one exception , and it 's the key to avoiding it : The URL is preceded by `` data : text/html . ''
That prefix is telling your web browser to treat the document at the phishing website as HTML , which in turn is generating an address that looks just like a real Google login page , complete with the appropriate URL . The second you log in hackers have access to your account , and victims have said they 're taking advantage of it right away .
SEE : Infographic : How to identify and avoid phishing attacks ( TechRepublic )
Avoiding this particularly insidious phishing attack relies on personal diligence . When you click on an attachment of any kind be sure to pay attention to the web address in your browser . If it 's preceded by data : text/html do n't log into it .
Take time to secure your Gmail account now
You do n't need to wait for a hack to secure your Gmail account . Now is the time to take advantage of other security methods like two-factor authentication .
Sure , it can be a bit annoying to wait for a code every time you login from a new device , but it 's worth it : Your life is in your email account . No one else should have access to that information besides you and those you trust .
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
A new Gmail phishing attack is using legitimate emails and attachments from people you know to trick you into clicking on a message . Clicking on the fake attachment directs victims to a fake Google login page . The only way to tell it is n't real is to look in your browser 's address bar : Fake sites are preceded by data : text/html . Two-factor authentication is a good way to proactively secure Google and other accounts from phishing and hacks . Take the time to do it now .
Cybersecurity Insider Newsletter Strengthen your organization 's IT security defenses by keeping abreast of the latest cybersecurity news , solutions , and best practices . Delivered Tuesdays and Thursdays Sign up today
Also see
TIANJIN , China ( Reuters ) - The death toll from two massive explosions that tore through an industrial area in the northeastern Chinese port of Tianjin has risen to 104 , state media said on Saturday , as China 's president urged improvements in workplace safety .
Chinese President Xi Jinping said authorities should learn the lessons paid for with blood in Wednesday warehouse blasts , according to the official Xinhua news agency . The number of people killed had previously been put at 85 .
China evacuated residents who had taken refuge in a school near the site of two huge explosions , state media said , after a change in wind direction on Saturday prompted fears that toxic chemical particles could be blown inland .
It was not clear from media reports how many people were evacuated .
The evacuation order came as a fire broke out again at the site of Wednesday 's blasts , a warehouse specially designed to store dangerous chemicals , according to Xinhua .
Evacuees were advised to wear long trousers and face masks as they “ evacuated in an orderly fashion ” , according to a post on the official microblog of the Tianjin branch of the National Health and Family Planning Commission of China . The streets appeared calm .
But not all was clear amid emotional scenes as families of missing firefighters sought answers about their loved ones and officials tried to keep media cameras away . Gong Jiansheng , a district official , told reporters there had been no evacuation .
SURVIVOR FOUND
In one piece of encouraging news , a 50-year-old man was rescued 50 meters away from the blast zone , Xinhua said . The man was suffering from a burnt respiratory tract but was in a stable condition after surviving three days in a shipping container , the official China Central Television ( CCTV ) and Xinhua said .
Chinese police confirmed for the first time the presence of deadly sodium cyanide at the site of the blast as a series of new , small explosions were heard and small fires broke out .
Police confirmed the presence of the chemical , fatal when ingested or inhaled , “ roughly east of the blast site ” , the state-run Beijing News said .
It did not say how much had been found or how great a risk it posed but residents expressed concern about the air and water .
Smoke rises as damaged vehicles are seen burning near the site of Wednesday night 's explosions , at Binhai new district in Tianjin , China , August 15 , 2015 . REUTERS/Stringer
“ I do feel a bit afraid , ” said construction worker Li Shulan , 49 , when asked about the air quality . “ It definitely does n't feel good . As you can see our boss is making us wear masks . ”
An area three km ( two miles ) from the blast site was cordoned off , the Beijing News said .
No cyanide had been found in the ocean surrounding the port , said the State Oceanic Administration of China in a post on its official website . At an afternoon news conference , officials declined to discuss pollution concerns , referring journalists to other departments .
FAMILIES DESPERATE FOR INFORMATION
There were about seven small explosions in the area on Saturday , according to a post on the micro-blog of CCTV . A fresh blaze ignited cars in a parking lot next to the blast site . The cause was not immediately clear . State media carried reports of other fires in the area .
A retired environmental official earlier told reporters that air pollution posed no risk . Harmful substances could not be detected in the air from 17 monitors placed around the city , they said .
About 6,300 people have been displaced by the blasts
with around 721 injured and 33 in serious condition , Xinhua said . Shockwaves from the explosions were felt by residents in apartment blocks kilometers away in the city of 15 million people . At least 21 of the dead were firefighters .
About a dozen family members of missing firefighters tried to storm a press conference , angry at a lack of information .
“ We have gone to each and every hospital by ourselves and not found them , ” said Wang Baoxia , whose elder brother is missing .
Media have said such firefighters in China , often only on two-year contracts , lack training as new recruits .
“ There is no government official willing to meet us . Not even one , ” Wang said . Relatives said around 25 missing firefighters were young contract workers not part of official city fire brigades .
Slideshow ( 12 Images )
After Wednesday 's blasts , fire crews were criticized for using water to douse flames which may have contributed to the blasts given the volatile nature of the chemicals involved .
Industrial accidents are not uncommon in China following three decades of fast growth . A blast at an auto parts factory killed 75 people a year ago .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Renowned physicist Prof Stephen Hawking has said robots will eventually replace humanity COMPLETELY .
Prof Hawking said that they believe artificial intelligence ( AI ) will eventually reach a level where it will essentially be a `` new form of life that will outperform humans '' , the Cambridge News reports .
They said : `` I fear that AI may replace humans altogether .
`` If people design computer viruses , someone will design AI that improves and replicates itself .
`` This will be a new form of life that outperforms humans . ''
The professor is also urging young people to be more interested in space - and science in general .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
The 75-year-old has also talked to WIRED magazine about their belief that we need a new space age to entice young people to get involved in science and said there would be `` serious consequences '' if more people did n't show an interest .
They added that they think a new space programme should be worked on urgently by the science community `` with a view to eventually colonising suitable planets for human habitation . ''
They continued : `` I believe we have reached the point of no return .
`` Our earth is becoming too small for us , global population is increasing at an alarming rate and we are in danger of self-destructing . ''
During the interview Prof Hawking also spoke out against Donald Trump 's travel ban and the US President 's climate change denial .
( Image : PA )
In October last year ( 2016 ) , Prof Hawking said they believed AI would either destroy or transform society .
Speaking at the launch of Cambridge University 's artificial intelligence centre last year Prof Hawking said : `` I believe there is no deep difference between what can be achieved by a biological brain and what can be achieved by a computer .
`` It therefore follows that computers can , in theory , emulate human intelligence – and exceed it .
`` Artificial intelligence is now progressing rapidly . Recent landmarks such as self-driving cars , or a computer winning at the game of Go , are signs of what is to come .
`` Enormous levels of investment are pouring into this technology . The achievements we have seen so far will surely pale against what the coming decades will bring . ”
They went on : `` The potential benefits of creating intelligence are huge . We can not predict what we might achieve , when our own minds are amplified by AI .
`` Perhaps with the tools of this new technological revolution , we will be able to undo some of the damage done to the natural world by the last one - industrialisation .
`` And surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease and poverty . Every aspect of our lives will be transformed , In short , success in creating AI , could be the biggest event in the history of our civilisation . ''
They added : `` But it could also be the last , unless we learn how to avoid the risks . Alongside the benefits , AI will also bring dangers , like powerful autonomous weapons , or new ways for the few to oppress the many . ''
Sharing may seem harmless—a helpful , good thing for society , even . But for months , “ sharing economy ” businesses like Airbnb , FlightCar , and Lyft have come under legal fire in cities such as San Francisco , New York , and Austin . This week , ridesharing companies , which match nonprofessional drivers up with paying passengers , received cease-and-desist orders from Los Angeles authorities .
Cease-and-desist orders went out to Uber , Lyft , and SideCar on Monday . A letter addressed to SideCar CEO Sunil Paul from Thomas M. Drischler , the Los Angeles Department of Transportation 's taxicab administrator , states , “ Due to the fact that your company has no permits or license to transport passengers for hire , in the interest of public safety , Sidecar , including all of its agents and contractors , is hereby directed to cease and desist from picking up passengers within the City of Los Angeles , ” according to Southern California Public Radio .
The CEOs of Uber and Lyft received similar letters . If drivers operating in coordination with these upstart ridesharing services do n't comply , they could be arrested and have their cars impounded for up to 30 days , the letters warn .
The Los Angeles Times editorial board bashed the transportation department 's move , stating that the city 's taxi regulator “ does n't have the authority ” to tell the upstart sharing economy companies to stop picking up passengers . “ Uber , Sidecar and Lyft may be disrupting the cab business , but they 're not operating cab companies , ” the editorial reads .
( MORE : The Other Complication for Airbnb and the Sharing Economy : Taxes )
SideCar 's Paul has made essentially the same argument in the past . “ SideCar is not a taxi company , ” Paul wrote earlier this year , when SideCar drivers were threatened with having their cars impounded in Philadelphia and Austin . “ SideCar is a smartphone app that instantly matches people for peer-to-peer ridesharing . SideCar drivers are regular , everyday people willing to give rides to people who need them . People pay what they want and drivers choose when they drive , how often they drive and where they go . ”
Officials cracking down on ridesharing operations claim that they 're doing so due to safety concerns . “ These companies have no permits , and that 's a real concern to us , ” Drischler said , according to the LA Times . “ That raises safety issues . ”
Others see the crackdowns on ridesharing mainly as a means to defend the turf of traditional taxi companies , which provide cities with a steady flow of tax dollars and fees for licenses and permits . On Tuesday , 200 taxi drivers circled Los Angeles City Hall and honked horns to protest ridesharing operators and implore officials to regulate or shut them down , the Associated Press reported . “ We feel like they come and steal our fares through these apps , ” one cab driver told a local TV station .
Sharing economy operations are n't necessarily opposed to all regulation . But because their business models are so new and different they think it 's unfair to lump them in with traditional companies and treat , for example , someone who occasionally rents out an extra room via Airbnb the same as a hotel .
( MORE : Kid Rock 's $ 20 Concerts : Good for Fans , Bad for Scalpers )
Arun Sundararajan , a professor at New York University 's Stern School of Business who studies the sharing economy , tends to side with the Airbnbs and Sidecars of the world . “ These are new models , and they do n't fit into the old boxes , ” Sundararajan told me recently . “ You ca n't force a business to admit it 's a taxi company when it 's not . ”
Sidecar , Lyft , and Uber have all stated that they 'll keep operating in Los Angeles . Perhaps it was just coincidence , but Sidecar seemed to thumb its nose at Los Angeles by putting the spotlight on one of its L.A. drivers on the company 's blog on Tuesday — the day after the city issued the cease-and-desist letters .
`` For me , I 'm not the expert , but I have lived it and I 've also played in this region for a long time , I 've played against Mexican teams , I understand how these teams work . The calendar is obviously tricky . If we could play during our season and [ the Liga MX ] season , it would close the gap a little , but the real issue is when you look at Mexican league teams and their rosters , player one through 25 are really , really good and they 're all making $ 600,000 , $ 800,000 , $ 1 million a year . They are … really talented one through 25 . [ MLS ] have one through six , one through eight , one through 10 players that are very good and can compete on any day , but if you really want to close that gap , I think the thing is , we 're spending extra , believe it or not . So far , [ some MLS ] teams are spending close to what Mexican teams are , we 're just spending it on a few players and they 're spending it on 15 , and that 's where the difference is . ''
Here is our list of space policy events for the week of January 1-6 , 2017 and any insight we can offer about them . The House and Senate are in session this week .
During the Week
Happy New Year ! Welcome to 2017 and , on Tuesday , to the 115th Congress . Under the Constitution , a new session of Congress begins on January 3 of each year . The second session of the 114th Congress officially will end and the first session of the 115th Congress will begin at 12:00 pm ET that day .
The House will meet at 11:00 am on Tuesday for legislative business to end the 114th Congress ( to adjourn “ sine die ” — without a day for that Congress to reconvene ) and then will meet at noon to convene the 115th Congress . They will begin with a recorded quorum call followed by the election of the Speaker of the House ( Rep. Paul Ryan is expected to win that vote ) and swearing in of the other members . The House will be composed of 241 Republicans ( a net loss of six seats ) and 194 Democrats ( a net gain of six seats ) . Several pieces of legislation are scheduled for floor action this coming week , but none related to the space program judging by their titles . They ca n't be officially introduced and assigned bill numbers until the 115th Congress convenes , but the House Majority Leader 's website lists their titles .
The Senate will meet on Tuesday in pro forma session at 11:55 am ET to close the 114th Congress . The Senate website does n't say so , but presumably it also will convene for the 115th Congress at noon and swear in its members . The Senate will be composed of 52 Republicans , 46 Democrats and 2 Independents ( Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who remained an Independent throughout their run for the Democratic presidential nomination , and Angus King of Maine ) . That is a net loss of two seats for Republicans and a net gain of two seats for Democrats . The two Independents caucus with the Democrats so it is essentially a 52-48 split .
The only hearing on either side of the Hill that we 've seen posted is on foreign cyber threats to the United States . That 's before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Thursday at 9:30 am ET . Not really space-related , but certainly of broad interest . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence Marcel Lettre III , and Commander of U.S. Cyber Command/Director , National Security Agency/Chief , Central Security Services Adm. Michael Rogers are the witnesses .
On Friday , the House and Senate will meet in joint session at 1:00 pm ET to count the Electoral College votes officially , bringing the 2016 presidential election to an end . On December 19 , the electors cast their votes . Donald Trump received 306 , Hillary Clinton 232 , making Trump the winner . Clinton won the popular vote by about 2.9 million , but in the U.S. system , it is the Electoral College vote that determines the outcome . Trump will be sworn in at noon ET on January 20 . Barack Obama remains President until then .
Outside the Beltway , the American Astronomical Society ( AAS ) will hold its winter meeting in Grapevine , TX . This is where the world 's astronomers and astrophysicists get together and discuss recent discoveries and future plans . Always fascinating , but usually one has to be there to learn about it in real time . The sessions and press conferences are not publicly webcast . Only a few are webcast for the media ( a special password is required ; instructions for obtaining it are on the conference 's website ) . However , some archived webcasts are made available later .
NASA will hold a press conference at Johnson Space Center on Wednesday to discuss two upcoming spacewalks — the first is on Friday — to upgrade the International Space Station 's electrical power system . NASA TV will cover the press conference and the spacewalk .
Those and other events we know about as of Sunday morning are shown below . Check back throughout the week for others that we learn about later and add to our Events of Interest list .
Tuesday , January 3
115th Congress convenes
Tuesday-Saturday , January 3-7
American Astronomical Society Winter Meeting , Gaylord Texan Hotel and Convention Center , Grapevine , TX
Wednesday , January 4
NASA Press Briefing on Two Upcoming Spacewalks , Johnson Space Center , 2:00 pm ET ( 1:00 pm local time ) , watch on NASA TV
Friday , January 6
Additive manufacturing is for every one . Not just big companies .
Are additive manufacturing methods meant only for high-end product companies like large aerospace , automotive or medical devices companies and/or hobbyists ? NOT ANY MORE . It is getting to be more mainstream in almost all industries regardless of complexity , sophistication , segment or size .
Why is it that some industries are benefitting more from additive manufacturing than others ? One big reason is that they have learnt the lessons to design differently for 3D printing . Here we will talk about how product designing processes have to be different .
The set of “ Design Principles ” traditionally used must be revisited to take full advantage of additive manufacturing/3D printing .
Traditional design principles will not work with 3DP
The following traditional design principles will not apply when you are designing to leverage 3D printing .
Existing designs can be tried for additive manufacturing effectiveness . This approach is most likely to fail because existing design was designed for traditional manufacturing methods .
Avoid complex shapes in products ; use simple geometries for DFM considerations .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
Traditional manufacture may require a lot of machining for a complex shape like this , but with 3D printing this product is straightforward to design and print .
Doing multiple iterations to optimize design is very time consuming and expensive in traditional manufacturing .
Since additive manufacturing does not involve expensive tooling for making the part you could run iterations to optimize your design within a short span , compared to traditional methods
Using multiple materials in one part is almost impossible without very complex manufacturing and/or assembly methods .
Standard parts are better than custom parts for subtractive manufacturing . In additive manufacturing , parts are made anew every time . There is no such thing as a 3D printed standard part .
Additive manufacturing aficionados have to give up their fixation on materials . They can not afford to have statements such as “ all our parts have to be in aluminium only ” . Additive manufacturing can come up with high rigidity by using composites . Carbon fiber reinforcement is very much a reality . Open minds will pave the way not only for newer materials , but also gain weight reductions as a bonus .
There is this standard notion that “ 3D printing is expensive ” . It will not be expensive if we consider the total applied cost ( which includes tooling costs , lead times , inventory carrying costs , factory footprint savings , productivity levels , etc ) .
All these may appear difficult to the uninitiated . But the benefits are substantial . Imagine the advantages of replacing an engineering process costing $ 800 and taking 10 days with another more elegant solution that costs only $ 200 and takes only 2 days . If such economies are in fact realisable , how many different processes in your work place could you deploy additive manufacturing to gain competitive advantage ?
Let us talk specifics . Here is a design example to understand this better . Consider a drill jig for drilling axial holes in a spherical object in all the three axes . The idea here is that one first drills a hole by centering the sphere in a conical locator and locates the first drilled hole on two pins resting on the V block and repeat the same exercise on another orientation for the third axis .
Part drawing
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
A traditionally made and assembled Jig may look like this . This design is a representative of the idea and will need some more work to ensure clamping and other requirements .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
A 3D printed jig will be a lot easier to make with just two parts .
1 ) A structure to locate the parts , the pins and the jig bush .
2 ) The jig bush itself .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
Design steps for Additive Manufacturing
The design steps in Fusion 360 will be :
Create the base with the conical locator and the V groove for the pins . And locate the bush at the correct position . Generate a ring body around the bush to house the bush .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
Generate the starting area of the pillars on the top surface of the base plate . Generate a plane normal to the base and at 45 deg to the edge of the plate where you can draw the spline path for the pillar . Create a plane normal to the spline path at the end of the spline close to the jig bush .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
You can generate a new body by lofting the starting area of the pillars and the profile at the termination end , along the spline path to create a new body . Generate a circular pattern of the new body to get the four pillars .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
Combine the bodies – the base plate , the ring around the jig bush and the pillars to get one body and convert to a component and the job is done .
Image © Stratnel Technologies LLP
Shift in design paradigm for 3D printing
Designers have to be innovative and think out of the box when designing for 3D printing . This is new learning and challenges the traditional concepts learnt so far by designers . Of course , additive manufacturing does challenge traditional manufacturing and designers have to make suitable changes in their thinking in order to be successful .
a picture 's worth a thousand birds What if there had never been a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ? [ SLIDESHOW ]
Photo : EPA
Burning automobile batteries ! Toxic runoff ! Smog thick as Zach Galifianakis ‘ s mighty beard !
It 's 2010 , and this is the world we would have inherited had not President Richard M. Nixon signed the Environmental Protection Agency into law forty years ago today .
A trove of images released by the EPA to commemorate the agency 's 40th anniversary depicts the world of the 1960 's , a time when China-like levels of environmental degradation were widespread across America . At a time when the powers of the EPA are once again under assault , it 's worth contemplating the alternative to a government capable of acting in the people 's interests to prevent environmental destruction : urban environments so polluted that their sorry state was a precipitating factor in America 's flight to the suburbs .
Hit the “ next ” button , below , to roll through a gallery of what was – and could have been .
The decentralized exchange is the holy grail of any blockchain system , and are sorely needed in the ecosystem .
This was demonstrated most recently by the recent Bitfinex hack . These attacks can be avoided using a decentralized exchange . One group of developers taking up the challenge is EtherDelta . This is a decentralized exchange operating on the Ethereum network .
We sat down with lead developer Zack Coburn to talk about their project and what motivates them .
Q1 . Zack , decentralized markets are important . What was your inspiration and motivation to build one ?
“ From Mt . Gox to Bitfinex , it 's almost a fact of life now that a centralized exchange will get hacked . Or a rogue insider will steal the money ( ShapeShift ) . Or the founder themselves will run away ( Cryptsy ) . Or regulators will force a [ shutdown ] ( Colbitex , Coinflip , and others ) . Given all this , a decentralized exchange is almost a necessity….This is the inspiration and motivation behind EtherDelta . ”
Q2 . Zach , why did you choose to use Ethereum ? Have you built any other projects with the Ethereum technology ?
“ When I tried tinkering with Bitcoin in 2014 , I realized its scripting language was severely limiting . I saw Vitalik Buterin 's Ethereum project and realized how powerful its Turing-complete smart contract language was going to be ... Etherboost hit the ground running in March ... This was followed by EtherDelta and PredictionToken ( formerly known as OutcomeCoin ) in July and August . EtherDelta is a decentralized exchange for Ether and Ethereum tokens . ”
Q3 . Explain the technical process of building a decentralized exchange with Ethereum .
“ My process has three stages : plan/write the smart contract , design a complete set of tests for the smart contract , and finally create the user interface . Writing the smart contract is the most technical part of the process . There are a lot of important design decisions to make at this stage ... it 's important to be prepared to explain the differences to new users . ”
Q4 . Who is in your team and what experience / expertise do they bring ?
“ I graduated from Olin College with a degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering in 2010 and started working as an options trader at a trading firm in Chicago . I quit my job as an options trader in June 2015 and started working on startups full-time ... I started focusing exclusively on Ethereum projects at the beginning of 2016 ... Besides Etherboost , I 'm also the chief architect for FirstBlood , a decentralized eSports rewards platform built on Ethereum .
Recently Etherboost 's development team has started to expand as we 've brought on Yadi Miao as a full time intern . Yadi has programming experience ... He will be working on a complete decentralized application that will be released under the Etherboost umbrella . ”
Q5 . What is the roadmap for the project ? What are the short/medium term goals ?
“ The short term goals are all about marketing , onboarding users , and increasing liquidity . There are still plenty of people who do n't know about EtherDelta ... With Mist Browser and MetaMask coming out recently , it 's gotten a lot easier to use Ethereum dapps . We need to show people how easy it is to install MetaMask , buy some Ether through MetaMask , and immediately start trading on EtherDelta .
The medium term goals involve pushing our own new and innovative tokens , PredictionToken and EthereumDollar .
The long term goals involve new and innovative trading technologies ... The sky is the limit , but we expect EtherDelta will be the bread and butter business , so we 're going to focus on it first . ”
Q6 . How is the project financed ?
“ Etherboost is completely self-funded at this point . It will probably remain so for the time being . ”
Almost ten years into blockchain technology and centralized operators are still the primary means of exchange . This has obviously been a major pain point for the ecosystem . However , projects like EtherDelta hold great promise for delivering this truly important piece of infrastructure to the crypto-economy .
In Ann Arbor , Michigan , the local housing commission is completing floor-by-floor renovations in the five-story Baker Commons public housing facility with the goal of reducing energy use at least 20 percent . In Pittsburgh , Uptown Lofts — affordable housing opened in February 2015 by the nonprofit ACTION-Housing Inc . to provide homes for young adults phasing out of foster care and low-income workers — is designed to be capable of generating enough renewable energy to meet or exceed its annual energy demand .
Both projects provide healthful living for residents , thanks to good ventilation and stable inside temperatures , while minimizing utility bills .
“ The improvements have made things better , ” says Baker Commons resident Carolyn Miller , a former bookkeeper who now runs a lunch program and food pantry in the building . “ The apartment stays warmer due to energy-efficient windows . I have also noticed when the system is running , it is n't as loud as it used to be . ”
Improved energy efficiency has long been an option — and a money-saver — for those who can afford the up-front costs . But , the close to 5 million American households that call some form of low-income housing home , usually renters in multifamily buildings , are less likely than others to be able to afford or be empowered to make changes that in the long run would save both energy and money . So , ironically , they often pay the highest energy bills . A 2015 study by the nonprofit partnership Energy Efficiency For All suggests that implementing energy-efficiency programs across a spectrum of affordable housing types could result in cost-effective energy savings of 15 to 30 percent , which even at the low end would represent large reductions in usage and savings .
But who gets the ball rolling ? Low-income households ca n't afford improvements . Equally important , they are bound to rental agreements and , depending on their building 's metering and heating system , they may not have direct control over energy bills . In addition , the improvements needed to reach cost-effective energy savings vary widely depending on the age and condition of the buildings , so building or retrofitting for energy efficiency involves case-by-case consultation with building energy specialists .
Emerging trends in retrofitting existing low-income housing for energy efficiency , novel designs for new low-income energy efficient housing , and innovations in financing , collaboration and policy are starting to turn that picture around .
Benefits for Retrofits
Building owners and residents could save US $ 3.4 billion per year by making energy-efficiency upgrades in existing multifamily housing in the U.S. , according to a 2012 study by CNT Energy and the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy . But while that may make energy upgrades seem like a logical choice , it 's not so simple . As Coreina Chan and Jacob Corvidae of the energy think tank Rocky Mountain Institute put it , improving energy efficiency in low-income housing is “ a wicked problem in a complicated field. ” Many stakeholders — tenants , landlords , utility companies , creditors and more — are involved , each with its own set of goals . The scale and size of properties varies greatly as well , so upgrades that make sense in one building may not in another . And when it comes to issues such as regulatory policy and technological choices , “ the world is rapidly changing , ” says Chan .
At the same time , though , that rapid change offers advantages . New business models and strategies for encouraging adoption of energy-efficiency-boosting retrofits are beginning to surface , thanks in part to the work of new forums such as the Network for Energy , Water , and Health in Affordable Buildings .
Besides creative thinking , science and facts also are needed for new approaches to retrofitting for energy efficiency to gain traction.In the forums , parties that otherwise might never talk to each other share information and together shape tangible solutions specific to their local context . Mortgage collectors or lenders , for instance , learn to see the benefits of upgrades by talking directly with building owners . Or utility companies learn to better forecast long-term profits that might accrue by investing in new technologies or switching to different metering systems . Through these conversations , the low-income housing sector becomes less a case of charity and a more viable market with great economic potential .
“ The forums create fertile ground for stronger , unified answers for the energy and affordable housing problem , ” Corvidae says .
Besides creative thinking , science and facts also are needed for new approaches to retrofitting for energy efficiency to gain traction . Northeast Energy Efficiency Partnerships , a nonprofit in Lexington , Massachusetts , provides local data that help stakeholders such as building owners , utility companies and policy-makers to take a long view . Some housing agencies invest in properties for 20-plus years at once , and can thus consider capital improvements with a relatively long payback period . This is what happened in Michigan , where the Ann Arbor Housing Commission has committed to make over 400 units of their affordable multifamily housing , including Baker Commons , more energy efficient . Darren Port , building energy codes manager at NEEP , says clear data is helping convince utility companies to accept long-horizon paybacks as well .
“ It is in their direct interest to invest in efficiencies , ” Port says . “ As the demand for power grows they have to generate more , but it is far more expensive to build new stations than to save energy in existing services. ” And since multifamily housing units tend to be concentrated , utilities maximize their savings by addressing these before investing in detached , single-family homes .
Covering both public and multifamily private housing under several programs , the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development offers funds to housing agencies and building owners to update low-income housing . However , the money is limited and follows strict priorities : “ A lot of old buildings have environmental health hazards like asbestos , mold or lead that need to be addressed first , ” says Jason Bing of the Ecology Center , a nonprofit organization working with AAHC in Ann Arbor , Michigan , on two new affordable housing projects intended to be model examples of green and healthy residential construction .
In response , many state governments are creating their own funds to finance affordable housing energy upgrades . After Sacramento Municipal Utility District in California launched a residential energy efficiency retrofit program in 2010 , Sacramento 's housing agency received utility financing of over US $ 1 million by committing to complete multifamily building rehabs resulting in reduced energy consumption by 25 to 30 percent .
One-stop non-profit shops such as Elevate Energy are also helping encourage energy efficiency upgrades of existing low-income units by educating owners , utility companies , financial institutions and potential other investors on non-energy benefits , which are any positive consequences accompanying energy upgrades outside of saving energy . For example , the increased comfort low-income households gain through the retrofits reduces stress and makes them more productive at work . When utility bills are low , residents are more comfortable to buy food . A 2000 Children 's Health Watch study shows that decreasing the burden of energy costs has been shown to have positive effects on young children . Residents are also more likely to stay in their homes instead of looking for cheaper alternatives , which benefits building owners . Stability , in turn , may benefit the local economy — creating a win for everyone .
“ Reduced energy bills do n't just lift an enormous burden for low-income folks , ” says Bing . “ A cascade of layered benefits accompany energy efficiency . ”
Incentive and Scale
New construction of affordable housing has also entered an exciting new phase thanks to novel programs , policies and technologies .
These days , for-profit as well as non-profit affordable-housing developers produce approximately 90 percent of new low-income housing projects in the United States , capitalizing on the federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credit . Some state-controlled housing finance agencies , which distribute the credits through a point scoring system , are using the competitive nature of the tax credits —just one-quarter to one-third of projects are funded on average — to encourage developers to advance energy efficiency . One way to do this is by giving preference to builders who commit to meeting third-party certified green-building standards . Uptown Lofts , for example , received tax credits from Pennsylvania in part by opting to meet Passive House Institute US energy-efficiency criteria .
Other green building certification programs have been appearing in other state plans that allocate the LIHTCs to developers , including Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for Neighborhood Development , EarthCraft and Enterprise Green Communities . All emphasize energy efficiency ; some also include toxin-free , durable materials and water conservation , or , say , community infrastructure for biking and walking . In Minneapolis , a mixed-income property , The Rose , opened last year designed to be 75 percent more energy efficient than code requirements and built using Living Building Challenge standards as a guide . And the Virginia Housing Development Authority 's strong incentives for energy efficiency in allocating LIHTCs has resulted in more than 13,500 apartments in Virginia certified under EarthCraft energy standards , where households are welcoming energy savings of $ 54 per month on average compared with similar homes built without the green standard .
But are energy-efficient new buildings more expensive to build , even with tax credits in hand ? Not necessarily . Up-front costs decrease when numerous projects commit .
“ You can never say , a building should only cost this much . It always depends on the location and circumstances , ” says Tim McDonald , a licensed architect and associate professor at Temple University in Philadelphia , who has been involved in efforts to expand Passive House standard programming . “ But you can speak to scale . Demand drives pricing . ”
McDonald points to the cost of triple-glazed windows : They used to come from Europe , which made them expensive , but they are now being made in the U.S , which reduces overall building costs . The sharing of ideas and tools among developers all learning about energy-efficient building practices also generates cost efficiency , McDonald says . It 's with this awareness that states such as Pennsylvania have initiated larger concentrations of net-zero capable affordable housing or that California launched an action plan in 2015 requiring that by 2020 all new homes — affordable and otherwise — produce as much energy as they consume .
In Ann Arbor , where the housing commission has a waiting list of more than 500 , a new affordable housing project is breaking ground this spring in which 20 old single-family detached units will make room for 42 townhouse-style units . West Arbor , as the project is called , will comply with the standards of Enterprise Green Communities as included in Michigan 's LIHTC allocation plan .
Here as well , sharing matters : The vision for West Arbor reaches beyond just being a green building for low-income residents and actively includes the wider community . High-school students are creating videos that serve as manuals for West Arbor residents to learn how to use energy-efficient technologies , such as heating and ventilation , inside their units for maximum comfort and cost savings . Middle-schoolers learn about green design working with an architect on plans for West Arbor 's climate-resilient community center . The activities help youth to understand what sustainability , low income and energy mean .
“ We really believe , if we are going to make changes locally , we need to do everything we can to get as many stakeholders involved as possible , ” Bing says .
We may have no choice . Across the board , residential and commercial buildings account for 41 percent of the country 's total energy consumption , and 45 percent of greenhouse gas emissions are related to the building industry . To avoid dangerous climate change , no building is exempt .
Using thousands of handcrafted porcelain shards , Israeli born artist Zemer Peled ( previously here and here ) produces large-scale sculptures that are densely textured . The works change depending on one 's stance , at once looking as if they are made with soft feathers or sharp spines . In either circumstance the pieces reflect the natural world , imitating swirling wind patterns or rolling planes of grass .
“ The forms are never static ; the visual dance of sharp ceramic parts conveys a sense of constant movement , ” explains Mark Moore Gallery . “ Like a murmuration of starlings , the sculptures appear to shift shapes as you move around them , an identity becoming and unbecoming in front of you . ”
A solo exhibition of Peled 's work , “ Nomad , ” is currently on display at Mark Moore Gallery in Los Angeles through October 29 . You can see more of the artists work on their website and Instagram . ( via Colossal Submissions )
For those looking to get a little more into the Mickey spirit when they sit down to play Disney 's upcoming Wii release Epic Mickey , PDP has just the item for you .
Performance Designed Products has created an Epic Mickey-themed Wii Remote Charge Station and an Epic Mickey Paintbrush controller to launch right alongside the game . Now you can swing your paintbrush around as if you 're really inside the amazing world of Epic Mickey .
You can check out the press release snippet below for a bit more information on these two products and of course we 'll be putting them through their paces when they arrive to us .
Epic Mickey follows the adventures of Disney 's beloved character as they venture into the Wasteland with magical paintbrush in hand to right the wrongs within the animated landscape . To celebrate Mickey 's return , PDP is creating two very special items to complement the game : a Paintbrush controller and a Wii remote charging system . Epic Mickey Remote Charging System Charge your Wii Remote controller and illuminate the night with the Epic Mickey Wii Remote Charging System . This iconic collectible features our mischievous hero , Mickey Mouse , and their nemesis , the Evil Blot . Wii Remote Controller Charger
Batteries Included
Collectable design with official Epic Mickey theme
Removable Mickey Mouse Figure
Light-Up Head
Rubber Texture for Safety
Charges with Leash attached Epic Mickey Paintbrush secondary controller for the Nintendo Wii System
From 1967 to 2006 , Israel uprooted an estimated 2.5 million trees in the occupied territories Palestinian Pundit April 19 , 2010
From 1967 to 1999 , Israel uprooted an estimated 1,000,000 trees in the OT , and an additional 1,405,658 trees from 2000-2006 ( source : Status of the Environment , Applied Research Institute  Jerusalem ( ARIJ ) , 2007 )
On the uprooting of trees following the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 , Meron Benvenisti wrote :
`` The destruction of hundreds of thousands of dunams of fruit-bearing trees does not fit Israels self-image as a society that knows how to `` make the desert bloom . '' And the contention that the green Arab landscape had been destroyed because of the necessity of adapting the crops to the agricultural practices of the Jews only underscores the conclusion that it was not the war that had caused this devastation , but rather the disappearance of the specific human community that had shaped the landscape in accordance with its needs and preferences . ( `` Sacred Landscape , '' Berkeley : University of California Press , 2000 ; p. 165 )
And :
Report : 14000 Palestinian olive trees subjected to Israeli aggression in 2009
A Palestinian research centre , specialised in monitoring Israeli violations , revealed that the Israeli occupation authorities destroyed 14000 olive trees in the Palestinian territories during 2009 . Such assaults included the uprooting of thousands of olive trees , for the sake of expanding the Israeli settlements , and the burning and cutting of thousands more by settlers .
: : Article nr . 65231 sent on 20-apr-2010 04:08 ECT
www.uruknet.info ? p=65231
Link : palestinianpundit.blogspot.com/2010/04/from-1967-to-2006-israel-uprooted.html # li
nks
: : The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out-of-topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include ( ./share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream : No such file or directory in /home/content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path= ' . : /usr/local/php5_4/lib/php ' ) in /home/content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [ Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto/Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie/All news ]
Clarkstown police today are investigating a home invasion robbery in New City , where a man reported they were confronted by two armed men who tied them up .
Police said investigators are trying to determine what was taken in the robbery , which took place shortly before 11 a.m. at 4 Barbara Road .
Police said the victim called police after they managed to break free . The victim was not injured in the attack , but suffered a slight injury while breaking free . They did not need medial attention , police said .
The two men involved in the attack were seen leaving the house on foot , however , police said a dark sedan may have been involved in the incident . Clarkstown police officers and a town K-9 unit searched the area without any immediate results . Rockland County 's emergency helicopter was in the air at the time , but there was not enough information to bring the helicopter into the investigation .
Clarkstown police said the investigation , so far , has only a limited description of the attackers . One attacker was only described as a Hispanic man , while the other was described as a black man in their 30s , about 5-foot-8 to 5-foot-10 , wearing a cap and dark clothing .
The Clarkstown police crime scene unit and town detectives were investigating the incident . Police said they were also coping with a language barrier while interviewing the victim .
Versatile All Blacks prop Ben Franks is tipped to join British club London Irish after this year 's World Cup .
Reports in the British media have linked the 30-year-old to a shift north as part of what is expected to be an exodus of ageing All Blacks stars after their attempt to defend the World Cup in England in September and October .
Heading north : All Blacks prop Ben Franks has been linked with a move to London Irish after the World Cup . Credit : Getty Images
Props are in demand in England . Former All Black John Afoa is on a $ 1m-a-season deal with Gloucester , and Franks ' ability to play on both sides of the scrum increases their value .
Frank has played 41 Tests for the All Blacks since 2008 , although 35 of those have been off the bench , another sign of the Hurricanes front-rower 's value in covering the demanding tighthead and loosehead positions .
Guardiola : My wife causes me more trouble than Robben
The former Barcelona boss has revealed that their spouse is critical of their propensity for constantly tinkering with a winning team .
The former Barcelona coach often rests high-profile names such as Dutchman due to the Bavarians ' busy schedule .
However , Guardiola 's spouse believes that their husband would be better of sticking with a winning lineup .
`` My wife Cristina often complains about my tactics , '' the former Spain international told reporters . `` She keeps on telling me that I should stick with the players who won the last match .
`` Exlaining them my rotation system is much harder than telling Arjen Robben that they will have to settle for a spot on the bench ... ''
Guardiola is widely regarded as one of the top coaches in the game but they have admitted that they were not sure they would enjoy such a successful beginning to their Bayern career .
`` There 's not a single coach out there who can guarantee success at the start of the season , '' they pointed out . `` There is no magic formula to win .
`` Football would be like a shopping mall if that was the case . Everybody would come in and just pick the part they need . But there would be no challenge in that . ''
Guardiola replaced Jupp Heynckes as Bavaria boss last summer and the Bavarians are currently perfectly place to successfully defend their Bundelisga , DFB-Pokal and Champions League titles . Follow GOAL.COM on Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola has joked that they have more trouble justifying their rotation policy to their wife Cristina than the likes of Arjen Robben The former Barcelona coach often rests high-profile names such as Dutchman due to the Bavarians ' busy schedule.However , Guardiola 's spouse believes that their husband would be better of sticking with a winning lineup . `` My wife Cristina often complains about my tactics , '' the former Spain international told reporters . `` She keeps on telling me that I should stick with the players who won the last match . `` Exlaining them my rotation system is much harder than telling Arjen Robben that they will have to settle for a spot on the bench ... '' Guardiola is widely regarded as one of the top coaches in the game but they have admitted that they were not sure they would enjoy such a successful beginning to their Bayern career . `` There 's not a single coach out there who can guarantee success at the start of the season , '' they pointed out . `` There is no magic formula to win . `` Football would be like a shopping mall if that was the case . Everybody would come in and just pick the part they need . But there would be no challenge in that . `` Guardiola replaced Jupp Heynckes as Bavaria boss last summer and the Bavarians are currently perfectly place to successfully defend their Bundelisga , DFB-Pokal and Champions League titles .
Smart TVs : Not Such A Smart Idea
from the Temporal-Pre-crime dept
A Smart TV is a TV that includes at least a rudimentary OS , access to web and Internet functions , and streaming content . They have been a hot product category at the last two CES shows , and the rumor that Apple is about to launch one is adding fuel to the fire . The Apple rumor is somewhat reliable , since it is partly based on a quote from the Steve Jobs biography where Jobs say of the Smart TV : `` I finally cracked it . `` But having looked closely at the offerings at CES , and comparing them to the mobile phone industry , I do n't believe that the entire concept of putting extensive intelligence into the TV is a wise one . The reason is mostly because of the temporal mismatch between the lifetime of a TV , and the lifetime of a mobile device , mobile OS , or mobile processor . You see , people want large screen TVs , and these are expensive investments . The main screen in most American homes runs around $ 1,100 . And those screens are designed to have a half-life of around 60,000 hours of viewing . Now , it 's not clear how long the average consumer will keep a 1080p TV bought in 2012 , but I 'd suppose that 10 years is not a ridiculous guess , so humor me and work with 10 years.So if there is one component of the Smart TV that costs $ 1,100 and lasts most people about 10 years , does it make sense to mate it to the `` smart '' part ? The cost of the `` smartness '' is fairly easy to estimate : A Roku box , Google TV box , or Apple TV box run around $ 70- $ 100 , a Boxee box goes for around $ 200 . So , the `` smart '' factor runs between $ 70 and $ 200 street price . But what is the life-cycle of the average `` smart '' device ? For that , I look to the phone market , where people cycle their smartphones every two years . Apple fans line up at the store to replace their one or two year old 3GS for a 4G because of added features and function . On Android and iOS alike , the latest OS versions , features and apps only work on the latest hardware . Does anyone here have an old phone or smartphone sitting in a drawer ? Yes ? Do you want to do the same with your $ 1,100 TV investment ? It 's a given that a TV is not a smartphone , but for now we 're asking them to do similar tasks : apps , streaming media , social updates , etc . The Internet performance of the TVs will become out of date like smartphones do . Tying relatively cheap , 2-3 year life-cycle smarts to an expensive 10 year product just does n't make sense.It seems the obvious solution is already here : keep the TV dumb , and provide a set-top box ( STB ) that has the smarts . The STB can thus be replaced cheaply , once out of date . Consumers can easily have more than one STB , not committing to any one company 's ecosystem . Do people really want to buy their TV 's by ecosystem ? `` Hey , I love this Sony 's picture , price , and size ... but I want an iCloud , so I 'll buy this smaller TV instead . `` Really , the Smart TV is just a sales vehicle dreamt up and promoted by the TV OEMs . They had a bang-up decade updating everyone to flat panels , then pushing the upgrade to 1080P . They 've had less success with 3D , and are looking for the hook to make another upgrade worthwhile . For now , Smart is it . But I doubt customers are eager to jump on , given they can just buy a STB . Even those actively looking for a TV may resist if there is a price premium , given most Blu-ray players and many cable or telco STBs already provide smart features . The TV OEMs are going to have to bundle in the smarts for free , and hope that they can make money back on the content ecosystem . But will they enjoy ecosystem lock-in for 10 years , or less ? So far , the Smart TVs sold to market are too new to have suffered from the life-cycle mismatch . The earliest Smart TVs can still compete on level ground with the latest , since it 's only been a year or so since they 've been in shops . But it wo n't be long until we start hearing complaints from those customers that `` I ca n't stream that resolution . '' or `` Why ca n't I watch programs with that new MP4 codec ? '' or `` That app does n't work for me . Why ca n't I get the latest OS on my TV ? '' Some of those people will end up with a newer STB , and just obviate the smarts that had been built into their TV , much the same way most of us do n't use the TV tuner that is bundled with our sets.Ultimately , whatever the problem that Steve Jobs `` cracked '' , or whatever smarts are provided by Sony , Google , LG , Samsung , etc . I think those smarts will be better placed in a STB ( or tablet , or other smart device ) than in a TV .
Filed Under : set-top boxes , smart tvs , tv
I 'm celebrating everyday for free like a billionaire.Are you celebrating yours ? Everybody is decorating the world everyday for me , so that I can celebrate my festival with luxury and wit.I 'm here to enjoy . Are n't you doing so ?
I 'm sure you are surprised the way I 'm presenting my celebrations.But believe me guys ; life is a carnival , we 've seen it from above and prayed God to send us on the Earth , so that we can enjoy this carnival too .
We are not here to earn and collect money , stress and precious stones.Universe is making them everyday , every-moment for everyone . We 're here to celebrate the festival of life .
Life is a brook of energy and hence it creates different views , scenes and sounds at different times and does not repeat them until billions of years.Hence every moment is precious and exclusive .
Living your life is primary activity.Earning money is secondary.But unfortunately the majority of population inverse the concept of living , they make earning of money primary activity and living secondary .
This Earth is heaven , full of beautiful flowers , tree and to make it bright and full of life , Universe has provided us infinite celestial bodies which keep on illuminating the Earth.While I 'm writing this , I 'm feeling that I should collect all the beautiful moments and present them to you .
We should enjoy every micro moments of our life , but you will be surprised that almost no one knows when this festival of life comes , starts and renders pleasure .
The Festival of Life
The festival of life comes everyday with the dawn and call of rooster.Everyday of life is a festival must be celebrated without a compromise .
How to Enjoy This Festival ?
The very first rule to enjoy the festival of life is to have determination to make every day the best day of your life .
“ It 's not money which will make your life meaningful.it 's life which will make your money meaningful ” -Rajesh Walecha .
With the start of the day make a plan for how many hours , you 'll remain happy irrespective of the circumstances .
We usually chase priorities , which cause stress and we skip that we 're in festival of our life.Always start your day with something new . When you 'll start your day with something new , it 'll give you an excitement.The new can be anything even planting of a new plant in your kitchen garden.You can plan to gift small surprise to your family and partner .
The very important part of festival of life is , to listen music of your choice everyday.If it is not possible then listen chirping of birds . This will relax your brain and give you happiness.Chirping of birds is a natural music and produces wonderful results and takes your brain to alpha level .
The minor one but plays a major role in celebrations of life ‘ s festival.Irrespective of your busy schedule freeze the time slot to enjoy your tea and juice time with your partner or family . This act looks minor but produces spectacular bonding between the relations and so the happiness .
This is your festival , make it beautiful by searching happiness in every act everyday , every-moment .
.
Advertisements
Japanese whisky was once considered a novelty crowded out by Scottish offerings , but this perspective changed radically two years ago after renowned spirits writer Jim Murray named Yamazaki 's Sherry Cask Single-Malt 2013 the best in the world in their Whisky Bible . “ It was a wake-up call to Scotland that they 're not being as creative and innovative , ” explains Bill Thomas , owner of Jack Rose Dining Saloon in Washington , D.C. , which has one of the largest whisky collections in the country . It includes an impressive Japanese selection of bottles from the major brands that export to the U.S. , like Suntory , Nikka , and Chichibu . “ Now Japanese whisky it has gotten the exposure it long deserved , ” they add .
Although rooted in Scottish methods of fermenting and distilling malted barley and aging it in oak casks , the Japanese have developed their own approach to making whisky that emphasizes continuous improvements over long-held tradition . The first Japanese whisky was made in 1924 at Yamazaki distillery outside the old imperial city of Kyoto , a region renowned for its clear running waters . It was the product of a meeting between two men , Shinjiro Torii and Masataka Taketsuru . The latter came from a long line of sake brewers and had studied chemistry with the intention of carrying on the family tradition . Their employer , a Japanese liquor company , sent them to Scotland to immerse themselves in the whisky tradition . They studied at the University of Glasgow and completed some distillery apprenticeships . When they returned to Japan in 1920 with dreams of malt and mash , they found that their original sponsor had a shift in priorities and scuttled their plans to manufacture whisky .
Fortuitously , they were recruited by Shinjiro Torii to help plan a whisky distillery . Torii was an entrepreneurial visionary who had expanded a small imported wine shop into a company named Kotobukiya ( now Suntory ) . Their moderate success selling a fortified wine designed for the Japanese palate had emboldened them to create a whisky that would appeal to them too . It was an especially ambitious bet in a marketplace dominated by sake at the time .
The Yamazaki distillery is still in operation today . Suntory ages their whisky in different barrels made of different woods and sizes and then expertly blends them to create exceptionally balanced single-malts . They use mizunara oak , which is used only in Japan , to add subtle smoky flavor and hints of tropical fruit and coconut . Yamazaki 's single-malts are available , although hard to find due to high demand , in the United States . Suntory later opened another distillery , Hakushu , in the forest of Mt . Kaikomagatake , Their single-malts are also available stateside and have hints of green apple , jasmine soft and vanilla with a dry finish . Both Yamazaki and Hakushu whiskies are blended together to produce Suntory 's Hibiki line of blended whisky .
Although the story of Japanese whisky starts with Suntory 's Yamazaki distillery , it does n't end there . After a ten-year contract , Taketsuru left to build the distillery of their dreams in what they considered the perfect location—Hokkaido , an island in the far north with a rough climate similar to Scotland . The Yoichi distillery , built in 1934 , was the beginning of Nikka , the other major player in the Japanese whisky industry . Nikka later opened a second distillery in Miyagikyo . Nikka 's single-malts of various ages are all named after the distillery where they are made . In terms of blends , a particularly notable Nikka product is Coffey Grain , a blended grain whisky with notes of vanilla and hazelnut . ( `` Coffey '' is a reference to part of the separation process , not the beverage . )
Now , some new distillers are challenging the reign of Suntory and Nikka . Chichibu in hilly Saitama Prefecture about two hours outside Tokyo , released its first single-malt in 2012 . The whisky was aged in mostly old bourbon barrels and one mizunara Japanese oak cask . Eigashima , a shochu and sake producer , also operates the White Oak whisky distillery along the coast about an hour outside Kobe .
With more and more Japanese whiskies appearing on the U.S. market , Bill Thomas has some advice for those willing to explore it : “ You just need to try each one and buy as much of it as you like now because prices are just going up . ”
Conley 's personal best in the 5,000 meters was 16 minutes 17 seconds when they graduated from U.C . Davis in 2009 with a degree in exercise science . At the national championships a year ago , they placed 10th in 15:38.13 . By April , they had lowered their time to 15:24.89 . Conley credited their improvement to their work the past four years with Drew Wartenburg , the Aggies ' director of cross-country and track and field .
Photo
“ We have that one shared vision , and Drew 's really inspired me , ” they said .
The women 's Olympic A standard in the 5,000 meters is 15:20 . On the final turn , Conley was boxed in and several meters behind the third-place runner .
“ I heard Drew 's voice , and I snapped out of feeling sorry for myself , ” they said .
Conley began picking off the runners ahead of them and with a desperate lunge at the finish , they secured the final Olympic berth in 15:19.79 . They were four-hundredths of a second ahead of the fourth-place finisher .
“ Every time I watch a replay of the finish , the way the camera angle is , it does n't look like I did it , ” Conley said .
Upon returning from Eugene , Conley turned onto their West Sacramento street , a 10-minute drive from the Davis campus , and did a double take . A neighbor with U.C . Davis ties had done some exterior decorating . The walkway leading to Conley 's house was lined with miniature American flags . Red , white and blue tinsel hung like Spanish moss . On the front door there was a homemade sign with the Olympic rings that read , “ Welcome Home , Olympian . ”
At that moment , it really hit Conley what they had done .
“ How do you justify calling yourself a professional athlete if you ca n't earn a living off it yet ? ” Conley said , adding , “ Now I feel like I can justify what I 'm doing . ”
So , finally , can Weltz . After graduating in 2010 with a degree in economics , they said they did not know how to respond to people who asked what they did .
Photo
“ I 'm not a guy who 's going to say , ‘ I 'm training to go to the Olympics , ' ” they said .
Weltz placed 38th at the 2008 trials in the 200-meter breaststroke . They had never posted a top-eight finish at a senior national meet . In 2010 , shortly after Weltz 's college eligibility expired , U.C . Davis dropped the men 's swim program , which left them with no male training partners .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Weltz beat Brendan Hansen , the former world-record holder in the 200 breaststroke , and Eric Shanteau , the American-record holder , at the trials . Frank Busch , the national team director for U.S.A . Swimming , described Weltz 's victory as proof that the rags-to-riches narrative fueling the American dream had not run out of steam .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Over a post-workout breakfast last Thursday at a diner popular with students , Weltz said the attention lavished on their achievement had caught them off guard .
“ It seems kind of weird , ” they said , “ because if I had not made the Olympic team no one would have made a big deal about it , but I would have been devastated . ”
So confident of Weltz 's Olympic prospects were the people close to them that they were left off the July work schedule for the AquaMonsters recreational swim team that they help coach .
“ I hear people talk about how this guy came out of nowhere , ” Weltz said , referring to himself , “ but that 's not how we looked at it . ”
Photo
The man who planted the Olympic seed in Weltz 's mind and nurtured it until it bore fruit was their coach , Peter Motekaitis , a former U.C . Davis record holder who has worked with the women 's program since the men 's team was disbanded .
It was Motekaitis 's idea to place a training device , a thick chip about the size of a quarter , inside Weltz 's swimming cap during breaststroke sets . Motekaitis programmed the device so it would make a beeping sound every 16.125 seconds , which is the pace Weltz needed to maintain for each 25-meter segment of their 200 breaststroke to achieve their goal time . So even though they were training alone , Weltz essentially had a daily partner that was pushing them to a 2:09 pace , which they and Motekaitis figured would put them in the mix for an Olympic spot .
“ That was the goal time , ” Weltz said , adding , “ It gave me a lot of confidence knowing I can keep up with the beep and the beep 's better than my competition . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the 200 breaststroke final at the trials , Weltz clocked a 2:09.01 , almost a second faster than the runner-up Clark Burckle . Motekaitis promptly reprogrammed the training device .
“ I 've got it set on a 2:08 pace now , ” they said . “ So we 'll see . ”
Weltz wore a U.C . Davis T-shirt during the 200 breaststroke medal ceremony and the news conference that followed , a gesture that did not go unnoticed back home .
At a July 4 cookout hosted by friends of their girlfriend , Amber Bonds , a preschool teacher , Weltz said they were approached by guests who told them how much they appreciated that they dressed in their Davis gear . Other people , including former teammates disenchanted with the university 's decision to drop men 's swimming , have wondered why they showed support for a university that had forsaken their sport .
“ The U.C . Davis shirt was for all the people who helped me , ” Weltz said , adding : “ I was thinking the other day that by making the Olympic team maybe this is turning wheels somewhere that we can get the team back . If that happened , it would be huge . It would mean a lot to me . ”
On July 5 , the university announced the hiring of a new athletic director , Terry Tumey , whose first day on the job will be Aug. 1 . In London on the same day , the men 's 200-meter breaststroke final will take place , another shining example , Weltz hopes , of the intersecting paths that make Davis special .
Before being selected No . 1 overall in the WNBA Draft and winning Rookie of the Year , Breanna Stewart had an unprecedented career at the college level . They guided UConn to four straight national championships , earning Most Outstanding Player honors during each of their NCAA Tournament runs .
As they prepare for their second season with the Seattle Storm , Stewart will be glued to the TV watching UConn shoot for five straight titles . They do n't see any reason why the Huskies ca n't do it .
NCAA Tourney Blogs : Breanna Stewart | Tiffany Mitchell | Marissa Coleman
By Breanna Stewart , as told to WNBA.com
When I was a kid growing up in Syracuse , March Madness was always the best time of year . I would always ask my dad if I could stay home from school on Thursday and Friday , the first days of the tournament . I would just watch games all day . My favorite memory was Syracuse winning the national title in 2003 , when Carmelo Anthony was on the team . I remember going to the parade and celebrating the championship .
Being part of the tournament my first-year student year at UConn , that 's when it hit me : This is why I 'm playing college basketball . It 's hard to describe the feeling and the emotions . It 's your chance to show everyone that you 're the best in the country .
Now that I 'm playing professionally , I 've tried to watch my Huskies as much as I can . When I was in Shanghai for a few months , it was a little more difficult . I could stream the games if I was in my hotel , but if we were on the road , I would have to just check the stats or have my mom give me updates . But since I 've been back in the States , it 's been much easier to watch on my TV or computer . And I was also able to go to the South Carolina game , for the 100th win in a row , which was great to be part of .
Most people thought UConn would take a step back after Moriah Jefferson , Morgan Tuck and I finished our careers . But I had faith in them , and I knew they would grow as players . They knew that roles needed to be filled , leadership needed to be filled , and people needed to step up . And they did just that . And the fact that everyone thought UConn was going to have a down year – they used that as fuel to the fire .
Now look at them . They 're the No . 1 overall seed , going into the tournament undefeated , and it does n't look like it 's going to stop .
I think when you watch their games , the main thing you notice is the consistency , how they 're playing every single night . They do n't take any games off , or any plays off , and they 've been taught how to do that since their first-year student year . They know it 's their responsibility every time they step on the court .
I still talk to Geno about every two weeks , and I talk to the players all the time . The relationship goes way beyond just being there four years . When I talk to the players , I just tell them once you get to the NCAA Tournament , it 's like a completely new season . Anything that you 've done up until this point goes out the window . You need to make sure that you give it your all in the next six games , that you show why you came to UConn .
Every year , the goal is to win the national championship . This is the best time of year , because it 's time to go out and get it .
The allegation :
The government is proposing , under Bill 32 , to drop the six-month residency requirement for people to vote in provincial elections .
United Conservative Party Leader Jason Kenney is decrying the change , claiming on Twitter it will mean people `` can come to Alberta and vote the next day . ''
( Twitter )
UCP MLA Drew Barnes is alleging the NDP is up to something . They retweeted Kenney 's post , adding : `` This is just making room for their eco-radical friends to practice voter tourism and vote against AB 's prosperity . ''
( Twitter )
The facts :
Bill 32 only removes the six-month residency requirement from the current Elections Act .
Other requirements do not change .
That means potential voters must prove they are an `` ordinary resident '' of Alberta by appearing on a list of electors , and by providing one piece of government-issued identification with a photo and current address .
Or they must have two pieces of I.D . authorized by the chief electoral officer that show their name and current address and a signed declaration saying they usually live in that polling subdivision .
A potential voter can also sign a declaration they are a resident if they are accompanied by someone with proper identification who is on the list of electors . That person has to vouch for the potential voter by also signing a declaration .
Dropping the six-month residency was recommended in 2015 by Chief Electoral Officer Glen Resler , a non-partisan officer of the legislative assembly .
They said the residency section in the Elections Act has the potential to violate section 3 of the Charter of Rights and Freedom , based on a case from Ontario under leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada .
`` We are recommending the removal of the six-month residency requirement for elector qualifications , '' Resler told the special select committee on ethics and accountability in October 2015 .
`` As previously stated in the court case Frank versus Canada , the six-month residency requirement was found to be invalid .
`` The elector is still required to declare that they are an ordinary resident in Alberta and provide identification to substantiate their place of residence . ''
Resler said it is difficult to enforce and confirm the six-month residency .
The reaction :
On Monday , UCP house leader Jason Nixon said people they have talked to are `` overwhelmingly concerned '' that the government is dropping the residency requirement . They suggested perhaps a shorter timeframe would be better .
`` From the UCP perspective , six months is too long , we think somewhere in the neighbourhood of 30 to 45 days is more appropriate , '' Nixon said .
When challenged by reporters , Nixon would not say if the UCP would walk back the tweets if they decide their information is incorrect .
Alberta Economic Development and Trade Minister Deron Bilous , who was commenting for an absent Democratic Renewal Minister Christina Gray , said Kenney is wrong .
`` A person can not cross the border and the next day get residency to vote , '' Bilous said .
They said people still need to have identification that proves they live in Alberta .
When told Nixon is now suggesting a time frame of 30 to 45 days , Bilous replied : `` So they are already changing their story . ''
`` Essentially , what they have been doing is spreading mis-truths about this bill . And quite frankly , let 's call a spade a spade .
`` The reason that Mr. Kenney is doing this is because they do n't want the conversation to go towards getting dark money out of politics and toward limiting PACs , which is what this bill is also doing . ''
Bilous said other Canadian jurisdictions have removed the residency limits .
Taiwan 's Ministry of Defense launched a TV program to showcase the life of its soldiers
A gay-themed episode of a TV show produced by the Taiwanese Ministry of National Defense got removed from YouTube after homophobes flagged it .
The half-hour episode titled ‘ Rainbow ' features a soldier who has broken up with their boyfriend outside of camp .
According to China Post , the show was broadcast nationwide over the Chinese Television System channel last Thursday , with reruns on Friday and Saturday .
The official online version of the episode was posted on YouTube , but it got removed after users flagged it on the basis of it violating community guidelines .
Anti-gay group ‘ Alliance of Crying for Hope ' blasted the episode , calling the government ‘ shameful ' and ‘ needing medical attention . '
‘ Imagine what kind of island Taiwan would become if the military became the breeding ground for AIDS . Taiwan 's own self-destruction means that China would n't even need to invade , ' the hate group wrote in its post about the show .
While the video was still on YouTube , the majority of the comments left showed support , with some even applauding the ministry 's decision to acknowledge issues gay and lesbian service members face , reports China Post .
In a statement released on Facebook on Friday , the ministry said it was ‘ thankful and respectful of diverse societal opinions . '
‘ The segment highlights the consolidated workings of counselling and members of the military supporting one another during difficult times , ' the statement added . ‘ Combined with support from families , the counselling framework ensures that soldiers can serve with peace of mind . '
Taiwan 's government is currently considering the possibility of legalising same-sex marriage in the country .
Video of a slam poetry performance by a twenty-year-old University of North Carolina drama student is going viral , with nearly 70,000 views on YouTube . The controversial title and message of their poem : “ God is gay . ”
Elliot Darrow identifies as a straight male and says their identity as an “ out Christian ” drives their writing . Like many Christian millennials , Darrow does not currently attend church— “ more due to the chaos that is college than anything else , ” they say—but they grew up Presbyterian in the Carrboro-Chapel Hill area . Social issues comprise the core of their poetry portfolio , and the viral piece was one of their first to directly address their faith .
Darrow says the idea began eighteen months ago when they wondered , what if God were gay ? “ I personally believe that God is not a sexual being , but at the same time , to make a statement , what if They were , was all in attempt to show people that even God , who we all see as infallible , still has human traits , such as sexuality , or loves people of a specific gender or identity , ” Darrow says .
They then examined Biblical passages to explore how the church should view the gay community . “ I 've seen so many people , in my mind , misuse the Bible to preach not necessarily hatred , but just ignorance toward people who are of other preferences , ” they say . “ I want to show that regardless of how someone identifies , God wants to love them , and God does love them . The best way I 've found to do that is to use the Bible , to use teachings that I have been taught . ”
The poem is a dynamic work of gay liberation theology . Darrow use Bible passages to challenge conventional views about God : “ In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth / and it was n't just good , it was fabulous ” and “ Keep in mind Jesus had two dads and turned out just fine / In fact , Jesus had two dads and a surrogate mother / That never had sex with either of them / Maybe Mary was a lesbian . ”
The most powerful moment comes when Darrow interprets the classic Biblical story of Moses and the burning bush . In the book of Exodus , Moses is watching sheep in the desert when they see a bush on fire but not burning up . Then an angel speaks to them from inside the flame and tells them to lead the Israelites out of slavery in Egypt . God then liberates the people , whom society subjugated , from oppression . Here 's how Darrow sees the passage :
“ A history lesson : A faggot is a bundle of sticks / Originally used as kindling for fires that engulfed gays / When they were burned at the stake , people were firewood / But Moses came across wood on fire and saw God in it / What is a burning bush but bundles of branches / On fire , is n't it funny how faggots and God can look the same sometimes ? ”
Darrow hopes that Biblical messages like theirs can counter anti-gay groups like Westboro Baptist Church . One of their own greatest influences , they say , is the pastor emeritus of their home church , Rev . Haywood Holderness of Westminster Presbyterian in Durham . Even as a young child , Darrow remembers listening to Holderness ' sermons and taking to heart their repeated message that God is a loving being . “ I 've always had such a loving relationship with the church , ” they say . “ All people should be afforded that , regardless of their orientation , their creed , gender . ”
Full text of the poem :
Gnomes are n't the only things freezing this winter . ( Jeff Roberson / AP )
Every year since the end of the recession , the U.S. economy has faced a new headwind : Europe , the debt ceiling battle and last year 's spending cuts and tax hikes .
The newest headwind ? Snow . The extraordinarily cold weather this winter is hitting a range of industries and holding down economic growth .
Economists at Goldman Sachs have tried to figure out exactly what 's been going on , writing up the findings in a recent report . They 've found the cold , snowy weather to be a factor in slowing down housing growth , hiring and retail sales . Goldman estimates that the weather subtracted 0.2 percentage points of economic growth during the fourth quarter of 2013 and 0.5 percentage points of economic growth in the first quarter of this year .
Goldman expects the economy to add 130,000 jobs in February , which would be a disappointing figure , following the paltry 113,300 jobs added in January . The number would be closer to 190,000 jobs without the extreme weather , according to the report .
Goldman made the calculations first by looking at how unusual the weather 's been this year . The government and outside economists usually adjust data to reflect seasonal variations , but Goldman 's point is that this year is out of the ordinary even once you make those adjustments .
Of the 52 high-impact snowstorms over the pat 50 years , Goldman points out , five have occurred this winter . The following chart shows how we 've had an unusual high level of cold weather and snow days .
The next chart shows the impact of the weather on Goldman 's Current Activity Indicator , which is a proprietary index that measures economic activity . As you can see , it hits construction hardest , followed by hiring , housing starts , business conditions and consumer confidence .
Put bluntly , you 're not going to want to do construction work in a snowstorm ; nor are you as likely to go for a job interview or buy a home .
Best government IT programs honored
Annual ACT/IAC Excellence.Gov innovative IT awards revealed
There 's a program to streamline the whitewater rafting permit application process ; an app for travelers to get information about airports , weather patterns and alternate flight routes ; and a project that provides service members and veterans with information on traumatic brain injury via social media .
The America Council for Technology and Industry Advisory Council honored seven of the most innovative federal IT programs during the ninth annual Excellence.Gov Awards luncheon on March 16 in Washington , D.C .
Of 100 programs under consideration , judges chose the following winners in seven categories :
Excellence in Enhancing the Customer Experience — Electronic Permitting/Remote Wireless Project in the Four Rivers Recreation Area of the Salmon-Challis National Forest in Idaho .
Electronic Permitting/Remote Wireless Project in the Four Rivers Recreation Area of the Salmon-Challis National Forest in Idaho . Excellence and Innovation in the Use of Social Media — Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury 's Social Media Program .
Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury 's Social Media Program . Excellence in Intergovernmental Collaboration — All Partners Access Network , an online community outside the military firewall .
All Partners Access Network , an online community outside the military firewall . Excellence in Improving the Operations of Government — Direct Express Debit Mastercard for Recurring Benefit Payments .
Direct Express Debit Mastercard for Recurring Benefit Payments . Excellence in Improving the Workforce — Defense Department Business Transformation Agency 's Case Adjudication Tracking System .
Defense Department Business Transformation Agency 's Case Adjudication Tracking System . Excellence in Going Green — Green IT Initiative by the State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affairs .
Green IT Initiative by the State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affairs . Best Mobile App ( new category for 2011 ) — MyTSA one-touch dashboard display for travelers .
Trying to predict what New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick will do with their backfield each season has driven fantasy owners crazy for years . ( AP Photo/Mary Schwalm )
By Matt Kelley ( @ Fantasy_Mansion )
Special to Yahoo Sports
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The lesson : Do n't be fooled by Bill Belichick . Not once . Not twice . Not ever .
In Fantasy Football , this means refusing to overdraft New England Patriots running backs . Yet , after many years of Bill Belichick zigging while the fantasy world zags on running backs , sports fans afflicted with amnesia ( or perhaps just inebriated ) are now genuinely excited about a Patriots running back for the first time in a decade .
The Running Back Committee Overlord
The curious enthusiasm surrounding Mike Gillislee would make Stevan Ridley blush . Recall , Ridley was the only Patriots running back in the last decade to average more than 75 yards per game for a full season . Against this historic backdrop , Gillislee 's average draft position in Yahoo Fantasy drafts has climbed to an absurd 58.1 . Gillislee is now a caricature drawing of the overdrafted fantasy running back .
Let 's take a tour through the last 10 years of Patriots leading rushers :
2007 : Laurence Maroney : 835 yards
2008 : Sammy Morris : 727 yards
2009 : Laurence Maroney : 757 yards
2010 : BenJarvis Green-Ellis : 1,008 yards
2011 : BenJarvis Green-Ellis : 667 yards
2012 : Stevan Ridley : 1,263 yards
2013 : Stevan Ridley : 773 yards
2014 : Jonas Gray : 412 yards
2015 : LeGarrette Blount : 703 yards
2016 : LeGarrette Blount : 1,161 yards
Story continues
The Patriots produced three 1,000-yard running backs in 10 years , and in no season was the team 's leading rusher touted by fantasy gamers during the prior summer . In 2010 , Green-Ellis erupted in spite of the presence of established veterans : Sammy Morris and Fred Taylor . In 2012 , Shane Vereen generated significant buzz in training camp only to see Ridley become the workhorse . In 2016 , Dion Lewis ' ADP rose as high as the fifth round in early drafts before a knee surgery revision knocked them out of contention for lead back duties during training camp .
Bell-Cow Agnostic
Belichick deploys running backs like a Maximus deploys Roman legions – with cunning and guile and little consideration of loyalty or tradition . When Blount proved ineffective in the first half of last year 's Super Bowl and the Patriots faced a famously improbable deficit , Belichick switched running back gears , aggressively deployed James White , who went on to post a 45-point fantasy performance deserving of the Super Bowl MVP trophy .
The Patriots roster has not featured a set-it-and-forget-it back since Corey Dillon rang up 1,635 rushing yards in 2004 . Since then , only Ridley surpassed the 1,300 all-purpose yard mark with 1,304 total yards in 2012 .
Why ?
More than any other team , the Patriots deploy backs based on defensive matchups and game situation . This “ bell-cow agnostic ” approach helps maximize the efficiency of historically underwhelming running back talents ( with the glaring exception of fantasy football superstar Danny Woodhead ) while minimizing the historic fantasy value of Patriots backs .
Red Zone Efficiency Regression
In spite of Belichick 's contempt for fantasy enthusiasts , their case for Gillislee goes something like this : LeGarrette Blount scored 18 touchdowns in a high-efficiency Patriots offense in 2016 . The Patriots will score even more points in 2017 . Gillislee is the highest paid running back on the roster . Gillislee was top-3 in the NFL in red zone conversion rate in 2016. ” 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 = 5,938,323 touchdowns in 2017 .
Not so fast .
Red zone efficiency is a notoriously unstable running back metric and unsustainable red zone usage and touchdown conversion rates are the singular greatest source of running back fantasy football ADP inflation . Gillislee 's nine touchdowns on 18 red zones carries in 2016 , a 2:1 red zone carry-to-touchdown rate , will be almost impossible to replicate . Gillislee 's likely red zone efficiency regression is the just first crack in the oversimplified math propping up their preseason fantasy value .
Efficient RB Alternatives
Unlike Blount , Gillislee is just 208-pounds ( Blount weighted 241-pounds in 2016 ) and has significant competition for running back touches . The following players should cannibalize touches from Gillislee between the 20 's , at the goal line , and in the passing game .
Mike Gillislee Advanced Stats & Metrics Profile on PlayerProfiler.com
Goal Line Vulture : Rex Burkhead
Writing for PlayerProfiler.com , Hunter Gibbon makes the case that Burkhead is both the biggest and most athletic running back on the Patriots roster . Offering best-in-class size-adjusted athleticism , Burkhead is the logical choice for goal line and short-yardage carries .
Passing Game Whiz : James White
Reviewing PlayerProfiler.com 's Production Premium metric , which measures a running back 's fantasy output from any given down and distance above expectation , White has been the most efficient running back in the NFL over past two seasons .
2015 Production Premium : +60.4 ( No . 1 in the NFL )
2016 Production Premium : +48.3 ( No . 2 )
White 's efficiency has been fueled by hyper-activity in the passing game . Over the last 10 seasons , running backs have averaged just over 7.5 yards per reception compared to just over 4.0 yards per rush – a staggering 3.5 yards per touch efficiency differential . Gillislee has been a non-factor in the passing game going back to their time and Florida , and White 's presence ensures that will not change in 2017 .
Elusiveness Machine : Dion Lewis
Incumbent back Dion Lewis ' Juke Rate on PlayerProfiler.com indicates that they were the most elusive back in the NFL from 2015-2016 .
2015 Juke Rate : 58.8 % ( No . 1 in the NFL )
2016 Juke Rate : 32.1 % ( No . 8 )
Back with the Patriots and making less than a million dollars per year , Lewis offers big-play ability in normal game situations that Gillislee , and their 96.1 ( 8th percentile ) SPARQ-x Score , does not offer .
Conclusion
Irrational exuberance following Blount 's astounding 18 touchdowns on a league-high 71 red zones carries in 2016 is propelling Gillislee 's 58.1 ADP to Corey Dillon-esque heights in fantasy leagues . Given the Patriots ' historic bell-cow agnostic approach , Gillislee 's likely red zone efficiency regression , and robust competition for backfield touches at any given down and distance , Gillislee 's fantasy juice is not worth the price . Furthermore , Burkhead , White , and Lewis are better fantasy values heading into the season .
Byron Bay shark attack : Swimmer dies at Clarkes Beach
Updated
A 50-year-old local man has died after being attacked by a shark while swimming at a beach at Byron Bay in northern New South Wales .
Police said the man 's wife was on the beach when they were bitten on the leg about 15 to 20 metres off the shore at Clarkes Beach about 10:45am ( AEST ) on Tuesday .
Beachgoer Mark Hickey pulled them from the water and onlookers unsuccessfully tried to resuscitate the man .
Mr Hickey said they initially thought the attack victim was a turtle .
`` Then I looked closer and there was a lot of blood in the water and there was a shark circling , and I recognised that it was a person , '' they said .
`` I ran out to about chest-height in water and grabbed the guy and dragged them into the beach . ''
Mr Hickey said it appeared the man had bled to death in the water .
`` There was a big gash out of their right leg , above the knee , '' they said .
NSW Police Inspector Bobbie Cullen said the man 's wife was on the beach at the time .
`` Obviously the witnesses are extremely distressed , '' they said .
A spokesperson for the ambulance service said it was likely the man went into cardiac arrest when they were in the water .
Helicopters and jetskis were patrolling the the area and a large shark , believed to be a great white , was spotted close to the shore soon after the attack .
`` It may be that we are able to push the shark out to sea if we do locate it , '' Inspector Cullen said
One witness , 26-year-old Daniel Toole , said they were surfing when they noticed a crowd of people yelling at them to get out of the water .
`` Everyone [ was ] yelling at me to come in so I ran in and dropped the board , and everyone had got to them and were trying to help him , '' they said .
`` They were giving them CPR and just trying to get them back and everyone rings all the ambos and that , and just trying to get help . [ I 'm ] pretty rattled . ''
Local surf school operator Sean Riley said they were alerted to the attack by their coaches on the beach .
`` They rang me , I was in our surf shop , and I came down here to make sure everyone was OK , and get everyone out of the water , '' they said .
`` They basically said there was a guy down the beach , they had flippers on and was floundering around , he 'd just been attacked by the shark .
`` Some people on the beach got them in and the boys from the surf school got everybody out of the water and tended to the guy . ''
Beaches from Tallows to Belongil would be closed until at least Wednesday afternoon , lifeguards said .
`` We 're trying to keep everyone safe in this area , '' lifeguard Scott McCartney said .
`` We just encourage everyone on the coast to stay out of the water in the Byron Shire area until we deem it safe for swimming . ''
They said lifeguards rarely saw sharks in the area .
But a senior lecturer in marine biology at Southern Cross University , Daniel Bucher , said there were currently many sharks in the area .
`` [ In ] winter we tend to get more cool-water species , like big great whites will come up here at that time , '' they said .
`` As the water warms up though , they tend to move south and start to hassle the seals down there and we get things like tiger sharks and makos and bull sharks becoming more common .
`` Generally sharks attack from behind and so most shark attack victims do n't see the shark coming , so there 's really not much you can do . ''
A report was being prepared for the coroner .
Shark attacks over the past 100 years
State # Cases Fatal Injured Uninjured Last Fatality NSW 203 48 105 50 Byron Bay 2014 Qld 159 56 89 14 Palm Island 2011 WA 77 14 51 12 Gracetown 2013 SA 40 13 21 6 Goldsmith Beach 2014 VIC 32 4 18 10 Mornington Peninsula 1987 TAS 9 1 5 3 Tenth Island 1993 NT 8 1 6 1 Cobourg Peninsula 1934
( Source : Taronga.org.au )
Topics : shark , emergency-incidents , byron-bay-2481
First posted
GSN sources say past gay ‘ cures ' by the Anglican Church in Uganda have included beatings and exorcisms to draw out gay demons
The Church of Uganda will be setting up ‘ gay cure ' groups after returning ‘ resources ' given to them by the Church of England .
They may even be performing ‘ exorcisms ' and beatings , according to experts .
It shows the Anglican community in the east African country is distancing itself from the mother church in the UK , which has called on it to be more gay-friendly .
President Yoweri Museveni praised bishops of the Anglican Church recently for their support and campaigning to pass the anti-gay legislation .
Signed into law earlier this year , it punishes homosexuality with up to life in prison .
Retired bishop Wilson Mutebi , announced the plans at an event held last week .
They said : ‘ The bishops have vowed to stand with the president over the homosexuality issue .
‘ We salute you for your strong stand against gay practices . '
In their speech , they revealed the Church of Uganda had been ‘ fighting against the vice ' and would stand firm against the wishes of the Church of England .
Earlier this year , the Archbishop of York and Archbishop of Canterbury sent a letter to Stanley Ntagali , the Archbishop of the Church of Uganda .
In the letter , they said homosexuals were loved and valued by God and deserved the ‘ best pastoral care and friendship ' .
In response , Ntagali accused the leaders of the Church of England of being ‘ spiritually blind ' .
Mutebi has now revealed the Church of Uganda has returned ‘ resources ' and will be setting up facilities for the ‘ treatment and counselling of homosexuality victims ' .
GSN sources have said the church has experimented with ‘ gay cures ' in the past . These have ranged from exorcisms to beatings .
GSN asked the Church of Uganda to tell us more about their plans but so far they have not responded .
When contacted by Gay Star News , a Church of England had no information on what ‘ resources ' were returned by the Church of Uganda .
They also chose to not make a statement regarding the setting up of ‘ gay cure ' groups .
Uganda gay activist Edwin Sesange , of the Africa LGBTI Out and Proud Diamond Group , told GSN :
‘ It is very unfortunate that well respected religious leaders in Uganda are diverting from the gospel of love to the gospel of hate . '
The Ugandan Church , along with others in Africa , has already broken its ties with Anglicans in North America over the blessing of same-sex unions .
The Church of England does ordain gay clergy as long as they are celibate .
But while Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has said some gay couples have monogamous relationships of ‘ stunning ' quality , they still say they support the Church of England 's opposition to active homosexuality .
Nearly every mainstream worldwide health organization views ‘ gay cure ' therapy as dangerous to a person 's mental health .
It 's 2025 , and 800,000 tons of used high strength steel is coming up for auction .
The steel made up the Keystone XL pipeline , finally completed in 2019 , two years after the project launched with great fanfare after approval by the Trump administration . The pipeline was built at a cost of about $ 7 billion , bringing oil from the Canadian tar sands to the US , with a pit stop in the town of Baker , Montana , to pick up US crude from the Bakken formation . At its peak , it carried over 500,000 barrels a day for processing at refineries in Texas and Louisiana .
But in 2025 , no one wants the oil .
The Keystone XL will go down as the world 's last great fossil fuels infrastructure project . TransCanada , the pipeline 's operator , charged about $ 10 per barrel for the transportation services , which means the pipeline extension earned about $ 5 million per day , or $ 1.8 billion per year . But after shutting down less than four years into its expected 40 year operational life , it never paid back its costs .
The Keystone XL closed thanks to a confluence of technologies that came together faster than anyone in the oil and gas industry had ever seen . It 's hard to blame them — the transformation of the transportation sector over the last several years has been the biggest , fastest change in the history of human civilization , causing the bankruptcy of blue chip companies like Exxon Mobil and General Motors , and directly impacting over $ 10 trillion in economic output .
And blame for it can be traced to a beguilingly simple , yet fatal problem : the internal combustion engine has too many moving parts .
The Cummins Diesel Engine , US Patent # 2,408,298 , filed April 1943 , awarded Sept 24 , 1946
Let 's bring this back to today : Big Oil is perhaps the most feared and respected industry in history . Oil is warming the planet — cars and trucks contribute about 15 % of global fossil fuels emissions — yet this fact barely dents its use . Oil fuels the most politically volatile regions in the world , yet we 've decided to send military aid to unstable and untrustworthy dictators , because their oil is critical to our own security . For the last century , oil has dominated our economics and our politics . Oil is power .
Yet I argue here that technology is about to undo a century of political and economic dominance by oil . Big Oil will be cut down in the next decade by a combination of smartphone apps , long-life batteries , and simpler gearing . And as is always the case with new technology , the undoing will occur far faster than anyone thought possible .
To understand why Big Oil is in far weaker a position than anyone realizes , let 's take a closer look at the lynchpin of oil 's grip on our lives : the internal combustion engine , and the modern vehicle drivetrain .
BMW 8 speed automatic transmission , showing lots of fine German engineered gearing . From Euro Car News .
Cars are complicated .
Behind the hum of a running engine lies a carefully balanced dance between sheathed steel pistons , intermeshed gears , and spinning rods — a choreography that lasts for millions of revolutions . But millions is not enough , and as we all have experienced , these parts eventually wear , and fail . Oil caps leak . Belts fray . Transmissions seize .
To get a sense of what problems may occur , here is a list of the most common vehicle repairs from 2015 :
Replacing an oxygen sensor — $ 249 Replacing a catalytic converter — $ 1,153 Replacing ignition coil ( s ) and spark plug ( s ) — $ 390 Tightening or replacing a fuel cap — $ 15 Thermostat replacement — $ 210 Replacing ignition coil ( s ) — $ 236 Mass air flow sensor replacement — $ 382 Replacing spark plug wire ( s ) and spark plug ( s ) — $ 331 Replacing evaporative emissions ( EVAP ) purge control valve — $ 168 Replacing evaporative emissions ( EVAP ) purging solenoid — $ 184
And this list raises an interesting observation : None of these failures exist in an electric vehicle .
The point has been most often driven home by Tony Seba , a Stanford professor and guru of “ disruption ” , who revels in pointing out that an internal combustion engine drivetrain contains about 2,000 parts , while an electric vehicle drivetrain contains about 20 . All other things being equal , a system with fewer moving parts will be more reliable than a system with more moving parts .
And that rule of thumb appears to hold for cars . In 2006 , the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration estimated that the average vehicle , built solely on internal combustion engines , lasted 150,000 miles .
Current estimates for the lifetime today 's electric vehicles are over 500,000 miles .
The ramifications of this are huge , and bear repeating . Ten years ago , when I bought my Prius , it was common for friends to ask how long the battery would last — a battery replacement at 100,000 miles would easily negate the value of improved fuel efficiency . But today there are anecdotal stories of Prius 's logging over 600,000 miles on a single battery .
The story for Teslas is unfolding similarly . Tesloop , a Tesla-centric ride-hailing company has already driven its first Model S for more 200,000 miles , and seen only an 6 % loss in battery life . A battery lifetime of 1,000,000 miles may even be in reach .
This increased lifetime translates directly to a lower cost of ownership : extending an EVs life by 3–4 X means an EVs capital cost , per mile , is 1/3 or 1/4 that of a gasoline-powered vehicle . Better still , the cost of switching from gasoline to electricity delivers another savings of about 1/3 to 1/4 per mile . And electric vehicles do not need oil changes , air filters , or timing belt replacements ; the 200,000 mile Tesloop never even had its brakes replaced . The most significant repair cost on an electric vehicle is from worn tires .
For emphasis : The total cost of owning an electric vehicle is , over its entire life , roughly 1/4 to 1/3 the cost of a gasoline-powered vehicle .
Of course , with a 500,000 mile life a car will last 40–50 years . And it seems absurd to expect a single person to own just one car in their life .
But of course a person wo n't own just one car . The most likely scenario is that , thanks to software , a person wo n't own any .
Some say Austria dodged a bullet last year . After an acrimonious year-long election campaign the Alpine nation elected Alexander Van der Bellen , a veteran Green Party politician , as president last December . They had a margin of 7.5 points over their far-right rival candidate , Norbert Hofer . Centrists , social democrats and liberals all over Europe breathed a sigh of relief , the Guardian remarked . In least in one country , nativist populism had been defeated .
Yet , those worried about right-wing populism should not claim victory too soon . The far-right managed to build a strong online presence in this election—one that they will capitalise on in the future .
Austria 's 2016 presidential election
Austria 's vote echoes some of the most divisive aspects of the US elections held shortly before . Just as Donald Trump made claims of election fraud before and after the vote , the far-right Freedom Party ( FPÖ ) of Mr Hofer made allegations of voting irregularities after an earlier run-off vote in May 2016 . ( Authorities admitted to irregularities in counting procedures , yet it remains unclear these changed the results . Some have criticized the Austrian Constitutional Court for ruling on purely procedural grounds . )
The Freedom Party challenged the result in court and forced a re-run . In a twist that turned tragedy into farce , the second run-off ordered by the Constitutional Court , scheduled for October had to be postponed : the glue on thousands of absentee ballots had come unstuck , rendering them invalid .
In December , Austrian voters confirmed the result of the first round of the presidential vote and Van der Bellen assumed office . This unusually long , bitter electoral contest rallied most Austrians to one or the other camp . It also garnered a lot of interest abroad . ( See here for a Time magazine cover story centred on Austria . )
While the campaign did not secure the largely symbolic president 's office for the far-right , the election helped the Freedom Party to build a fearsome echo chamber on social media . Their strong online presence , in my view , gives them a crucial edge to win the next elections in Austria , and likely boosts their allies in Germany .
The Freedom Party
The Freedom Party is the rising force in Austrian politics . Its leader , Heinz-Christian Strache , was a fellow-traveller of Neonazi group Wiking Jugend in their youth . Over the past 12 years , Strache positioned the party as a nationalist alternative to the establishment . Any government by the FPÖ is likely to see Strache as leader .
The FPÖ is also a key player within the emerging “ nationalist international ” of Marine Le Pen in France , Geert Wilders in the Netherlands , and other like-minded groups around Europe .
The ideology of the Freedom Party is one of fighting immigration and Islam , mixed with strong anti-establishment rhetoric and nationalist opposition to the European Union .
The Freedom Party is closer to taking power than most of its European allies . Austria is currently ruled by a “ grand coalition ” of Social Democrats and the conservative People 's Party . It has not been a happy marriage , and many voters call for change . In a recent poll , only one in ten voters said they supported another “ grand coalition ” .
Elections for a new parliament in Austria must be held by late 2018 and many observers believe the current government will call them earlier . The FPÖ has come out on top of nearly every opinion poll since mid-2015 . The most likely constellation for the next Austrian government is a coalition of the People 's Party with the Freedom Party as senior partner .
The online power-base of the far-right
Like nationalist leaders before him , Strache has built up a strong personal following for himself . The FPÖ chairperson has over 500,000 followers on Facebook . That is equivalent to 10 per cent of voters in the last election and more than any other politician in Austria . The far-right leader gained over 100,000 followers during the presidential election campaign last year .
Strache 's Facebook site is key to the Freedom Party 's influence on social media . Research published in newspaper Der Standard shows that they post 13 times a day on average and their posts are typically shared around 400 times [ 1 ] . At those rates , Strache can potentially reach tens of thousands of people that do n't follow him . This gives the Freedom Party impressive reach . It also allows Strache to share content to toxic for other platforms , often originating from news sites close to the party .
It 's not surprising Strache recently called social media a “ blessing for democracy ” . It is also reminiscent of Trump 's bypassing of the traditional media : Twitter gives them a platform to communicate directly with voters , without the filter of journalism .
Homespun tales from the far-right
Several websites publish the highly controversial content the FPÖ frequently shares on social media . Two websites have a particularly strong impact .
Most prominent among these websites is Unzensuriert.at ( “ Uncensored ” ) . The site states that it is independent , although it was founded as blog of a senior party figure and is co-run by FPÖ parliamentary staff .
Unzensuriert.at is an ideological outfit that runs Austrian and international political news . It focuses on migration and Islam , mixing news lifted from other sources with commentary . Recent stories include an exposé on “ Unrest in Sweden – Trump was right ” and “ Further stunning silence on riots in France ” . “ Uncensored ” purports to give readers the “ truth ” that mainstream media is silent about .
Another site , Wochenblick.at , was founded in 2016 . It is a more lowbrow alternative to Uncensored , not shying away from apolitical local news and celebrity stories . While it frequently publishes alleged “ refugee crimes ” , it also runs yellow-press pieces such as “ World 's sexiest female firefighters ” .
It is run by former party members who claim to be independent . The site asks for donation and does n't show any advertising .
Other websites frequently shared by the FPÖ and its party leader include FMPolitics—a Facebook site that produces anti-refugee and anti-Islam memes—and Verein Freunde der Tagespolitik—a “ satire site ” that runs anti-migrant caricatures .
These websites are read not only in Austria . They get much of their traffic from Germany—in the case of Uncensored more than half of it . According to a recent survey , Austrian far-right sites are widely read among followers of the far-right Pegida network [ 2 ] and likely add to the momentum of Pegida-ally Alternative für Deutschland .
The legacy media in thrall
The Freedom Party leverages its rising online power with legacy media .
In Austria 's small media market , public broadcaster ORF and tabloid Kronen Zeitung dominate domestic TV and print news respectively .
The Freedom Party frequently attacks ORF as left-wing propaganda machine and has called for an end to the licence-fee model of financing public broadcasting .
That , of course , does n't prevent Strache and party leaders from sharing ORF content and reposting segments of interviews on social media .
Much like Trump , the Freedom Party uses TV interviews to reinforce notions from fake news stories with their core audience . A recent analysis by Falter newspaper showed how often Norbert Hofer as presidential candidate alluded to Alexander Van der Bellens ' age and allegedly poor memory .
In TV debates , Hofer repeatedly called their septuagenarian opponent ‘ forgetful ' and ‘ absent-minded ' . This reinforces a notion taken from internet memes that Van der Bellen is unfit for office due to their age and declining mental state . Much like a dog whistle , this toxic message can only be heard by those who are familiar with the internet rumours .
Contrary to their fraught relationship with the public broadcaster , the far-right has strong ties to tabloid Kronen Zeitung . Austria 's most popular newspaper has a right wing-nationalist bent , but has been keen to keep good relations with all parties .
Strache , however , has power over the tabloids that others lack . In an interview last year , the then-online editor of Kronen Zeitung , Richard Schmitt , conceded the Freedom Party 's held sway over their audience . ‘ When Strache shares one of our stories on Facebook , we have noticed it pushes up our traffic by one and a half . And , of course , they get more traffic if we share him ' , Schmitt said . Both players have thus become intertwined in a complex , and worrying way .
Meanwhile the Freedom Party increasingly bypasses traditional forms of media exposure such as press conferences .
From my own experience as a journalist covering the FPÖ , I can say that during recent trips by party leaders to Israel , Russia and the US , Freedom Party officials barely spoke to legacy media . They did not take journalists along and publicised their trips mainly on Facebook and party platforms .
What this means for the future
If the Freedom Party is voted into power in Austria , legacy media is likely to be side-lined and restricted . The far-right has repeatedly called for the public broadcaster to be curtailed financially and in the freedom of its reporting . Meanwhile hidden subsidies to newspapers , totalling 188 million Euro in 2015 , make them vulnerable to interference by any government . It seems likely that the far-right will use its leverage to undermine the traditional media . The success of the far-right in Austria in decoupling from traditional media is closely watched and , as far as I can see , mirrored in other countries . Their allies in Germany , Alternative für Deutschland ( AfD ) , might even profit directly from their echo chamber . The far-right and their voters in Austria and other European countries might well be heading towards a space where independent journalism , and therefore public scrutiny , can no longer reach them .
References
[ 1 ] Maan , N. Schmid , F. Hametner , M. Fellner , S. , Ausserhofer , J . & Puschmann , C. ( 2016 , October 4 ) . ‘ ” Zur Info ” : Das Facebook-Universum des HC Strache .
[ 2 ] The survey results will be published in a contribution by Noura Maan and Fabian Schmidt to the anthology ‘ » Wir sind das Volk « – auch im Netz ' ( Ch . Links Verlag ) in March 2017 .
Comments
comments
Existing conditions on Portland 's North Williams Ave . Courtesy Jonathan Maus , BikePortland.org
The gentrification vs. bicycle infrastructure debate in one of the country 's most bike-friendly cities
Donna Maxey 's family lost its home in Portland , Ore. , to the bulldozers of “ urban renewal ” back in 1961 . They were only 12 years-old , but they still remember every detail of that house – the pocket doors , the built-in china cupboards , the towering English walnut trees in the yard . “ I would dream about that house until I was in my 50s , ” says Maxey . It was n't just the house that was lost , it was an entire neighborhood : the thriving African-American enclave of Albina , home to legendary jazz clubs and countless businesses , all within walking distance . “ It was a model neighborhood , ” says Lisa Loving , who wrote about the destruction of Albina for Portland 's African American paper , The Skanner News . “ What people had then been what people want now. ” Maxey , a retired educator and community activist , remembers it as a place where no one locked their doors and everybody knew each other . “ I liken it to Ozzie and Harriet meets The Cosby Show , ” says Maxey , who is black . In an overwhelmingly white state with an ugly history of discrimination against blacks , Albina was a haven of sorts . And then it was all destroyed to make way for interstate highways and a hospital expansion . “ The African American community never did recover , ” Loving says .
Today , after decades of neglect , the part of town once known as Albina is seeing a revival . Businesses are going in on North Williams Avenue , the area 's main business street . But newcomers to the neighborhood are overwhelmingly white and well-to-do – “ yuppies , ” Maxey calls them . It 's a familiar pattern of gentrification , and the bitterness many felt about the neighborhood 's history might have remained unspoken except for another planning decision – this one seemingly the philosophical opposite of the destructive urban renewal policies of the '50s and '60s . The Portland Bureau of Transportation wants to install a protected bikeway on North Williams Avenue , which sees as many as 3,000 cyclists daily , and in July a public meeting on the plan – part of a larger “ traffic operations safety project ” – turned into a contentious forum on the history of institutionalized racism in Portland . Sharon Maxwell-Hendricks , a black business owner who grew up in the neighborhood , has been one of the most vocal opponents to the city 's plan for a wider , protected bike lane . They ca n't help but feel that the city seems only to care about traffic safety now that white people are living in the area . “ We as human beings deserved to have the same right to safer streets years ago , ” they say . “ Why was n't there any concern about people living here then ? ” The city did n't get enough input from the African American members of the community , Maxwell-Hendricks argues , as they developed their plan . “ They seem to be pushing their own agenda , ” they say . “ There was the feeling that the city just rolled through with this . ”
In response to the outcry at the public meeting , the project has been put on hold until at least next spring . More African Americans have been appointed to the advisory committee , and a community forum will be held in October to have a full discussion of all the issues involved , including race . “ One of the big things we learned in this process is that the outreach process that works well for some people does n't work for others , ” says Dan Anderson , interim communications director for the Portland mayor 's office . “ It 's been very educational . Outreach needs to be tailored to the community . We need to slow things down and get more people around the table. ” Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... Jonathan Maus , who runs the Bike Portland blog and has reported extensively on the North Williams controversy , thinks the city should have stood its ground and gone forward with the project , but was n't willing to do so in part because of the political weakness of scandal-plagued Mayor Sam Adams , who has been a strong biking advocate and is closely identified with the biking community . “ There 's been too much emphasis on consensus , ” said Maus . “ I 'm all for public process , but I also want the smartest transportation engineers in the country on bicycling to have their ideas prevail. ” Maus , who is white , says the history of North Williams should n't be dictating current policy , and that safety issues for the many people who bike on the street are urgent . “ At some point as a city , you have to start planning to serve the existing population , ” they said . “ The remaining black community is holding traffic justice hostage . It 's allowing injustice in the present because of injustice in the past. ” Donna Maxey , though , says that by slowing down the process and allowing the discussion of race to be fully explored , the city has done the right thing . “ There 's a way to fulfill the needs of everyone , ” they say , noting that they recognize the importance of North Williams as a bike route . “ The problem with Williams Avenue was not that they want to change the street , it 's how they went about doing it. ” Debora Leopold Hutchins , chair of the stakeholder advisory committee for the project , is optimistic the community will be more willing to embrace the project now that the process has been slowed down . “ I think in any community , people want to have their opinions heard , ” they say . “ We ca n't change what 's happened in the past , we can only go forward . I think given time , we 'll be able to move past the gentrification issue and get to making North Williams a safer street. ” Maxey hopes that in the end , the street design might incorporate some historical exhibits that will allow current residents of the neighborhood to better understand what was there before . “ I think they 're moving in the right direction , ” they say . “ People just wanted a chance to be heard. ” Special thanks to Jonathan Maus of BikePortland.org for use of the above image .
There are now more than 35 options that are n't the state store .
Updated 4/14/17
Well , that escalated quickly . Although there was a bit of a lag between when Gov . Tom Wolf put their stamp on Act 39 back in June 2016 and when groceries actually implemented wine sales , things have ramped up immensely over the past six months . Last November , there were only 14 markets , restaurant and groceries offering wine to go . Now ? We 've confirmed more than 35 different locales where Philadelphians can walk out the door with a bottle ( or four ) .
Some places are obvious , like supermarkets with beer gardens inside , or bottleshops already known for their huge selection of craft beer — check out The Beer Store by the Franklin Mills Mall , which offers around 400 ( ! ) different wines to choose from . Other wine depots are more surprising . Did you know you can snag a bottle to take on your flight at Vino Volo in PHL Airport ? Or that there 's a wine boutique in the new Chinatown Square food hall ? And how about Molly Malloy 's in Reading Terminal , which is preparing to offer a bottle-plus-cup to-go situation , so you can stroll around the market sipping to your heart 's content ( it should be up and running by summer ) .
Here 's a map followed by a list of all the groceries , supermarkets , restaurants , delis and retail shops where you can buy wine to go in Philly right now — and what the selection looks like at each one .
Restaurants
Gran Caffe L'Aquila
This straight-from-Italy restaurant meets coffee house meets gelateria has an impressive wine list with more than 200 choices — and all are available for takeout , at the price listed on the menu .
1716 Chestnut St .
Hawthornes
The rows of beer fridges at this Bella Vista cafe are now complemented by around 20 different wines for take-out sale . Several are also available online — place your order and they 'll show up at your door .
738 S. 11th St .
Pete 's Famous Pizza
This corner pizzeria tucked between the Ben Franklin Parkway and the Schuylkill River offers a selection of around a dozen , with more reds than whites usually on offer .
116 N. 21st St .
Anastasi Seafood
Around five or or six bottles are always available for takeout at this Italian Market seafood spot , including reds , whites and a rosé .
1101 S. 9th St .
Manayunk Brewing Co .
This brewpub also has a full restaurant with a nice wine list , and any of the 50 or so bottles can be yours to take home .
4118 Main St .
Tria Rittenhouse , Tria Wash West , Tria Fitler Square
The whole bottle list at these wine-cheese-beer cafes is up for grabs , which means somewhere between 25 and 30 choices by the bottle .
123 S. 18th St. ; 1137 Spruce St. ; 2227 Pine St .
Captain 's Choice
This counter-service seafood spot in Mayfair has a relatively huge selection of wine to go — more than 50 bottles on offer .
6900 Frankford Ave .
Clarkville
The Cedar Park crowd can stop by this bi-level pizza bar and pick from two whites — one of which is swapped out for a rosé in the summertime — and three reds to go .
4301 Baltimore Ave .
Vino Volo
Heading to a friend 's house for dinner immediately after your flight ? Boom , this wine bar inside the Philly airport has you covered , with around 20 options for a bottle to go .
PHL Airport
Lacroix
Lucky for folks staying upstairs at the Rittenhouse Hotel , you can now purchase any bottle of the fine dining restaurant 's extensive wine list to take with you when you go .
210 W. Rittenhouse Sq .
Bistro Romano
There 's a huge wine cellar at this Headhouse Square Italian restaurant , and no set limitations to what 's on sale to go . Just come in , tell the staff what you 're looking for , and let them guide you to the right bottle .
120 Lombard St .
Jet Wine Bar
Jill Weber 's South Street West global wine mecca is currently offering eight varieties to go , including three red , three white , one sparkling and one rosé .
1525 South St .
Molly Malloy 's
By the summer , you should be able to pick up a bottle of one of the four reds or four whites at this pub in the middle of Reading Terminal Market . Ask for a cup or two and you can stroll the market while sipping at your leisure .
12th & Filbert St .
Local 44
This well-stocked West Philly bottle shop is known for quality over quantity in beer , and goes for that with wine too . Ten red , 10 white and two sparkling options available to go .
4333 Spruce St .
Pasqually 's Pizza
This University City pizzeria has over 50 wines to chose from , including a mix of reds and whites in regular bottles , 1.5-literss and even environmentally friendly boxes .
200 S. 43rd St .
Supermarkets
Oregon Avenue Acme
Head to the “ Frosted Mug ” beer garden section of the supermarket to find approximately a dozen reds , a dozen whites and 15 or so sparkling options that range from prosecco to moscato .
1901 Johnston St .
Bustleton Acme
There 's a lot of space out in the Northeast , so this outpost of Acme 's Frosted Mug carries around 80 different wines by the bottle .
920 Red Lion Rd .
LaSalle Fresh Grocer
Around 15 reds and 15 whites are on offer at any time at this supermarket next to LaSalle University .
5301 Chew Ave .
Grays Ferry Fresh Grocer
The grocery store in the strip mall just before the bridge to West Philly offers around a dozen reds and whites at any given time .
3021 Grays Ferry Ave .
University City Fresh Grocer
In the beer section of this supermarket next to the Penn campus are around 50 wine varieties waiting to be taken home . ( NB : It may soon be forced to close to make way for an Acme . )
4001 Walnut St .
West Philly Fresh Grocer
More than 50 different kinds of reds and whites are up for grabs at this supermarket in a mini urban strip mall .
5601 Chestnut St .
Monument Road Fresh Grocer
Just off of City Avenue and down the street from the NBC10 studios , this brand-new supermarket has a large selection , including a special premium cabinet filled with around 30 high-end fine wines for those special occasions .
4160 Monument Rd .
Fairmount Whole Foods
The pub and beer garden section of this sprawling supermarket next to the Art Museum offers around 15 bottles to go at any given time .
501 N. 22nd St .
PJP Marketplace
This supermarket has a beer garden inside , where you can now also choose from more than 50 wines by the bottle .
8920 Frankford Ave .
IGA 's Richmond Bottle Shop
The beer store connected to the IGA Super Market is at the top of the supermarket vino game , with more than 100 options curated by the Philadelphia Wine School .
2497 Aramingo Ave .
Island Avenue Shoprite
This Southwest Philly supermarket that just started selling wine ( and beer ) at the beginning of April is open while it undergoes renovations , with a grand relaunch planned for later this year . The bottle selection will expand over time .
2946 Island Ave .
Groceries , delis and bottle shops
Cork & Bottle
On the second floor of the new Chinatown Square food hall is a wine shop offering 50-plus bottles and all the accoutrements you need to enjoy them .
1016 Race St .
The Beer Store
This booze mart next to the Franklin Mills Mall might have the largest selection of wine bottles outside any state store — you can select from around 400 options .
399 Franklin Mills Circle
Beer Harbor II
This beer store went big into vino , with a selection of around 50 or so bottles at any given time .
5450 Large St .
DiBruno Bros. at The Franklin
This outpost of the century-old gourmet grocer offers between 50 to 60 varieties at any time , including reds , whites , rosés and sparkling . The carefully curated selection changes with the season .
834 Chestnut St .
Beer Heaven
This shop in a Columbus Avenue strip mall offers around 20 reds and 20 whites by the bottle .
1100 S. Columbus Blvd .
The Bottle Shop
More than 30 reds and 30 whites have been added to the large craft beer selection at this East Passyunk shop .
1616 E. Passyunk Ave .
Grant Avenue Takeout
This beer spot by the Northeast Philly Airport also offers around a dozen reds and whites by the bottle .
1900 Grant Ave .
Capital Beer
Red wine only at this takeout Chinese restaurant ( that also serves sushi ) — you ca n't get it via delivery , though , pickup only .
2661 E. Cumberland St .
Steak N Beer
Also red wine only at this takeout Chinese restaurant — and again no delivery , pickup only .
2769 Kensington Ave .
Lim Deli
This tiny corner shop has a wine permit , but does n't exactly sell what you 'd think of as wine . MD 20/20 — aka “ Mad Dog ” aka fortified wine often drunk from brown bags — is the only option .
3801 Germantown Ave .
Pinellas road rage victim says Trump bumper sticker prompted brutal attack Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Gregg Dunay [ + - ] Video
PINELLAS COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) – The victim of a brutal road rage incident in Pinellas County says they were attacked for supporting President Donald Trump .
The incident took place on Wednesday afternoon while the victim , Gregg Dunay was driving on 66th Street North in Kenneth City .
They tried to change lanes on the busy street , but another driver would n't let them pass . And things went downhill from there .
`` He was cursing at me , '' Dunay told News Channel 8 . `` He was saying F ... Trump , F ... Trump 's mother , all this stuff , blah , blah , blah . And I just said that is why Trump is now our President because of stuff like this . ''
They felt helpless .
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Gregg Dunay next to a Trump banner .
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Gregg Dunay next to a Trump banner .
`` Because I 'm scared , '' Dunay said . `` The way they almost ran me off the road . ''
Surveillance cameras captured the suspects at a gas station down the street .
When Dunay stopped at a light near the corner , a driver walked out of nowhere and attacked him .
`` And I turned and that 's when they punched me , '' Dunay said as they were listening to music at one moment and bloody and beaten in the next .
One witness did n't hear the words exchanged , but watched as the two drove down the street .
Dunay has no question as to the suspect 's motive .
`` The Trump sticker and the Trump banner , '' they told News Channel 8 . `` That 's what it 's all about . ''
Kenneth City Police agree it 's a case of road rage , but are still investigating whether the crime was politically motivated .
`` That may be the case or not the case , '' Chief Kevin Riley told News Channel 8 . `` We 're still investigating that . It will be part of our investigation . Again , we 're focused on the battery that occurred and finding the suspect or suspects . ''
Dunay is not shy about their support of Trump . He 's attended eight rallies and the President 's inauguration .
They say people should move on and accept the fact Trump is president .
`` We have to get it over it . You can change your mind in four years . ''
After the attack , Dunay was taken to the hospital and now has five stitches .
Later this month , those of you who backed the OUYA project when it launched on KickStarter last year will get your hands on a final unit of the game , three months before it 's set to arrive in stores . There 's no question that the little Android-based system has a staggering goal ahead of it , coming into a market just when gaming is about to shift over to the next generation with the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft 's next console looming .
But do n't count this little guy out yet . The folks over at OUYA have a plan , one that could present an interesting new take on this generation of video games . Here are a few reasons why this little system could make a huge impact in 2013 and beyond…
It 's Affordable
Where most next-gen systems will end up running you around $ 350 or higher ( depending on what you buy – the Wii U is the cheapest around $ 300 for a base model ) , the OUYA will end up running you around $ 100 . And while it does n't look like you 're getting much for your money , the system actually has some juice behind it , thanks to its Android support . Plus , that controller actually looks nifty – and the touch pad does n't take over half the design , as it does on the PlayStation 4 's controller .
It 's Developer Friendly
One aspect about the system that 's easy to spot is the ability to tinker around with its hardware . You can add on however you please , or simply leave it be and see what kind of processing it has to offer , then try your hand at game design and see how the game fares with the rest of the OUYA community . While the PlayStation 4 ( and , in some ways , the Xbox 720 ) will offer game sharing to some extent , the OUYA looks to make it more convenient in terms of making the system what you want it to be .
Development Costs Wo n't Go Through the Roof
As the next generation of gaming comes rolling in , there 's the question of how much money is needed to create that ideal experience . Killzone : Shadow Fall probably wo n't cost a mere $ 1 million to make , after all – those are some pretty graphics . And as a result , several development studios – or even publishers , like THQ – may be forced to close down when they do n't turn too much of a profit . With OUYA , developers do n't have to worry about breaking the bank in creating their gaming experiences , and they see better direct money earnings , since they do n't have to pay too many licensing fees as they would on other consoles .
There 's a Chance To Build a Real Community , Without a Fee
Unlike what the PlayStation 4 or Xbox 720 will have to offer , the OUYA does n't require a nominal membership fee in order to interact with it . Sure , you have to buy the games , but that 's usually expected anyway . The OUYA community could easily drum up a gaggle of not only indie developers who get to confer with one another , but also players looking for a more `` hardcore '' style of experience . The OUYA team should take advantage and implement strong communication tools for the system , as well as a forum where people can get to know each other better . And who knows what kind of cool game event it could host in June once the system actually launches . That is around E3 time , after all .
The `` Retro '' Door Is Wide Open
Along with creating new Android experiences , the OUYA could also be the home of several `` retro-style '' games for the system . Imagine what the team behind Super Meat Boy could do for the game . Or , for that matter , if Ubisoft released a complete version ( online play and all ) of Scott Pilgrim vs. the World . And that 's just getting started – several 8 and 16-bit style games could very well lead the way for an old-school comeback , one in which developers come up with all sorts of tricks that were unheard of in the actual 16-bit heyday . The `` classic '' gamers would come back , and there are a lot of us out there . And hey , are n't there SNES emulator on Android devices available already ? Hmmm…
It Wo n't Take Up Much Space
This may not be too big of a deal , but those of you with a dinky little entertainment center may not be too fond of having a huge , lumbering PS4 threatening to topple over at any time ( assuming its giant ) . The OUYA is a tiny little wonder , barely taking up any sort of space on your game shelf . The controller 's pretty slender too , easily tucked away with your games or TV remotes .
There are plenty of reasons for the OUYA to succeed , and it 'll be interesting to see how the system fares over the next few months . Once we get our hands on ours , we 'll give you full hands-on impressions , as well as an idea what to expect…
Review : Parabola GNU/Linux-libre Parabola GNU/Linux-libre is one of a few Linux distributions that meet the Free Software Foundation 's ( FSF ) guidelines for free operating systems . The distribution is based on Arch Linux and ships with the Linux-libre kernel , which does n't include software for which no source code is available ( or which is otherwise proprietary ) . On top of that Parabola removes any non-free packages from the system .
The distribution is available for the armv7 , i686 and x86_64 architectures . The main ISO boots to a command line , where we can manually install the operating system , while a live ISO gives us the MATE desktop and access to a basic graphical installer . Interestingly , it is also possible to migrate from Arch Linux to Parabola .
Installation
My main concern before I started my trial was hardware support and I therefore first tried the live ISO for version 2017.05.28 . The 64-bit image is 2.2GB in size and boots to a rather pink-looking MATE desktop ( the wallpaper and use of purple for elements like scroll bars reminded me of Pony OS ) . I was pleased to find that I could connect to wireless networks and that graphics and sound worked as expected .
While exploring the live environment I did note several bugs in applications . The most annoying issue was that menus often looked completely squashed . I have seen that issue before in MATE 1.16 ( which is the MATE version the live ISO uses ) and think it is related to applications missing GTK+ version 3 support . I also found that the Abiword word processor was completely unusable ; it somehow had a black background and trying to type or click anything would make the window flicker for several seconds .
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre 2017.05.28 -- Running the live MATE desktop with Abiword
( full image size : 491kB , resolution : 1366x768 pixels )
The live CD 's graphical installer did n't work for me either . It seems the installer is an experimental feature - there is hardly any documentation about it and while going through the installation steps I got error after error . The installation did finish but after rebooting my laptop I was presented with a completely black screen .
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre 2017.05.28 -- The command line installer
( full image size : 469kB , resolution : 1366x768 pixels )
The recommended way to install Parabola is by using the command line . This can be done via the MATE ISO ( simply open a terminal window ) but I decided to try the main ISO instead . Unfortunately , I found Parabola 's installation guide rather unhelpful . The guide provides a very rough outline of what needs to be done and refers to the Arch Linux wiki for more information at every stage . I quickly found that , in effect , I needed to follow the Arch Linux install guide but keep an eye out for any Parabola-specific steps . The first such step was the verification of package signatures and at this point I ran into trouble : the output showed various error 404s and the command failed . I noted similar errors while installing the base system later on and I therefore decided to take the alternative route by first installing Arch with the MATE desktop and then migrating to Parabola .
Parabola 's guide starts with a note about regenerating the Pacman keyring ( Pacman is Arch 's package manager ) . I was n't sure whether or not the note was relevant as it referred to a news article from 2014 . I decided to run the recommended commands , which was the wrong option - the output showed that the keyring I tried to install did n't exist . As I was unsure how to proceed I asked Parabola 's IRC channel for help , and I was quickly told that it was obvious that the note in the guide was no longer relevant .
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre 2017.05.28 -- Migrating from Arch to Parabola
( full image size : 188kB , resolution : 1366x768 pixels )
Interestingly , while I was in the IRC channel another user discovered that the Parabola website and repositories were down . This may well explain the errors I had encountered . In any case , after those issues were resolved the migration from Arch to Parabola went smoothly .
Your freedom
As mentioned , Parabola ships with the Linux-libre kernel and removes any non-free packages . The latter is achieved via the your-freedom package . The only job of this package is to conflict with all known non-free packages . When I migrated from Arch to Parabola and installed your-freedom it removed three such packages : intel-ucode ( something to with Intel CPUs ) , libxnvctrl ( something to do with NVIDIA ) and ttf-ubuntu-font-family ( a font I had installed in Arch ) .
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre 2017.05.28 -- Installing the your-freedom package
( full image size : 221kB , resolution : 1366x768 pixels )
The blacklisted packages can be viewed either via the very useful packages section on the Parabola website or by running `` pacman -Qi your-freedom '' in a terminal . The list includes everything from web browsers ( Firefox , Chromium , Opera , Vivaldi and QupZilla are all out ) to VirtualBox , codecs ( faac ) , firmware drivers ( b43-firmware , broadcom-wl ) and fonts , icon themes and wallpapers .
Another notable blacklisted package is yaourt , which is used to install packages from the Arch User Repository ( AUR ) . yaourt is banned because it enables users to install non-free packages ( or packages with proprietary dependencies ) . When I tried installing yaourt the package manager pointed out that it conflicts with your-freedom and asked if it was okay to remove the latter package . This made me realize that Parabola 's approach to keeping the system libre is n't that different from , for instance , Debian 's approach . In Debian , we can get access to forbidden fruits by appending `` contrib non-free '' to the repositories listed in the /etc/apt/sources.list file , while in Parabola you only need to remove the your-freedom package . Parabola obviously does n't advertise this option and removing the your-freedom package would defeat the purpose of running the distro but it is worth noting that installing non-free software in Parabola is as easy as it gets .
Software and package management
The absence of access to the AUR somewhat limits the amount of software available but almost all the software I normally use was in the standard repositories . The only thing I could n't install was tkPacman , a graphical front-end for the Pacman package manager . That meant I had to learn various Pacman commands for managing software . Pacman 's syntax is rather terse but after a week or so I found I no longer needed a Pacman cheat-sheet . During my trial I installed about two dozen applications , including Claws Mail , LibreOffice , GIMP , Scribus , Inkscape and Gvim . Arch is a rolling-release distro that aims to provide the latest and greatest software and most of the packages I installed were at the newest version . I encountered no issues while installing packages and updating the system .
Wi-fi again worked out of the box ( using the r8169 driver ) and I was able to play and edit media files , including MP3s . Playing DRM-protected DVDs obviously did n't work , and I also was n't able to use my printer . For me this is n't much of an issue - I very rarely watch DVDs and I have n't used my printer for years - but for others this may be problematic .
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre 2017.05.28 -- Trouble with printing pictures
( full image size : 265kB , resolution : 1366x768 pixels )
As with the live CD , I did encounter issues with various applications . The first browser I installed was Iceweasel ( version 54 ) which is a fork of Firefox created by Debian . The browser clearly has been heavily customized by the Parabola team . The default start page features advertisements for GNU and the GNU project 's DRM-free campaign and the default search engine is searx , which aggregates search results from search engines like Google without tracking users . The about : addons page has been replaced with a web page that talks about a different browser , IceCat , and provides links to a small selection of GNU-approved add-ons . I 'm not sure what other customizations have been made but Iceweasel was very buggy . Among others , entering a URL and hitting the Return key would often do nothing - instead , I had to click on the Go icon in the address bar to open a URL .
IceCat , a Firefox clone maintained the GNU project , worked slightly better . The browser is based on the extended support release of Firefox ( version 52.1 ) and comes with four pre-installed add-ons : HTTPS Everywhere , HTML5 Video Everywhere , SpyBlock ( based on Adblock Plus ) and LibreJS . The latter extension alerts users if a web page uses non-free JavaScript and encourages people to complain to the website about this . Pretty much all websites I visited featured the ‘ Complain ' tab , including IceCat 's add-on page and the searx page . Personally , I do n't feel passionate enough about non-free JavaScript to lodge complaints to websites and I removed the add-on . I also had to remove the HTML5 Video Everywhere extension as it caused the audio of video files embedded on web pages to start playing automatically as soon as a page was loaded .
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre 2017.05.28 -- Finding non-free JavaScript
( full image size : 150kB , resolution : 1366x768 pixels )
I had various annoying issues with other applications . After I had migrated from Arch , GTK+ version 2 applications such as Claws Mail , GIMP and HexChat did n't use the ( default ) MATE theme 's window decorations and therefore featured the ugly , square scroll bars and buttons you might remember from Windows 95 . Parabola 's IRC channel was unable to help with that issue but I eventually managed to solve it by installing the gtk2+extra package . There were various other minor annoyances . To give just a few examples : in single window mode GIMP could n't be maximized to full screen ; zooming in or out in the Caja file manager did n't increase or decrease the size of files and folders without refreshing the page , and after installing Inkscape I found it had become the default document viewer .
Conclusions
Fully free distributions have been on my radar for many years . The reason I had never tried any of them is because I assumed many things would n't work . When I first started using Linux I often had to deal with wi-fi and sound troubles . I 've never enjoyed dealing with such issues - copying commands that I do n't quite understand from a guide which I hope is trustworthy just is n't for me . I anticipated I would need to , at the very least , invest in a wireless dongle but I was wrong ; everything worked out of the box on my hardware .
What I had n't expected is that I would encounter dozens of small bugs in applications that very rarely cause me issues in other Linux distros . I was able to resolve most of these issues and I realize that some of the `` bugs '' could be the result of my unfamiliarity with Arch ( although , in my defense , the MATE desktop on the live ISO was buggy as well ) .
Another thing to mention is that the amount of software available is limited . For me this was n't much of an issue , with one exception : the absence of the Chromium browser . I need to use the Google Authenticator extension for my work but , unfortunately , Chromium was removed from the repository in March this year due to `` outstanding privacy and freedom violations '' . I understand the concerns about the browser - according to the Parabola mailing list the browser was blacklisted on the recommendation of Richard Stallman ( founder of the GNU project and Free Software Foundation ) because of `` hundreds of lines of minified JavaScript , non-free plugins , DRM , hard-coded connections to google.com and privacy leaks '' . However , the removal of Chromium does present me with a stark and somewhat surreal choice : either I quit my job or , in the words of Dr Stallman , I lose my freedom . I am pragmatic enough to choose the latter option . Personally , I rather use a distro that gives me the option to use a minimal amount of non-free software .
That said , I would recommend Parabola to people who feel very strongly about free software . Parabola stands on a solid foundation , provides cutting edge software and almost all of Arch 's outstanding documentation applies to Parabola . The installation and migration guides can be improved , some bugs need to be ironed out and a proper installer would be welcome but that should n't stop freedom-lovers from giving Parabola a try . * * * * * Hardware used for this review
My physical test equipment for this review was a Lenovo Z570 laptop with the following specifications : Processor : Intel Core i3-2350M , 2.3GHz
Memory : 4GB of RAM
Wireless network adaptor : Qualcomm Atheros AR9285
Wired network adaptor : Realtek RTL8101/2/6E 05 ) * * * * * Visitor supplied rating
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre has a visitor supplied average rating of : 7.7/10 from 12 review ( s ) .
Have you used Parabola GNU/Linux-libre ? You can leave your own review of the project on our ratings page .
Often people are curious about the fact that I am married to a man but call myself queer . It 's because I have had sex with more than one person , and I had unmarried sex quite a few times , and roughly half the people have been men and the other half have been women , and then there were a few people in between those genders who identified in differing ways , so it 's up to me to define myself , too , and so that would be queer . It 's the most fitting description , short and concise , and really to-the-point . I do n't know why it 's a difficult concept to understand . Most of the people I know have had sex with more than one person , and many have sex outside marriage . I just happen to have had it with people all along the gender scale .
I think what I respond to is androgyny , in all its forms . It 's often not obvious . Someone can look very male but then reveal themselves to be a true lady . A woman can appear incredibly feminine yet be super butch inside . We are all creatures of infinite possibility , and sexuality is one aspect where our souls and bodies really collide . It is one of the few instances where we are both spiritual and physical , so lots happens .
Bisexuality , for me , is probably the right term , too ; however , because I am also very attracted to transgendered people , that concept is limiting . To say that there are only two sexes is not true for me in my life , as even I feel somewhat transgendered myself , being female-bodied yet having so many male aspects to my personality . I think I would like to call myself bisexual more frequently because there is much invisibility for the `` B '' s in the LGBT community . Gays and lesbians might assume that we are not homosexual enough , and straight people might assume that we are in porn . These are both true and false for me . I am both too homosexual and not homosexual enough , and I have appeared in porn films but not having any kind of sex . I am considering this as a possibility for later in my career . How fantastic to start making hardcore porn at the age of 80 . I am not threatening you , but I just might . You never know .
Sex is very fascinating to me outside purely prurient interest . In general , the more conservative a person seems from the outside , the stranger they are in bed . I may appear wild , as I discuss sex in a frank manner , have much of my body tattooed and make a sexual spectacle of myself with my comedy and politics ; however , I am one of the most vanilla , boring , lifeless , selfish and easily tired lovers of all time . Seriously , I put myself to sleep . I am like a human Ambien and should be pursued by insomniacs the world over , as I will induce REM faster than any pill , with my weak grip and loose mouth . But it will be fun , and at least you could consider yourself queer for liking me , too . And get very sleepy .
Margaret Cho 's sixth concert film performance , Cho Dependent , filmed during their 2010 tour , makes its television debut on Showtime on Saturday , Oct. 15 . Check local listings for air times . For more info , visit their official website , MargaretCho.com .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) on Friday said that they opposed a constitutional amendment to ban corporations from having the same rights as people because the idea was “ absurd . ”
Speaking to the conservative American Enterprise Institute , McConnell accused President Barack Obama 's administration of using a “ culture of intimidation ” to stifle free speech .
Following the remarks , the Washington Free Beacon 's Lachlan Markay asked McConnell for their thoughts on a constitutional amendment proposed by Sens . Jon Tester ( D-MT ) and Chris Murphy ( D-CT ) to clarify that corporations are not “ people ” and restore Congress ' ability to limit corporate influence in elections .
“ Well you have to give them some points for not hiding it , ” McConnell quipped . “ They are uncomfortable with corporate free speech obviously . ”
“ They were not uncomfortable with corporate free speech when corporations that owned newspapers or television stations were engaging in it . They only become uncomfortable with it when the Supreme Court said , why should there be a carve out for corporations that own the media outlet and for no one else ? ”
The Kentucky Republican concluded : “ Its an absurd proposal and it wo n't go anywhere . ”
Watch this video from C-SPAN , uploaded on June 21 , 2013 .
Donald Trump ‘ s campaign requires volunteers to sign a contract that forbids them from criticizing the Republican presidential candidate , their family members , any Trump businesses or products , or their campaign . The six-page contract , reviewed in full by the Daily Dot , theoretically lasts for the entirety of a volunteer 's life .
Legal experts say , however , that the contract 's non-disparagement clause would likely never hold up in court .
The tight control of volunteers stands in stark contrast to not only American political-campaign norms but also Trump 's reputation for speaking their mind .
The contract first came to light late last week after Trump campaign emails indicated that some prospective volunteers were required to sign a non-disclosure agreement in order to make calls for the campaign from Trump Tower in Manhattan .
“ I do n't see how a court enforces this . ”
It was n't until Monday that the contracts were unveiled to prospective volunteers at Trump Tower . A Daily Dot review of the contract found that the document extends beyond the non-disclosure agreement that was originally reported .
In addition to forbidding volunteers from disparaging Trump , the contract also includes a sentence that demands volunteers prevent their employees from criticizing Trump , thus making volunteers responsible for the free speech of others for an indeterminate amount of time .
“ I guess they do n't know about the First Amendment , ” Davida Perry , an employment lawyer in New York City , told the Daily Dot . “ This is really shocking . ”
Non-disparagement , non-disclosure , and non-compete agreements—which are all found in Trump 's contract—are common in business contracts , but they apply to employees , not volunteers who receive no compensation for their time and work .
Because volunteers give up their rights but get nothing in return , the contract is likely legally unenforceable , professor Samuel Estreicher , who directs the labor program at NYU Law School , told NBC News .
The Trump campaign could risk a lawsuit by forcing volunteers to give up so much without treating them as employees , Jeanne Christensen , an employment lawyer at Wigdor LLP , told NBC .
The contract extends down to the lowest levels of the Trump campaign , including at call centers , where people spend hours making phone calls to convince other citizens to vote for Trump .
Donald Trump 's campaign contract
Daily Dot
2 . No Disparagement . During the term of your service and at all times thereafter you hereby promise and agree not to demean or disparage publicly the Company , Mr. Trump , any Trump Company , any Family Member , or any Family Member Company or any asset any of the foregoing own , or product or service any of the foregoing offer , in each case by or in any of the Restricted Means and Contexts and to prevent your employees from doing so . 3 . No Competitive Services . Until the Non-Compete Cutoff Date you promise and agree not to assist or counsel , directly or indirectly , for compensation or as a volunteer , any person that is a candidate or exploring candidacy for President of the United States other than Mr. Trump and to prevent your employees from doing so .
Volunteers also sign a non-disclosure agreement , forbidding them from sharing any sensitive information from the campaign . What kind of information is sensitive or confidential is completely at Trump 's discretion , according to the contract .
“ He 's apparently so afraid that people would say something bad about them after spending some time on their campaign that they have to sign some sort of agreement , ” Perry explained . “ I do n't see how this stands up . I do n't see how a court enforces this . ”
Volunteers must also sign a non-compete agreement that extends until Trump ceases their campaign for president , identified in the contract as the “ Non-Compete Cutoff Date. ” The agreement also forbids volunteers from working for another presidential candidate , should they change their minds .
In the event of a Trump victory in November 's general election , the non-compete clause could extend until their 2020 reelection campaign or even 2024 , at the end of a second Trump term , the document explains . If Trump loses but wants to run again in the next election or in any presidential election in the future , the contract states the volunteer can not work for another candidate .
Volunteers are , once again , theoretically bound to “ to prevent your employees from ” working on any other presidential campaign at any point while Trump is running for president , ostensibly locking them into Trump 's political career for life .
The Daily Dot viewed Trump 's volunteer contract at the campaign 's New York City headquarters on Monday morning . During that time , approximately two dozen prospective Trump volunteers handed over their state identification , submitted to a voluntary background check , and took the contract to read over and sign .
The Trump campaign did not respond to our request for comment .
Update 3:09pm CT , Sept. 2 , 2016 : As Cincinnati.com reports , Trump 's nondisclosure agreement must now be agreed to by volunteers who sign up online .
Illustration via Max Fleishman
Maple Leaf Dairy is one of those classic old-school ice cream parlours . Now , I do n't mean old-school in the way a new spot on Queen West might salvage a vintage wooden bench and offer straws from a throwback dispenser . I mean a bona-fide , hasn't-seen-a-renovation-in-decades-type of old-school spot , complete with a cheesy exterior slogan and mint green floors . And regulars love Maple Leaf Dairy for it .
Hard to miss near the corner of Danforth and Dawes in the east end , Maple Leaf Dairy makes its statement even before customers enter its front doors -- '' May All Your Days Be Ice Cream Days . '' Well said , Maple Leaf sign , well said . Trouble is , this ice cream parlour is actually only open seasonally , seriously hindering the public 's ability to `` ice cream '' every one of their days . Hinder , but not prohibit . The Maple Lead ice cream shop sits adjacent to its very own factory ( dubbed St. Clair ) , which supplies the parlour with its flavours and also offers customers tubs to take home .
I enter the shop and am greeted by two staff scoopers , who fill me in on the history of the business . Open since the 1930 's , they tell me the factory got its name for its original location on St. Clair , but the current owner wanted to keep the name and facade the same . Maple Leaf Dairy only serves its own ice cream , with about 40 or so flavours in store at any given time . The entire roster of ice cream varieties is displayed on the shop 's wall , with green stars indicating which flavours are currently in stock .
The vibe , as I 've said , is utterly traditional . This place is strictly cash-only with really basic ice cream options . Essentially , you can opt for a milkshake ( $ 4.75 ) , sundae ( $ 5.75 ) , or kiddie ( $ 2.25 ) , single ( $ 3.00 ) , double ( $ 4.75 ) , or triple ( $ 5.75 ) , with the choice of either a cup or cone . The uniqueness of the flavours does n't rival those of Greg 's or Ed 's with their beer and marshmallow , but instead the parlour sticks mostly with the classics â the rocky roads , mint chocolate chip , and classic strawberry varieties . That said , I did spot a few divergent options such as red bean and green tea , but for the most part , Maple Leaf sticks with the tried and true .
Though I 'm told that maple walnut is a favourite among Maple Leaf Dairy customers , I 've always been partial to fruit flavoured ice creams . Cautious about Maple Leaf 's reputation for humungous servings , I opt for a kiddie scoop of mango ice cream . And lo and behold , I ca n't finish it . When I ask the staff about scoop size rules of thumb , I 'm told that kiddie scoops are supposed to be the size of tennis balls and single scoops the size of softballs . `` But actually , they end up being a bit bigger , '' Maple Leaf staffer Travis says .
No kidding ! I 'd wager that my `` kiddie '' scoop was actually the size of a softball , packed to the brim of a little styrofoam cup . The ice cream had a superbly smooth consistency and was not overly sweet , which is always a good thing when it comes to a frozen treat . The mango flavour was a little more modest than I was expecting , though I should note that I have been on a gelato kick of late . Generally speaking , ice cream does n't pack the same intensity of flavour as its milk-based cousin , so the shyness of the mango in this case can be forgiven .
And the price simply ca n't be beat . Though staff tell me of decades-long customers who recount when they could grab a cone for $ 0.25 at Maple Leaf , I think a too-big-to-finish scoop for a couple of dollars is amazing all the same . Leave it to the old-school parlour to get it right .
Photos by Morris Lum
Every week we get Down & Dirty , in which we break down our favorite unique seasonal fruits , vegetables , and more .
Today : We 're full of sage advice .
Shop the Story
Meet sage -- another member of the mint family ( siblings include basil , lemon balm , shiso , and thyme , among others ) , and a particularly lovely member , we might add . Sage leaves have intricately patterned tops ( 2 , below ) -- like the vegetable world 's answer to stingray skin -- and delicately veined undersides ( 1 , below ) . Plus they are soft . Very soft . Just try and pick up a bundle of sage and not pet the leaves -- it 's as if they came straight out of a child 's touch-and-feel book .
Do n't get the wrong idea though : Just because they are soft -- so soft -- does n't mean they are n't strong . Unlike other types of fresh herbs that should be added near the end of cooking , lest their flavor get lost , sage can handle the heat . Deborah Madison adds : “ There 's no need to add sage at the end , unless as a garnish , as with fried sage leaves . ”
The most commonly available type of sage is -- you guessed it -- common sage . There are a number of different kinds of sage ( a handful of which we actually eat ) , but there is one type you might regularly eat without realizing it -- chia seeds . Chia seeds come from a type of sage grown for its seeds rather than its leaves .
If you grow your own sage , when summer rolls around again , do n't miss out on the blossoms ; they 're pretty , but they 're really tasty , too . Sprinkle them on salads , whip up a batch of herb and blossom tempura , or make sage blossom jelly or syrup , the latter of which can be put to good use in cocktails and lemonade .
More : If you have more fresh sage than you know what to do with , try drying it .
Sage 's reputation is too often limited to that of a ubiquitous stuffing ingredient or a misunderstood act of purification . We do n't need to tell you that sage 's comforting piney flavor is a natural with roasted vegetables or that it goes perfectly with pork and poultry , and you 're probably already pairing it with herbs like rosemary and thyme -- as you should . But are you eating much sage for breakfast ? ( And sausage does n't count . ) Are you sticking it in sauces or serving sage in appetizers ? If not , you should start doing all of those things , too :
Breakfast
Begin your day with sage .
Appetizers
Snack on some sage .
Condiments
Let sage get saucy .
Desserts
Get to know sage 's sweeter side .
Another added bonus of consuming more sage : It just might boost your memory power , and as we enter into another hectic holiday season , could n't we all use the extra help ?
We also like sage in beverages -- boozy or otherwise . Tell us : How do you like to use fresh sage ?
Second to last photo by James Ransom ; all others by Alpha Smoot
Rectorial Election - 2017
The University of Glasgow has received the following nominations for the next election of the Rector .
Aamer Anwar
Dr Leif Azzopardi ( withdrawn )
Brace Belden
Sir Vince Cable
Lady Hazel Cosgrove
Graeme Eddolls ( withdrawn )
Thomas Hind
John Lindberg
Duncan Logie
Professor Jordan Peterson
Jonathan JJ Tease
Milo Yiannopolous
All nominees have personally agreed to take part in the election which will be conducted electronically and under the single-transferable-vote system ( www.electoral-reform.org.uk/single-transferable-vote ) from 9am on 20 March until 4pm on 21 March 2017 .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Dear Student ,
The University is calling for nominations for the University Rector . The Rector is elected by registered students of the University and the main role of the Rector is to represent the interests of the University 's students . The current Rector is Edward Snowden and their term of office finishes in April 2017 .
Nominations are to be submitted to the Nomination Court by 12pm on Friday 3 March 2017 . Submissions must be made in hard copy to the Senate Office or nominated office for students studying away from the Main Gilmorehill Campus .
The election will be conducted electronically from 9am on 20 March until 4pm on 21 March 2017 .
The following forms and notices are attached : -
Election of Rector ( a notice from the Secretary of the University Court ) ;
Nomination Procedures ( directions from the Clerk of Senate ) ;
Conditions and Procedures for the Election ( directions from the Clerk of Senate ) ;
Form of Nomination ;
Form of Agreement ( signed by sponsors ) ;
The Rector ( a note on the Rector 's role from the Secretary of the University Court )
Regards
Professor John Briggs
Clerk of Senate and Vice Principal
CLOSE Republican and Democratic Senators sparred over the GOP-backed tax reform plan on Thursday night . Republicans are reworking parts of the plan and are considering limiting some tax cuts to keep a handle on the budget deficit . ( Dec. 1 ) AP
Republicans trade health coverage mandate for $ 338 billion for tax cuts : Our view
Protest in Washington on Nov. 30 , 2017 . ( Photo11 : Saul Loeb , AFP/Getty Images )
The Senate tax bill in its final stages of debate has many flaws . But none is more disconcerting — and none represents a more thorough reversal of what used to be bedrock Republican principles — than its ending of the requirement that all Americans have health insurance .
This requirement , known as the individual mandate , is a centerpiece of the Affordable Care Act . Senate Republicans tacked repeal of the mandate on to their tax bill as a way to help fund a host of cuts for corporations and wealthy interests .
It 's worth remembering that Republicans were for the individual mandate before they were against it . From 1993 to 2008 , they sold it with the argument that individual responsibility , not government intrusion in markets , should be at the heart of any health care reform .
That all changed in 2009 when newly elected President Obama , who had opposed a mandate during the previous year 's Democratic primaries , decided that it should be part of their plan . Once Obama was for it , Republicans decided they had to be against it .
OPPOSING VIEW : End the individual mandate
Their original position was the right one . The mandate , which the Supreme Court upheld , is vital to ensure the viability of markets where individuals can buy coverage .
Because issuers would still be required to cover pre-existing conditions and children up to age 26 , what insurance company in its right mind would offer policies if consumers could wait until they got sick to buy ? Carriers would either pull out of individual markets or jack up their premiums .
If the mandate is ended , the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that the number of people with health insurance would drop by 4 million in 2019 . By 2027 , CBO says , 13 million fewer people would have coverage — more than the population of Pennsylvania . Average premiums would increase by about 10 % .
Some of the 13 million would be `` young invincibles '' who think they do n't need coverage . But many would be people who want insurance but ca n't afford it or ca n't buy it at any price .
The main purpose of ending the mandate is to find $ 338 billion to partially offset tax cuts . That is not found money . It is $ 338 billion in subsidies that health care providers wo n't get when some of the 13 million uninsured start showing up in emergency rooms . Treating those people raises prices for everyone else .
If Republicans had any sense , they 'd go back to their roots . This would include support for international trade and balanced budgets , and a lower tolerance for a president who brags about grabbing women 's genitalia . And it should definitely include a personal responsibility agenda when it comes to health coverage .
USA TODAY 's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board , separate from the news staff . Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature .
To read more editorials , go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion email newsletter . To respond to this editorial , submit a comment to letters @ usatoday.com .
If you ca n't see this reader poll , please refresh your page .
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2zDYqdQ
Two weeks ago , when oil prices started to nudge higher , gasoline prices jumped by 15 or 20 cents a litre in some parts of Canada .
It was a reminder that gasoline prices are something of a black box . They sometimes go up when oil prices go down — or vice versa . The price changes are n't always proportional to changes in oil .
There 's the whole long weekend thing , when prices seem to rise just before Canadians are buckling up for a road trip .
So here , we do our best to track a barrel of oil from Alberta to a gas station in Toronto .
A few caveats
Before we begin , some of the numbers are estimates , since refiners do n't like to share their profit margins .
As well , we use a barrel of Alberta oil , Western Canadian Select ( WCS ) , which trades at a lower price than the more common type of North American oil ( known as West Texas Intermediate , or WTI ) because it 's harder to refine .
Most WCS heads to the U.S. , but some is refined in Canada . Since it 's cheaper than WTI or Brent crude , there 's a higher profit margin on it . That 's one reason refiners would like to see the Energy East Pipeline get approved , to get access to that cheaper oil .
Nebulous correlation
The most interesting thing I learned in this was the wholesale gasoline market trades independently from the crude oil market . They 're connected , of course , but wholesale market is affected by factors like the refinery strike in the U.S. right now .
That wholesale market is also influenced by speculators , who will trade the price of gasoline up or down to make a buck . That market is really the one to watch , when you 're trying to figure out where gasoline prices are heading .
Thanks to Jason Parent of MJ Ervin and Associates , Roger McKnight of EnPro and Dan McTeague of Gasbuddy.com for helping sort through the thicket of information .
If I could pick just one word to describe Prometheus , Ridley Scott 's highly-anticipated quasi-prequel to their 1979 sci-fi classic Alien , it would be this : gooey . To be honest , you 'd be a little disappointed if it were anything else . Those who 'll be waiting in line to see it this weekend should not only expect gelatinous space-worms bursting out of the throats and/or torsos of their screaming astronaut victims ( and in 3-D , no less ) ; they 're likely looking for it . I recently called Scott , the granddaddy of cinematic alien slime , while they were in London for the movie 's UK premiere . We talked about the evils of religion , Star Wars , why he 'll never be a space tourist , and their plans for a Moses biopic .
ERIC SPITZNAGEL : I got kind of an Old Testament vibe from Prometheus .
RIDLEY SCOTT : Great . Then I 've done my job .
ES : So that was intentional ?
RS : Oh , yes . I 'm really intrigued by those eternal questions of creation and belief and faith . I do n't care who you are , it 's what we all think about . It 's in the back of all our minds .
ES : In the Old Testament , God is kind of an asshole .
RS : Yeah , they were pretty hard on us , was n't he ?
ES : Humanity 's creators in Prometheus are n't much better . The `` Engineers , '' as they 're called , are really prickish and hostile . Are they a metaphor for your feelings about God ?
RS : Me , personally ?
ES : Yeah . Do you believe in a supreme deity who 's sadistic and cruel and maybe hates us ?
RS : Well , that 's not me . That 's Paradise Lost .
ES : You think Milton got it right ?
RS : I do n't think so literally , but it seems analogous sometimes . The only guy in Paradise Lost having a good time is that son-of-a-bitch dark angel .
ES : My favorite part of Prometheus is when a battered and bloody Noomi Rapace reaches for their crucifix necklace , and the decapitated robot head says to her , `` Even after all this , you still believe . '' In that scene , are you Noomi or the robot head ?
RS : That 's hard to say . [ Long pause ] I do despair . That 's a heavy word , but picking up a newspaper every day , how can you not despair at what 's happening in the world , and how we 're represented as human beings ? The disappointments and corruption are dismaying at every level . And the biggest source of evil is of course religion .
ES : All religions ?
RS : Can you think of a good one ? A just and kind and tolerant religion ?
ES : Not off the top of my head , no .
RS : Everyone is tearing each other apart in the name of their personal god . And the irony is , by definition , they 're probably worshipping the same god .
ES : You know what would be awesome ? You need to make a film adaptation of a Bible story .
RS : Oh , yeah .
ES : Maybe the Virgin birth ? No movie 's ever told that story with enough gloopy , viscous afterbirth .
RS : No , I 've got something else in the works . I 'm already doing it . It 's called Moses .
ES : You 're kidding .
RS : Seriously , seriously . It 's going to happen .
ES : With all apologies to Charlton Heston , that sounds like it 's going to be the most amazing film about Moses ever made .
RS : It is . I probably should n't have let that slip out . I 'm not supposed to say anything .
ES : Who am I going to tell ?
RS : It 's definitely in the cards , though . What 's interesting to me about Moses is n't the big stuff that everybody knows . It 's things like their relationship with Ramses [ II , the pharaoh ] . I honestly was n't paying attention in school when I was told the story of Moses . Some of the details of their life are extraordinary .
ES : Do you believe in aliens ? Is there life outside our planet ?
RS : Yes , absolutely . Without any question .
ES : You 're that convinced ?
RS : I 'm that convinced . And that 's not just me letting my imagination run wild and all that bullshit . Just stare up at the stars at night , and you 'll have those corny thoughts like we all do . How can you look at the galaxy and not feel insignificant ? How on earth can we be it ? It does n't make sense .
ES : But believing in aliens is n't all that different from believing in a divine creator . It 's not like there 's evidence . It 's still about faith , right ?
RS : It does n't matter how much faith you have or do n't have . I just do n't buy the idea that we 're alone . There 's got to be some form of life out there .
ES : Well , there does n't have to be . It 'd be nice .
RS : We 'll find out soon . That probe that 's landing on Mars this summer ... What 's it called ?
ES : Curiosity .
RS : Yeah . [ Laughs ] Great name , by the way . They 're going to get in there and look at the ice particles , correct ?
ES : I really do n't know much about it .
RS : I think that 's what it is . They 're already speculating that they might find life . Or an early stage of life , like dormant particles . I would n't call it bacteria , but a life form .
ES : We 're getting closer to space tourism becoming a reality . Have you bought a ticket yet on the Virgin Galactic ?
RS : Good God no . No , no . Not a chance .
ES : You have no interest in being an astronaut ?
RS : Nothing could interest me less . I 'd much rather have a martini and go to a nice restaurant .
ES : You could do a lot more than that with the money . Tickets on the Virgin Galactic are $ 200,000 .
RS : Really ? That 's fucking absurd . I 'm just not their target audience for this . The idea of flying in general does not appeal to me . I can barely understand why people want to fly at all , other than that it 's occasionally necessary .
ES : You would n't be in London right now if it was n't for air travel .
RS : And I 'm not delusional . I know it 's a good thing . But I do n't understand flying as a recreational activity . I understand glider-flying . I understand doing a loop-the-loop in a biplane . But I do n't understand getting in a plane with no real destination and just sailing around in the air for two hours and then landing . That 's insanity to me .
ES : In Alien and now Prometheus , you make space travel seem like a nightmare . If your movies are to be believed , it involves long stretches of boredom and sadness , punctuated with moments of extreme violence and terror . Do you think that 's what it 's really like ?
RS : Totally . [ Laughs ] You 're actually a sentimentalist . If you 're doing any serious space travel , going any respectable distance , you have to be put into a coma for the journey .
ES : You mean cryogenics ?
RS : That 's right . I do n't know if the technology is even close to being practical yet , but I know I do n't want any part of it . I think going into space would be like going deep into the ocean , like 5,000 meters down . When you go down that far , it 's just awfully black . There 's not much there except mud and some particles . I imagine space would be a similar thing . The only difference is you 're hoping to bump into some sort of intelligent extraterritorial being .
ES : And then you have the question of , are they the good kind of E.T. , or the bastard kind ?
RS : Exactly .
ES : Do they want to be our friends , or burrow through our intestines ?
RS : I do n't know . But if they 're out there , they 're definitely superior to us .
ES : Why are you so sure ?
RS : Well , by definition — the distance they must have traveled to get to us — they 're obviously way ahead of us in terms of intelligence .
ES : Were you at all reluctant to revisit Alien with a prequel ? There are so many ways it could 've backfired .
RS : It was challenging , but it 's also a very happy thing to do , because people love the series so much . It 's nice to reawaken that old enthusiasm in an audience . It 's kind of what we do as filmmakers . It 's why people read books about characters or situations they 're already familiar with . It 's why there were six-Star Wars films .
ES : But right there , the Star Wars prequels — that 's a pretty convincing cautionary tale for how a prequel can blow up in your face . George Lucas probably should 've left well enough alone .
RS : Well , all I can say is that , of all the movies , my favorite was the first one . The original Star Wars .
ES : Not Empire Strikes Back ?
RS : No , no , no . Star Wars was head and shoulders above everything else .
ES : I 'm speechless . I do n't think I 've ever talked to anybody who believed that .
RS : It really is true . It 's the best in the series by far .
ES : For what reason ? The story ? The simplicity of the special effects ?
RS : All of it . It had some nice characters , and it was very tangible . The story was very clear and concise , and the special effects were modest . I think they still hold up . They 're not show-off-y .
ES : Lucas went a little overboard with the special effects in the prequels . How do you find that balance between having fun with movie effects and not giving your audience a headache ?
RS : You just need a good story . Usually , when special effects get in the way , it 's because the story is n't strong enough . If you do n't start with a strong screenplay , it 's easy to fall back on special effects , thinking it 's going to carry you . But it never works . It 's just tiresome .
ES : Is there any way you 'd consider remaking the Star Wars prequels ?
RS : Why would I do that ?
ES : I do n't know . So they 'd be good ?
RS : [ Long pause ] I do n't think so . The first Star Wars is fine . If you 're looking for that kind of thing , just watch it again .
Twenty-four hours ago , 81-year-old Jerry Richardson was the Panthers ' owner and there was no reason to think that was changing anytime soon . But by Sunday evening , Richardson had announced that they would sell the team , hours after an explosive SI.com story detailing allegations of workplace misconduct and confidential payouts .
It did n't take long for potential suitors to make themselves known , starting with rapper and producer Diddy who wants to bring Colin Kaepernick back to the NFL .
`` The North Carolina Panthers are up for sale . I believe it 's time to turn the franchise over to new ownership , '' Diddy said in an Instagram post . `` I need to send a message out to everybody in the beautiful state of North Carolina : I will be the best NFL owner that you can imagine . I will immediately address the Colin Kaepernick situation and put them in the running for next year 's starting quarterback . It 's just competition , baby ! It 's just competition .
`` But also , I will have the best halftime show , the best selection of music and we will win [ multiple Super Bowls ] . ''
Putting aside Diddy not knowing the team name ( `` The North Carolina Panthers '' ) , or the idea that benching Cam Newton for Kaepernick would be a good idea , there was still plenty of interest .
First Golden State Warriors superstar Steph Curry tweeted this :
And by Monday morning , Kaepernick was all in too -- not as a quarterback but as an owner :
I want in on the ownership group ! Let 's make it happen ! https : //t.co/sDR4ciciY8 — Colin Kaepernick ( @ Kaepernick7 ) December 18 , 2017
Diddy , who 's reportedly worth $ 820 million , would certainly have the resources to lead an ownership group , and he 'd become the only African American to own a majority stake in an NFL team . And that , in part , is why Eagles safety and social activist Malcolm Jenkins supports the idea .
This needs to happen ! ... for so many reasons . For the culture , the betterment of the @ NFL , and the pure entertainment that is guaranteed to be EPIC ! # NewOwnership ✊🏾 https : //t.co/H0xJTKZzkg — Malcolm Jenkins ( @ MalcolmJenkins ) December 18 , 2017
As CBSSports.com 's Will Brinson points out , the Panthers have been valued at $ 2 billion , which is in line with the $ 1.5 billion price Terry and Kim Pegula paid for the Bills in 2014 .
Story from The Takeaway . Listen to the above audio for a complete report .
It 's an issue that vexes American parents : how and when to talk about sex with their teens .
In the Netherlands , however , it 's not so difficult . Sociologist Amy Schalet was born in the United States , but they grew up in the Netherlands . When they returned to the U.S. , they were shocked to discover that teen pregnancy was still a huge issue and that parents struggled with and often avoided talking about sex with their teens .
So Schalet did what researchers do : they researched . And they released their research in a new book , `` Not Under My Roof : Parents , Teens and the Culture of Sex , '' which looks at Dutch attitudes and behaviors when compared to those in America . In their research , they discovered that while the Dutch take a much more permissive reaction toward teenagers in general , but especially with regards to sex , they actually can often exert more influence over their teens ' choices .
`` I always try to say the key thing is not that you as parents need to permit sleepovers , '' Schalet said . `` What is very important is their sons and especially their daughters feel comfortable confiding in their parents and get guidance . ''
Schalet said they discovered that there is a much tighter bond between Dutch teens and their parents then here in the United States . They attribute that , in part , to the way Dutch parents are having the sex talk with teens . Rather than focus on all the dangers of having sex , parents there focus more on the decision-making process .
`` I 've compared two countries — one where that 's not a radical idea , as long as young people are 16-17-18 , ready , using contraception and in a positive relationship . That 's a really important part of it ... it 's not everything goes , which many American audiences often think , '' Schalet said .
Schalet 's research , which tried to account for racial and cultural differences between the two countries by comparing middle class whites that were moderately religious or secular in both countries , also found that the American approach may exacerbate the situation in other ways .
`` I had so many American girls who said they 'd kill me if they found out , '' they said . `` I think girls then , because they have to go it alone , because they do n't get their parents guidance , are less resilient in dealing with the media , less resilient in dealing with boys . ''
As they present their research to parents , Schalet says many Americans are surprised and interested that there may be another approach to dealing with sex and teens . They said that , instead of just talking about the dangers of sex , it focuses on how to help your teens know when they 're ready and what makes up a positive relationship .
`` If you want to have an influence on your children , '' they said , `` you need to make sure they do n't feel too ashamed to discuss it with you when the time comes .
An Amazon delivery driver was allegedly held at gunpoint Thursday in Chicago 's Bridgeport neighborhood before the suspect took off in their truck.Police said the male driver was heading back to their vehicle after making a delivery in the 3100-block of South Normal Avenue when a gunman walked up to them and demanded their keys.The driver handed them over and the suspect took off in the Amazon truck , heading south on Normal , police said . Investigators have not yet located the vehicle.The driver was not hurt during the robbery.The incident follows a string of robberies , targeting delivery drivers making deliveries in the city in recent weeks.Since December , thieves have hit at least a half dozen different delivery trucks in Chicago , sometimes stealing just packages and in other cases making off with the trucks themselves.Earlier this week , two postal workers were both robbed on the city 's South Side.Amazon spokesperson , Ernesto Apreza , issued the following statement in regards to Thursday 's robbery which said , `` Our thoughts are with the delivery associate . Amazon will cooperate with the police and our service provider to bring the perpetrator to justice . `` Detectives are still investigating the robbery but so far , no one is in custody and no arrests have been made .
During a tele-townhall , Maloney said someone should `` lose their job '' over the Obamacare website problems . ( Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call File Photo )
An upstate New York Democrat in a swing district is calling for somebody to be fired over the disastrous Obamacare website rollout .
During a Tuesday tele-townhall , Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney answered a caller concerned about the ability of people to get covered and meet the individual mandate to buy health insurance .
Maloney said that they would n't be “ sugar coating ” the problems with the website .
“ I 'd like to see somebody lose their job over this . I think it 's outrageous , ” they said .
http : //youtu.be/R9yirDanu6w
When asked about the comment , Maloney 's office sent a statement to CQ Roll Call .
`` I ran my own software company — I know what it takes to meet deadlines , ” Maloney said in the statement . “ The success of this program and the ability of folks to navigate these exchanges is more important than protecting anyone who failed to do their job . ''
Maloney did not specifically call for Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to go . Sebelius is expected to face a grilling when they testify on Capitol Hill next week , and the White House has been peppered with questions for days about the troubled rollout of the health care exchanges . It 's an open question whether other Democrats in swing states and districts like Maloney 's will call for heads to roll .
Tim Miller , the executive director of the conservative America Rising political action committee , said the troubled launch of the website will hurt Democrats next year .
`` Democrats who were cheerleading Obamacare for the past four years are n't going to be able to hide behind Johnny-come-lately complaints about implementation in the midterms , ” they said .
From Paul Graham 's recent essay :
I think what religion and politics have in common is that they become part of people 's identity , and people can never have a fruitful argument about something that 's part of their identity . By definition they 're partisan .
Which topics engage people 's identity depends on the people , not the topic . For example , a discussion about a battle that included citizens of one or more of the countries involved would probably degenerate into a political argument . But a discussion today about a battle that took place in the Bronze Age probably would n't . No one would know what side to be on . So it 's not politics that 's the source of the trouble , but identity . When people say a discussion has degenerated into a religious war , what they really mean is that it has started to be driven mostly by people 's identities . . . .
The most intriguing thing about this theory , if it 's right , is that it explains not merely which kinds of discussions to avoid , but how to have better ideas . If people ca n't think clearly about anything that has become part of their identity , then all other things being equal , the best plan is to let as few things into your identity as possible .
Most people reading this will already be fairly tolerant . But there is a step beyond thinking of yourself as x but tolerating y : not even to consider yourself an x . The more labels you have for yourself , the dumber they make you .
ALLEN PARK -- Jeremy Ross was one of the Detroit Lions ' most pleasant surprises last season , especially on kick and punt return . It looked as though they would be the prohibitive favorite to handle those duties in 2014 . Then Detroit went out and signed the best punt returner in the business . Golden Tate inked a five-year deal with the Lions for what they can provide as a complement to Calvin Johnson in the passing game , but they also are rated by ProFootballFocus as the No . 1 punt returner last season with Seattle . They say they do n't know if he 'll continue to field punts with the Lions , but hopes to compete for those duties . `` Anytime I can get the ball in my hands and try to create a big play , I want it , '' Tate said . `` I 'm not sure what the plan is , as far as the return game goes . I just hope I get the opportunity to prove myself and compete for that job . '' Tate averaged 11.5 yards per return last season and had a long of 71 . But it will be difficult for Detroit to demote Ross , who was electric after signing midway through last season . They averaged 16.2 yards on their 15 attempts , which would have ranked third in the league last year had they qualified , and took one to the house against Philadelphia . They also scored on a kick return that week , personally accounting for 12 of Detroit 's 20 points in the loss . Ross has earned a right to compete for the job , but Tate has proven they can do it over the long haul . That should be an intriguing battle to watch throughout camp , provided Detroit allows Tate to compete for it . Tate did say they met with Lions special teams coordinator John Bonamego during their visit to Allen Park this week . `` If it 's meant to be , it 's meant to be , '' Tate said . `` But we 'll see . It 's a little too early to really determine all that . ''
New Delhi : India 's solar power sector has turned a corner after the record low-winning bids of Rs2.97 per kilowatt-hour ( kWh ) to build 750 mega watt ( MW ) plant at Rewa in Madhya Pradesh ( MP ) on Friday .
With effective levelized tariff—the value financially equivalent to different annual tariffs over the 25 year period of the power purchase agreement—of around Rs3.30 per unit , the power from sun has become a competitive energy source vis-à-vis the coal-fuelled conventional source of electricity .
The conversation has also moved from subsidy or the viability gap funding ( VGF ) being used to help bring the tariffs down as was demonstrated by the MP bids , as pointed out by Manu Shrivastava , managing director , Madhya Pradesh Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd ( MPUVNL ) in an interview to Mint .
The bids were called by Rewa Ultra Mega Power Ltd , a joint venture of Solar Energy Corp. of India Ltd ( SECI ) and MPUVNL .
The issue also assumes importance given India 's commitments within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the country receiving solar radiation of 5 to 7 kWh per sq . m for 300-330 days in a year .
A quick tariff comparison with conventional fuel sources such as coal drives home the point about solar energy no longer being a green fad but a game changer in India 's energy mix . A case in point being state-run NTPC Ltd ; India 's largest power generation utility , which supplies electricity from coal fuelled power projects at ₹ .20 a unit . Also , according to Bridge to India , a solar energy consulting firm , successful bids for new thermal power plants in India in the past two years have been between ₹ .93 and ₹ 4.98 per kWh .
“ No one expected a tariff of Rs2.97 per unit for the Rewa project…As compared to US¢ 4.4/kWh , the tariffs bid in West Asia have been as low as US¢ 3/kWh . This is primarily due to low cost of financing there , '' added Sanjeev Aggarwal , managing director and chief executive of Amplus Energy Solutions Pvt . Ltd , which has offered to sell rooftop solar power at a record-low tariff of Rs3 per unit .
To be sure , Amplus Solar 's tariff has a 70 % subsidy component .
It could n't be a worse time for the coal-fuelled power plants in the country as India 's current installed capacity of 3,10,005 MW and the projects under construction are expected to meet the country 's electricity demand till 2026 . This effectively means that there will be no requirement for coal fuelled power plants in the country till then .
“ The ( TERI ) report estimates that no new investments are likely to be made in coal-based power generation in the years prior to that , '' said TERI , a New Delhi-based think tank working on environment issues in a statement on Monday .
In India , which is the biggest greenhouse gas emitter after the US and China , renewable energy currently accounts for 15 % , or 45,917 MW , of the total installed capacity of 3,10,005 MW . Of this , solar capacity was 9,012.69 MW as of 31 December 2016 with coal fuelled power projects accounting for around 61 % of the country 's installed capacity .
“ The TERI report also estimates that beyond 2023-24 , new power generation capacity could be all renewables , based on cost competitiveness of renewables as well as the ability of the grid to absorb large amounts of renewable energy together with battery-based balancing power , '' the TERI statement added .
India 's demand for renewable energy is expected to grow seven times by 2035 , according to the latest edition of BP Energy Outlook . This means the share of renewable energy in the country 's fuel mix will increase from 2 % to 8 % by 2035 .
The trigger for acceptability of solar power has been its falling tariffs due to the lower cost of raising finances , and the solar module prices taking a nose dive . Solar tariffs declined from Rs10.95-12.76 per kwh during the 2011 financial year to Rs4.34 per kwh last year .
“ Most of this fall can be attributed to lower equipment cost ( solar module prices have fallen by 26 % in the last year ) and an improved contractual structure , '' Bridge to India said in a 13 February statement .
Some believe that the solar power tariffs may fall further .
MPUVNL 's Shrivastava suggested the possibility of tariffs falling further as the state government makes improvement to its future tender conditions . This in turn could trigger similar steps by the other states .
While overseas investors such as State General Reserve Fund of Oman , UK Green Investment Bank Plc , Investment Corp. of Dubai , Norway 's Statoil ASA , France 's Total SA and Royal Dutch Shell Plc . have been showing interest in the Indian renewable energy market , concerns over grid stability remain with solar being an intermittent electricity supply source .
The danger is real and present given India 's worst blackout in 2012 which left nearly 620 million people without electricity . On 31 July , the northern grid collapsed , and on 1 August , in a wider blackout , the northern , eastern and north-eastern grids broke down .
Experts believe the technological breakthrough that Indian solar energy sector awaits is commercially viable energy storage solutions which will also help towards grid stability .
Anglo American Platinum ( Amplats ) warned Monday it will register at least 14 billion rand ( $ 851 million ) of losses due to impairments , write-downs and restructuring costs in a bid to survive plunging commodity prices .
The world 's largest platinum producer by output , a division of beleaguered Anglo American ( LON : AAL ) , has suffered not only from collapsing metal prices ( platinum fell 28 % during 2015 ) , but also from labour unrest . Its workers went on a record five-month strike over wages in 2014 and are due to renegotiate pay again later this year .
Last month , Amplats said it would postpone all investment in new or replacement capacity until at least 2017 .
Some of Amplats ' impairments stem from the cancellation or delay of previous expansion plans . The South African miner said last month it would postpone all investment in new or replacement capacity until at least 2017 , as it focuses on making the business more efficient , generating cash and reorganizing operations and structure .
Further cost-cutting measures are likely to be revealed when Anglo , which owns about 80 % of Amplats , unveils details of its awaited restructuring plans in February . Anglo has already said it expects to operate with a much smaller base of assets and a workforce less than half its current size .
That 's the title of a video I was sent that is supposed to utterly crush my faith in evolution . By the way , why is it that people who worship faith as a perfectly valid way of knowing so insistently insist that evolution is wrong because it takes too much faith to believe in it ? Should n't that be a sign to them that it 's even better than God ?
I do n't know why anyone is impressed . It 's an ignoramus ranting at their cell phone camera , reciting tired , familiar creationist tropes .
evolution is not a science…because it was never observed…which is why it is called a theory .
But people have observed and documented evolution , and done experiments to test its predictions , gone out in the field and the lab to do science guided by the theory . Of course it 's a science ! And it 's called a theory because it 's predictions have been successfully tested , and the mechanism has a lot of useful properties to inform the science . I do n't think they know what “ theory ” actually means , but if you stuck it out to the end , you know their grasp of language is rather weak .
Then they blather on with creationist misconceptions about evolution . We developed different characteristics because we willed it ? “ Will ” does n't play any role in evolutionary theory . And of course they have to trot out Creationist Thermodynamics , which they define as chaos can never produce order…because it defies the logic and laws of science , which is not something the laws of thermodynamics claim , and naturally they have to babble about tornado in a junkyard . Thanks , Fred Hoyle , your legacy lives on !
Then they wrap it all up with made-up etymology . You know what universe means , right ? Uni , one ; verse , like in a poem . Therefore Uni-verse means one single spoken statement , just like the book of Genesis says . Too bad the dictionary says otherwise :
late Middle English : from Old French univers or Latin universum , neuter of universus ‘ combined into one , whole , ' from uni- ‘ one ' + versus ‘ turned ' ( past participle of vertere ) .
As long as we 're making up word origins , I think it 's clear that it 's like “ united ” + “ versus ” , meaning “ everyone against ” , reflecting the inimical , conflict-driven nature of existence , and therefore we have to all gather and laugh at the dumb-ass obnoxious mouth-breather who made that video .
Ed FitzGerald ca n't help but laugh as they look forward to this month 's ribbon-cutting for Cleveland 's new convention center . FitzGerald , the county executive of Cuyahoga County , Ohio , is proud that the $ 465 million project is opening on time and under budget , but they recall that not long ago people harbored serious doubts about it . “ How about that guy shouting out at the groundbreaking that this would never open ? ” FitzGerald says . “ What took nerve was that they were working on the project . ”
The steelworker-turned-heckler was n't the only skeptic . Construction began in the aftermath of a corruption scandal that left people wondering whether Cuyahoga County was capable of doing anything right . A massive FBI raid in the summer of 2008 led to the arrests of the county auditor , a county commissioner and about 60 other county employees and contractors—many of whom have long since gone to prison .
Against that backdrop , Cuyahoga County voters opted to change the county 's 200-year-old form of government , shifting it from a three-member board of commissioners to a single executive . FitzGerald was elected in 2010 as Cuyahoga 's first county executive , answering to a new 11-member county council .
It 's possible to find people who will criticize the job FitzGerald 's done , but it 's not easy . He 's lowered the number of non-courthouse county employees by 1,600 , or one-fourth . He 's created an economic development fund that is bigger than those run by all the other counties in Ohio combined . And they have encouraged greater cooperation among local governments in the region , while saving the county itself millions by consolidating and cleaning up offices that once seemed like little more than personal piggybanks for corrupt officials .
Read the rest of this month 's magazine issue .
In the old days , the more your house or commercial property was worth , the more likely it was to be undervalued , thanks to a kickback scheme that was a major part of the corruption scandal . “ We 've pole-vaulted right from Tammany Hall to a customer-oriented , competent and honest assessor 's office , ” says Ned Hill , dean of Cleveland State University 's College of Urban Affairs . “ When it comes to actually executing the vision and building a more responsive county government , and changing the culture of using it as a patronage pit , Ed gets four stars . ”
Hill is not alone in giving FitzGerald high marks . He 's also one among many who regret that FitzGerald is ready to leave the job so soon . In April , they officially launched their candidacy for governor . At the moment , they appear to have a clear shot at the Democratic nomination to challenge GOP Gov . John Kasich next year .
Regardless of how that race turns out , FitzGerald will be done as executive for this county of more than 1.2 million residents . The end of their term coincides with the gubernatorial contest , and they ca n't run for both offices . People are not only worried that it 's too early for FitzGerald to declare victory and leave , but also that the campaign will leave them distracted for the remainder of their sole term in office . “ I 'm concerned about the next year and a half or two years , ” says Ellen Connally , president of the Cuyahoga County Council . “ We have a county to run . They came in as a very strong leader , and we 're concerned about how much they can do if he 's traveling up and down I-71 . ”
FitzGerald recognizes that he 's in an unusual position , having made a success out of a job that never existed before . When a new Cleveland mayor gets elected , they may be great or they may be lousy , but people have a sense of what the job entails and can ride out the term if they have to . Cuyahoga residents are understandably more wary of the still-new county executive position at a time when memories are fresh of cronyism , bribery and outright theft . “ There 's been too little time , ” says Chris Ronayne , who has held a number of local government posts and may run for county executive next year . “ The ink has n't dried in terms of rewriting our future . ”
FitzGerald themselves believes that many of the changes he 's helped put in place will be difficult to reverse . Either way , they say , “ other people can do it , and somebody else will do it . ”
Cuyahoga 's troubles burst into public view on a July day five years ago , when 175 federal agents searched offices and seized documents across the county . Their investigation—and subsequent trials—has made clear just how pervasive corrupt practices were in the county . School district treasuries were raided , contracts were handed over in exchange for bribes , and a disturbing number of county employees held no-show or redundant jobs because they were friends , or friends of friends , or girlfriends of individuals with political connections . “ People who are n't from around here do n't understand how deep it went , ” says Michael Gallagher , a member of the county council . “ It went to the root . ”
The crisis also created an opportunity . A group of reform-minded individuals , led by a trio of suburban mayors , pushed through something that had been attempted many times over the previous century without success—namely , a change in Cuyahoga County 's form of government . “ Getting structural change for structure 's sake was n't going to work , ” says Joe Roman , president of the Greater Cleveland Partnership , the local chamber of commerce , which underwrote the charter revision campaign in 2009 . “ Changing our county was both structural and a response to what was happening in county government . ”
FitzGerald was elected to the county executive 's slot by a plurality . He 'd served as mayor in Lakewood , a suburb with about 50,000 residents west of Cleveland along Lake Erie . And before that , they had worked as a county prosecutor and an FBI agent , attached to the organized crime task force in Chicago . “ It 's a strange coincidence that my FBI experience ended up being so relevant to what we ended up doing here , ” they say . “ In terms of what was happening on a day-to-day basis with kickbacks and no-show jobs and patronage employees , it was very familiar to me . ”
Corruption is possible under any form of government . FitzGerald—who had initially opposed the restructuring—worried that the new form of government put too much authority directly in the hands of the executive . They came into office with the power to unilaterally grant and sign contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars , so they established a board of control to oversee such deals . They also helped set up an inspector general 's office to keep an eye on departments so that problems could be spotted before they spiraled out of control .
Want more management & labor news ? Click here .
A lot of the managerial changes FitzGerald has implemented would have been a given in most places . Under the old regime , plenty of employees could n't be disciplined by their supervisors , because of who they knew or who they were dating . Now , employee evaluations are routine—and meaningful . All union employees are entitled to baseline raises , but some will get more based on merit . Nonunion employees , who have n't seen a raise in seven years , will get a modest bump this year , which should help to ease some of the sting caused by the mass layoffs and furloughs FitzGerald implemented early in office . Name an operational budget—information technology , vehicles , building , utilities , procurement—and FitzGerald has found ways to save money . “ There were a lot of duplicate jobs and an incredible number of HR departments , ” county council member Gallagher says . “ Now we 've put everything under one umbrella . ”
Having spent considerable time getting the county 's operations back in order , FitzGerald is now focusing on boosting a local economy that never seemed to recover from the recession in 2001 , let alone the one that came along in 2007 and has lingered nationwide ever since . The county has historically been a weak player in the region—providing social services , but little else . That 's no longer good enough . Cleveland now makes up a fraction of Cuyahoga 's overall population and there 's no other regional actor ready to take the lead . “ The county planning department went from being isolated , this kind of sideshow , ” says Hill , the urban studies dean , “ to being used for long-range planning . ”
Using the cost savings he 's achieved , FitzGerald has created a $ 100 million economic development fund that will lend assistance to companies creating jobs in the county—including some of the tenants who will fill a medical innovation center adjacent to the new convention center . Like other executives around the country , FitzGerald is now able to come in as the closer when necessary on deals , says Roman , the chamber president . In the old days , having three people in charge meant no one was able to call the shots . People attempting to put together a package would have to engage in shuttle diplomacy . “ It 's as close to night and day as you can get , ” Roman says .
FitzGerald is not the sort of politician who absorbs all the oxygen in a room . Slight with soft features , they may ask pointed questions but they do n't immediately take charge of every meeting he 's in . Instead , their job is making sure that the right people are in attendance and are being tapped as resources . Jim Bennett , a senior vice president of Chicago-based MMPI , the county 's private partner on the convention center project , says FitzGerald improved both its design and its business plan by bringing to the table senior government and private-sector leaders . “ He 's the convener , ” Bennett says . “ You had every heavyweight in town to put pressure on MMPI to open on time and secure the best tenants . ”
FitzGerald has taken that talent and applied it to their peers , the local mayors . To everyone 's surprise—including their own—he 's been able to persuade all 59 municipalities within Cuyahoga County to sign an agreement not to use tax incentives or other tools to poach businesses from one another . In exchange , they 'll each get a real shot at a share of the county 's development dollars .
Their interest in regionalism goes beyond attracting new business . There are currently 45 emergency dispatch centers within the county ; FitzGerald hopes to cut that number down to four . He 's established an office of regional collaboration to encourage their former mayoral colleagues to work together where possible and to buy services from the county whenever practical . They intend next year to release grades that will show whether each municipality is making strides at regional cooperation , and they prod county department heads to market services to cities such as IT and health insurance pooling . “ I feel kind of ghoulish asking the coroners to send us more business , ” said Thomas Gilson , the county medical examiner , after FitzGerald 's chief of staff suggested at a CountyStat hearing that they offer DNA services to other localities .
FitzGerald looks up from their desk to a large photo of Robert F. Kennedy . Born just a month after RFK 's assassination in 1968 , the 44-year-old may be one of the last people to enter public service inspired by the example of the older Kennedy brothers . They say he 's always been fascinated by politics and history and assumed when they went into law enforcement that they might end up running for office some day . “ I finally got to the point where I wanted to feel like what I was doing in my career was creating something , ” they say , “ as opposed to just punishing people for doing the wrong thing . ”
He 's been able to do both . Having cleaned house at the county level , FitzGerald now hopes they can make a difference as governor . Their next campaign will be a challenge . After a rough start early in their tenure , Kasich 's approval ratings have improved , Ohio has created more than 100,000 jobs on their watch and they lead FitzGerald by double-digit margins . What 's more , early polls indicated that four out of five people in Ohio do n't know enough about FitzGerald to have an opinion about them one way or the other .
People in Cuyahoga County understand that FitzGerald is ambitious . No one seems to begrudge them their shot at statewide office . Still , lots of people wish they would hang around a little while longer . Cementing changes within the local political culture—as well as expectations among the county 's workforce—will take more than a couple of years , even if things are heading in the right direction . “ The county executive did a great job in setting the foundation for the change and putting in place some of the procedures and avenues for the change , ” says Nailah Byrd , Cuyahoga County 's inspector general . “ Whoever comes in next really has to have a similar vision and has to stand behind some of the things that have to be implemented . ”
Over the next couple of years , the county administration building will be imploded to make way for a new convention center hotel . County operations will be consolidated from a number of buildings— “ too many buildings , ” council president Connally says—to a new location in Cleveland 's downtown . Those moves are expected to ultimately save the county millions of dollars in real estate costs .
Lots of people think it 's a shame that FitzGerald wo n't be running the county when it moves to its new headquarters , or that they wo n't be in their present office if a mini-World 's Fair known as the Great Lakes Exposition takes place in Cleveland in 2016 , as FitzGerald hopes . He 'll also be leaving just as their convention center and other projects help spur a downtown Cleveland revitalization that 's long overdue .
But if FitzGerald wo n't be in office long enough to see their grand plans take fruition , most people recognize that their short tenure is what made them possible . “ He has made a dramatic change in how people think about county government , ” says Kevin O'Brien , head of the Center for Public Management at Cleveland State University . O'Brien says that even though FitzGerald will be leaving soon , “ he 'll have done their service to the county at the time when it needed it most . ”
Already unpopular in conservative , Catholic Poland , a new poll shows attitudes towards non-European migrants hardening in the country with a convincing majority saying they should not be allowed into the nation .
Some 74 per cent of Poles are against their homeland accepting migrants from Africa and the Middle East according to the research , which comes as continued pressure from the European Union to accept migrants has caused tensions between Brussels and Warsaw .
Just 20 per cent of Polish respondents to the research were in favour of taking in foreigners from Africa and the Middle East , reports Radio Poland , while the remaining five per cent had n't formed an opinion at all .
Breitbart London reported in January when this survey was last conducted , which found two-thirds of Poles then opposed taking these migrants into the country . The uptick in opposition indicates that despite the threat of sanctions from the European Union on Poland , which is a net recipient of benefits from the political bloc , normal Poles are determined to not change their stance .
The European Union told Poland , and equally opposed Hungary that they could expect to be the subject of legal action by the continental political bloc if they did n't open their borders to the thousands of migrants who have travelled to Southern European nations like Italy and Greece in the hope of continuing north to wealthy , high-benefits nations like Germany and Sweden .
A European Union source said at the time “ They will have to make a choice… Are they in the European system or not ? You can not blackmail the EU , unity has a price . ”
The United Nations has already called on the European Union to punish Poland for their resistance to mass migration . Poland itself has pushed back against the aggressive posturing of the Union , with foreign minister Witold Waszczykowski saying there was no reason to link their nation 's refusal to accept migrants with the payments of structural development funds paid to European nations by the Union .
Despite Poland 's apparent determination to refuse non-European migrants , the research continued to show Poles willing to accept refugees from war-torn Ukraine , with more than half of Poles willing to accept their European neighbours .
Poland has already taken over 1.2 million Ukrainians , according to government figures .
With just over 50 days to go before World Cup 2014 kicks off with hosts Brazil taking on Croatia at the Arena de São Paulo , we will begin previewing a different group each week until the start of the tournament , starting with Group A . Hosts and pre tournament favourites Brazil feature in this group alongside Croatia , Cameroon and Mexico .
As at the beginning of all World Cups for the last 20 years , Brazil is one of the favourites having won the famous trophy on 5 different occasions . The fact that this year 's competition is being held on Brazilian soil for the first time since 1950 should also give the Brazilians an added advantage . As hosts of the tournament , Brazil was exempt from partaking in an arduous qualifying campaign which could work in their favour .
World Cup after World Cup has shown us that all a team needs is a moment of brilliance from one of their players and the entire complexity of the group will change . In this post , we will be looking at the players to watch from the four teams in Group A .
One of the players to focus on in the Brazilian team is Barcelona midfielder Neymar who will be making their first appearance at a World Cup this year . They are expected to provide the creative spark to drive their country forward . When looking at their performances in the famed yellow and green ( although sometimes blue too ) shirt , we saw that they record a rate of 43.4 % good dribbles per game that improve their team 's position on the field whilst 33.1 % of their dribbles were bad and proved detrimental to the team . They are also the best passer in the team , with 26 % of their passes improving the team 's position . When it comes to crosses , however , we saw that in fact Lucas Moura is the strongest player with 53.8 % of their crosses improving their team 's chances .
When looking at Croatia who secured their spot in the competition after a two legged match against Iceland will be looking to Real Madrid star Luca Modric for inspiration . In the games played between 2012 and 2014 , Modric 's attacking actions moved the team into a position from which a chance on goal could have been created 8.3 times per game . In terms of taking shots , once the team was in a position to do so , we saw that Ivan Perišić would take , on average 5.7 shots per game although they only scores 0.13 goals per game . Their top scorer , on the other hand , is Eduardo De Silva who manages to score 0.8 goals per game .
The third team in the group is the Indomitable Lions of Cameroon . This is the 7th time that they have qualified for the finals – more than any other African team and was the first team from Africa to make it out of the group stage . In their games over the last two years we found that Barcelona midfielder Alex Song is at the heart of their attacks . They make 89.57 attacking actions per game but also loses the ball 8.04 times per game . As can be expected , the Cameroon will be very busy when coming up against players like Neymar and Modric so central to this will be Nicolas N'Koulou . In the games that we looked at , they made 34.6 defensive actions per game of which 45 % helped out the team . Whilst Aurélien Chedjou has a higher success rate ( 51.5 % ) , they do make less defensive actions than N'Koulou
The final country in Group A is Mexico . After a disastrous qualifying round , during which they had 4 different managers , they sneaked onto the plane to Brazil courtesy of a play-off win against New Zealand . In terms of players to watch , we found the most expensive Mexican player in history , Andrés Guardado , to be the main chance creator . They cross the ball into the box 17.01 times per game and created 5.9 chances per game . In terms of taking those chances and converting them into goals , it is left up to Oribe Peralta and Javier Hernández with Peralta scoring 1.4 goals per game and Hernández 1.2 . Peralta has proven to be a strong player as they manage to score from 28 % of their chances whereas Hernández only manages to do the same from 15 % of their own chances .
Whilst Brazil is expected to go through this group , it is by no means certain that this will happen . One only needs look at France at World Cup 2002 . They went into the tournament as reigning World and European champions but failed to win a game or score a single goal as they were eliminated from the group stage . All it takes is a moment of brilliance from one of these players – but who will it be ?
Surlex ( Simple URL Expression ) is a language for matching and extracting text , similar to regex ( regular expression ) . It works by generating a regular expression from a more concise syntax that is designed to produce easy-to-read url patterns .
Installation
Surlex is indexed in PyPI , so it can be installed via pip or easy_install :
pip install surlex
Alternatively , the source code repository is available via git :
git clone git : //github.com/codysoyland/surlex.git
Basic Capturing
A capture is performed by enclosing a variable name inside angle brackets :
< name >
This is equivalent to the following regex :
( ? P < name > .+ )
A usage example for matching a blog index view is :
/blog/ < year > /
This is equivalent to the following regex :
/blog/ ( ? P < year > .+ ) /
This surlex would match the following URLs :
/blog/2008/ /blog/2009/
To invoke the capture in our source code we can use the Surlex class or the match function :
from surlex import Surlex , match surlex = Surlex ( '/blog/ < year > / ' ) # returns surlex object surlex.match ( '/blog/2009/ ' ) # returns { u'year ' : '2009 ' } match ( '/blog/ < year > / ' , '/blog/2009/ ' ) # returns { u'year ' : '2009 ' } match ( '/blog/ < year > / < month > / ' , '/blog/2009/09/ ' ) # returns { u'year ' : '2009 ' , u'month ' : '09 ' }
Advanced Capturing with Embedded Regex
Surlex allows you to insert custom regex strings inside your surlex by postfixing the capture name with the equals sign ( = ) followed by a regular expression :
from surlex import surlex_to_regex surlex_to_regex ( ' < number= [ 0-9 ] + > ' ) # returns ( ? P < number > [ 0-9 ] + )
The preceeding surlex will match `` 2009 '' , but not `` these-letters . ''
If a right angle bracket is needed inside the regex , it may be escaped with a backslash .
Surlex Macros for Common Tasks
Surlex includes a number of built-in macros which ease common tasks such as matching a slug or date string . They can be invoked by postfixing the capture name with a colon ( : ) followed by the name of the macro . One of the built-in macros matches a url slug and is identified by the letter `` s. '' A usage example :
/blog/ < year > / < month > / < slug : s > /
This will produce the following regular expression :
/blog/ ( ? P < year > .+ ) / ( ? P < month > .+ ) / ( ? P < slug > [ \w- ] + ) /
Here are all the built-in macros :
Macro Regex Equivalent Description Y \d { 4 } year , including century y \d { 2 } year , not including century M ( jan|feb|mar|apr|may|jun|jul|aug|sep|oct|nov|dec ) month , abbreviated m \d { 1,2 } month , 1 or 2 digit d \d { 1,2 } day , 1 or 2 digit # \d+ number , any length s [ \w- ] + slug
A more complete example of a blog entry url might be defined as :
/blog/ < year : Y > / < month : M > / < day : d > / < slug : s > /
This will produce the following regex :
/blog/ ( ? P < year > \d { 4 } ) / ( ? P < month > ( jan|feb|mar|apr|may|jun|jul|aug|sep|oct|nov|dec ) ) / ( ? P < day > \d { 1,2 } ) / ( ? P < slug > [ \w- ] + ) /
If matched against `` /blog/2009/sep/06/surlex-released/ '' , it will produce the following dictionary :
{ u'year ' : '2009 ' , u'month ' : 'sep ' , u'day ' : '06 ' , u'slug ' : 'surlex-released ' , }
Custom Macros
Custom surlex macros can be registered with the register_macro function . Here , we will register a macro to match an email address :
from surlex import register_macro , surlex_to_regex surlex.register_macro ( ' e ' , r'\b [ A-Z0-9._ % +- ] + @ [ A-Z0-9.- ] +\ . [ A-Z ] { 2,4 } \b ' ) surlex.surlex_to_regex ( '/email-to/ < : e > / ' ) # returns /email-to/\b [ A-Z0-9._ % +- ] + @ [ A-Z0-9.- ] +\ . [ A-Z ] { 2,4 } \b/
Regex and Macro Matching without Capturing
If the name of the capture block is omitted , surlex will produce a regular expression that will match the given regex or macro without capturing , for example :
surlex_to_regex ( ' < = [ 0-9 ] + > ' ) # returns [ 0-9 ] + surlex_to_regex ( ' < : s > ' ) # returns [ \w- ] +
Optional Strings
If a section of a surlex is enclosed in parentheses , it is considered optional and will allow the pattern to match even if it is not in the subject string . It is equivalent to enclosing an item in ( ) ? in regex . For example :
surlex_to_regex ( '/blog/ ( < year > / ) ' ) # returns /blog/ ( ( ? P < year > .+ ) / ) ?
The preceeding surlex will match `` /blog/ '' and `` /blog/2009/ '' .
Wildcards
Standard wildcards can be used with the asterisk ( * ) :
surlex_to_regex ( '/ * . * ' ) # returns `` /. * \ .. * '' , matches `` robots.txt '' , `` anything.html '' , etc
Matching Beginning and End of Strings
The caret ( ^ ) and dollar ( $ ) characters are preserved in the outputted regex , so they can still be used to match the start and end of strings :
surlex_to_regex ( r'^only-this $ ' ) # returns '^only-this $ '
Django Integration
Surlex can be used inside Django URLPatterns by importing the helper function and writing a standard urlpattern , substituting the regex for a surlex and the url function with surl :
from surlex.dj import surl urlpatterns = patterns ( `` , surl ( r'^blog/ < year : Y > / < month : M > / < day : d > / < slug : s > / $ ' , blog.views.post_detail , name='blog_post_detail ' ) , )
Update ( 4/12/2010 ) : I noticed a large surge of traffic from Simon Willison 's weblog this morning and realized I left out links to the documentation and repository pages . Here is the documentation and you can follow the project on Github .
Check out all the details of the sweet , cowgirl-themed bash—and see which former Housewife showed up !
Tamra Judge is soon about to become a `` Tam-Ma '' and the Real Housewives of Orange County star feted their son and their expectant fiancée with a cowgirl themed bash this past weekend .
Tamra pulled out all the stops for the themed baby shower : pink cowboy boots festooned the tent , bales of hay provided seating , and a photo booth included props like horseshoe-shaped glasses .
A big GIANT thank You to these two amazing ladies Emily and Shireen from @ twowildandcrazygals . Best party planners in OC . # sohappy A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 4:15pm PST
Deep conversation with @ ocricky1010 A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 8:37am PST
# AvaRyan A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 3:46pm PST
Ryan and their fiancée Sarah have already picked the name Ava for their little girl and the moniker was emblazoned all over the room , whether on sweet signs or atop the two-tiered silver and pink cake that Tamra chose for the occasion .
Congrats to Ryan and Sarah . I ❤️ you guys and hope you felt the love at your baby shower . # AvaRyan A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 8:03am PST
Omg already in tears and they are only setting up . # AvaRyan everything is so adorable . A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 11:15am PST
It was a family-filled affair , as the guest list included Sarah 's three other children as well as Tamra 's youngest daughter , Sophia . Also invited was former RHOC castmate Lynne Curtin .
@ lynnecurtindesigns_ and @ ocricky1010 Lynne brought their grandson and they are absolutely precious # AvaRyan A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 8:40am PST
A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 4:10pm PST
And , of course , no baby shower would be complete without a peek at the tiny and adorable gifts . Baby Ava is sure to be stylin ' in their brand-new moccasins and their pink Adidas tracksuit ( perfect for working out at Tam-ma 's gym , Cut Fitness ) .
Thank you @ sweetnswag for the adorable Moccasins www.sweetnswag.com . I think the camo are my favorite # AvaRyan A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 10:39am PST
# AvaRyan will be ready for @ cutfitoc in No time . # sparkleadidas thank you @ twowildandcrazygals A photo posted by Tamra Judge ( @ tamrajudge ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 11:11am PST
Even Grandma got in on the gift action . Tamra posted photos of a gag gift they received from friends : adult undergarments and denture cream !
With Destiny 2 : Forsaken and the Black Armory DLC behind us , Year 2 of Destiny 2 is well underway . Joker 's Wild and Penumbra are still to come in the three-part annual pass , and after Bungie 's split with Activision , everything after that is up in the air . There 's no telling what Bungie will do now that it has total freedom , but we 're excited to found out . Hopefully the studio can channel the same creative energies that fueled Forsaken , which delivered the course-correction Destiny 2 needed and so much more on top .
We 've seen every secret in Forsaken and we 're on the frontlines of Destiny 2 's annual pass , so you 've come to the right place if you 're looking for help . Our Destiny 2 guide hub is one monolithic extravaganza of tips , tricks , and up-to-date advice on everything you need to know about the game , whether you 're a newly initiated neophyte or a seasoned veteran . Have a read below , or head over to our Destiny 2 guides for more help with specific items , collectibles , and quests . And good luck out there , Guardian .
Destiny 2 campaign walkthroughs
Destiny 2 base campaign
Curse of Osiris
Warmind
Forsaken
Destiny 2 guides
If you 're looking for Destiny 2 help in areas other than the main campaign missions , then this is the place to be . We 'll be updating this section with links to tips and tricks , collectibles locations , and various other guidance to ensure you get the best out of Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 Tips
There are lots of different systems at work in Destiny 2 , which can make the game feel daunting - especially early on . If you 're after some pointers to improve your experience then check out our essential Destiny 2 tips to find out the things we wish we knew before we started playing .
Destiny 2 Classes
Titan , Hunter , or Warlock - which one should you pick ? Each class has their own strengths and weaknesses , so if you want to choose the one that best suits your playstyle then head over to our Destiny 2 class guide . Once you 've chosen your class , you 'll want to know how to level them up , so make sure you check out how to unlock every Guardian class and subclass in Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 Levelling
Destiny 2 's levelling systems are friendlier than those of the original game , but they 're also very different . Whether you 're a returning Guardian or a newcomer , there 's a lot to learn , so we 'll show you how to level up fast in Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 Power level 280 guide ( even if you 're playing solo )
In Destiny 2 , progress is an entirely democratic process , open to all , whether you want to team up for other players for such high-level activities as the Nightfall Strike and Leviathan Raid or not . Solo players can easily get to the upper reaches if they know how to handle their Exotics and mods . Here 's how to get to Power level 280 ( and beyond ) in Destiny 2 while playing solo . It 'll help even if you 're not .
Destiny 2 : Forsaken - Power level 600 guide
Destiny 2 : Forsaken has increased the Guardian power level cap to 600 , which is a lot of ground ( or should that be ground ? ) to cover once you 've completed the previous expansions . Luckily our guide on how to get from power level 500 to 600 as quickly and effectively as possible provides the best tips for fast levelling in Destiny 2 's new endgame , so be sure to check that out once you 're ready .
Destiny 2 Sparrow
Sparrows were a standard form of transport in the original Destiny , but their presence is notably lacking when you start the sequel . If you 're tired of walking , here 's how you get a Sparrow in Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 Faction Rallies
The Vanguard in Destiny 2 is split into three individual Factions - Dead Orbit , Future War Cult , and New Monarchy . During Faction Rally events , you sign up with a Faction and earn tokens for them , unlocking reward loot and a special end of event weapon for the most successful Faction . For the full lowdown , check out our Destiny 2 Faction Rallies guide .
Destiny 2 Cayde-6 Treasure Chests
Once you 've completed the Destiny 2 campaign , you 'll find Cayde-6 over at the Tower selling weekly treasure maps . Purchase them then head to their areas to grab hidden caches of loot , though you 'll need to solve the accompanying riddles to find their exact locations . Solve these weekly conundrums by following our Destiny 2 Cayde-6 treasure chests location guide .
Destiny 2 Chests
There 's plenty of loot to be had in Destiny 2 by tracking down Region , Lost Sector , and Treasure chests . Get searching for them with our Destiny 2 Chest locations guide .
Destiny 2 Scannable Objects
Grimoire Cards are no more in Destiny 2 , but that does n't mean there 's no lore to be found . Learn more about the world with our Destiny 2 Scannable Object locations guide .
Destiny 2 Exotic Weapons
Everyone knows that wielding an exotic is half the fun of Destiny , but where are they all hiding ? Check out our best Destiny 2 Exotic weapons guide for the answers . Or if you 're looking for a specific weapon , here 's how you can track down the Rat King Sidearm , Sturm Hand Cannon , Mida Multi-Tool Scout Rifle , Acrius Shotgun , and Ace of Spades .
Destiny 2 Armor
Someone calls the fashion police , someone stole our favourite armor . Oh , wait , we scrapped it . Thankfully , there 's plenty of kit that 's even better . Here 's our guide to the best Destiny 2 armor we 've found so far .
Destiny 2 Heroic Public Events
One of the best ways of unlocking new guns and armor is taking part in the Public Events marked on the map , but if you can upgrade it to the Heroic version then you 'll get much better loot . Each type of event requires a different method , so here 's how to trigger Heroic Public Events in Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 Leviathan Raid
Beating the Leviathan Raid in Destiny 2 is really tough , and even if you assemble a team of top players you may find dropping the final boss Calus is a step too far . Helpfully an exploit has been found , so if you need help then here 's how to cheese the Leviathan Raid final boss .
Destiny 2 Easter Eggs
Everyone loves a good secret , and players are already discovering plenty of Easter eggs tucked away within Destiny 2 . For a complete listing , check out the best Destiny 2 Easter eggs , or if you want to jump to something specific then here 's how to unlock Destiny 2 's secret speed boost at The Farm and how to get the huge Traveler ball in the Tower in Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 Crucible Multiplayer
Destiny 2 's Crucible multiplayer has changed a lot , with smaller team-sizes , new game modes , new weapons and abilities , and a vastly reduced the focus on power-weapons and Super attacks . Get the drop on the other Guardians with our Destiny 2 Crucible tips .
Destiny 2 Bright Dust and engrams guide
Tess Everiss do n't play by anyone else 's rules . Them engrams look different , are earned differently , and contain entirely different things . Here , we explain what they do , how to get them , and what best to do with what you get in them , in our How to get Bright Engrams and Bright Dust in Destiny 2 guide .
Destiny 2 Legendary Shards
Legendary Shards have two uses in Destiny 2 . You can use them to power up your gear , and we have full details in our Destiny 2 infusion guide . Also , Xur has made their comeback in Destiny 2 , and they want Legendary Shards to exchange for their wares . They 're not the easiest item to obtain , so we 'll show you how to get Legendary Shards in Destiny 2 .
Destiny 2 : Forsaken - Where to find all the new collectibles
Destiny 2 : Forsaken has , naturally , introduced a ton of new resources , currencies , and collectibles into the sandbox system , all of which need accruing if your Guardian plans to make a name for themselves in Bungie 's shared world shooter . The following guides give you step-by-step , up to date advice on where and how to find each one , and what rewards await you in return .
Destiny 2 : Forsaken - The Dreaming City
Destiny 2 : Forsaken 's latest endgame zone , The Dreaming City , is an ethereal paradise of wonder and intrigue , replete with secrets and evolving stories . But you ca n't get there straight away . There 's a series of steps that need completing before any Guardian can step foot within its walls , which is where our Destiny 2 : Forsaken Dreaming City guide comes in .
Once you 've arrived , make sure to read all about the Destiny 2 : Forsaken Dreaming City hidden cat locations before going to find them for yourselves , as they 're an easy avenue for new Legendary weapons and armour .
Destiny 2 : Forsaken - Shattered Throne
To this day , there 's nothing quite like the Dreaming City 's Shattered Throne dungeon . It 's the perfect mix of Strikes and raids . You can do it solo or with a team of three , it 's home tons of secrets , and it 's got unique and exciting boss fights . It 's one of the best parts of Forsaken , and with our Destiny 2 Shattered Throne guide , you 'll never want for directions or strategies . We 've also got some solo tips if you 're brave enough to descend alone .
Destiny 2 : Forsaken annual pass content
We spoke to Bungie community manager David 'Deej ' Dague about Destiny 2 : Forsaken 's three-part annual pass . Originally pitched as a collection of themed DLCs , the annual pass will actually play out as a series of months-long experiences supported by regular updates that bring Dreaming City-style weekly refreshes . Annual pass content will continue to roll out through August 2019 , with each individual DLC lasting about three months . Each DLC will also be paired with its own season , starting with Destiny 2 : The Black Armory 's Season of the Forge . You can read our full chat with Deej here .
Destiny 2 : The Black Armory - new Exotics , Lost Forges , raid details , and more
We also spoke to Bungie about everything coming in Destiny 2 : The Black Armory . As the first piece of the annual pass , The Black Armory challenges players to hunt down and reforge the finest weapons of the Golden Age with the help of Exo gunsmith Ada-1 . To do so , you 'll need to reclaim four Lost Forges , new three-player horde mode activities reminiscent of Escalation Protocol but featuring entirely new mechanics and loot . The Black Armory will also add a new standalone raid , Scourge of the Past , as well as plenty of Destiny 2 : The Black Armory new Exotics .
Destiny 2 : Season of the Forge Eververse items
A new season of Destiny 2 means a new stock of items at the Eververse store . We 've rounded up all the Destiny 2 Season of the Forge weapon skins , emotes , ghost shells , shaders , ships , sparrows and transmat effects currently available . You can now earn Bright Dust much more reliably thanks to the Eververse store 's bounties , so these items are more attainable than ever .
Donald Trump 's name has appeared only once in the 20 or so emails that the committee has sent since the tape was released . | Getty Senate Republicans drop Trump from emails The Senate GOP 's campaign arm had heavily featured the nominee . Until the Access Hollywood video broke .
The campaign arm of Senate Republicans has all but excised Donald Trump 's name from their email pitches after previously making them central to their online fundraising efforts — a sign of just how toxic the GOP nominee has become since the video of their lewd comments came out last week .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee had used Trump 's name in each of the five days leading up to the release of the tape at 4 p.m. on Oct. 7 , including twice earlier that same day , according to a POLITICO account signed up for updates .
Story Continued Below
But in the six days since , Trump 's name has appeared only once in the 20 or so emails that the committee has sent .
That represents a dramatic shift in the committee 's fundraising tactics . In September , the NRSC had used Trump 's name in their email solicitations in 23 of the month 's final 27 days , and one of the four days off was on Sept. 11 , when the committee did not send any emails asking for money .
The NRSC had offered Trump yard signs , Trump car magnets , Trump bracelets and a chance to fly to watch Trump debate at its Washington , D.C. headquarters in the weeks prior to the tape 's release .
Since ? A single email offering a yard sign on Oct. 11 .
The disappearance of Trump comes as Republican senators have struggled to craft a cohesive response to the emergence of a recording in which their party 's nominee bragged about being able to get away with sexual assault because they are a celebrity .
Those senators up for reelection this fall have almost universally denounced Trump 's comments , and some renounced their support . But some have since backtracked on their renouncement , saying they will still vote for him , including Sens . John Thune of South Dakota and Deb Fischer of Nebraska .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has avoided the topic entirely . “ I do n't have any observations to make on that , ” they said in Kentucky earlier this week .
The NRSC did not respond to requests for comment .
In deciding what they wanted to do for their final project , Parker Johnson—a 15 year old Eagle Scout candidate from Fountain View , Calif.—had initially thought of building a sand volleyball court in their local park .
Until Johnson became aware of a dangerous new drug epidemic sweeping through their school , affecting their classmates and others close to him . The drug ? Pornography .
Parker says they were first alerted to the dangers of pornography from social media posts , confirming the scourge through online research and interviews with people damaged by or addicted to erotica .
Wanting to make the maximum impact on their community , they abandoned the volleyball court and launched a website to spread the news of what they call `` a silent threat to the health and well-being of children and teenagers . ''
The problem is the website is loaded with blatant factual inaccuracies and pseudoscientific papers scourced from groups of discredited anti-porn fantatics .
Most of this misleading or outright wrong information—including the fantastical claim that the $ 13 billion porn industry dwarfs the $ 200 billion company , Apple—comes from tbe Utah-based group Fight the New Drug .
Fight the New Drug bills itself as a grassroots `` movement for love '' looking to `` raise awareness about the harmful nature of pornography using only facts , science , and personal accounts . '' The group started in 2009 as a social media enterprise and quickly graduated to anti-porn speechifying and presentations in high schools across Utah .
In a 'white paper , ' How Porn Affects the Brain Like a Drug , faithfully reposted on Johnson 's website , the group lays out its simple message that `` to your brain , porn has the same effect as drugs . ''
The same paper claims porn causes a number of other neurological effects associated with drug use , such as an increased tolerance in the user that can only be satisfied by more porn , and withdrawal symptoms when one tries to walk away from the incognito browser window .
That paper also includes congressional testimony from Princeton University Prof. Jeffrey Satinover , who describes porn as a `` form of heroin 100 times more powerful than before…injected directly to the brain through the eyes . ''
These claims , and many others made by the group have attracted a lot of fire for their lack of scientific rigor or factual accuracy .
In 2016 , a group of four sex therapists wrote a scathing op-ed in the Salt Lake tribune in response to the group conducting sex education seminars in Utah high schools .
In that op-ed the authors point out the leaders and presenters of FTND are not mental health nor sexuality professionals , lack the needed training or expertise to educate students on these issues , and despite their claims of scientific rigor , make comments that are flat-out false .
`` Drugs introduce chemicals into the brain . There is not a single study that demonstrates what neurochemicals are released in the brain when watching porn , nor that these neurochemicals are any different from those released while eating chocolate or watching football , '' the op-ed said .
Criticism has n't dampened FTND 's sails . Their website boasts of having put on over 400 presentations at schools , and received news coverage from outlets like CNN and NPR .
If anything , their movement might be gaining traction . Reason has previously covered the efforts of Utah lawmakers to label porn as a `` public health crisis '' and even allow `` porn addicts '' to sue adult websites . Similar legislation has passed in Virginia and South Dakota .
Which brings us back to Johnson , who has been taking meetings with school board officials , superintendents , religious leaders , and business owners . Johnson has the endorsement of the chief of police in Fountain View , their website says .
All these meetings are part of a broader effort to `` begin a conversation about the dangers of pornography , '' as Johnson puts it . At the same time they are soliciting donations to bring Fight the New Drug to their campus in May , where the group will present their message in person .
With civil society—law enforcement and school officials—getting on board with this project , one wonders when the new drug fight will become the new drug war .
The Baltimore Orioles have one of the deepest and most notable histories in baseball and the list of the Orioles top home run hitters of all-time hold multiple Hall of Fame players .
From the debut of the Baltimore Orioles in 1954 to their first world series championship in 1966 and again in 1970 and 1983 , the franchise has four players with at least 200 home runs ( Chris Davis ‘ 199 home runs , soon to be the fifth player ) . Two players with over 300 home runs , and one Hall of Famer with a grand 431 home runs .
In 2016 , the Baltimore Orioles array of power hitters unleashed a total of 253 home runs , challenging the 1997 Seattle Mariners all-time single-season home run record of 264 . The Orioles have landed in the top five for home runs by a team six consecutive seasons , dating back to 2011 .
The following list is based off the most feared and powerful home run hitters in Baltimore Orioles history , not the amount of career home runs by a player .
Let 's examine the top five best home run hitters in Baltimore Orioles history .
5 . Chris Davis , 1B
Following their first full season with the Orioles in 2012 where they smacked 33 home runs , Chris Davis made a name for themselves in 2013 where they hit a franchise best 53 home runs in a single season . The only other Oriole to hit at least 50 home runs in a season was in 1996 when Brady Anderson struck 50 dingers . Davis dominated right-handed pitchers in the 2013 season , bashing 40 of their 53 home runs against righties compared to just 13 against left-handed pitchers .
In a win against the Pittsburgh Pirates on May 20th , 2014 , Davis became the 20th Oriole to hit three home runs in a single game . Their three round tripper 's against the Pirates was not the first time he 's hit three homers in a game . Davis ' first three home run game came against the Blue Jays during their first year with the Orioles . Crush Davis joins Hall of Famer Eddie Murray and power hitter Boog Powell as the only three players in franchise history to homer three times in different games .
Since 2013 , the Texas native has been one of the league 's most feared home run hitters . Davis led the league in home runs in 2013 and 2015 , including a top three finish in 2016 . The Oriole slugger has finished in the top-10 for home runs in the American League every year since being on the Orioles . Since joining the Orioles in 2012 , Davis has shattered 199 home runs , eighth best in Orioles ' history .
Despite leading the league in strikeouts the past two seasons , Davis ' home run power is still there . The 30-year-old has launched a home run shot to Eutaw Street a record eight times . According to Orioles.com , Davis ' longest home run on Eutaw Street came in a loss against the Cleveland Indians on June 30 , 2012 , where they launched a home run off Josh Tomlin that traveled 431 feet .
Make sure you 're not paying compound interest on stuff that will end up in a landfill or get flushed down the toilet . Make it a rule , to avoid debt .
Traditional education is n't an end , but a beginning . Traditional educators endeavor to create within your mind , a set of tools with which you will build a lifetime of education . Even if you never acquired a traditional education , you can still enjoy a lifetime of learning and growth . Keep an open mind , look for educational opportunity everywhere and become a wealthier , smarter , more creative person .
Friendship : Look for people with similar values , who give as much as they take , with which you can share interests and hobbies . Good friends do n't try to change each other , they accept each other for who they are . Laugh , listen , and offer help .
Business : Expect high ethical standards from your business associates . Do n't waste time with people who use questionable business models and practices , they can only muddy your name . All ethical business relationships are built upon providing mutual benefit . If you are questioning a relationship , trust your instincts and examine the relationship to see if it is lopsided . If someone is questioning you , listen and be honest with yourself . Is there a mutual benefit ? Are you being fair ? Can you see another perspective ?
FILE- In this May 25 , 2016 , file photo , shows a mansion in one of Washington 's Kalorama neighborhood . Barack and Michelle Obama bought the home , which they 've been renting since the former president left office . Property records show the deed transfer was recorded Wednesday , May 31 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Barack and Michelle Obama have bought the home they 've been renting in a tony D.C. neighborhood since the former president left office .
The Washington Post reports ( http : //wapo.st/2qHfREZ ) the Obamas bought the eight-bedroom , 9½-bath mansion for $ 8.1 million . Property records show the deed transfer was recorded Wednesday .
The Obamas have said they plan to remain in the capital while their younger daughter , Sasha , finishes high school at Sidwell Friends in Washington .
Spokesman Kevin Lewis said in a statement : “ Given that President and Mrs. Obama will be in Washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them to buy a home rather than continuing to rent property . ”
___
Information from : The Washington Post , http : //www.washingtonpost.com
After photographing social inequality in their native Slovenia and internationally , Jost Franko has concluded that “ profit over people ” is the ideology that propels some of the world 's most profitable businesses . With their latest project , “ Cotton Black , Cotton Blue , ” they examined a global industry that from plantation to factory can be merciless and grueling for its workforce , which can even include children .
“ Cotton has a really dark history , which seems like it never stopped , ” they said .
Teaming up with journalist and photographer Meta Krese , and supported by the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting , Mr. Franko spent about a year researching the cotton trade before traveling the globe to examine the industry 's various facets . What emerged , they said , was a story of exploitation , where the quest of corporations to find cheaper production in the globalized economy obscures the human cost . The project 's title , they said , was a nod to the burdens carried by both farmers and workers .
Photo
“ It was really important to show the whole supply chain from scratch , ” they said . “ Everyone kind of knows what 's happening in Bangladesh and where clothes come from , but nobody really understands the first part of the supply chain . So we kind of wanted to connect the dots . ”
The pair first went to the fields of Burkina Faso , where cotton is handpicked by people earning subsistence wages and who are competing against the United States , which has heavy machinery and farming supported by government subsidies . The next leg of the journey took them to Bangladesh , one of the world 's top garment exporters . The country has made headlines not only for deadly fires in garment factories , but more recently for a labor strike against harsh factory conditions and meager pay . As a result , some large corporations are shifting production to countries where wages are lower or not protected by law .
“ It 's a vicious cycle , ” Mr. Franko said . “ I never saw the solution to it . ”
In Europe , they said they were stunned by what they saw in Romania , a country that is part of the European Union , yet where they met workers who earned no more than 200 euros a month .
Photo
It was critical to put the spotlight on the workers and show the people behind the process . Mr. Franko rejects the notion that certain lives are considered more worthy than others , a sentiment that lets consumers or lawmakers be indifferent to the plight of others . That is why Mr. Franko and Ms. Krese stuck to their ambitious undertaking .
“ We realized how complex everything was and how much rested on our shoulders , ” Mr. Franko said . “ But that was the only way to go . If we made it smaller , we would n't really be telling the whole story . ”
At the same time , while some consumers hope to do the right thing and purchase goods made in safe workplaces by people paid a fair wage , Mr. Franko 's experiences have left them doubtful .
“ I kind of became cynical in a way , ” they said . “ There is no fair trade . Even if you have a fair trade garment sector , which is completely unlikely , you never know what is happening with cotton . ”
Follow @ jostfranko and @ nytimesphoto on Twitter . Jost Franko is also on Instagram . You can also find Lens on Facebook and Instagram .
BMW Team RLL has teased the patriotic liveries that its pair of BMW M6 GTLMs that will run in this weekend 's Sahlen 's Six Hours of The Glen .
The GT Le Mans class squad will sport a special “ holiday fireworks ” theme , in honor of the July 4 holiday , with the full design set to be unveiled Thursday at the track .
It is one of numerous teams that will run patriotic liveries for the third round of the Tequila Patron North American Endurance Cup , including Action Express Racing , Michael Shank Racing , Stevenson Motorsports and Scuderia Corsa .
All cars carrying special liveries are set to take part in a photo shoot Thursday evening .
The Ohio-based RLL squad is coming off a season-best run at Circuit of The Americas last month , where John Edwards claimed pole and both cars finished on the GTLM class podium .
Bill Auberlen and Alexander Sims currently sit fourth in the drivers ' championship heading into the Watkins Glen round .
“ As we saw at COTA , this car seems to like long , fast circuits with fast corners and certainly Watkins Glen is all that , ” said team principal Bobby Rahal . “ I 'm optimistic about our pace and not just in qualifying , also the race .
“ After Austin we have to feel optimistic about where we are , performance wise . It 's just a matter of not making mistakes . I think we can be right in the thick of it . ”
E ditor 's note : Typically for our popular How We Play series , we have one athlete tell the story of what makes the sporting culture of their hometown unique . But when the New Zealand national rugby team came to Chicago , we had the opportunity to get three All Blacks in the same room .
This is what happened next.…
Beauden Barrett
How do we start this , mate ?
Ardie Savea
I think Jules should start , since he 's the old man here . Come on , big bro , you got the gift .
Julian Savea
What 's up , it 's “ the Bus ” here .
Ardie
Hahahah . Noooooo , bro . You ca n't say that . This is going to go out to America .
Beauden
They already got a Bus there , mate .
Julian
Listen , there 's only one Bus , O.K . ?
Ardie
Hahahah . Noooooooo .
Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP Images
Beauden
Man , do n't do this .
Julian
Listen , there 's only one Bus … and that 's Jerome Bettis . The legend . Respect .
Ardie
This is off to a great start . Half our audience just turned away . Listen , America , we love the NFL , alright ?
Julian
Von Miller , that 's my man . I love Von .
Beauden
The thing is , when you 're a kid in New Zealand , at least when we were kids , rugby was everything . One of my earliest memories is sitting in front of the TV with my dad watching the All Blacks do the haka before the match , and I stood up in front of the TV and crouched down to mimic what they were doing . My arms were flying around , I was chanting . It was like the guys on TV were comic book heroes or something .
Ardie
Mate , you were lucky . We could n't afford the Sky Sports package . Me and Jules would watch the game down at the club with Dad .
Julian
Hahahah , for real . They would take us down to the club with them when we were like five years old . We 'd sit at the bar and eat peanuts during the rugby .
Ardie
Could n't do the haka on the club floor , man .
Julian
But yeah , Beaudy 's right . When you 're a Kiwi , rugby is everything . I think it 's a little bit different than almost anywhere else in the world in that respect . It 's really a part of the culture . For us , it started at the lodge of my dad 's rugby club . The lodge is kind of like a clubhouse where all the parents and all the kids go on Sundays . After the match , you eat and drink and talk for the whole day . All your aunties and uncles are there . It 's not just about rugby , it 's kind of like a community thing .
Ardie
We used to play knee rugby up on the balcony over the lodge . The ball was too big to hold , so we 'd roll up a sock or something and just start smashing each other .
Jean Catuffe/Getty Images
Julian
Yeah , but we were so little that we did n't know the techniques or anything , so I do n't know if I 'd even call it knee rugby . It was basically like we 'd line up on opposite ends of the floor , and then crawl towards one another until we smashed together as hard as we could .
Ardie
It was so much fun .
Julian
Yeah , until you 'd start crying , bro .
Ardie
I would , would n't I ?
Julian
The adults were oblivious . They were chilling . They were all good with us smashing it up until somebody started crying . That somebody always being Ardie , of course .
Ardie
I was so competitive . I was crazy .
Julian
Bro , you 'd start crying and I 'd have to give you the look . Man , I still give you the look . “ Do n't you tell 'em it 's my fault . ”
Beauden
Hahahaha .
Julian
Ardie loved to play so much as a kid . Whenever they used to call off our rugby matches for rain or something , Ardie would n't believe our mum .
Ardie
I used to walk down to the field in the rain . Just to see .
Julian
Just to make sure ! Hahahaha .
Ardie
If there was really nobody there , I used to cry . Like , Come on , it 's just a little bit of rain . Why ca n't we play ?
Julian
I ca n't even lie , I think I cried a few times too .
Ardie
I remember we 'd always end up breaking stuff in the lodge playing knee rugby , and we 'd all go run and hide . We broke a few trophies , remember ?
Julian
Hooooohoooooo . Who 's trophies , though ?
Ardie
Nah , man .
Julian
Come on , who 's trophies ?
Ardie
Probably yours . You were a beast . The little Bus .
Julian
From me and Ardie 's perspective , rugby was our life .
Anthony Au-Yeung/Getty Images
Beauden
Yeah , me too . From the time I was a kid growing up watching my dad play , that 's all I wanted to do . I remember waking up at like five o'clock in the morning to watch the All Blacks play South Africa . You 'd put the jug on and make a hot Milo to wake up .
Julian
That 's like a hot cocoa , America .
Beauden
Do they not have hot Milo in the States ?
Julian
Nah , man . I do n't think so .
Beauden
They 're missing out then . That was part of the morning routine when the All Blacks had an early morning kickoff . You dreamed about pulling on that black jersey some day , but obviously it was pretty long odds .
Julian
Ah man , Ardie and I just thought about playing for the local club . To actually have the chance to play for New Zealand , and to do it together on the same field … just unbelievable .
Beauden
Yeah , obviously my own brother Scott just made their debut for the All Blacks against Ireland while we were on a tour of the States , and it 's just the best feeling . In a country of 4.4 million people , where every kid grows up dreaming of playing for the All Blacks , you have two Saveas and two Barretts on the same field .
Ardie
Are you still drinking Milos before the game ?
Beauden
No , you know my routine , mate . I enjoy a nice scone , poached eggs on toast and some porridge .
Julian
This guy loves to nap , man .
Beauden
I do love a good lie down .
Ardie
Beaudy needs their naps . He 's like our quarterback . He 's got ta link up the forwards and the backs . He 's the real cerebral player out there . So , hey , let the man get their rest .
Rex Features/AP Images
Julian
How many naps you take a day , mate ?
Beauden
On a test day ? A good two or three .
Ardie
I ca n't sleep . Once I 'm up , I 'm too anxious to play . I 'm turnt up , bro .
Julian
When Ardie gets in the shower , that 's when it 's on .
Ardie
Seriously , that 's my favorite part . I 'm really into my music . So right before I shower , I put on my music and I get into my Beast Mode .
Julian
Hahahaha . Beast Mode . We 're gon na get sued , bro .
Ardie
Beast Mode ! Actually , when I 'm driving to the game and I 've got my music full blast , that 's when I 'm in 100 % Beast Mode .
Beauden
What are you listening to ?
Julian
Taylor Sw—
Ardie
Hahaha . Hey . No . Listen . You know , a little bit of everything .
Julian
My Beast Mode moment is the minute just before we run out of the tunnel . That 's when I really feel it . But when I 'm on the field , there 's a moment in almost every game that I love . For my position , which I guess is kind of like a running back , the beauty of it is that moment when I 'm running down the wing in space , and I see a little passing lane open up , and I can sense that my teammate is about to chuck me the ball . Ah , man , that 's the best .
In the 2015 World Cup quarterfinals , that moment happened when we were playing France . And the crazy part was , it was Dan Carter who was about to pass me the ball . That was me and Ardie 's hero growing up . To do it in the World Cup with them … nothing better , mate . Awesome . Nothing better .
Ardie
America , you got ta look up this video . It 's everything that makes Dan Carter a legend . They stiff-arms one defender like Marshawn Lynch.…
Julian
No , first they fake a pass to me , and that freezes the first defender . Then they stiff-arms the second guy , and right as he 's about to get smashed , they off-loads it to me with a little underarm flip .
Ardie
America , look at my brother 's eyes at the end of that clip . Look at 'em ! He 's like , Whaaaaaaat ? Are you serious ?
Julian
Hahahah . I grabbed the ball and I was off , man .
Ardie
I liked your other try better .
Julian
What , when I smashed it in ?
Ardie
Yeah , bro !
Julian
Hey , that 's how we play rugby in New Zealand . We got guys with the class and the vision like Beaudy and Dan , and we got guys like me , who just love to smash it up .
Everyone has heard the term “ Haute Couture ” a million times in their lifetime , but how many did actually know what it refers to ? There are many people who use the term “ Haute Couture ” improperly , which is why we want to set it straight today with this article . Here are some things you probably did n't know about Haute Couture , but do n't worry , you will find them out in a few moments !
According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary , Haute Couture is : “ noun ˌōt-ku̇-ˈtu̇r , the houses or designers that create exclusive and often trend-setting fashions for women ; also : the fashions created ” . A Valentino Haute Couture creation
The term “ haute couture ” is French . Haute means “ high ” or “ elegant. ” Couture literally means “ sewing ” .
The term was used for the first time in 1908 .
Not anyone can be an Haute Couture designer , or sell their clothes as such . To be a haute couture house , a business must be part of the Syndical Chamber for Haute Couture in Paris , which is regulated by the French Department of Industry .
In this union , there are about 18 members . Some of the most renowned are Chanel , Christian Dior , Maison Martin Margiela , Jean Paul Gaultier and Givenchy .
To make an Haute Couture dress it takes from 100 to 400 hours .
An Haute Couture suit can cost up to $ 60,000 , while a dress can go up to $ 100,000 .
Couture clothes are made out of highly expensive fabrics such as expensive silks , fine wools , cashmeres , cottons , linens , leather , suede , other skins or furs .
Sometimes a certain fabric is reserved for just one fashion house .
There are only 2000 women who buy couture today , 60 % of which are American . There are only 200 people who are regular customers .
However , we can often see Couture clothes worn by famous people . They do n't buy them , but get these clothes as a loan , s o they advertise for the house 's mainstream products such as perfume .
Aeonpet Co. , a subsidiary of the Aeon supermarket chain , has opened the first dog retirement home at a shopping mall east of Tokyo , providing an initial intake of 20 dogs with full-time care .
“ We decided to open the nursing facility because so many dog owners have requested something like this , ” Nanako Oiishi , a spokesperson for the company , told The Telegraph .
“ Many Japanese people have pets now , but of course they get old and it can be difficult to care for them , ” they said .
As well as a vet on call , the nursing home has a large grooming room and owners are able to stay with their animals as they live out the last of their days in luxury .
The president of Aeonpet said they intend to use the first dog retirement home to home the company 's skills and to “ establish an industry standard '' .
“ We hope to eventually expand operations nationwide , ” Akihiro Ogawa told Kyodo News .
Already the largest specialty pet company in Japan , with a chain of more than 170 stores and 59 animal hospitals , Mr Ogawa said they intend to expand the network of dog retirement facilities nationwide .
Improved living conditions and health services for animals mean that the majority are living far longer than in the past , while new laws that went into effect in Japan last year make it a legal obligation for pet owners to take care of their animals until they die .
You might recall that Monolith Productions and Warner Bros. announced a few days ago that Middle-earth : Shadow of War would be delayed on all platforms from its original August 22nd launch date to October 10th .
The developers have been hosting a regular Twitch live stream on Fridays and the latest , twelfth episode provided some information regarding the delay .
Related Middle-earth Shadow of War Definitive Edition Announced ; Includes All DLC
VP of Creative Micheal de Plater said :
This build is old , there 's a bunch of stuff we fixed already . We 're embarrassed to even show it , our E3 build is light years ahead . The thing that we 've learned during the course of making this game , is how much Shadow of War is bigger than the previous game in every dimension . The size of the game , the number of enemies , the complexity of the combat system , the Nemesis system… The process of actually testing , debugging , fixing bugs is just absolutely massive . We know that when this game ships , the level of polish and stability and balance has to be that of Shadow of Mordor , so there 's a really high bar that we have to meet .
This makes perfect sense and it 's exactly why I wrote an op-ed stating that delaying Middle-earth : Shadow of War was an excellent choice by Warner Bros. in terms of release window and additional time for Monolith to polish the whole experience , given the massive scope and more prominent RPG elements added to this sequel .
Shadow of War will be showcased in all likelihood at Microsoft 's E3 Briefing , scheduled for next Sunday at 2PM Pacific Time . Given that it was the first game to announce official support for Scorpio , we could be looking at Scorpio footage showcasing this improved E3 build asupervisorstioned by the developers .
The full stream is now available for playback via YouTube and we 've embedded it below . They showcased some pretty cool new combat abilities , so if you 're into that you might want to watch it .
To check that everything is working locally in a standard configuration I update the Arduino sketch and connect to the locally running app server .
Startup the local server
From the location of the java server start the server from a terminal and verify the server is running .
In terminal run :
java -jar server - 0.18 .2 -SNAPSHOT.jar
In browser ( remember https in the url ) :
https : //YOUR_LOCAL_IP:7443/admin
Login to the Blynk app locally and add a new Blynk project
From the login screen click on create new account . This is separate from the Blynk servers so the email and password can be whatever you want .
Click on the stoplight looking settings icon and switch to custom , then enter your local server IP .
When login is complete check that your new user displays on the local server .
Create another hello world led toggle project in the Blynk app . Note the Auth ID , email wo n't work but you can tap it to copy and email it to yourself manually
Update the Arduino sketch and upload
The new sketch has an IP address value added in Blynk.begin , this should be the IP of your local Blynk server . Enter you new Auth ID from above . Update this sketch , re verify , and upload , if you need help refer to the ESP8266 and Blynk setup steps .
/ * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Blynk is a platform with iOS and Android apps to control * Arduino , Raspberry Pi and the likes over the Internet . * You can easily build graphic interfaces for all your * projects by simply dragging and dropping widgets . * * Downloads , docs , tutorials : http : //www.blynk.cc * Blynk community : http : //community.blynk.cc * Social networks : http : //www.fb.com/blynkapp * http : //twitter.com/blynk_app * * Blynk library is licensed under MIT license * This example code is in public domain . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * This example runs directly on ESP8266 chip . * * You need to install this for ESP8266 development : * https : //github.com/esp8266/Arduino * * Please be sure to select the right ESP8266 module * in the Tools - > Board menu ! * * Change WiFi ssid , pass , and Blynk auth token to run : ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * / # define BLYNK_PRINT Serial // Comment this out to disable prints and save space # include # include // You should get Auth Token in the Blynk App . // Go to the Project Settings ( nut icon ) . char auth [ ] = `` XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX '' ; // Your WiFi credentials . // Set password to `` '' for open networks . char ssid [ ] = `` XXXXXX '' ; char pass [ ] = `` XXXXXX '' ; void setup ( ) { Serial.begin ( 115200 ) ; Blynk.begin ( auth , ssid , pass , IPAddress ( XXX , XXX , XX , XX ) ) ; } void loop ( ) { Blynk.run ( ) ; }
Refresh the server page and navigate to Hardware boards to check that the device has logged in locally .
From the Blynk app run your app and toggle the button , the LED should turn on and off if you used the blink led example linked above . This is all that 's needed to test the local server and Arduino hardware . If it works everything is ready for creating a custom Android app .
Three years ago , in Helmand , I watched Nick Clegg present a battle plan to the British military . Unfortunately , it seems to be following it . The plan was a crayon and felt tip scrawl by one of their sons , who 'd made their father promise to give it to the army . Handed over to amuse , it suggested that the baddies hidden beneath mountains could be fought by a few soldiers piling from a helicopter . We smiled at the juvenile simplicity .
Now , in Helmand , the military are doing just this . They call their murderous night raids against insurgents a bold strategy for success , when really the intensification of violence is evidence of failure . We are , as David Miliband will warn in a speech on Wednesday , trapped in a war with no plan other than to kill as many baddies as we can before fleeing .
At the end of my trip to Afghanistan with Clegg and Nick Harvey , now the armed forces minister , I wrote an overly optimistic piece suggesting that the army might be about to turn things around . Smart soldiers using jargon deployed PowerPoint charts to prove it . It seemed wrong not to take their confidence seriously , and allow them time to make their plans work . I did . More importantly , ministers did .
They have had the time and the plans did n't work . Almost everybody in politics thinks privately that military involvement in Afghanistan has been a disaster . The pity is few to dare say so .
Afghanistan is already yesterday 's war , though it is still to be tomorrow 's defeat . Mentally we have adjusted for the end , though there are still 9,500 British troops in action . Many soldiers and marines are on their fourth tour of duty – two years of a young adult life . Some face redundancy on return . We 've been in Afghanistan for 10 years , and in Helmand for five – world wars were fought and won in less . It 's becoming one of those conflicts which seem to have no beginning and no end and probably no point , slipping from our enthusiasm and into history . Libya is eating up our energies instead .
There was little interest last month when the foreign affairs committee published what ( by its standards ) was a strong criticism of the military surge . Perhaps some attention will be paid to Miliband 's speech . Of all politicians involved in pursuing the war they have been the bravest in speaking out . Their intervention , as with their previous ones , is being made in America . That 's where decisions are being taken . Britain , having set 2015 as a date for withdrawal for no reason other than the proximity of an election , is ticking off the days on the walls of Camp Bastion like a prisoner scratching out a sentence .
When General Petraeus leaves Afghanistan later this year they will of course claim to have broken the back of the insurgency , but what they have really done is scatter it across the country in response to ultra-violence . Their predecessor , General McChrystal , promised to pacify 40 districts by last December and 40 more by the end of this year . It has n't happened . Talk of stabilising Kandahar has come to nothing – those mega-operations which were supposed to drive the Taliban out of their capital . In the north , Mazar-i-Sharif has rioted against the UN . In the south , we are indulging the fantasy that Lashkar Gah can move to Afghan control . Across the country , the coalition is more feared , violence higher and the president , Hamid Karzai , more unpopular than ever .
Read Rodric Braithwaite 's magnificent new book Afgantsy to see where this will lead . Their compassionate and brilliantly researched account of the Soviet experience in Afghanistan tells the story of an almost accidental invasion which collapsed not because of any single defeat but because the occupation became too expensive and incoherent to sustain . We are following the same path , and though Braithwaite is too discreet to make the comparison , the Soviet occupation was arguably more successful than ours . It ended in a negotiated settlement which might have lasted if the west had n't funded its ruin .
The obvious thing to say – and when it 's obvious you have to ask if there is a problem with it – is that we must talk to the Taliban . Without that , we will leave a broken country . Our present strategy , says one official who has been at the heart of it , `` is all a big , big lie '' . Miliband will urge talks this week and of course they are right . But here 's the problem : what if no one answers ? The Taliban have little incentive to reach a deal . A few hopeful signs – a half-recanting speech by the previously obstructive Hillary Clinton – does not yet amount to a process .
In the meantime we are turning Afghanistan into a hyper-militarised state , funding a vast army and a security service which is becoming a government of its own . In the sham defence of democracy we will leave behind authoritarianism . It will no doubt last for a while after we go , as President Najibullah did after the Soviets . The Taliban will find they are not strong enough to rule Afghanistan . But nor is anyone else . If our present war is a calamity , what follows it will be worse . This is no way to end a column and no way to end a war , but maybe we will just have to shrug our shoulders and go .
• Jon Snow chairs a Guardian and British Museum debate on Afghanistan at the British Museum tomorrow . Tickets at www.britishmuseum.org
Reunions of separated families on the Korean peninsula have been suspended since October 2015
ADVERTISING Read more
United Nations ( United States ) ( AFP )
The European Union and Japan asked the United Nations on Tuesday to condemn North Korea for gross human rights violations , drawing a link between severe hunger endured by North Koreans and Pyongyang 's missile and nuclear programs .
After the death of US student Otto Warmbier , a draft resolution also said North Korea must provide detained foreign nationals with access to consular services and allow them to communicate with their families .
The measure was presented to the General Assembly 's human rights committee which is expected to vote on the text in the coming weeks .
North Korea conducted its sixth nuclear test this year and test-fired a series of advanced missiles , including intercontinental ballistic missiles , even as 18 million North Koreans , or 70 percent of the population , are struggling with food shortages .
The draft resolution condemns North Korea `` for diverting its resources into pursuing nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles over the welfare of its people , '' according to the draft text obtained by AFP .
Over half of North Korea 's population face food shortages and nearly a quarter suffer chronic malnutrition , according to UN findings cited in the proposed measure .
The draft resolution `` condemns the long-standing and ongoing systematic , widespread and gross violations of human rights '' in North Korea , and said those violations have led to severe hunger and malnutrition .
It expresses `` very serious concerns '' that Pyongyang has carried out torture , summary executions , arbitrary detention and abductions of foreign nationals within and outside its territory .
Warmbier , a 22-year-old student , died in June just days after they were released by Pyongyang and sent home in a coma following their arrest in January 2016 while visiting the North as a tourist .
Their parents have said their son showed signs of torture , including teeth that appeared to have been `` rearranged , '' and hands and feet that were disfigured .
In February , the half-brother of North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong-Nam , was killed with the poisonous nerve agent VS while waiting a crowded airport in Malaysia 's capital Kuala Lumpur .
The draft resolution recalled that all UN member-states are barred from providing work permits to North Korean nationals in line with a Security Council resolution .
It also expressed concern that reunions of separated families on the Korean peninsula have been suspended since October 2015 .
© 2017 AFP
Mark Tully assesses Henry David Thoreau 's influence , 150 years after their death .
Advocate of the simple life , champion of emancipation , and fervent opponent of government interference in the lives of citizens , Thoreau 's 19th century ideals have inspired civil rights leaders from Mahatma Gandhi to Martin Luther King .
They are also much revered in mindfulness circles for their belief in simplicity and the presence of spirituality in nature ; a philosophy woven throughout their books and essays .
We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake , not by mechanical aids , but by an infinite expectation of the dawn , which does not forsake us even in our soundest sleep . I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate their life by a conscious endeavour . It is something to be able to paint a particular picture , or to carve a statue , and so to make a few objects beautiful ; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look , which morally we can do . To affect the quality of the day , that is the highest of arts . ”
You can listen to the programme by clicking on the following link Something Understood – Henry David Thoreau
The programme lasts 30 minutes . It 's available only until 11.59pm , Sunday 13th May . I hope you enjoy it .
Once the final whistle had blown on the 2014/2105 Premier League season , my 6th as an FPL manager , I found myself in the surreal and humbling positon of finishing first in a game of over 3.5 million players . The question that I kept being asked and , naturally , the one I was asking myself was ; ‘ How did that happen ? '
My instinctive answer to that question was and still is ; ‘ luck ' . In a game of this many players , it takes more than just a good strategy to win it . But , that said , I 'm not sure anyone is that lucky either .
Having looked back through the season , there were certain identifiable principles that I followed that helped to stack the odds in my favour . So , with a substantial nod to Lady Luck , here are what I perceive to be the four key principles I followed which helped me to win the FPL this season .
1 . Flexibility and Balance .
Time is not always a good thing for an FPL manager to have too much of . In preseason , presented with time and an ever-increasing number of data sources and opinions , we instinctively search for the ‘ next Michu ' . Yet , more often than not , we seem end up with the current one .
Uncharacteristically , I managed to avoid ‘ over-thinking ' my initial squad selection . Sure , I had Bojan and Tadic , but these ‘ riskier ' selections were adequately compensated for by a much greater number of reliable , proven FPL players including Mata , Rooney , Hazard , Ramsey and Sigurdsson . I was very conservative with my initial selection throwing in just enough risk to make it interesting .
More importantly , however , I had a good balance of player prices throughout the team ; not too cheap in defence , not too heavy in attack . Should the ‘ next Michu ' emerge , I knew I probably would n't need to perform major surgery to get them in .
Finally , I focused on building a team that was good for about the first 6 gameweeks which I felt was a reasonable horizon to focus on . I did n't obsess about getting all the top-scorers for gameweek 1 or for the season as a whole , just a team that would work for 6 weeks . I repeated that process throughout the season .
As a result , even though I did n't get everything right with my initial team , my transfers going forward were n't overly dictated by the need to rectify my mistakes . I think this balance and flexibility in my initial team helped to give me an early advantage and set me up for the campaign .
2 . Holding Transfers & Wildcards .
Player prices were far less volatile this season than in previous ones and , for someone who was once a slave to team-value , I found this slower pace of change pretty liberating . With the reduced risk of being ‘ priced out of a move ' , I left my transfers as late as possible so I could consume as much team news as I could before making any decisions . This helped me make better transfer choices and to avoid wasting transfers on injured players . Consequently , I was able to carry over the extra transfer more frequently .
I banked that extra free transfer wherever possible as I found I could make a far greater impact on my team with two free transfers when compared to just one . Having that extra transfer available was extremely valuable when players did get injured or were dropped and it meant that I could avoid the need to spend points on transfers .
The same principle applied to the Wildcards . In previous seasons , I used to Wildcard early to build team value but , with this now less viable a tactic , I left it as late as possible to use both . In the end , keeping the season Wildcard proved crucial to me maintaining momentum late on . It allowed me to take advantage of the double fixtures in gameweek 34 and to set myself up effectively for the final run-in .
3 . Tactical Strength in Depth .
There are times where you need to maximise your ‘ on-pitch ' team value , such as when a number of key , expensive players all have a run of good fixtures simultaneously . In situations like this , cheap , bench-able ‘ 5th Midfielders ' or ‘ 3rd Forwards ' become extremely valuable as ‘ enablers ' to afford the likes of Aguero , Sanchez and Hazard all at once .
But there are also periods where it can pay to have ‘ strength in depth ' . By that , I mean ensuring that those ‘ 5th Midfielders ' and ‘ 3rd Forwards ' are good , starting players , ideally with good form and fixtures .
For example , in gameweeks 8 and 9 , which followed the second International break of the season , I received a combined 19 points from the auto-subs of Christian Eriksen and David Silva respectively . These helped me achieve good scores while many were struggling with injuries and , as a result , propelled me up the rankings .
We often avoid giving ourselves the ‘ selection headaches ' that strength in depth can cause and , true enough , I often left big points on the bench ( most memorably Harry Kane 's 18 points in gameweek 20 ) . But the benefits were worth this annoyance and , after all , having a high-scoring player on your bench is usually still better than not having that player at all ( though it might not feel that way at the time ! ) .
Maintaining strength in depth may not be a viable strategy for the whole season but , during periods of uncertainty such as the start of the season , after international breaks , during the fixture-intensity around Christmas and the final run-in , it can be a hugely effective tactic .
4 . Staying Patient with Star Players .
They say when it comes to footballers ; ‘ form is temporary , class is permanent ' . Nobody really enjoys it when footballing clichés are proven correct but that did seem to be the case with this one , this past season at least .
There were very few occasions during the season where I made what you would call an ‘ inspired ' differential transfer . The success I found came largely from keeping hold of solid , proven FPL performers a little longer than their form at the time perhaps merited .
It is true that you can keep an underperforming player too long , and it 's hard to keep your finger off the trigger when you have 9 – 11m of your budget invested in a player producing a string of ‘ 2-pointers ' . But when that player is David Silva , Eden Hazard , Alexis Sanchez or Sergio Aguero it 's usually not long before they start scoring again .
Few would describe these sorts of players ‘ left-field ' selections but , though it 's hard to imagine , they were all , at times , important differentials for me at some point during the season . Crucially , holding on to these players through their barren spells also meant I saved multiple transfers , something which helped enormously in keeping my team on the front foot .
In summary , I 'd say ‘ patience ' and ‘ flexibility ' were the key common characteristics of the various strategies that eventually won me the FPL . I reduced risk wherever I could influence it and , though I made plenty of mistakes throughout the season , because I kept to these principles , none were fatal and I was able to adapt my team and move on quickly .
It 's a simple approach to a complex game but , ironically , the hardest challenge in FPL is often doing the simple things consistently throughout a whole season . You do need to take some risks in order to win it but , with luck already being such a big part of FPL , it only pays to push it so far !
Simon March
@ MarchSimon
Residents wait on a rooftop to be rescued from the floodwaters of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans . Dozens of lawsuits seeking damages from the federal government for Hurricane Katrina-related levee failures and flooding in the New Orleans area are over . U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval Jr. has dismissed the cases . The move comes more than a year after a federal appeals court overturned their ruling that held the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers liable for flooding caused by lax maintenance of a shipping channel . ( Photo11 : David J. Phillip , AP ) Story Highlights More than 500,000 residents , businesses and governments filed claims
U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval Jr. has dismissed the cases
Rulings have been overturned that held the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers liable for flooding
NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) — Dozens of lawsuits seeking damages from the federal government for Hurricane Katrina-related levee failures and flooding in the New Orleans area are over .
U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval Jr. has dismissed the cases . The move comes more than a year after a federal appeals court overturned their ruling that held the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers liable for flooding caused by lax maintenance of a shipping channel .
Duval has also dismissed a parallel lawsuit against a contractor . It claimed excavation work weakened flood walls in New Orleans ' Industrial Canal . Duval entered the orders to dismiss the cases on Dec. 20 .
More than 500,000 residents , businesses and governments filed claims against the Corps . People in southern Louisiana have long taken for granted that the flooding in the wake of the 2005 storm was a human-made disaster — one caused specifically by the corps — and they have wanted the agency to pay up for lost homes and property .
The corps claimed immunity from suits related to decisions on flood-control projects , including most levees , based on a 1928 federal law . But lawyers tried to get around that by claiming the agency had been negligent in maintaining navigation channels , including the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet .
That channel , dug in the 1960s and closed after the hurricane , funneled Katrina 's storm surge into parts of the city . Overall , thousands of homes were destroyed , about 1,400 people died in the flood and much of the city was left underwater .
Duval had ruled in 2009 that the corps was liable for the flooding of New Orleans ' Lower 9th Ward neighborhood and St. Bernard Parish because the agency failed to properly maintain the channel , allowing protective marshland to wash away .
The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals initially agreed with that decision in March 2012 . But in September , a three-judge panel reversed its earlier opinion , saying the new ruling `` completely insulates the government from liability . ''
The ruling could make it extremely difficult to force the government to pay damages for future mishaps .
Under federal law , the government can not be sued over actions based `` on considerations of public policy , '' the appeals panel wrote . The corps ' decisions regarding the shipping channel fall under that protection , the judges wrote .
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/KcxLen
Baltimore Arts Realty Corp. 's Open Works is opening its doors Tuesday in Greenmount West , making it the most recent initiative in the city aimed at reviving small-scale manufacturing and stimulating growth among creative businesses .
BARCO spent $ 11.5 million to convert the 34,000-square-foot former distribution warehouse into a so-called makerspace , offering work space and tools to members , in an effort to improve access to resources that might otherwise be unaffordable and a barrier to launching a business .
`` We want to grow Baltimore 's economy back to its former glory , from the bottom up , '' said Will Holman , Open Works ' general manager .
BARCO bought the property at 1400 Greenmount Ave. , across from Green Mount Cemetery , in 2013 and broke ground last year .
The space houses wood and metal shops , 3-D printing and textiles studios , and an electronics lab . All are accessible through monthly memberships , which cost between $ 70 and $ 125 , or a day pass for $ 25 .
For $ 125 a month , entrepreneurs who want a dedicated space for their projects can rent one of 140 micro-studios , each with 42 square feet of space . Micro-studios come with a storage locker and an address for establishing business headquarters .
Open Works adds to a growing network of Baltimore facilities that offer communal workshops and target entrepreneurs looking to build their businesses with higher-quality tools or amateur makers who want to take their craft to the next level .
The Foundery , which relocated and expanded in Port Covington 's City Garage this year , is stocked with industrial-grade manufacturing equipment and is geared toward small manufacturers . Station North Tool Library , which allows members to check out tools , caters to home woodworkers and independent contractors who want to learn how to turn occasional handyman jobs into steady work .
Baltimore Development Corp. President Bill Cole said facilities like Open Works can make Baltimore more appealing for new small business and help revive its history of small-scale manufacturing .
`` I look at it and think of how many jobs we can create , how many entrepreneurs can start a business because they now have the tool they only dreamed of having access to , '' Cole said .
In addition to its potential to create jobs and keep talent in Baltimore , Cole said , they are excited about how Open Works can advance revitalization in the area .
`` There 's really something happening in that part of Baltimore , something really positive , '' Cole said . `` Open Works has become a really transformational piece of the puzzle over there . ''
The Station North neighborhood has been transformed over the past several years from an area known for its vacant buildings to an emerging artist hub .
Earlier this year , nonprofit developer Jubilee Baltimore opened its $ 19 million renovation of The Centre , a former theater that now houses co-working space Impact Hub , video game developer Sparkypants Studios , the Baltimore Jewelry Center and arts centers from the Johns Hopkins University and Maryland Institute College of Art .
After opening its 69-unit affordable housing unit for artists , City Arts , six years ago , Jubilee Baltimore will open City Arts 2 in November . The second artists-only residence has 60 affordable-housing units and is at 1700 Greenmount Ave. , blocks away from Open Works .
`` Baltimore , for the first time in its history , is becoming an arts center , '' said Charles Duff , president of Jubilee Baltimore .
Improving the neighborhood and creating a community for builders is an integral part of Open Works ' mission , Holman said .
One of Open Works first members is Jimmi , a 3-D printing company founded last year by two MICA graduates . Jimmi makes 3-D printer kits and runs a series called Buildclass to teach people how to build a printer using the kit .
As MICA entrepreneurs-in-residence for the 2015-2016 school year , Jimmi founders Harrison Tyler and Evan Roche were able to base company operations at their MICA studio and use the school 's labs . But since the school year ended , business has been on hold until Jimmi can move into its space at Open Works this month . The company needs access to high-tech tools that Tyler said the two ca n't afford to buy on their own , so a private studio is n't an option .
`` If a membership is $ 125 for full access , that 's about the monthly lease payment to own just one of the machines , '' Tyler said . `` It 's more tools than I could afford to have access to any other way . ''
Extra space and resources also mean Jimmi can move forward with new printer projects , such as a 3-D printer kit that scientists and researchers can use to print biomaterials like scaffolding that could be used to grow skin or even an organ , Tyler said .
Jimmi also is building a large format 3-D printer , to become part of Open Works ' tools , that can print items up to a meter square .
`` We can really bring those into reality once we start working at Open Works , '' Tyler said of Jimmi 's upcoming projects .. `` Our research and development will really be able to pick up . ''
The company has primarily taken its printer kits and Buildclass sessions directly to labs , schools or companies that want to learn how to build and use 3-D printers . Being able to hold classes at Open Works will broaden Jimmi 's potential customer base , to include more hobbyists or entrepreneurs who are interested in 3-D printing for their personal use .
Rep. Elijah Cummings will be on hand for Tuesday 's opening ceremonies .
`` If we are going to lift Baltimore families out of poverty and into the middle class , we need to ensure that our workers have access to 21st century tools and training that will enable them to succeed in the 21st century economy , '' said Cummings , a Baltimore City Democrat . `` Open Works will help make Baltimore a global innovation hub , which will create jobs here in Baltimore that can not be shipped overseas . ''
Aside from workspace , Open Works will offer classes for Baltimore residents who want to learn a new trade or hone their skills .
The organization also is partnering with nonprofit organizations to offer classes for children . A mobile makerspace will travel to local K-12 schools to teach a technology or engineering lesson and show off some cool tools to more students .
`` People come for the tools , but they stay for the community , '' Holman said . `` If all they want to do is make stuff , people are happy in their garage or basement . The real value of a makerspace is n't the tools or the technology or the space , it 's the community and the connections that blossom there . ''
sarah.gantz @ baltsun.com
Story highlights The 40-year-old Asian elephant was shot April 2013
A circus spokesperson says she 's doing great : `` Happy to be back ''
`` The Greatest Show on Earth '' will be in Tupelo through Sunday
`` She 's doing great -- happy to be back in Tupelo , and happy to be back performing , '' said Steve Payne , spokesperson for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus .
Carol the elephant was shot April 2013 on the grounds of BancorpSouth Arena , in Tupelo , Mississippi , while on tour with `` The Greatest Show on Earth . '' They were struck behind them ear .
The 40-year-old Asian elephant took a few weeks off to recover , Payne said . She 's performed since the shooting , but Thursday marked the circus ' first show back in Tupelo .
JUST WATCHED 2013 : Circus elephant improves after shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2013 : Circus elephant improves after shooting 03:20
Carol has shown no problems or other issues , the spokesperson said .
Working with local law enforcement , the circus has stepped up security , they added .
`` I have no idea why anyone in the world would want to do something so malicious or stupid , '' Capt . Rusty Haynes , with the Tupelo police , said last year of the unknown assailant . `` It makes no sense to me whatsoever . ''
Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus is scheduled to be in Tupelo through Sunday .
Researchers at The Ohio State University Medical Center found that friendship may trigger a change in the brain to help weight loss , 10TV News reported on Tuesday .
Researchers Matthew During and Lei Cao learned from mice how to flip a biological switch to burn body fat , 10TV 's Andrea Cambern reported .
`` Most people have just heard the word 'fat ' and it 's always a bad thing , '' During said .
According to During , there are two kinds of fat ; white fat that stores energy and brown fat , which burns it .
They said that lean people have more brown fat and finding a way to switch from white to brown is a holy grail of obesity research .
`` Then you can eat more or eat the same and you 'd start to lose weight , '' During said .
Researchers divided mice into two groups . One group went into typical cages . The other went into a big one , full of toys , mazes , tunnels , wheels , bedding , and other mice . The mice in the playground ended up with half the white fat of the control group . Though they were on a high-fat diet , they weighed 29 percent less .
During said their environment switched the brain to convert white fat to brown . Slimmer mice needed more than just exercise , they needed friends too .
`` It 's a combination of all those things . It 's social interactions , physical activity , engagement in the world , '' During said .
They believed that the principle also applies to humans .
`` The couch potato is not just you 're sitting on the couch eating a lot and watching TV , '' During said . `` You 're not engaging socially , so just to get out there , to involve yourself . Not just the physical activity , but the actual social involvement we believe is very important to activate this pathway . ''
During said that changing behavior was only half the answer . They hoped finding the brain switch may lead to new drugs so people can shed pounds and stay at a healthy weight .
The work was being published on Tuesday in the journal `` Cell Metabolism . ''
Stay with 10TV News and 10TV.com for continuing coverage .
Sometimes the Internet surprises you with something so random and cool , it 's unfathomable that it actually exists . An alternative version of The Karate Kid is all that and a crane kick .
In 1983 , director John G. Avildsen was getting ready to shoot The Karate Kid with stars Ralph Macchio , Pat Morita and others . As part of the rehearsal process , Avildsen decided to film all of the rehearsals and edited it together into a ( very ) rough version of the movie . It was used as a tool for the actors to give them a sense of what the movie would be like , how their characters would change , all of that important stuff . Presumably , it was never meant to see the light of day outside of the cast and crew .
Then , of course , this small film about a young man from New Jersey who moves to California and learns karate to earn the respect of their peers became a massive hit and , almost twenty years later , fans are still clamoring for more . Now that rehearsal movie has found its way online . After the jump , watch The Karate Kid in its entirety comprised solely of rehearsal footage . It 's the best DVD extra never included on a DVD .
Thanks to Metafilter ( via One Cool Thing a Day ) for this amazing find , which has actually been online for over a year . I 've embedded the first three parts and provided links to the rest so your browser does n't hate us . Read more about it below .
And here 's the rest of the movie : Part 4 ; Part 5 ; Part 6 ; Part 7 ; Part 8/9 ; Part 10 ; Part 11 ; Part 12 ; Part 13 .
As you can see from the YouTube videos , they 're all uploaded by user “ Avildsen1221 ” which , it 's safe to assume , is actually the film 's director , John G. Avildsen ( whose birthday is 12/21 , fitting the YouTube handle . ) If you go to the direct YouTube page for each video , they post short descriptions about each part of the film including which crew members are standing in for actors and more . For fans , not only is this an insane find and great look at the filmmaking process , but it shows scenes that were deleted from the final film , alternative lines of dialogue and other hidden gems . This has to be one of the best thing I 've ever seen online . Do you agree ?
Keating Hall on the Fordham campus ( Ericcro/Dreamstime )
A Fordham University professor is charged with a secret Title IX complaint .
How do you try to prove a charge of religious discrimination against a Jesuit university 's professor of history and anti-Semitism studies ?
You 'd think you could ask Professor Doron Ben-Atar , who was just cleared of this accusation , leveled by another professor . But they ca n't tell you either , because they were investigated by the university 's Title IX commission , they say , without ever being informed of the charges against him . “ They never told me what I did wrong , because I did n't do anything wrong , ” Ben-Atar says . “ All I did was stand up against anti-Semitism . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
In December 2013 , the American Studies Association , a national academic organization , passed a boycott against official collaboration with Israeli universities and affiliated persons as a symbolic protest against the treatment of Palestinians in the “ apartheid state. ” The ASA was the first significant national academic association to pass such a boycott in solidarity with the Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions movement . BDS can seem like just another pro-Palestinian movement — it aims to put pressure on Israel until it “ fully recognizes Palestinians ' fundamental rights ” and “ ends its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands occupied in June 1967 and dismantle [ s ] the Wall ” that Israel built to regulate movement in and out of the Palestinian Territories in 2005 . But it also essentially opposes the continuing existence of Israel in its current form , leading some critics to label some parts of the movement anti-Semitic .
Applying BDS 's tactics to the academic realm has been especially controversial . More than 200 American university presidents , including Fordham 's Father Joseph McShane S.J. , and national organizations such as the American Association of University Professors , have issued statements denouncing the boycott as a violation of academic freedom . Some universities ' American Studies programs have gone further , severing ties with the ASA entirely .
Advertisement
Professor Ben-Atar , a longtime member of Fordham 's American Studies program , hoped that their school would do the same . Although they were grateful for Fr . McShane 's statement , they argued that their program should break with the ASA over the boycott . That 's when the trouble started .
Advertisement
Professor Micki McGee , a sociology professor and the director of Fordham 's American Studies program , filed the charge of religious discrimination against Dr. Ben-Atar . In a meeting the program 's affiliated faculty convened to discuss the boycott , minutes say Professor Ben-Atar did the following :
The American Studies Program at Fordham should make a stand : oppose to bigotry , distance itself from the ASA , and if it does not , this colleague [ Ben-Atar ] said they would withdraw from the American Studies program , and fight the American Studies Program at Fordham in every forum and in every way .
Advertisement
McGee took issue with Ben-Atar 's argument and filed a Title IX complaint — primarily used for sexual-harassment cases — against him . Ben-Atar was not informed of this charge , nor was they told that it was later changed to a charge of religious discrimination and harassment . When Ben-Atar was finally informed there was a complaint , they met with Fordham 's Title IX director , Anastasia Coleman , who conducted the investigation . ( Ben-Atar has a more detailed explanation of these series of events in a recent article in Tablet . )
Coleman provided very little information in their meeting regarding the parties involved and the nature of the complaint itself , Ben-Atar says . With little information to go on , Ben-Atar referred the charge to their lawyer , simultaneously emphasizing that they were willing to meet again with the university . They were never contacted directly by the Title IX office again . Their attorney and Fordham 's general counsel , Tom DeJulio , discussed the matter cordially over the following weeks and agreed that the professor was well within their rights to express their vehement disapproval of the boycott .
Advertisement
And then the results of this investigation came in . It was only at this point , in a letter from Coleman detailing their findings , that Ben-Atar was informed of the details of the complaint against him .
Advertisement
# page # McGee and the Title IX office had latched onto Ben-Atar 's use of the word “ fight ” at the original meeting of the American Studies Program faculty . This word , they felt , conveyed a threat to the program and their person and implied that they were anti-Semitic . Ben-Atar maintains that the threat was not directed at anyone specifically , nor did they intend to make such an insinuation about McGee .
How any of this had to do with Title IX , Ben-Atar still does n't know .
“ I said I would fight the position — that is what you do in academia , ” they say . Or rather , that 's what you can do in academia if you are on the politically correct side of the argument . If you 're on the other side , Ben-Atar says , good luck .
“ The discourse of academia is between the cultural Left and the liberal Left , ” they say . “ That 's where the discourse happens . People who are not a part of these two clubs are marginalized . They are called right-wingers , and the word ‘ right-winger ' is about the worst thing you can call someone. ” Ben-Atar is n't happy to have kicked up the controversy : It “ has given Fordham a terrible black eye , ” they say . But it ca n't just be swept away , either . “ Fordham decided to mistreat me and become a bully , ” they say . “ And I will not be silent in the fight against anti-Semitism . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Yet there 's a broader issue than the complaint itself . “ The administration failed to say to Dr. McGee , ‘ Listen , you have a political disagreement with Dr. Ben-Atar . This is not something that requires bigger action , ' ” Ben-Atar says .
The problem , they say , “ is the turning of a political disagreement into legal action , the process of which violated my First Amendment rights. ” The BDS movement itself is a threat to classical liberalism on college campuses , since one of its main tactics involves the limitation of academic debate . But the dangers , Professor Ben-Atar discovered , run much deeper in academia than any single passing liberal cause .
— Kim McCarthy is an intern at National Review .
JRM Group announced Wednesday that it has joined forces with Nova Race , which will campaign JRM-built and NISMO-supported Nissan GT-R GT3 cars throughout Europe and beyond .
As part of a multi-year partnership , the Italian GT squad will run two cars with full JRM technical support this year , along with plans to expand to a three-car effort for 2015 .
“ The Nissan GT-R NISMO GT3 has already seen race and championship wins in Europe and beyond and we believe that JRM Group 's new partnership with Nova Race GT3 will add further pages to that success story , ” said JRM Group Executive Director James Rumsey .
“ The combination between two young , well resourced and ambitious organizations stands to produce real results in terms of on-track performance , engineering excellence and customer support . I believe that this could be the start of a very significant new force in European GT racing . ”
Nova Race team principal Elisa Maioli added : “ We founded our team through passion and that passion has been renewed with this very exciting new program .
“ GT Racing in Europe and the Middle East is growing fast and the customer market in GT3 in particular is one which offers the opportunity for success in both sporting and business terms . ”
While having yet to be formally announced , Nova Race 's 2014 program is likely to include select rounds of the Blancpain Sprint and Endurance Series , International GT Open , as well as potential entries for the Gulf 12 Hours and Dubai 24 Hours .
DID you know that nation-level income inequality would drop if the government herded all the poor people onto boats and dropped them off on a distant island ? Newsweek 's Mickey Kaus , apparently excited by this sort of logic , proposes something similar as a winning solution to America 's alleged inequality woes . The difference is that Mr Kaus proposes to keep relatively poor people out in the first place :
If you 're worried about incomes at the bottom , though , one solution leaps out at you . It 's a solution that worked , at least in the late 1990s under Bill Clinton , when wages at the low end of the income ladder rose fairly dramatically . The solution is tight labor markets . Get employers bidding for scarce workers and you 'll see incomes rise across the board without the need for government aid programs or tax redistribution . A major enemy of tight labor markets at the bottom is also fairly clear : unchecked immigration by undocumented low-skilled workers . It 's hard for a day laborer to command $ 18 an hour in the market if there are illegals hanging out on the corner willing to work for $ 7 . Even experts who claim illlegal immigration is good for Americans overall admit that it 's not good for Americans at the bottom . In other words , it 's not good for income equality . Odd , then that Obama , in their `` war on inequality , '' has n't made a big effort to prevent illegal immigration -- or at least to prevent illegal immigrration from returning with renewed force should the economy recover .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
This is badly misleading . A move to the United States is an upwardly mobile move for almost all low-skilled immigrant workers , and it tends to reduce inequality on the whole . As a matter of description , Mr Kaus ' conclusion follows only if we grant them the premise that the trend in inequality is best measured by looking at the set of people inside a country 's borders at one point in time and then comparing it to the set of people inside the country 's borders at a later point in time . I propose we reject this premise . It makes more sense to begin with the set of people now inside a country 's borders and then follow the same people back in time . As we rewind the tape , some of those people will end up outside the country 's borders because they migrated during the period under consideration . As economists Lant Pritchett and Michael Clemens convincingly argue , if we seek to measure how people fare , as opposed to how fenced-in national populations fare , the correct measure is what they call `` income per natural '' . On an income-per-natural basis , almost nothing reduces inequality more dramatically than the migration of low-skilled workers from a poorer country to a richer country .
The only reason to make the within-borders population of a nation-state our analytical touchstone is a prior commitment to the idea that the nation-state is the correct unit of normative evaluation . That is to say , an unacknowledged commitment to moral nationalism tends to stand behind the sort of analytical nationalism driving Mr Kaus ' inequality accounting trick . We are interested in inequality in large part because most of us believe , rightly or wrongly , that levels and trends in inequality function as a rough measure of our society 's justice . But moral or normative nationalism itself is a plausible cause of social injustice . It begs all kinds of profound questions simply to assume moral nationalism and set up our conceptual apparatus so that it not only blinds us to the way immigration dramatically reduces poverty and inequality , but also creates the illusion that immigration worsens what we assume to be a form of injustice .
Historically , the most vicious forms of inequality and injustice are based on coercive exclusion , and this is precisely what Mr Kaus proposes ramping up . It is conceivable that the global system of socio-economic apartheid is justified because there is something special about national citizenship and national boundaries . But given the parallels of the status-quo system to arrangements we consider paradigms of invidious inequality and social injustice , this needs an argument . At the very least , the argument that we should consolidate the advantages imagined flowing to insiders by even more aggressively excluding outsiders should not be so blithely advanced . That most insiders think this argument sounds swell hardly makes it sound .
I say `` imagined '' to flow to insiders , because it turns out that low-skilled immigration does n't actually hurt the native poor . As Francisco D'Amuri and Giovanni Peri write :
Despite popular belief , often based on anecdotes and bodged analysis , there is hardly any evidence that immigrant workers have a negative effect on the wages of native workers ( see for instance Card 2009 and Glitz 2007 ) or that they crowd-out other jobs in the US ( Card and Di Nardo 2000 ) or Europe . On the contrary , some authors emphasise the existence of a potentially positive effect of immigrants on the demand for native workers .
This is admittedly counterintuitive . Here 's how Messrs D'Amuri and Peri account for the puzzling pattern found in the data :
Our hypothesis is that immigrants , who often do not speak the language and do not master the culture and norms of the host country , are concentrated in more manual-routine tasks ( especially among less educated groups ) . The inflow of immigrants thus increases the supply of manual skills relative to the supply of abstract skills with two effects : Due to the complementarity between these types of skills , the increase in the supply of manual tasks boosts relative compensation for complex skills , making them better paid .
Exploiting their comparative advantage , natives move to occupations requiring a relatively higher level of these skills . This positive reallocation and the complementarity of tasks can explain the lack of negative employment effects as well as the potential positive wage effects of immigration on native workers .
So here 's how it all shakes out . Low-skilled immigration reduces economic inequality when we set aside nationalist assumptions and focus on people instead of populations . Even if we cling to analytical and moral nationalism , low-skilled immigration does n't happen to increase measured inequality . On the contrary , complementaries between the skills of migrant and native workers can leave natives better off than they would have been with less immigration .
I returned , and saw under the sun , that the race is not to the swift , nor the battle to the strong , neither yet bread to the wise , nor yet riches to men of understanding , nor yet favour to men of skill ; but time and chance happeneth to them all .
Ecclesiastes 9:11
An ass - head of a school of art
In the end of the 19th century a group of innovative artists including Paul Cézanne , Paul Gauguin , and Camille Pissarro organized Salon des Indépendants to exhibit their work . It became very famous and attracted most of the progressive French artists . In the March of 1910 the picture by an unknown artist J.R. Boronali was on display in the salon .
The sun fell asleep over Adriatic by Joachim-Raphaël Boronali
It did not draw much attention since it did not stand out from the other paintings around it . Soon , however , a newspaper reported [ 1 ] that the picture was painted by an ass .
The writer Roland Dorgelès with accomplices hired an ass from the owner of Montmartre cabaret Lapin Agile [ 2 ] . The hoaxers placed the donkey before a canvas , tied a brush to their tail and fed them carrots . While chewing , the ass vigorously wiggled their tail thereby creating the masterpiece . People 's only contribution was to dip the brush into paints and to sign the picture at the end . The name Boronali was an anagram of Aliboron , an ass from La Fontaine 's fable .
On April 1 , Dorgelès published in humoristic journal Fantasio [ 3 ] the manifest of Excessivism , a new school of art created by the ass . It was a parody of the manifests of other progressive artistic schools .
Click to enlarge .
Inspired by this event Russian artist Mikhail Larionov organized an artistic group `` Donkey 's tail '' [ 4 ] . The group among others included Kazimir Malevich . Their manifesto read as follows ( my translation )
Last year in Paris a painting was exhibited and did not attract much attention . After the exhibition Parisian newspapers announced that the picture was painted by donkey 's tail . Yellow press made noise about this incident . Now we are taking up the gauntlet . The audience thinks that we are painting with donkey 's tail - we will be Donkey 's Tail .
More hoaxes that embarrassed the art world had followed , including Disumbrationist School of Painting and Avantgarde artist Pierre Brassau .
Mikhail Simkin
December 3 , 2015
Bug : Spells triggered from Cospri 's Malice seem to not leech life on rares , bosses , and other unique mobs .
I am currently running Vortex + Increased Critical Damage Support + Life Leech Support in Cospri 's . I am triggering it by utilizing Cyclone + Faster Attacks Support + Increased Critical Strikes Support + Additional Accuracy Support . I know people running discharge and other 'Cold ' spells , and the same issues arises .
I have high crit chance , and the issue is NOT triggering vortex . I clear trash packs and blues with ease . When fighting rares , uniques , and bosses , 0 life is gained back from the triggered spells in Cospri 's Malice .
So far , two people I know have this exact same issue , and we have not been able to find a solution thus far .
Thank you . The new sword , Cospri 's Malice is a fun alternative to CoC , and is quite strong in comparison when considering the recent nerfs to CoC.Bug : Spells triggered from Cospri 's Malice seem to not leech life on rares , bosses , and other unique mobs.I am currently running Vortex + Increased Critical Damage Support + Life Leech Support in Cospri 's . I am triggering it by utilizing Cyclone + Faster Attacks Support + Increased Critical Strikes Support + Additional Accuracy Support . I know people running discharge and other 'Cold ' spells , and the same issues arises.I have high crit chance , and the issue is NOT triggering vortex . I clear trash packs and blues with ease . When fighting rares , uniques , and bosses , 0 life is gained back from the triggered spells in Cospri 's Malice.So far , two people I know have this exact same issue , and we have not been able to find a solution thus far.Thank you . Last edited by Errasal on Sep 9 , 2016 , 8:01:43 PM Last bumped on Nov 19 , 2016 , 2:24:45 PM Posted by Errasal
on on Quote this Post
I am also experiencing this issue . It 's extremely frustrating to try and kill map bosses that do not spawn any adds while not being able to leech off the boss itself . I am also running vortex + life leech in my Cospri 's Malice . Posted by raler
on on Quote this Post
confirmed , i have the issue too .
without the leech of atziri 's flask i ca n't do bosses . ! ! ! Sorry for my `` bum english '' ! ! ! Last edited by stexnex on Sep 10 , 2016 , 4:41:25 PM Posted by stexnex
on on Quote this Post
`` Errasal
https : //gyazo.com/b7a76980161849867a5d10437d571e83 Captured a GIF of this occurring :
So , what 's your build specifically ? because i assume it has no regen for your es , meaning you get it either through recharge by not taking damage or life leech . You clearly do gain minimal life in small bursts during the fight . Maybe the initial hit damage of your vortex is low ? The damage over time should n't leech anyway . So , what 's your build specifically ? because i assume it has no regen for your es , meaning you get it either through recharge by not taking damage or life leech . You clearly do gain minimal life in small bursts during the fight . Maybe the initial hit damage of your vortex is low ? The damage over time should n't leech anyway . Last edited by TheGloryOfSatan on Sep 10 , 2016 , 5:39:50 PM Posted by TheGloryOfSatan
on on Quote this Post
i ran some maps without the LL gem , thefore i run warlords mark . With warlords mark the leech works well on all kind of foes and all bosses are viable . after i switch back to the LL gem and drop warlords mark : bosses without adds are impossible !
i hope GGG check this thread , to less atention about this sword . ! ! ! Sorry for my `` bum english '' ! ! ! Last edited by stexnex on Sep 10 , 2016 , 9:07:18 PM Posted by stexnex
on on Quote this Post
`` stexnex
i hope GGG check this thread , to less atention about this sword . i ran some maps without the LL gem , thefore i run warlords mark . With warlords mark the leech works well on all kind of foes and all bosses are viable . after i switch back to the LL gem and drop warlords mark : bosses without adds are impossible ! i hope GGG check this thread , to less atention about this sword .
I tried this and it still did not work for me . I hope this gets figured out soon . I tried this and it still did not work for me . I hope this gets figured out soon . Posted by raler
on on Quote this Post
`` raler `` stexnex
i hope GGG check this thread , to less atention about this sword . i ran some maps without the LL gem , thefore i run warlords mark . With warlords mark the leech works well on all kind of foes and all bosses are viable . after i switch back to the LL gem and drop warlords mark : bosses without adds are impossible ! i hope GGG check this thread , to less atention about this sword .
I tried this and it still did not work for me . I hope this gets figured out soon . I tried this and it still did not work for me . I hope this gets figured out soon .
Regardless of Warlord 's Mark working with this , it seems that the Life Leech Support gem is not working at the proper rate for spells triggered in Cospri 's . I have noticed Atziri 's Promise to work great against most bosses for leech , when the support gem does not be doing anything ( or near 0 . )
Relative to damage output , the leech from the support gem ( or lack there of ) seems to be far off vs yellow , unique , and boss mobs . Having played regular CoC builds in the past , Cospri 's seemingly just does not leech what it should in respect to its large damage output . Regardless of Warlord 's Mark working with this , it seems that the Life Leech Support gem is not working at the proper rate for spells triggered in Cospri 's . I have noticed Atziri 's Promise to work great against most bosses for leech , when the support gem does not be doing anything ( or near 0 . ) Relative to damage output , the leech from the support gem ( or lack there of ) seems to be far off vs yellow , unique , and boss mobs . Having played regular CoC builds in the past , Cospri 's seemingly just does not leech what it should in respect to its large damage output . Last edited by Errasal on Sep 10 , 2016 , 11:04:26 PM Posted by Errasal
on on Quote this Post
If there 's been a near-universal theme among the hundreds of fighters who have appeared on The Ultimate Fighter over the course of 16 seasons , it is this : Living in the TUF house is not something they 'd want to experience again .
Sure , most of them came out the other end of their TUF experience better fighters with higher public profiles than when they entered . But six weeks alone in the Nevada desert , cut off from friends , family , and any real contact with the outside world , all while a camera films you , is enough to test the psyche of even the strongest-willed men .
But few fighters seemed to take their time in the house as hard as Mike Ricci . The Montrealer , who fights Colton Smith in the welterweight championship fight at Saturday night 's Ultimate Fighter Finale card in Las Vegas , says they still feel the repercussions from living in the house . They explained their feelings in-depth during a gripping MMA Hour interview on Monday .
`` TUF took a lot of what was left as far as humanity and remorse for this sport and people and kind of took it away , '' said Ricci . `` [ It ] made me realize how much of this sport is just business . ''
Ricci , who trains at Montreal 's famed Tri-Star gym , jumped up from lightweight and was the smallest fighter in the house during a welterweight season . They say that while they knew what they were getting into , the effects of the seclusion was more than they could have imagined .
`` It was an absolute nightmare , I wanted to sue for psychological damage , I was n't the same person , '' Ricci said . `` I actually thought I had a case , ‘ I 'm not the same person , I can do this and win . ' But , I felt like do n't get me wrong , I knew what I was getting into I knew how I was going to react . Even some of the producers in the house toward the end were like , ‘ Geez , you 're the most institutionalized fighter we 've ever seen , we 've done 11 seasons and we 've never seen anyone like you , you 're like a robot now . '
`` I was taken away from my family and from my friends and from life , you literally , you vanish , you 're gone , there 's no sign of you whatsoever , '' Ricci continued . `` Its almost like to everyone in the outside world you 're dead and you 're gone . There 's no sign of you whatsoever . And , things like for instance I did n't know what was happening with my people on the outside , it was upsetting , people had gotten new jobs or changed their hairstyle or experienced different things I missed out on , it iust upset me . It still upsets me to this day . ''
Ricci has watched themselves on TUF as the season has aired , but they say doing so is a difficult task .
`` I watch it and it brings back a lot of emotions for me , '' they said . `` It 's hard to watch , when I watch it I do n't even realize it , five minutes into the show I 'm frowning and my eyebrows get lower and I have this look on my face and I 'm getting right back where I was just by watching . But , and also with my situation it was even harder , I was the smallest guy in the house , lightweight , looking the way I look and being quiet it just kind of made me a target for the jokes in the house and being picked on and whatnot . It made my situation a lot harder . ''
All of this begs the question : Why did Ricci join TUF in the first place ? According to the fighter , in the long run , the opportunity to gain the same benefits so many other TUF winners have gained over the years outweighed the negatives .
`` I feel it was an opportunity for me to get ahead and go faster than I would have by the usual route , fighting your way up on undercards , '' Ricci said . `` I know that it was a lot of work that was going to be crammed into a short amount of time , but if I looked good and was successful ... I feel like I brought in just as much exposure and gone as far forward fighting four fights for TUF than I would have four fights outside of TUF . But the time status is those four fights could be in a year , and I did it all in the span of a summer . That 's why I did it . ''
With one more win , Ricci will have accomplished that goal . As the fighter with the chance to become the first Canadian TUF winner , he 's garnered more interest than most TUF contestants in recent years . Now it 's just a matter of getting the job done .
`` There 's a lot of successful people around me , '' said the Tri-Star competitor . `` Rory MacDonald , Georges St-Pierre . I train with these guys day in and day out and I know where I deserve to be and TUF was my ticket . ''
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh knocked on a door in Manchester , N.H. , while canvassing for Hillary Clinton .
Mayor Martin J. Walsh is heading to New Hampshire this weekend with more than 1,000 volunteers to stump for Hillary Clinton , as Tuesday 's vote nears in the Democratic presidential primary , a Walsh spokesperson said .
Walsh , who endorsed Clinton in the fall , has already made three trips to the Granite State to campaign for the former secretary of state — serving as a surrogate at one campaign event and bringing along volunteers , said Michael Goldman , the mayor 's campaign spokesperson .
“ He personally has been up there three times , '' Goldman said . “ He 's done extensive door-knocking all over , especially in the Manchester area . ”
Advertisement
Since the start of January , more than 1,500 Walsh-Clinton volunteers have been to New Hampshire , Goldman added .
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
The Clinton campaign confirmed that Walsh and at least 100 volunteers been visiting the Manchester area “ weekly . ''
The mayor 's door-knocking and speaking excursions also have been chronicled on Twitter , such as a Jan. 30 post from Walsh aide Cameron Charbonnier : “ Mayor @ marty_walshshowing the team how it 's done at the doors for @ HillaryClinton in NH . # Marty4Hillary # ImWithHer . ''
Indeed , the mayor 's political machine has been churning for Clinton . The head of their Office of Women 's Advancement , Megan Costello , and the chief of staff for civic engagement , Daniel Manning , have been organizing weekly bus trips to New Hampshire , Goldman said . Both have been doing the work on their own personal time , Goldman stressed .
Walsh 's former chief of operations Joseph Rull is also campaigning for Clinton , out of the Manchester office . Rull was field director for Walsh 's 2013 mayoral campaign and now runs a private consulting business , Goldman added .
An earlier version of this article mistated Joseph Rull 's former position with Mayor Walsh .
Meghan E. Irons can be reached at meghan.irons @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ meghanirons
A great deal of misinformation has been spread about the missing Israeli teens in the West Bank . I did it myself in denying there was a campaign in support of kidnapping settlers– when there is . Jeffrey Goldberg did it , in exaggerating that campaign , and smearing French Muslims .
Still , the public does not know very much at all about the fate of the missing teens , even as Israel insists that they were abducted and is using the alleged abduction as a political football and a pretext to send soldiers all over the West Bank , today killing a Palestinian teen .
And there is growing pressure on Israel to provide evidence for its claims . Here is some of the back and forth over these issues :
Last night , Sec ' y General Ban Ki-Moon 's spokesperson said that the U.N. has “ no concrete evidence ” that the teens were abducted . But last week Ban seemed to accept the Israeli allegations , referring to the disappearance as a “ kidnaping . ”
Today the New York Times is more careful , mentioning the teens ' “ disappearance ” before stating that they were captured , and saying Israel has offered “ no proof ” of its claim that Hamas abducted the teens .
Three other groups have made dubious claims of credit . Hamas officials have generally cheered the capture without saying who carried it out .
But on Monday Isabel Kershner flatly stated in the Times that the teens had been kidnapped by “ militants ” and are now their “ hostages . ”
NOF AYALON , Israel — The three Israeli teenagers kidnapped byPalestinian militants while hitching a ride in the West Bank last week have provoked an outpouring of sympathy in Israel 's ordinarily fractious society , with nonstop news coverage and gatherings of thousands who have recited psalms for the safe return of the hostages , all students at yeshivas in West Bank settlements .
Scott Roth advised Kershner : “ You should use the word * allegedly * in certain instances . ”
Avi Mayer , a spokesperson for the Jewish Agency , which supports the Israeli government , tweets this report today :
Uncle of kidnapped Israel teen Naftali Frenkel : “ The families know more than what 's being made public. ” ( Arutz 7 )
But they also tweet this :
Israel general Yoav Mordechai : “ The target is not the Palestinian populace , but rather Hamas and its institutions. ” ( Army Radio )
That 's completely consistent with Allison Deger 's reporting from Bir Zeit University– the Israeli army was going after the Hamas group there . Ynet acknowledges the agenda :
The teens ' kidnapping allowed the leadership in Jerusalem do what they were thinking of doing anyway . ….It should be clear to both the citizens of Israel and the Palestinians in the West Bank that the operation against Hamas , which spread overnight to Nablus , the nearby refugee camps and the Bethlehem area , was not meant to bring the kidnapped teens ' release , but to thwart a Hamas takeover of the Palestinian Authority and the PLO .
Israel Prime Minister Netanyahu has repeatedly sought to justify that opportunism with the blunt assertion , below on June 17 , that Hamas is behind the “ brutal abduction ; ” and that therefore the Palestinian government is now composed of kidnapers . Pathetically , Tony Blair goes along with Netanyahu 's claim by expressing “ horror ” only at Palestinian violence– “ the terrorism , the kidnapings , the killings ” — and putting the onus on Hamas . What 's theirs evidence ?
But the only killings in the matter right now have been committed by Israel . On Monday Israel killed a 20-year-old in a refugee camp in occupied territory . Today Israeli soldiers killed a 13-year-old boy during a Palestinian protest of sweeping arrests .
The US also went along with the Israeli claim of Hamas responsibility . On Sunday John Kerry said signs point to Hamas as being behind an abduction . Jen Psaki of State then referred to “ the kidnapping of these three teenagers. ” The State Department has n't offered any evidence though . On Wednesday at the State Department :
Question : In the Secretary 's statement from Sunday they talked about how there are many signs that point to Hamas involvement in this . MS. PSAKI : Mm-hmm . QUESTION : Is that – are you now confident that Hamas is responsible for this , as confident as the Israelis say they are ? MS. PSAKI : No conclusion has been made on our end since the statement on Sunday , so we remain in the same place we were in the Secretary 's statement .
Ali Abunimah emphasizes the opportunism of the search , and links to a piece at EI .
Israel seizes political , military opportunity in teens ' disappearance -photos
Abunimah writes that the Israelis have an obligation to satisfy the public mind before making such accusations :
Reminder that the occupiers vandalizing Palestinian communities have still produced no evidence Palestinians “ kidnapped ” the settlers .
Abunimah also asked a very logical question : Why are n't Israeli soldiers raiding the Israeli colonies on the West Bank ? Are Jews really immune from suspicion of foul play in connection with missing teenagers ?
Allison Deger tweets last night :
Arab American University being raided right NOW in # Jenin
Scott Roth has expressed outrage over the widespread military raids of occupied communities–
Israel has no clothes–
and pointed out—
The IDF calls this thing Operation Brother 's Keeper . Let 's put that into biblical context for a second . Who said that in the bible ? & why ?
and objected to the sacralization of victimization in this photo Avi Mayer tweeted of a prayer rally at the Western Wall for the teens . Mayer wrote last Sunday : “ As night falls in Jerusalem , tens of thousands are praying for the abducted Israeli teens at the Western Wall . ”
And what about the rampaging of Israeli soldiers across the West Bank ? Again from the State Department , a reporter asks about collective punishment ?
As the search for the three teenagers goes into its sixth day , the Israelis are arresting hundreds of Palestinians , rounding up some or re-arresting in some cases many of the ones that were released . They 're having a clampdown , a lockdown . It 's really causing a very difficult humanitarian condition . Are you talking with the Israelis to sort of lighten – but I asked you this yesterday . Are you asking them to lighten up their heavy hand in their search ?
State says it has called on both sides for “ restraint . ”
To be continued . Thanks to Annie Robbins .
By Jaeho Jeon
Most Koreans are interested in two things now . Whether the people involved in the ‘ Choi Soon-sil scandal , ' including President Park Geun-hye , Choi Soon-sil , and Lee Jae-yong , vice chairperson of Samsung Electronics , will be punished and who will be the next president of South Korea .
The Constitutional Court is scheduled to make a decision on the impeachment of President Park in the middle of March . If the Constitutional Court dismisses the impeachment , President Park can continue their duties until early next year . If the Constitutional Court decides to uphold the impeachment , a presidential election will take place at the end of April or early May .
President Park has already entered the lame-duck phase of their term . Even if the Constitutional Court dismisses impeachment and President Park continues to perform their duties , people will listen more carefully to the remarks of the next presidential candidate than hers .
Currently , the leading presidential candidates are Moon Jae-in , former head of Democratic Party of Korea , and former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . In addition to these , Lee Jae-myeong , the mayor of Seongnam , Ahn Cheol-soo , the former chairperson of the People 's party , Ahn Hee-jung , the governor of Chungnam , and Yoo Seung-min , a member of the new Bareun party , have declared or are expected to run in the presidential race .
The potential presidential candidates have announced a variety of pledges , including on ‘ Chaebol reform . ' Moon Jae-in emphasized that they will reform the governance structure of the Chaebols by strengthening the separation of banking and commerce . If the separation of banking and commerce is strictly applied , it will become more difficult for financial companies to own shares in non-financial companies .
For example , Samsung Life Insurance currently owns 7.55 percent of Samsung Electronics ' shares , which is more than Lee Kun-hee 's ownership , 3.5 percent , as well as Lee Jae-yong 's 0.6 percent . If Samsung Life Insurance 's ability to hold shares in Samsung Electronics is reduced or its voting rights are restricted , Lee Jae-Yong may be unable to dominate Samsung Electronics through Samsung Life Insurance .
Ban Ki-moon also insisted that the Chaebol 's family inheritance and the structure of their circular investments should be reviewed . They recently said in an interview with KBS that “ In the United States 80 percent of the billionaires are founders , but in Korea 80 % of Chaebols are inherited . It gives many people a sense of depression and deprivation . ”
Other candidates have also insisted that Korea could continue to grow by reforming the economic structure focused on Chaebols .
Although the presidential candidates say that they will thoroughly reform the Chaebol system , there are not only detriments to the Chaebol system . One of the biggest merits of the Chaebol system is that Chaebol can make bold investment with a focus on long-term growth rather than short-term profits .
In the 1990s , Samsung did not exist in the global market . However , Samsung invested heavily in rechargeable batteries , flash memory , and LCD panels , and is now number one in a variety of fields , including smartphones , TVs , and semiconductors . The reason why Samsung could be in its current position is because it was able to invest for more than 10 years . If Samsung 's shareholders could easily dismiss Lee Kun-hee , they would not have been able to boldly invest in uncertain businesses .
Chaebol reform has been on the agenda before and was one of the main campaign issues in 2012 . It has returned as a result of the Choi Soon-sil scandal . The scandal has exposed the shameful , dirty collusion between politics and business . Seeing the Chaebol pay bribes to those in power for their private interest , many Koreans were disappointed with the Chaebol and hope the next government will institute reforms .
It is true that the Chaebol system has many negative effects that have been exposed by the recent scandal . But it is also hard to deny that the Chaebol system led the economic development of Korea . In order to reform the Chaebol , accurate analysis must be undertaken . A half-baked Chaebol reform could poison the Korean economy .
Jaeho Jeon is a reporter at ChosunBiz and a visiting fellow at the Korea Economic Institute of America . The views expressed here are the author 's alone .
Photo from Stanley Young 's photostream on flickr Creative Commons .
The eagerly awaited debut of a standalone Google Maps application for iOS was quickly embraced by users , who downloaded the software more than 10 million times in the first two days .
The achievement was announced by Jeff Huber , senior vice president of Commerce & Local at Google , announced on their Google+ account on Monday . They also encouraged users to share their feedback , especially within the application , which users can do by shaking their iPhone . `` We 're excited about the positive reception of Google Maps for iPhone around the world , '' they said . `` Congratulations to the Maps Team on the recognition for the passion and hard work they poured into it , for this release and over the last 7+ years . `` Google Maps for iOS launched last week on the App Store , and is designed for the iPhone and iPod touch . Though it runs on the iPad , a version of the application designed for the larger displays of the iPad lineup is said to be forthcoming.As of Monday , Google Maps remains the No . 1 most popular free application on the iOS App Store . It is followed by Google 's YouTube as the No . 4 most popular download.With the launch of iOS 6 in September , Apple decided to abandon both Google Maps and YouTube as native applications built-in to its mobile operating system . While YouTube was removed completely , Apple replaced Google Maps data with its own proprietary mapping service in the native Maps application in iOS 6.The changes were made as a result of a growing rivalry between Apple and Google , as the two compete in the smartphone market with Google 's Android the most popular mobile operating system.Market watchers feel that the release of Google Maps for iOS has its pros and cons for Apple . On the plus side , users now have a plethora of competitive mapping options on the platform . But the negative public perception surrounding Apple 's iOS 6 Maps has also been a detriment to the company .
Carl Weathers ' Colonel Al Dillon is also a reported character for the Mortal Kombat X Predator DLC .
Who is the greatest sci-fi monster of all time ? If you answered , Alien or Terminator , you 're wrong . The Predator is obviously the universe 's most deadly , fearsome , hunter . The dudes bred a race of horrifying , species-destroying Aliens just so they could have worthy prey to hunt . So why are n't they in more fighting games ? Good question , and it 's one that Warner Bros. is reportedly going to answer . According to a report received from Video Gamer , a Predator DLC bundle is coming to Mortal Kombat X some time in June .
The report states that alongside the legendary hunter , Colonel Al Dillon - portrayed by Carl Weathers in the original film - will also be added as a playable character . The pack will reportedly launch in June , though we do n't have any more details on pricing or even what else it may contain . No word on Arnie 's inclusion yet , though it seems a bit strange to include Dillon without Dutch .
To add some credibility to the rumor , in July last year , creative director Ed Boon tweeted the Scorpion/Predator mash-up image you can see above , with the caption `` Predator in MKX would be so sick ! ''
If true , it wo n't be the first time characters from other universes have featured in Mortal Kombat . 2011 's Mortal Kombat , for example , featured God of War 's Kratos and Nightmare On Elm Street 's Freddie Krueger as guest characters .
It would certainly be quite sick to be able to play as the Predator in Mortal Kombat . And you know what ? While we 're on the topic of sci-fi monsters , having Alien and the Terminator in there also would n't be too bad ...
Source : Video Gamer
Click to purchase the book .
[ Another FairMormon member , Rene Krywult , has contributed a second review of this book . ]
“ The goal with the Introduction to the Book of Abraham is to make reliable information about the Book of Abraham accessible to the general reader. ” With these words , John Gee begins their new book .
And it is a high goal the well-known Egyptologist , professor of Egyptology at Brigham Young University and the William ( Bill ) Gay Research Chair , author of over a hundred academic papers on Egyptology and ancient scripture , and researcher of the Book of Abraham for more than 25 years , sets for himself . How to do justice to a topic that is specialized enough that only a few experts in the world can speak about it with authority , and how to do it in a language that the interested lay man can understand ? How to do it , with a topic that has been controversially debated for the last 105 years , often with far more zeal than knowledge ? How to do it , when there is so very much to discuss and to know on one hand , and yet the “ common knowledge ” is almost nonexistent ?
So , the good thing here : This is an introduction . Gee is not only an expert on the Egyptian but also masters the English language . The book is very easy to read . Nevertheless , there is much information to impart , and Gee does so by introducing us to the topics , all with the well researched and documented footnotes one expect from a scholar of such caliber , only to follow up with an extensive “ Further Reading ” section at the end of each chapter , a bibliography with explanations . This way , they who wants to know more knows what books to buy and what articles to read .
To do this work justice , I decided to go through the chapters one by one .
As it is fitting for an overview , the book starts by detailing the history of the Book of Abraham , starting with the history of the papyri that led to the book , from their discovery in 1825 over the Nauvoo period and their being lost and found again , all with very fine visual aids , like maps , paintings and photos .
This is followed by a chapter about the history of the papyri while in Joseph 's hands , including a translation timeline and a publication history . ( Did you know that there was more translated than there was published ? Unfortunately the unpublished part is lost ) . Joseph 's role as a translator and their translation methods as a whole are discussed , starting with the Book of Mormon . Another topic is the existing manuscripts of the Book of Abraham ( yes , photos are included , as is a detailed description ) , and we even get photos of the original printing plates of the facsimiles . The chapter is concluded by an analysis of the Kirtland Egyptian Papers .
Chapters three and four give an overview of the contents of the Book of Abraham , and what ancient Egyptians knew and thought about Abraham , and how this squares with what Joseph translated , while chapter five is back to history . “ The ancient owners of the Papyri ” ( Who were they ? What was their education ? What about their religion ? Is there a connection to Abraham ? ) . Chapter six highlights the connection between the Papyri and the Book of Abraham , discussing the various theories that exist in this area , including a discussion of pros and cons , followed by the question of “ Historicity of the Book of Abraham ” – and ways to answer it .
All those chapters logically lead to how Gee primarily deals with the question : Since we do not have all the papyri Joseph had , since we do not know the exact connection between the papyri and the text , we should stay with what we surely have : The text and Abraham 's role in antiquity . If we take the Book of Abraham as an ancient text , how does it fit in with what science already knows ? What could Joseph have known ; what did we only discover in the 20th century ? Are there bulls-eyes or obvious smoking guns ?
Chapter 10 focuses on one of the bulls-eyes : The formal attributes of a covenant in the days of Abraham . These formal attributes make it possible to pinpoint Abraham and the story within the book of Abraham to a very specific period of ancient history .
By the way , did you ever ask yourself , why there is a chapter in the Book of Abraham that talks about astronomy ? Chapter 11 discusses the astronomic principles that were revealed to Abraham , and how Abraham 's audience , the Egyptians would have understood the patriarch 's teachings – as a profound critique of their religion . This almost organically leads to the chapter : creation , creation accounts and even science and creation .
The facsimiles are the main focus of the next chapter . Dr. Gee has another book finished ( and is looking for a publisher – hint to publishers : we want that book ) that deals solely with the facsimiles , where they discuss every single point of them from an Egyptological and LDS point of view . For an introduction , this would have been far too much , so they decided to only give a short overview of what the facsimiles are and what we know about them in general , without going into the meaning of the figures and text , and without comparing them to what Joseph said about them .
The book ends with a discussion of the place of the Book of Abraham in LDS theology , including the role of Joseph Smith as a reader and commentator of the book , trying to make sense of the teachings contained , and a FAQ , a scripture index and the obligatory index .
All in all , no matter what your opinion of Joseph Smith is , no matter if you believe the Book of Abraham to be based on an ancient Vorlage or the work of a creative 19th century mind , An Introduction to the Book of Abraham is a must-read for everyone who wants to discuss the issues involved intelligently . If you are new to the topic , the book will pick you up where you are and leave you with a more than basic knowledge . On the other hand , my interest in the Book of Abraham started 15 years ago . I have already read much about it , and still , this book gave me information that I did n't have before , and a reading list for the next year at least .
Packers defender Mike Neal ( 96 ) , taking snaps at linebacker , returns an interception against the Redskins last week . It was the Packers ' only pick so far this season . Credit : Mike De Sisti
Green Bay — The Green Bay Packers ' coaching staff , from Mike McCarthy on down , keeps trying to minimize the successful conversion of Mike Neal from defensive line to outside linebacker .
To me , it 's positively stunning that a 300-pound man could drop about 25 pounds in a matter of weeks and then be performing this well just four months after their first practice ever in a two-point stance .
`` Oh , without question , '' said a personnel man who scouted Neal coming out of Purdue in 2010 but was n't aware of their conversion .
`` That Mike Neal ? To think he 'd be standing up , I would n't have thought that . A D-tackle moving all the way to outside backer ? Oh , wow . To me , that 's a big , big stretch . ''
McCarthy and their coaches now view Neal as a natural linebacker in their fire-zone scheme .
McCarthy , position coach Kevin Greene and teammate Clay Matthews all expressed confidence Neal will register eight to 10 sacks if they can beat the injury bugaboo that wrecked their early years in Green Bay .
After watching every move that Neal has made in the first two games , I wholeheartedly agree . He 's a more valuable rusher and player than Nick Perry , and with good health their feel for the position should intensify and only increase their impact .
With Matthews chasing quarterbacks toward them from one side and an improved push collapsing things inside , one can envision the hard-charging Neal getting effort sacks as well as those that they create .
It 's also possible Neal will put up the kind of numbers that might price them right out of Green Bay , where the Packers have too many ( 15 ) unrestricted free agents up in March . There 's no reason for them to sign early , either , because their market value is so fluid .
Staying healthy is the key not only to Neal 's financial future but also the Packers ' pass rush .
If they do , Neal could follow in the footsteps of relative unknowns such as Baltimore outside linebacker Paul Kruger , who had seven starts and 15½ sacks in four seasons before going to Cleveland for $ 40.5 million over five years , or Oakland defensive end Desmond Bryant , who signed with the Browns on the same day in mid-March for $ 34 million over five years . Their four-years totals were 18 starts and 11½ sacks .
`` That 's what could wind up happening , '' an NFL personnel director said . `` He could be like the Bryant guy . All of a sudden they went big on the market . It just takes one buyer .
`` I like Neal as an outside backer . They really are a 220-pound man pumped up to 285 , 290 . Now that he 's lost all that weight , you see this degree of athleticism , explosion and movement . He 's pretty good . They should be starting there eventually . ''
Neal has said they weighed about 305 pounds in February , a month after the season . Changing their diet dramatically ( mostly fish ) and their workout program significantly ( more running ) , they said they were 275 at the start of training camp .
McCarthy , Greene , defensive line coach Mike Trgovac and three scouts could n't recall a 295-pound defensive lineman reducing to Neal 's weight and succeeding as an outside linebacker .
`` This is amazing , actually , '' one NFL scouting veteran said . `` I did n't think they were athletic enough . ''
My reaction when the move became public in May was that it was a last-ditch experiment trying to salvage Neal 's career and would be doomed to failure .
At the time , I had no idea Neal would lose that weight , and I also could n't see them ever dropping smoothly into flat and hook zones , changing direction with ease and rallying to the ball in space .
When the weight came off , Neal still looked lost in two off-season practices . After Neal reported in late July with an abdominal problem and sat out until Aug.12 , their chances to make the team in their old inside-rush role , let alone become skilled enough to play outside linebacker , seemed no better than 50-50 .
`` But we should know our players better than anybody , '' McCarthy said . `` I never blinked about it when I made the decision in February . ''
There was not one iota of linebacker talk when the Packers drafted Neal in the second round to play the run as a base 3-4 end and rush inside as perhaps the next Cullen Jenkins .
Greene said they brought up the possibility of linebacker `` a couple years ago '' to both coordinator Dom Capers and Trgovac .
`` When we first started talking about this I thought it was a very good idea , '' said Trgovac . `` He really understands football . I know the guy has taken a lot of heat but he 's very serious about their profession
`` I knew they would have to lose a little weight and would take that very seriously , which they did . He 's strong as all hell . I had no qualms , but I was n't sure how they would do in coverage . ''
The decision was made after McCarthy met with Capers in their postseason interview .
`` There were certain things I did n't think we needed to be using them anymore , '' said McCarthy . `` We were trying to create pass rush from within . I thought it was intriguing to create this 'elephant ' position .
`` Mike 's a technical guy so it fits their personality . They were ready for it at this point in their career . I felt it was a natural move for him . ''
Described by one scout after last season as `` a small man in a big man 's game , '' Neal had been washed out too often against the run , at least when compared with Ryan Pickett , B.J . Raji and C.J . Wilson .
Then , after the Packers brought back Johnny Jolly as a fourth wide-body and drafted Datone Jones in the first round to boost the interior rush , there was all the more reason to let Neal cram with Greene all the while maintaining a two-point role in the sub rush .
In two games , all 24 of Neal 's snaps as a defensive lineman have been exclusively as an inside sub rusher . He 's too light now to be a base end , anyway .
Their 55 snaps as a linebacker break down like this : 19 on the left outside and 12 on the right outside in base , 14 on the left outside and one on the right outside in sub , and nine standing up in specialized packages .
Neal and Matthews lead the team in `` pressures '' ( sacks , knockdowns , hurries ) with five , three more than anyone else ( Perry has one ) .
Neal ranks fourth on the defense in tackles per snap with one every 7.9 , trailing Sam Shields , Brad Jones and A.J . Hawk ( Matthews has one every 8.9 , Perry one every 11.6 ) .
And Neal , who has dropped into coverage only half a dozen times or so , has the team 's only interception .
`` Quite frankly , the transition process is pretty much over , '' said Greene . `` He 's an outside linebacker on one play and on the next play he 's an interior three- or one-technique .
`` He sets the edge hard against the run . They play over the tight end in a two-point stance and does that just about as good as you want . He 's deceptively athletic , drops into a three-receiver hook and knows our fire-zone concepts .
`` He can do anything we want them to do out there . He 's fine . ''
Said Matthews : `` Let 's be honest . Mike 's a freak . Most 300-pound guys are n't going to have an athletic frame like him . Now they move as well as me or anyone who 's an outside linebacker who 's 240 to 260 , and he 's that much bigger . ''
In 2009 , Capers ' first year , the Packers did attempt the same seismic shift with Aaron Kampman . Moving from defensive end in a 4-3 to outside linebacker in a 3-4 , the 270-pound Kampman ( he once had been 295 ) reduced to 260 .
At least Kampman had played linebacker in high school and for a year at Iowa . But before blowing out a knee in Game 10 they labored in space and lacked the so-called quick twitch that scouts seek in a front-seven player .
Neal , according to Capers and an NFC scout , does have quick twitch . Perry , according to that NFC scout , does n't to Neal 's extent .
At the 2010 combine , Neal weighed 294 pounds and ran the 40 in 4.89 seconds . They also bench-pressed 31 times , posted a 33-inch vertical jump and scored 20 on the Wonderlic intelligence test .
Their arm length ( 33½ inches ) and hand size ( 10¼ ) were good .
Neal always has played hard , but now their willingness to chase full blast stands out .
From behind , they tackled Washington 's Alfred Morris 30 yards downfield after flattening all the way around from the back side . They showed surprising acceleration cutting off San Francisco 's Colin Kaepernick .
Neal is reacting slightly faster and showing more burst than Perry , who is in the second year of their own conversion from defensive end .
Against the run , Neal has been neutralizing tight ends , punishing fullbacks and staying on their feet . He 's probably every bit as physical as Perry .
Under that No . 96 jersey , helmet and visor is a tough customer .
Neal dropped twice in the red zone last Sunday , maintained proper spacing and rallied up nicely once to tackle wide receiver Leonard Hankerson after a short reception .
When Neal high-pointed a deflected pass and intercepted it with their hands , it looked like the perfect play . Wrong , said Greene . Neal was supposed to be rushing , not dropping , on that call .
`` It happens , '' Greene said . `` We 're not robots or computers . We 're prone to error . But they understood what their mistake was and made a play . ''
An opponent is apt to expose Neal in coverage , but it has n't happened yet . He 's stayed on the field for more than a month , and that 's everything for their future and significant how the Packers ' defense fares in a pass-crazed league .
After learning of Neal 's arresting development , the area scout said , `` I was thinking you were going to tell me they were finding a way to get rid of him . Put them everywhere , and when they have n't been productive anywhere that 's our reason for cutting him . ''
Neal 's not going anywhere any time soon . As McCarthy put it , `` I think we finally got them right . ''
Send email to bmcginn @ journalsentinel.com
PREVIEW
Packers ( 1-1 ) at Bengals ( 1-1 )
When : Noon Sunday .
Television : Fox . Radio : AM-620 .
GameDay : Five things to watch , rosters , depth charts , schedules , stats and staff views . 3C
Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie , co-authors of the new book Let Trump Be Trump : The Inside Story of Their Rise to the Presidency , told SiriusXM hosts Alex Marlow and Steve Bannon they ditched Megyn Kelly 's NBC morning show to appear on Tuesday morning 's Breitbart News Daily instead .
“ You got yourselves booked on Megyn Kelly today , and then you canceled on it , ” Marlow marveled . “ It 's all over the Internet now . I think it 's a brilliant P.R . move . I do n't know how this happened . ”
“ We 'd rather be with you guys ! ” Lewandowski exclaimed . “ Plus your ratings are ten times higher than hers , do n't worry . ”
“ I 'll tell you , NBC had promised us that they would do certain things if we came on Meet the Press and the Today show yesterday , ” Bossie explained . “ To be quite honest , they did n't live up to their end when it came to Sunday Night Football . ”
“ That had nothing to do with the Megyn Kelly thing , but we do n't feel guilty about it , ” they clarified . “ We got double-booked , and we 're here instead . That 's life sometimes . ”
“ Megyn Kelly is getting the lowest ratings in more than a decade for the Today show , okay ? ” Lewandowski pointed out to considerable mirth from the rest of the interview group . “ Seven people are watching it right now , and you got 20 million listeners over here . I 'll take my chances with Let Trump Be Trump right here , baby . ”
Bannon said this media strategy was perfectly consistent with the “ very cocky ” tone of Let Trump Be Trump , and , indeed , with the tone of the campaign which Bossie and Lewandowsky chronicled .
“ This is MAGA , ” they declared , suggesting the book as an ideal Christmas gift for relatives who dislike President Trump . “ I think it 's going to flip 20 percent of the Trump-haters . ”
“ I love Steve 's idea to buy it for everybody who does n't like the president , ” Bossie said . “ I love the idea of giving it as a gift for people who do love the president because this is the inside story . It is a great story of the man 's rise to the presidency , and you 're going to love the read . ”
“ It reads so well . We 're very proud of this book . We worked with a gentleman to help us because two clowns like us really could n't put pen to paper this well . Brian , we give our colleague all the credit for how it reads , ” they said .
“ This is our story and Steve 's story and Kellyanne 's story and Corey 's story , all together , ” Bossie said .
“ And our families , ” Lewandowski added . “ Gosh , you 've got to remember , Dave 's got four kids . I 've got four kids . We all sacrificed so much , right ? We 're not here to talk about that because everyone makes sacrifices , but it was a big deal . ”
Breitbart News Daily is broadcast on SiriusXM Patriot 125 , Monday-Friday at 6-9 a.m. Eastern .
LISTEN :
Three months of air strikes in Yemen by a Saudi-led coalition and fighting on the ground have failed to dislodge Houthi rebels who forced the president to flee abroad , but have had a devastating impact on civilians . BBC Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen met some of the injured and displaced in Sanaa .
WARNING : Some readers might find some of the pictures disturbing .
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption A badly-burnt man lies on a bed at Jumhuriya hospital in Yemen 's capital . Sixty percent of Yemenis have no access to medical care
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption This baby was given a watch by their mother to distract them from their burns
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption Two-year-old Montaser Mansour with their mother , Zahour . They blame the Saudis for the attack that also destroyed their home . Montaser 's bad burns are healing but they are in agony , writhing and scratching at their wounds . The hospital does not have all the drugs it needs to treat the wounded
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption Ahmad Karar Ahmad , an Ethiopian migrant , winces during treatment for burns from an air strike . Their lungs are damaged too . They were heading for Saudi Arabia to look for work when they were hit
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption Mahmoud Khaled al-Haddah , their wife Wardah , and their one-year-old daughter , Imam . Twenty-four of their neighbours were killed in a raid that made them flee to Sanaa . Khaled said the Saudi-led coalition had destroyed all they had worked for during their lives
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption This woman fled to Sanaa because of the war . Like many others they are being sheltered at a school building . Younger women did not want to be photographed but they radiated defiance
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption Children playing next to stacks of desks at the school , where about 40 families are sheltering . The girl , about six years old , was wearing a headscarf . Probably copying their mother , they covered their face when they saw the camera
Image copyright Jeremy Bowen Image caption Part of Sanaa 's Old City , a Unesco World Heritage site , has been destroyed . The Saudi-led coalition denied the damage was caused by an air strike . Sanaa has been inhabited for 2,500 years . Unesco says it includes more than 6,000 houses built before the 11th Century
In continuation of the US-led illegal sanctions on the Islamic Republic of Iran , Congress passed on Wednesday night a bill , which imposes more embargoes on the country including those on the parent companies of foreign subsidiaries violating sanctions as well adding penalties for those that help Iran 's petroleum , petrochemical , insurance , shipping and financial sectors .
Immediately , US Congressman Ron Paul expressed their vociferous opposition to the new sanctions and vilified them as “ an act of war ” , saying that the US is marching into war with Iran .
Paul said , “ There is no evidence that Iran has ever enriched uranium above 20 percent. ” They also said the IAEA and CIA have determined that the Iran is not on the verge of building a nuclear weapon . “ What we continue to be doing is obsess with Iran and the idea that Iran is a threat to our national security . ”
The idea was somehow shared by senior Iranian cleric Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati who on Friday called on people and authorities to stand united against the “ economic war ” waged on the Islamic Republic by foreign forces .
Sharing this line of thinking , Governor of the Central Bank of Iran ( CBI ) Mahmoud Bahmani has said that CBI considers the sanctions as a declaration of war and that a special team has been set up to deal with them dynamically . They said the economic sanctions are meant to sabotage the national economy and that the CBI will thwart them rapidly and effectively .
It is transpiring gradually that a country does not need to wage a military war against another nation in an effort to paralyze it and that imposing brutal sanctions or tightening them can be well tantamount to an act of war .
The US war against Iran has already started . In fact , the US started its war long ago by imposing sanctions on the country when it was slowly recovering from the human and financial losses ( roughly USD 600 billion ) the Iraqi war had inflicted on the country , a war so shamelessly , vehemently , and financially supported by Washington .
Later , reports revealed that the US government had funneled through an Atlanta branch of Italy 's largest bank , Banca Nazionale del Lavoro , over USD 4 billion to Iraq from 1985 to 1989 . The money , which was supplied to the regime of the despotic Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein , was used to buy military technology and arms . The CIA was reportedly privy to this gargantuan sum of money which was paid in the name of loan but concealed it from Congress . Part of the report carried by the Federation of American Scientists ( FAS ) reads : “ The House Banking Committee is conducting an investigation into over $ 4 billion in unreported loans the former employees of the Atlanta branch of Banca Nazionale del Lavoro ( BNL ) provided to the government of Iraq between 1985 and 1990 . The Committee 's investigation has uncovered the fact that Henry Kissinger was on the International Advisory Board of BNL during that same time period and that BNL was a client of Kissinger Associates . ”
The sanctions against Iran practically started under the Reagan administration in 1983 when the US government accused Iran of sponsoring terrorism and opposed international loans to the country . The US imposed embargos against Iranian imports and also the sale of ‘ dual use ' items .
The US narrative continued in 1995 when Washington absurdly accused Iran of pursuing weapons of mass destruction , a fairy tale which was later exploited by the Bush administration to attack Iraq in 2003 and that which was used by Washington to lend a cloak of legitimacy to its military adventurism . At any rate , US President Bill Clinton intensified sanctions against the country , banning any American involvement with the Iranian petroleum industry . In 1997 , they placed a ban on US investment in Iran . To make matters worse , Clinton even goaded other countries into following suit . In view of the fact that the Iraq-imposed war on Iran ( 1980-1988 ) had inflicted inconceivable human and material losses on Iran and that the country had just started to convalesce from the lashes of the Iraqi invasion , it was more like a miracle that Iran had managed to weather this entire US-manufactured calamity for the Iranian nation .
Washington has long been making unflagging efforts to push Iran to the farthest margins of political and economic isolation even when Iran was not working on its nuclear energy program . The West has failed to understand that Iran is not a country solely dependent on oil resources . Rather , it has at its disposal myriad natural resources to rely on . Ergo , blocking Iran 's oil flow to other countries will not be so damaging to the country as the West imagines . On the contrary , such an act will surely prove irreversibly damaging to world economy ; the oil prices will rocket up beyond control ; the global economic security will be caught up in an unmanageable whirlpool and the rest of the world including the US and Europe will have to suffer immensely for this strategic folly .
The sanctions are nothing new and the western media 's flowery phrases like ‘ Iran feels the pain of sanctions ' , ‘ The sting of sanctions begins ' , ‘ Iran feels the pinch of US-led sanctions ' are only meant to cater to the public taste of a western audience who are now prone to see Iran through the purblind eyes of the corrupt western powers-that-be which have long entertained sinister plots for the Iranian nation .
To a critical mind , the sanctions are to be seen as a metaphorical declaration of war on Iran albeit the US and its allies will be the ones who will suffer most .
Liverpool 's Suso , Assaidi & Borini are doing well out on loan ( Graphic by Thomas McClure )
There has been much criticism of Liverpool 's failure to complete any major signings in January . It has also been questioned why the Anfield club were targeting attackers , such as Mohamed Salah - who went to Chelsea from Basel - and Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk 's Yevhen Konoplyanka - who could yet move in the summer - instead of looking at defenders .
With the likes of fellow £7million men Iago Aspas and Luis Alberto already going relatively unused as backup to the abundance of attack-minded players in Brendan Rodgers ' starting line-ups , the transfer window policy did seem unusual .
Not only that but Liverpool also have three attackers out on loan this season who are enjoying excellent campaigns and could return to Merseyside in the next campaign as significantly better players . That makes the pursuit of Salah and Konoplyanka seem additionally strange .
Here , we look at the encouraging form of those three loanees , youngsters Suso and Fabio Borini and 25-year-old Oussama Assaidi , as reasons for optimism at Liverpool . They might not be giving the mid-season boost which January signings could have brought but they could be significant assets in the next season and beyond to mean not signing Salah and Konoplyanka is not the end of the world .
SUSO
Age : 20
Position : Attacking Midfielder
On loan at : Almeria
The young Spaniard is a favourite with Liverpool fans and has been spoken of in excited terms on The Kop ever since they first joined the club 's Academy in 2010 .
Suso 's quick feet , versatility , shooting and , above all , eye for a pass made an instant impact on Rodgers following the manager 's subsequent arrival in the summer of 2012 . Suso consequently made 20 appearances in the 2012/13 season despite still being only a teenager . They impressed but the majority of those appearances did come before the January transfer window of 2013 after which Suso lost their place to Philippe Coutinho .
Rodgers therefore decided to loan Suso to Almeria for the duration of the current 2013/14 season and the player has not looked back . In 20 La Liga appearances , Suso has an excellent six assists , the same total as the world 's best two players - Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi - and Luka Modric . They have also scored two goals , one of which was a superb strike against Celta Vigo , while averaging 1.7 shots per game . They also average 1.8 dribbles per game in Spain 's top flight , which is only 0.2 less than Current Ballon d'Or Ronaldo .
At the same time , Suso has been attempting 21.9 passes and 1.1 key passes on average per game , which will be very encouraging for Rodgers . But their overall passing success rate is slightly disappointing at 72.8 per cent .
Suso is unquestionably improving with regular appearances in Spain and they told Liverpool 's official website when back at their parent club 's Melwood training ground during Spain 's 2013 winter break : `` I am playing every game and that is what I wanted . The difference between the clubs ( Liverpool and Almeria ) is very big but I went there ( Almeria ) to play and improve as a player . '' It is also proving a learning curve in terms of the required work ethic for Suso in playing for an Almeria side who are fighting against relegation at the same time as facing Spain 's heavyweights . They said : `` When you see yourself playing against Real Madrid and Barcelona , and other teams , you can see they are really good , really focused on the game , and running and working all of the time . If you do not work at least the same as them , you will not even touch the ball . When you see yourself in that situation , all you want to do is run and do everything . ''
A slight concern , perhaps as a consequence of their commitment , may be Suso 's poor disciplinary record in Spain - where they have racked up seven yellow cards . That is only four less than Elche 's Alberto Boita , who has the most bookings in La Liga this season . But there is otherwise plenty to be happy about for Liverpool and there are suggestions they could have a star player on their hands when Suso returns next season .
La Liga 2013/14 Games Goals Assists Key Passes Per Game Passing Success % Suso 20 2 6 1.1 72.8
FABIO BORINI
Age : 22
Position : Forward
On loan at : Sunderland
Having paid more than £10million to sign Fabio Borini from Roma in the summer of 2012 , Liverpool were majorly disappointed with the Italian in their debut season at Anfield . In 2012/13 , the forward scored just one Premier League goal , which was their team 's fifth in the 6-0 humiliation of Newcastle United at St James ' Park in April 2013 .
Rodgers had made Borini their first signing after taking over at Liverpool , having been impressed when they worked together at Swansea City in 2011 . But Borini 's trademark celebration was rarely seen on Merseyside , with their only Anfield goal coming in the 3-0 victory over minnows Gomel in the Europa League play-offs .
A broken bone in their foot suffered in the October of 2012 , which ruled them out for three months , and then a dislocated shoulder sustained in the February of 2013 , which ruled them out for another two months , were major factors in Borini 's lack of goals . So , they were sent on loan to Sunderland for the duration of the current 2013/14 season in order to rediscover some form and confidence .
Paolo Di Canio was head coach when Borini first signed for Sunderland but they have since been just one of the squad at the Stadium of Light who has thrived in the wake of the appointment of Gus Poyet .
The majority of Borini 's Sunderland goals have come in big games . Their first Sunderland strike was the winner in the derby against Newcastle in October 2013 before they equalised versus Chelsea and set up Ki Sung-yueng 's winner in that same match in the Capital One Cup quarter-finals . Further goals have come in the match-winning penalty against Manchester United , the goal which sparked Sunderland 's comeback in the 2-2 draw with Southampton , and the opening goal , again from the penalty spot , in last weekend 's embarrassment of Newcastle .
Borini has therefore scored five goals this season , with three of those coming in the Premier League . They have not produced enough assists in the top flight , with just one in their 19 appearances for Sunderland while their pass success rate ( 76.8 % ) , key passes per game ( 0.6 ) , passes per game ( 14.7 ) and shots per game ( 1.6 ) are also nothing sensational .
However , it is their work ethic combined with their goals in important matches which has gone some way to proving to critics they can handle pressure - an attribute they were accused of lacking at Liverpool . In a reflection of their work ethic , Borini contributes 0.8 interceptions per game . That may not sound a lot but it ranks among the top 12 attacking midfielders or forwards in the league . The manner in which Sunderland have been using Borini in higher , wider areas of the field has also contributed to their success and is contrary to suggestions they are at their best when in central areas .
When comparing Borini to the players Liverpool targeted in this January 's transfer window , they would be most similar to Salah as a versatile forward . The Egyptian is widely considered to have more potential and experience , having already played in the more competitive environment of the UEFA Champions League . But it can not be dismissed that , at only nine months older than Salah , Borini is , too , still learning their trade . Liverpool will be watching their good work at Sunderland and , if they study how they are best utilised , it will be interesting to see their comparative development with Salah .
OUSSAMA ASSAIDI
Age : 25
Position : Winger
On loan at : Stoke City
After joining Liverpool from Dutch club Heerenveen in the summer of 2012 in a £2.4m deal , it was questioned whether Rodgers rated Oussama Assaidi . The Moroccan winger made only 12 appearances in the 2012/13 season , with only four of those outings coming in the Premier League .
It was a difficult one for Anfield fans to understand given that when Assaidi did play they showed plenty of attacking threat with their pace , trickery and shooting . Their performance when coming on for the last 30 minutes in the second leg of Liverpool 's Europa League last 32 tie with Zenit St Petersburg particularly sticks in the memory as they terrified the Russian side 's defenders , who were already 3-1 down but narrowly progressed on away goals .
But Rodgers still rarely used Assaidi and then sent the 25-year-old on a season-long loan to Liverpool 's Premier League rivals , Stoke City , in the current campaign . Since moving to the Britannia Stadium , Assaidi has gone on to make 14 Premier League appearances in Mark Hughes ' team and is earning high praise . They were a big miss for Stoke in their 5-3 defeat by Liverpool when they were ineligible . Often playing on the left and being able to cut in on their right foot , Assaidi is the inverted winger which is a modern trend . Raheem Sterling is proving themselves and Liverpool also have long-term hopes for Jordon Ibe but they are both still teenagers and Assaidi would represent a more mature alternative .
Three goals and one more in the Capital One Cup , a stunning strike at Birmingham City , is a positive return from Assaidi and is also the exact same return as Sterling . Passing enthusiast Rodgers will also surely be encouraged by the fact the wide man has a pass success rate of 88.4 % in the current season , which puts them in the top 27 players in the Premier League for that discipline . An average of 1.1 key passes per game is also impressive but they have yet to produce an assist and their passes on average per game are also down at 15.4 .
Assaidi is dispossessed on average 1.9 times per game , which is among the worst 30 players in England 's top flight , but it is also not an uncommon statistic in attackers and is the exact same average as Liverpool star striker Luis Suarez . It is also balanced by the fact Assaidi makes on average two tackles per game , which is very good for a winger .
Konoplyanka would be more experienced and is highly rated having proved themselves in international football but they have their critics . It has been questioned whether they would be able to make the step up from Ukrainian football to the Premier League . Indeed , former Ukraine and Arsenal defender Oleg Luzhny recently said : `` I do not think the English league is right for him . Konoplyanka 's style of play is better suited to Italy or Spain . The game in England is totally different - it is about power . ''
MORE : Storylines to follow as the early period begins Entering tomorrow 's start to the early signing period , nearly 80 percent of the 2018 Rivals150 has made their college choices . For at least a few more days , No . 1 R.J. Barrett is included among the group who has yet to make a decision . The Rivals.com basketball team of Eric Bossi , Corey Evans , Dan McDonald and Krysten Peek looks at the status of Barrett and the top 15 undecided prospects and makes their predictions .
Contenders : Duke , Kentucky and Oregon The latest : Barrett has visited all of their finalists and will announce their decision at 6 p.m . ET on Friday . The predictions : Duke ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : Clemson , Duke , Kansas , Kentucky , North Carolina and South Carolina The latest : Williamson has taken their official visits and just needs to make a decision . At the moment , it 's looking like the highlight reel forward could elect to pass on the early signing period without making a decision . The predictions : Kentucky ( Bossi , Peek ) , Duke ( Evans ) , Clemson ( McDonald )
Contenders : Kentucky and Oregon The latest : The skilled big man has been down to the Ducks and Wildcats for about a month now and he 's seen both officially . The Ducks seem to have taken the lead in this one . The predictions : Oregon ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : Indiana , Kansas , North Carolina , UCLA and Vanderbilt The latest : The nation 's top shooting guard has taken all five official visits . Even though he 's taken their visits , it 's starting to look more and more like Langford will stick to their initial plan of signing late . The predictions : Indiana ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : North Carolina and Vanderbilt The latest : Shittu is scheduled to take an official visit to North Carolina this weekend . Even though completion of that visit would mean he 's visited both finalists , a decision within the early signing period looks unlikely at this time . The predictions : Vanderbilt ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald ) , North Carolina ( Peek )
Contenders : California , Gonzaga , Louisiana-Lafayette , Nevada , Oregon , St. John 's and UCLA The latest : Brown will wait until the spring period to make a decision . So far he 's taken official visits to UCLA and St. John 's . The predictions : California ( Bossi , McDonald ) , UCLA ( Evans , Peek )
Contenders : Kansas , Kentucky , Marquette and Texas The latest : Grimes is another who has completed all of their official visits . Behind the scenes , Kansas has been considered the favorite but the other finalists all have compelling cases . The predictions : Kansas ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : California , Florida State , Kentucky , Maryland and UCLA The latest : Exactly when Brown will make a decision is still a little up in the air but they seem to be leaning towards waiting until after the period . Maryland has been the leader for a little while now but he 's been to UCLA and Florida State while Kentucky recently jumped in and is trying to get them on campus . The predictions : Maryland ( Bossi , McDonald , Peek ) , Kentucky ( Evans )
Contenders : Indiana , Kentucky , UCLA and Vanderbilt The latest : It would be a surprise for Garland to not make a decision during the early signing period . He 's taken all of their visits and simply needs to pull the trigger on a choice . The predictions : Vanderbilt ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : Florida , Florida State , SMU , Tennessee , UCLA and others . The latest : Simons was initially committed to Louisville but the fallout from Rick Pitino 's firing amidst the federal investigation into college corruption has caused them to look elsewhere . He 'll be taking their time with a decision and their recruitment is wide open . The predictions : Florida State ( Bossi ) , UCLA ( Evans ) , Florida ( McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : Florida State , Kentucky , Maryland , NC State and Texas The latest : A decision should be coming from the five-star wing any day now . Texas is hoping to hang onto a guy that they were a favorite for during the summer . However , distance from home is said to be a major consideration for the Virginia native . The predictions : Kentucky ( Bossi , McDonald ) , Maryland ( Evans ) , Texas ( Peek )
Contenders : TBD The latest : Williams was pled not guilty in October to sexual battery and false imprisonment charges . Until their legal process plays out there wo n't be any movement on their recruitment . The predictions : N/A
Contenders : Seton Hall , Villanova and others . The latest : The five-star point guard committed to Arizona in August before opening things up in October due to the federal investigation into corruption in college basketball . Quinerly , whose family has hired an attorney , could be facing NCAA eligibility issues as they alleged to have taken payments . If he 's in the clear , look for their recruitment to expand . The predictions : Villanova ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald , Peek )
Contenders : Baylor , North Carolina , NC State , South Carolina , Texas A & M The latest : Originally committed to Auburn , Montgomery is another who saw their recruitment negatively impacted by the federal corruption investigation . Since opening things up earlier this fall , Montgomery 's recruitment has been pretty quiet . Given their size and skill level , that should change . For the time being , any prediction on their recruitment falls into the wild guess category . The predictions : North Carolina ( Bossi , Evans , McDonald ) , Florida State ( Peek )
HYDERABAD : The dalliance between the ruling Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) and the Bharatiya Janata Party BJP ) has practically ended with the election of the President and the vice-president.If the GST issue has provoked chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao to declare they will fight it out in the court , KCR 's outburst only brings to the fore the party 's disenchantment with the NDA 's major partner at the Centre.Though the Centre brought down the GST on ongoing projects in the state from 18 % ( Rs 13,060 crore ) to 12 % ( Rs 8,760 crore ) , the TRS does not seem happy with it since it is still losing out significantly.The state had demanded that GST on their pet projects be brought down to 5 % , which amounted to Rs 3,650 crore . On Sunday , TRS MP Boora Narsaiah Goud took the cue from CM KCR and lambasted the Centre for ignoring the state 's plea on reducing GST so that projects will not be affected. “ The state 's Mission Bhagiratha ( Rs 35,000 crore ; GST at 12 % is Rs 4,200 crore , and at 5 % is Rs 1,200 crore ) , Mission Kakatiya ( Rs 22,000 crore ; GST at 12 % is Rs 2,640 crore , and at 5 % , Rs 1,100 crore ) and double bed-room ( Rs 16,000 crore ; GST at 12 % is Rs 1,920 crore and at 5 % is Rs 800 crore ) projects are for the benefit of the people . They are not Ambani and Adani companies , ” they said. “ We have supported the Centre on all issues in the last three years . If necessary , we will coordinate with all states to see that our demand is met . We know how to bring pressure to get what is rightful to us ( sic ) , ” Goud said.The change in tone and tenor towards the BJP is clearly a sign that the TRS will henceforth not be as pliable and , instead , be belligerent in its attitude . While the change in tone may appear at the outset to fight the GST , the battle between the Modi and TRS governments is about much more than meets the eye . For starters , the two parties were never in alliance but KCR appeared to be on the right side of Modi . Relations soured a little a couple of months ago when KCR and TRS leaders took on BJP national president Amit Shah over purported statements by the latter.With presidential elections then round the corner , both sides appeared to have backed off . But some developments between the two parties remained behind the scenes and status quo prevailed in their ‘ friendly ' relationship . No sooner than elections for the two constitutional posts were over , the daggers are out again . The state BJP reacted quickly and sharply to KCR 's and TRS 's statements , provoking the TRS openly over the last 24 hours . BJP state president K Laxman bragged about 600 youth from KCR 's “ ilaka ( stronghold ) ” — Gajwel assembly constituency — joining the BJP.In the past , the TRS used to dismiss the BJP as being of no significance in Telangana even after Amit Shah 's visit . But now they may not want to take any chances . While making it appear that the attitude of the BJP at the Centre has got on the nerves of the TRS , there is something more serious than just that for the local party . The next few days will , perhaps , reveal the reason for their differences . It may not be just some irritants , as being claimed by the TRS . Electoral arithmetics have come into calculation and the TRS has to be belligerent against Modi 's growing stature to retain the shine it had gained after it succeeded in its statehood movement . There are many failures of the government in the state , including employment of youth of the state , where it seems to be on the defensive . KCR does not appear to enjoy the support in the universities that they did during the agitation .
This may have been the most absurd week in U.S. politics in recent history .
Here is a list of gaffes , mistakes , or scandals that came out of the Trump campaign , just in the last seven days , just off the top of my head :
Let 's begin with the Commander and Chief Forum . Trump lavished praise on the Russian dictator Vladimir Putin . They then made the unprecedented error of discussing their classified intelligence briefings and claiming their briefers were unhappy with the current President . After that , Trump lied , yet again , that back in 2003 they opposed the Iraq War .
It was then revealed by the Washington Post that Trump had taken credit for charitable giving by others . It reported they lied to the IRS , claiming donations they never made . What 's more , they illegally used $ 20,000 earmarked for their charity to buy a six-foot portrait of himself .
Trump then gave a TV interview to the Kremlin 's propaganda network RT , and afterwards claimed they only did it because they were “ tricked ” by Larry King . In another appearance they gave an incoherent monologue about something they called “ nuclear warming , ” which included false accusations against Clinton and sentences like , “ Uranium is big , big stuff because it means the ultimate . ”
Next , as the terror attacks of 9/11 were remembered , a radio clip emerged of Trump ( on the very day of the attacks ! ) boasting that their building was now the highest in New York . Then it was reported Trump has publicly lied about helping to recover bodies at Ground Zero . They also claimed they personally had “ hundreds ” of friends who died in the attack , not one of whom their campaign was able to name .
While all of this was going on , they made an unprecedented personal attack on the chair of the Federal Reserve , Janet Yellen . They renewed their attacks on Elizabeth Warren , once again calling them “ Pocahontas. ” They promised they would start a war with Iran if its sailors made inappropriate gestures . After their VP released their own tax returns , Trump once again refused to do the same . Their son tweeted a neo-Nazi meme . And one of their chief surrogates disavowed the Geneva Conventions .
By comparison , how was Hillary Clinton 's week ? They failed to smile at Matt Lauer . They echoed numerous polls by asserting half of Trump 's supporters are racist . And they almost fainted while suffering from pneumonia . Which is all to say , the media consensus as delivered by the pundits and the headlines is that Clinton had a really bad week . This is absolutely , unequivocally , insane .
Every day , Trump says something or is revealed to have done something that would have disqualified every other candidate for president over the last 40 years . Howard Dean 's political career ended after they yelled too loudly at a campaign rally . All Michael Dukakis had to do was pose for a picture in a tank and their campaign was over .
By contrast , Trump is exposed as a liar , a fraud or a bigot on an hourly basis . They are shown repeatedly to be ignorant of the most basic elements of the U.S. Constitution or international affairs . You could describe their entire campaign as a train wreck , if a train was able to crash day after day non-stop . But still , the pundits roll their eyes— “ That 's just Trump being Trump ” —and turn to Clinton 's cough .
There are a few possible reasons for this . It could be the dog-bites-man problem : The media only focuses on what is new or unusual . Trump 's lies are neither . There could be a desire to ensure some obvious “ balance ” in the media coverage . If news outlets reported on every single Trump gaffe , there 'd be almost no room left to cover Clinton . Others have speculated that it 's just sexism ; Clinton is getting much more scrutiny because she 's a woman . It is hard to imagine a male candidate being criticized for not smiling enough . Clinton 's unique relationship with the media is to blame , too . They and their husband are notorious for cutting corners with the truth and hiding their activities . This has ensured they do n't get a pass on anything .
But it does n't really matter why it is happening . What matters is that it is happening at all . Everyone needs to step back from the daily coverage and cast their eyes over the massive smoking wreckage of this election . As soon as you do , it becomes painfully obvious that Trump is the most unsuitable candidate for president in living memory . My God , they are n't even qualified to be president of the Hair Club for Men .
The absurdity of the last seven days has made it impossible to deny there are n't two tiers of scrutiny in this election . Maybe , as a result , we 'll see a turn toward sanity . Maybe , the media will begin to judge Trump as a candidate for the office they covet , and not as the reality-TV star they are .
Florida police are investigating the death of a nine-month-old baby who was left in the car for nearly five hours on a hot day .
Police say Steven Lillie opened their truck to find their nine-month-old daughter unresponsive in their car seat after they forgot the child was out in the sun for nearly five hours . According to witnesses , Lillie was supposed to drop the girl off at daycare “ but apparently forgot . ”
Their Dodge pickup truck was left in a parking lot of a strip mall with no shade . Authorities say the temperatures in the area were around the high 80s but would have reached 100 degrees inside the vehicle .
“ The temperature would have been brutal , ” said Rockledge police Lieutenant Donna Seyferth . “ The child was unresponsive when the officers arrived . They took as many life-saving measures as they could . Ambulance and rescue did the same , but the child did not survive . ”
WKMG reports “ some disruption in Lillie 's usual routine caused them to forget they had not dropped the baby off with their caregiver . ”
Some four hours later , a relative asked them about their baby and they ran outside to find their child dead in the car . A co-worker called 911 when they heard Lillie screaming as they collapsed at the sight of their child .
“ She 's been in the car for hours and I , I absolutely forgot about them – she 's not alive , ” the distraught father told the 911 dispatcher .
The girl was taken to Wuesthoff Hospital where they were pronounced dead .
No criminal charges have been filed but the police continue to investigate .
“ It 's a fine line allowing them to grieve and conducting a criminal investigation at the same time , ” said Seyferth .
“ I got goosebumps . I 'm ready to cry for these parents . It 's hard , ” said Darlene Decker , a local resident who came out to support the family .
“ It 's beyond tragic , ” said Seyferth .
Apartment construction and demand have started to slow in Brisbane , property consultants Urbis say .
Several developers have paused developments and apartment sales have fallen again in the June quarter for the third consecutive quarter , the lowest volume since early 2014 .
Importantly , apartment sale prices had also been steadily decreasing since the end of last year , particularly with two-bedroom units .
The weighted average sales price for the June quarter was $ 578,580 . This was a decrease of $ 17,084 since the March quarter with the weighted average sales price decreasing consistently since the December 2015 quarter , Urbis said .
New development launches have also declined .
“ We are seeing the market continue to self-regulate , returning to a more sustainable level of activity and giving the market time to absorb the current stock available , ” Urbis Associate Director Paul Riga said .
“ Essentially the sales are still there but they are much harder to achieve for developers .
“ Many of the monitored projects have moved into the construction phase , winding down the level of sales and marketing . ”
There are 25 projects due to launch for the rest of the year , bringing to the market a potential 2850 new apartments in Brisbane , half the level of supply at the same time last year .
In Sydney , demand for apartments have also started to slow to more “ normalised ” levels . Two years ago , many inner-city projects such as Greenland 's North Sydney project Lucent and Country Garden 's Ryde Gardens sold out on the first day of launch .
But over the weekend , Chinese developer Starryland sold 70 apartments out of the 145 offered in the third and final stage of its Promenade Parramatta apartment project . Its first two releases in 2014 and 2015 have sold out .
Iris Capitol 's boutique Hurlstone Park development , “ Wattle Hill ” managed 16 sales out of 42 apartments .
“ Sydney remains solid in its level of transactions , based on preliminary data , ” Mr Riga said .
“ The level of rental demand is still at a very high peak . Even with the supply of new apartments , there seems to be a demand pulling new projects .
“ Even though Sydney has cooled , the rental market is still pushing for more product … but it is area specific . ”
Melbourne , like Brisbane , is coming “ off peak ” and has experienced a slower quarter . But it is still stronger than Brisbane .
This article was originally published by the Australian Financial Review
The impeachment bill in the WA State House , HJM 4027 , has been referred to the House Government and Tribal Affairs Committee . Please contact members of the committee to urge them to schedule a hearing as soon as possible . It is a very short session , so we must overwhelm our Legislators in the House immediately .
Simple , short emails , expressing your support of the HJM 4027 , Rep. Chase 's impeachment bill is most effective . Remember to urge them to help schedule a hearing , and to encourage their colleagues to support the bill .
Committee Members of the House State Government and Tribal Affairs Committee to contact are :
Sam Hunt – Chair ( D ) [ email protected ]
Sherry Appleton – Vice Chair ( D ) [ email protected ]
Bruce Chandler – Ranking Minority Member ( R ) [ email protected ]
Mike Armstrong – Asst Ranking Minority Member ( R ) [ email protected ]
Joel Kretz ( R ) [ email protected ]
Marko Liias ( D ) [ email protected ]
Mark Miloscia ( D ) [ email protected ]
Timm Ormsby ( D ) [ email protected ]
Committee staff : Cindy Cobb , Legislative Assistant 786-7126
John L O'Brien Building
2nd Floor , Room JLOB 207-A
P.O . Box 40600
Olympia , Washington 98504-0600
Telephone : ( 360 ) 786-7126
Fax : ( 360 ) 786-7018
Toll-Free Legislative Hotline : 1-800-562-6000
Please thank Key Legislators for Sponsoring Impeachment bill HJM 4027 :
HOUSE :
Co-Signers of HJM 4027 : Impeachment Memorial Yea !
Representative Chase [ email protected ]
Representative Hasegawa [ email protected ]
Representative Dickerson [ email protected ]
Representative Moeller [ email protected ]
The House Democratic Leadership also needs to hear our views so that they support a hearing and then support it coming to a vote in the House :
Speaker of the House , Frank Chopp : [ email protected ]
Caucus Chair : Bill Grant [ email protected ]
Majority Leader : Lynn Kessler [ email protected ]
Speaker Pro Tempore : Jeff Morris [ email protected ]
Whip , Sharon Tomiko Santos [ email protected ]
Thank you for your timely activism !
Linda Boyd
Washington For Impeachment
Citizen 's to Impeach Bush and Cheney
As long as the director is out of the picture , A.R . Rahman refuses to allow the use of their Oscar-winning song in a musical stage adaptation of the 2008 film .
If an executive producer for 2008 's Slumdog Millionaire pushes forward with a musical adaptation sans Academy-Award-winning director Danny Boyle , then the film 's composer will tighten their grip on `` Jai Ho , '' the song that also scored two Oscars , in protest .
`` As a team , we all took the position that we all work together , '' Rahman told THR in a phone interview , adding that Boyle `` absolutely '' deserves to helm a Slumdog stage show .
At issue : producer Paul Smith 's alleged reluctance to guarantee the role of director to Boyle . Smith , who owns screen rights to the India-based adventure , recently recruited Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes for the project after talks fizzled with Boyle over creative differences , the New York Post reported last month . ( On Tuesday , the paper cited a source as saying that Matthew Warchus , director of Ghost The Musical , declined the directing gig out of respect for Boyle . )
As for Rahman , they said they own the rights to `` Jai Ho , '' featured in the 2008 global hit film 's finale dance scene , and , since `` music is an integral part of things , '' confirmed that they would not allow Smith to use the music for a musical .
PHOTOS : Summer 's 28 Most Anticipated Movies
Rahman , who composed the score for Disney 's new dramedy People Like Us co-starring Chris Pine and Elizabeth Banks , said they think it 's `` so important '' to have Boyle and the rest of the creative team involved in the production in order to `` keep that ( vision ) alive . ''
A representative for Smith at their London-based company , Celador Entertaiment , did not respond to THR 's request for comment .
They are one of the most successful producers in the U.K. , and the creator of such series as Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? Besides Slumdog , their other film credits include The Descent and Dirty Pretty Things .
Collaborators on Slumdog , which raked in $ 338 million at the worldwide box office , includes producer Christian Colson , screenwriter Simon Beaufoy and Rahman , who won two Oscars for `` Jai Ho . ''
Boyle , meanwhile , has a hit on their hands as helmer of the U.K. stage production of Frankenstein , which hit U.S. theaters this month . The iconic monster has also inspired Boyle 's vision for the London Olympics opening ceremony , which he 's overseeing .
Twitter : @ ErinLCarlson
Email : erin.carlson @ thr.com
High Flying Birds frontman Noel Gallagher is not one for biting their tongue and one heckler got a lashing from them during a gig in Cork last night .
High Flying Birds frontman Noel Gallagher is not one for biting their tongue and one heckler got a lashing from them during a gig in Cork last night .
The Cork punter asked the former Oasis star to perform hit song The Importance of Being Idle , but to their disappointment , Gallagher said they do n't play that song anymore .
Not taking the news too well , the heckler screamed up `` Where 's Liam ? '' referring to Noel 's brother , who are both known for their very public arguments .
Gallagher did n't take the jibe too well at all , with an expletive-ridden reply .
`` For the benefit of everybody here , there 's some comedian here who 's just said 'where 's Liam ? ' , '' the singer said to a chorus of boos .
`` Liam 's at the mixing desk everybody , he 's come to see us tonight . Fortunately , he 's still not as big a c * * * * as you are . ''
Watch the video filmed by Efrat Weisman above .
Online Editors
I took a lot of heat , especially over at Jezebel , for declaring my fandom for Lady Gaga because they are both amazingly talented and breaks gender stereotypes . This week , Gaga appeared on the Howard Stern show . To my detractors , I simply present this clip . Honestly , it gives me chills . Maybe I am the only one , with a big problem from the neck up , but I really do n't care .
It reminds me of a Moth story I recently heard , in which rapper Darryl “ DMC ” McDaniels confessed their Sarah McLachlan obsession . They were suicidal and did n't know why despite all their fame and glory . On tour they happened to hear McLachlan 's song “ Angel ” and that became their reason for living . They brought it with them everywhere . One day , they bumped into them at a party and told them how their song saved their lives and that they were their God . And they simply told him , “ That 's what music is supposed to do. ” They went on to write a book and , in the process , found out they were adopted . That was the piece missing . They called McLachlan and asked them to write a song with them about their being-adopted story . They recorded the song together . DMC had filled the void , and on the way out of the studio McLachlan told them something interesting . They were adopted too . DMC did n't know that .
Enough .
Gaga is my God . Them music does what music is supposed to do . At least for me . Watch the video .
Then just try to talk smack .
Akbar asks if I 'd like to drive . It 's like asking me if I like air , or those tiny delicious sweets that come in different colors . They say they let people older than them drive . I assume it 's because older people can usually pay for the damages via ATM cards right away .
For a change , it 's good to be older .
I hop into the driver 's seat of the car that 's older than me , but only barely older . I sit IN it , like really , really in it . It feels low and I 'm looking up at everything , and I love it already . And then I try to get the gear into drive and it wo n't budge , which is embarrassing for me . Akbar says I need to pull hard , but I 'm afraid I 'm going to break it . But hey , old cars , they have these little issues that makes them more charming . Unless they do n't work . This car works , though . I start , grab a hold of the meaty non-powered steering and gently roll off . Top down . Oh , bliss .
This 1977 Fiat was in Akbar 's family for a very long time . It was last lying in their factory for over eight years until one glorious day in 2011 . A car like this needs to be on the road . How special is it ? The X1/9 is a Bertone designed Italian sportscar with a mid-engine layout . The wedge shape was inspired by contemporary power-boats and the designers and engineers went to great lengths to ensure good handling . Weight distribution was originally 41/59 front/rear . Except it feels like it 's almost 50/50 . The car was built from '72 to '89 with engines either being 1300cc or 1500cc , with sub 100bhp levels of oomph . Well , not exactly oomph .
This Yellow Boat is a little different . While the original engine ran , it was anemic . So this being Bangladesh , it was looking for a meaty Toyota heart transplant . Akbar went for a 1300cc 4EFTE engine . Yep , turbocharged and intercooled with the possibilities of up to 130bhp . In such a small and light car , that should be interesting .
So I ease the accelerator in and when I feel the boost is right , I floor it . The car surges forward with urgency . The black vinyl seats squeak , one of the windows rattle , the steering is tight and the ride is stiff thanks to the monocoque chassis . It was probably a little overengineered back then but that 's a good thing . High tech stuff for 1977 . The car turns tight despite needing more suspension work according to Akbar . Even though I sit low , the ground clearance is still high enough that I do n't have to inch across speed bumps .
You forgive it for being old and a little rattly , because the fun factor is high , very high . The car turns and stops with pretty good feel through the brakes . Disc brakes all around are reassuring ; no power-assist there so I know how they are reacting . You have to work this car to get the full bucket of fun . Turbo takes a little time to spool up but when it do you feel like Captain Kirk about to go into warp drive . Could be because the windows are down .
I could n't help smiling . This is what driving is all about , it has to make you smile like a maniac . And then we push it a little more and I think I have a permanent grin pasted on my face . New cars are sterile compared to this . In fact , I do n't even know if we are going fast because the speedo is broken . But heck , this car gives you a sense of speed even when you 're going slow . Modern cars have it the other way round . You go fast but feel slow and end up with a false sense of security . The Fiat feels scary , fun , quick . Cars should feel faster than they are , it will help curb speed related car-hugging-tree incidents .
So why this car ? “ It is unique , ” says Akbar , “ It was relatively easier to restore than the others that I had available to me , and it is a very eye-catching car . Also because I just imagined it would be a really fun car to drive and it turns out I was right . ”
He 's right about it being eye catching . Girls love it . I 've been showing pictures to my wife and female friends and they think it 's cool even though couple of the friends differentiate cars just by colour . Initially , it rusted away for so long because the original owner ran out of parking space . It did not run , exterior was beaten up , paint was in bad shape , interior needed a lot of TLC . We do n't have the best of tools or technical expertise in Bangladesh , but we do know how to wield a hammer . According to Akbar , car restoration is a trip down a long and troublesome road but it 's always worth it in the end . There 's still more to be done , old cars need work . The 4EFTE has the occasional overheating issue due to the original Fiat radiator being hard to replace , but everything is minor – the big stuff is done .
Old cars , when restored right , command respect . They 're not flashy , they 're a style statement . A new Mercedes and Audi pulled up while we were talking , except I could n't look away from the Yellow Boat .
SPECS
Engine : 1300 cc 4E-FTE turbocharged , intercooled engine from a Toyota Starlet GT .
Brakes : Disc brakes all around .
Wheels : Replica 15 inch Enkei RC-G4 rims .
Hit the gallery below for the full restoration process
Watson , the name for IBM 's supercomputer best known for crushing ' '' Jeopardy ! '' contestants at their own game , briefly went from `` smart '' to `` smart ass '' with the help of the Urban Dictionary .
According to Eric Brown , an IBM research assistant and the `` brains '' behind Watson , they and their 35-person team wanted to get IBM 's supercomputer to sound more like a real human . In Brown 's mind , what better way to learn the intricacies of informal human communication and conversation than having Watson memorize the Urban Dictionary ?
The Urban Dictionary , for those who do n't know , is comprised of submissions from everyday people and regulated by volunteer editors , who are given an extremely small set of rules to maintain quality control .
But for the most part , even with the help of human editors , the Urban Dictionary still turns out to be a rather profane place on the Web . The Urban Dictionary even defines itself as `` a place formerly used to find out about slang , and now a place that teens with no life use as a burn book to whine about celebrities , their friends , etc. , let out their sexual frustrations , show off their racist/sexist/homophobic/anti- ( insert religion here ) opinions , troll , and babble about things they know nothing about . ''
However , the Urban Dictionary has a few useful definitions , including Internet abbreviations like OMG , and slang that humans use every day , such as calling someone a `` hot mess . '' Brown believed Watson could be more human if it could learn these kinds of language complexities , so in 2011 , shortly after Watson 's reign as `` Jeopardy ! `` champ , Brown taught Watson the Urban Dictionary .
What could 've been another landmark for Watson -- being able to participate and enjoy in a full conversation using natural , informal human language -- turned out to be a step in the wrong direction .
Watson may have learned the Urban Dictionary , but it never learned the all-important axiom , `` There 's a time and a place for everything . '' Watson simply could n't distinguish polite discourse from profanity .
Watson unfortunately learned all of the Urban Dictionary 's bad habits , including throwing in overly -crass language at random points in its responses ; in answering one question , Watson even reportedly used the word `` bullshit '' within an answer to one researcher 's question . Brown told Forbes that Watson picked up similarly bad habits from reading Wikipedia .
In the end , Brown and their team were forced to remove the Urban Dictionary from Watson 's vocabulary , and additionally developed a smart filter to keep Watson from swearing in the future .
For now , Watson will keep doing what it 's great at : Helping hospitals diagnose sick patients based on their records and symptoms , and beating the snot out of game show participants . If Watson 's brief stint with the Urban Dictionary teaches us anything , it 's that artificial intelligence will take a long time to finally learn the complicated , ever-changing ins and outs of human communication .
Former Detroit Pistons beat writer Vincent Goodwill tweeted out information we 've all been trying to guess over the last couple days -- the return of Brandon Jennings :
Pistons guard Brandon Jennings plans to make their season debut after Achilles surgery Dec 29 vs the Knicks at Madison Square Garden — Vincent Goodwill ( @ vgoodwill ) December 16 , 2015
Goodwill also said that Jennings will play for the Drive on Saturday , Dec. 19 . No word on anything beyond that , whether they will stay with the Drive until they make their debut or travel with the big club to Miami and then Atlanta next week before returning home for a game with the Celtics a day after Christmas . We 'll obviously keep you posted as we learn more and will have full coverage of their game ( s ) with the Drive .
Now your swag thoughts .
UPDATE : Keith Langlois has a solid post on Jennings ' impending return and in it they say that Jennings could be back in uniform as early as Tuesday , Dec. 22 in Miami . To me , it seems like Jennings is itching to get back to playing basketball games and SVG might not think he 's ready and wants to be extra cautious or at least temper expectations . You should go read it .
WASHINGTON—At approximately 2 a.m. Thursday morning , White House sources confirmed that Vice President Joe Biden was forcibly pushed out the rear door of a moving 1980 Lincoln Town Car onto the curb outside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . “ Whoa , those hombres were not fucking around , ” said Biden , assuring a small group of onlookers that they were fine as they climbed to their feet and dusted themselves off . “ Being in the hole 50-large ai n't no joke , but no need to worry about me . Not the first time I 've had my ass in a sling . And if there 's anything Diamond Joe knows , it 's how to rake in some quick green. ” At press time , witnesses confirmed seeing Biden walking out of the Oval Office with Rembrandt Peale 's 1823 portrait of George Washington tucked into their jacket .
Advertisement
By Scott Conroy - February 22 , 2013
AUSTIN , Texas -- From its modest headquarters on the first floor of a local union building about five miles from the State Capitol , the Democratic Party of Texas is trying to turn demographics into destiny .
With white , non-Hispanic voters now making up less than 45 percent of the Lone Star State 's population , there is ample reason to believe that the Texas district maps lining the walls of Tanene Allison 's office should already have a much bluer hue . But amid the photos and artistic renderings of President Obama that are exhibited prominently around the office suite , not a single likeness of a statewide Democratic official is on display . That 's because there are n't any statewide elected Democrats , nor have there been since 1994 .
As MSNBC 's daytime programming buzzes quietly from an old standard-definition TV set , Allison -- who became the state Democrats ' communications director last year -- is frank about their own organization 's dismal record in recent years .
“ The party has not been leading -- clearly , ” Allison said . “ You ca n't really turn the state blue unless the party 's strong . ”
Despite being one of only four “ majority minority ” states ( California , Hawaii , and New Mexico are the others ) , Texas has seen a Democratic gubernatorial candidate only once crack 40 percent of the vote since George W. Bush defeated incumbent Ann Richards in 1994 . The candidate who pulled off that feat in 2010 ( former Houston Mayor Bill White ) was nonetheless trounced by their opponent that year , Rick Perry , by a 13-point margin .
On the presidential level , the results have been even more discouraging for Democrats . Texas has n't voted for a White House candidate with a “ D ” next to their name since it gave the nod to Jimmy Carter in 1976 . It 's been all Republicans since 1980 , when Texans turned against Carter in a big way , giving 55 percent of the vote to Ronald Reagan and only 41 percent to the incumbent .
While this is far from the only Southern state where party realignment has made Democrats an endangered species , the extent of the party 's struggles here stand out when juxtaposed with the dramatic demographic shifts that should , by most measures , make it at least more competitive .
Last June , the Democratic Party of Texas took what it hoped will be the first step toward regaining a foothold in the state when it elected Gilberto Hinojosa -- an energetic and well-respected former county judge -- as the group 's first Hispanic chairperson .
Under their leadership , the party has begun what it calls “ rebranding in the fullest sense of the word ” and is attempting to take the first steps toward regaining relevance by hiring additional staff and lining up fundraisers to pay for an expansion of its reach .
Texas Democrats are hoping to recruit a strong candidate to pit against Perry in next year 's gubernatorial race -- perhaps San Antonio Mayor ( and 2012 DNC keynote speaker ) Julian Castro or Wendy Davis , who is seen as a rising star in the state Senate .
But they also already have their eyes set on a more improbable target : the 2016 presidential race . And they are strangely sanguine about their chances of at least making it interesting .
“ I think that in 2016 it will absolutely be considered a swing state in the sense that presidential candidates will have to campaign here , which they have n't been doing for a long time , ” Allison said . “ If Hillary Clinton does run , they do really well in Texas . ”
Such an optimistic vision of the former secretary of state 's chances was fueled in part by a survey conducted last month by the Democratic-affiliated Public Policy Polling , which showed Clinton besting three hypothetical Republican opponents in Texas -- including Perry ( by a margin of eight points ) .
While the knee-jerk reaction among many Republicans would be to dismiss the idea that the state could be competitive in 2016 -- just four years after Mitt Romney carried it by 16 points over President Obama -- Texas GOP Chairman Steve Munisteri is in no mood to sneer .
In an interview with RCP , Munisteri said that they have long taken seriously the possibility that Texas could become a battleground as early as 2016 , particularly if Clinton becomes the Democratic standard-bearer .
“ If she 's the nominee , I would say that this is a ‘ lean Republican ' state but not a ‘ solid Republican ' state , ” they said . “ I do n't know anyone nationally who 's scoffing at this . The national party leadership is aware and tells me they 're taking it seriously . ”
Munisteri said that they have had recent discussions with Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus about the need to prepare for a significant change in the political dynamic here , noting that the need will likely become even more pressing in the next decade . That 's when Texas is expected to see its minority population rise more sharply -- as it adds as many as four additional electoral votes to make it an even shinier target for Democrats than it already is .
But Texas Republicans , they said , are up to the challenge .
New gossip claims Sony Picture 's parent company may finally force studio to share Spider-Man rights with Marvel
Sony Pictures ' two biggest headaches ( the hacking of its films and private documents and the ongoing disaster of its crumbling Spider-Man franchise ) collided yesterday evening as still more hacked emails revealed that the financially-troubled studio failed to close a deal to share the franchise with Marvel Studios - a move which many industry analysts have long believed is the only hope of salvaging the series .
The deal , which could have seen Spider-Man appear as part of the blockbuster sequel Captain America : Civil War and given the Marvel brain-trust creative influence over the infamously-scattershot Amazing Spider-Man reboot series ( even its star does n't like them , ) which will now instead by hashed-out at a high-level `` Spider-Man Summit '' among filmmakers and studio executives in January .
According to the Hollywood rumor-mongers at Latino Review ( who also claim that the head-scratching Aunt May prequel was n't a fake , after all ) , claims that that Summit may end up being an occasion for Sony 's Japanese parent company to put it 's foot down : According to LR 's scooper , Sony Japan is both furious about the hack ( and does n't like how the Spider-Man movies have turned out ) , and may force the studio to both take Marvel 's crossover deal and give up ( to Marvel ) their creative control over the main Spider-Man movies - which was supposedly the sticking-point that broke down the initial talks .
If correct , these maneuvers could well see Spider-Man finally coming home to the Marvel Cinematic Universe - though it 's now unclear whether or not time remains for the character to take part in upcoming crossovers like Civil War .
Source : Latino Review
The sedia gestatoria is an elaborate variation on the sedan chair . Two large fans ( flabella ) made of white ostrich feathers —a relic of the ancient liturgical use of the flabellum , mentioned in the Constitutiones Apostolicae [ 2 ] — were carried at either side of the sedia gestatoria .
The gestatorial chair ( sedia gestatoria [ ˈsɛːdja dʒestaˈtɔːrja ] in Italian , lit . `` chair for carrying '' ) was a ceremonial throne on which Popes were carried on shoulders until 1978 , and later replaced outdoors in part with the Popemobile . It consists of a richly adorned , silk-covered armchair , fastened on a suppedaneum , on each side of which are two gilded rings ; through these rings pass the long rods with which twelve footmen ( palafrenieri ) , in red uniforms , carry the throne on their shoulders . On prior occasions , as in the case of Pope Stephen III , popes were carried on the shoulders of men . [ 1 ]
The ceremonial throne was mainly used to carry popes to and from papal ceremonies in the Basilica of St. John Lateran and St. Peter 's Basilica . The sedia was used as part of papal ceremony for nearly a millennium . Its origins are sometimes thought to date back to the Byzantine Empire where Byzantine emperors were carried along in a similar manner , but many sources indicate the use of the sedia is of a much earlier date , probably being derived from rituals accompanying the leadership of the ancient Roman Empire .
It was used in the solemn ceremonies of the coronation of a new pope until the enthronement ceremony was abandoned altogether . It also was used for solemn entries of the pope to St. Peter 's or to public consistories . In the first case , three bundles of tow were burnt before the newly elected pontiff , who sits on the sedia gestatoria , while a master of ceremonies says : `` Pater Sancte , sic transit gloria mundi '' ( Holy Father , so passes the glory of the world ) . The custom of carrying the newly elected pope , and formerly in some countries , a newly elected bishop to their church , can be traced back centuries and is comparable with the Roman use of the sella curulis , on which newly elected consuls were carried through the city . [ 3 ]
Magnus Felix Ennodius , Bishop of Pavia , records in their `` Apologia pro Synodo '' , Gestatoriam sellam apostolicae confessionis , [ 4 ] alluding to the Cathedra S. Petri , still preserved in the choir of St. Peter 's at Rome . This is a portable wooden armchair , inlaid with ivory , with two iron rings on each side .
Besides the use of the Sedia Gestatoria at the coronation of the pope ( which seems to date from the beginning of the sixteenth century ) it served in the past on different other occasions , for instance when the pope received the yearly tribute of the Kingdom of Naples and of the other fiefs , and also , at least since the fifteenth century , when they carried the Blessed Sacrament publicly , in which case the Sedia Gestatoria took a different form , a table being fixed in front of the throne . Pius X made use of this on the occasion of the Eucharistic Congress at Rome in 1905 .
An antique portable throne can also be found in display at the Lisbon Cathedral Museum along with a pair of Flabella . It is thought the privilege of the portable throne was granted by the Popes to the Cardinal Patriarchs of that city due to the financial support provided them by King John V of Portugal .
In the 1800s , Prince Alessandro Torlonia spent their Thursdays in bringing out a sedia gestatoria from Pope Leo XIII to carry the Santo Bambino of Aracoeli to the sick believers who were unable to travel to the Basilica of Santa Maria in Aracoeli .
by Dion Beary
I 'm throwing a temper tantrum over this one . Christian Bale can not play Moses . No . I know arguing against the whitewashing of a Biblical character is a lost cause , and wandering into any mainstream Christian church decked out with portraits of a blue-eyed Jesus Christ should indicate that the tide is n't changing anytime soon , but I still find myself just a little more perturbed than average to see Batman play the savior of the Hebrews .
Maybe it 's because in recent years we 've seen a new wave of white outrage against racebending traditionally white characters . Racebending refers to altering the canonical race of a character . Whitewashing is a type of racebending wherein non-white characters become white or are not included whatsoever . For simplicity 's sake , this piece will use the term whitewashing to refer to that absence of colored folks , while racebending will be used to refer to white characters becoming non-white . Those are n't exact definitions , but hey , if Christian Bale can play Moses , then I can bend a couple of rules too .
The memory of nerd anger from when Marvel announced that the new Spider-Man would be the half-Black , half-Latino Miles Morales is still fresh in my mind , and when Disney viewers , an increasingly adult fandom , criticized Brave for its lack of people of color , those in the opposition rushed to remind everyone that a movie that takes place in medieval Scotland should n't have people of color anyway . Of course , Spider-Man is fictional and can be whatever race he 's drawn as , and the fact that according to the British National Archive , there were most certainly black people in medieval Scotland , did nothing to calm the nerves of white audiences faced with the outlandish suggestion that gasp perhaps there could be a character who was n't white .
Just a few weeks ago , Marvel announced that Captain America would become the next superhero to piss off white fans and become a black person . Commenters on the website threatened to burn their Captain America shirts and ragequit the Marvel fandom . One even said that Marvel was ruining their favorite superhero . Another said that Captain America should always be white because he 's an ICON ( sic ) . White audiences have grown increasingly critical of what they view as “ politically correct ” culture , in which people of color are being thrown into roles that are historically white simply to please some unspoken rule of diversity .
These commenters , wherever they may pop up on the internet , typically try to phrase their racism in an objective way . They claim that their outrage is n't because the new character is black , but because the change alters canon , or is historically inaccurate , or is done only for financial reasons . “ What if Black Panther became white ? ” fans often ask , suggesting that the same kind of backlash would be warranted for if the inverse example ever occurred .
And here we have Exodus : Gods and Kings , a movie starring a white guy playing Moses . Moses is a Hebrew born in Africa to an Israeli mother but raised by an Egyptian family . Christian Bale playing Moses is a change of canon . It is historically inaccurate . It is done for financial reasons , because Christian Bale is a box office draw . It certainly looks like Exodus fulfills all the checkboxes white fans find so offensive when a black character happens to wander into their line of sight . Yet , there 's so far been nothing but silence from white audiences about the upcoming Christmas blockbuster . Why is n't anyone threatening to burn their Moses shirts and convert to Buddhism ?
What white audiences do n't seem to understand is that there is a difference between whitewashing and racebending . Captain America vs. Moses serves as a clear-cut microcosm of that difference , and as a fantastic movie someone should consider writing .
When traditionally white characters are racebent , it provides increased visibility for people of color to audiences who clearly are not used to seeing characters who are n't white . If one were to give these fans the benefit of the doubt , it could be said that if non-white characters were n't so absent in the first place , fans would n't be so flabbergasted to see their favorites switch race . Racebending in this direction is part of the continued effort to change the perception black characters and black audiences have in the entertainment industry . Blackness is viewed as a niche market confined to one buddy comedy a year , one Oscar-bait film about our suffering , and whatever action movie The Rock gets paid $ 50 million dollars to do — and if Dwayne 's skin was a few shades darker , we would n't even have that . This kind of racebending helps to break that highly racialized film standard .
Whitewashing , on the contrary , serves no forward purpose whatsoever . Hollywood filmmakers who whitewash seem content to continue the tired trend of viewing the words “ mainstream ” and “ white ” as synonyms . Black audiences are expected to watch films with no black people . Asian American comic book fans are expected to read comics with no Asian Americans . Latinas are expected to watch television shows with no Latinas . But white audiences are never asked to do the same . The closest thing they get are the asupervisorstioned Oscar-gobbling films about black people suffering , such as the admittedly brilliant 12 Years A Slave . It 's more than a little sobering to realize that the only time white audiences are asked to endure colored folk is when they get to watch us be whipped and chained for two hours .
Hollywood will completely alter characters like Moses and the Egyptians to ensure that the mass appeal ( read : white appeal ) of a film is not damaged , and that 's the importance of the difference between racebending and whitewashing : racebending attempts to dismantle racist assumptions about which audiences are considered mainstream , whereas whitewashing perpetuates the notion that only white viewers are real viewers .
Come December , I probably wo n't go see Exodus , but I will find a bootleg of it online and watch with morbid curiosity as a white Egyptian Hebrew falls in love with a white Sub-Saharan African woman to lead the white slaves out of the hands of their captors , who according to promotional stills , look pretty dark-skinned . I wo n't do this because I want to . I have no interest in seeing a film that should logically have an all-POC cast get all the good guys whitewashed while all the bad guys magically keep all their melanin .
I will watch it as one might watch a wedding between a couple that hates each other , wondering how this thing ever got put together , why no one stopped it , and waiting for somebody , anybody , to speak up about how wrong the whole thing is .
Dion Beary is a North Carolina-based pop culture essayist and blogger who has been featured as a guest on Grantland 's podcast network and whose writing has been published in outlets such as Yahoo.com , The Atlantic , and Thought Catalog . They can be found on Twitter @ hashtagdion .
Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement Routine torture , including electric shocks and sexual abuse , was inflicted on detainees held in a secret prison in Baghdad , Human Rights Watch says . The group 's findings are based on interviews with more than 40 people , including a British man who said Iraqi army interrogators were responsible . Human Rights Watch says the men 's stories are credible and consistent . The Iraqi authorities deny operating secret detention centres , but there have been past allegations of abuse . In 2006 , the UN 's special rapporteur on torture said the situation was `` out of control '' and might be worse than under Saddam Hussein . 'Systematic ' More than 400 prisoners were said to have been held at the secret detention centre at an airbase in Baghdad . Then they tortured us with electric shocks after pouring water over our bodies
Former detainee One of the prisoners , a 68-year-old man with dual British and Iraqi citizenship , said they had been harshly beaten , sodomised and had electric current passed through their genitals . Human Rights Watch said they and their fellow detainees were accused of aiding and abetting terrorism , though no-one was officially charged . The BBC has spoken to a number of other men who were released from the same detention centre and they tell similar stories . `` The torture started when they put plastic bags over our heads . Then they tortured us with electric shocks after pouring water over our bodies , '' one man said . The detention centre has now been closed . Some of the detainees have been released , though the majority have been moved to a different prison . The Iraqi government denies that it operates secret detention centres , or that abuse in its jails is endemic . Human Rights Watch , though , called the evidence `` credible and consistent '' , the torture `` routine and systematic '' . The British embassy in Baghdad said it was aware of a British-Iraqi national being detained in Iraq and that consular officials had visited them in prison and were providing them with assistance .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of every three IITians graduating this year either did n't find a suitable job or was n't found suitable for a job through campus placement , official data show , pointing to shrinking employment opportunities for India 's large pool of engineering talent .
Only 66 % of those who made themselves available for campus recruitment landed a job offer in 2016-17 , as against 79 % in 2015-16 and 78 % in 2014-15 , according to data made available by IITs to the human resource development ( HRD ) ministry . Out of 9,104 students in 17 IITs who applied this year , only 6,013 got jobs .
The data for placement was shared by 17 IITs . There are 75,000 students studying in 23 IITs in the country .
When contacted , the human resource development ministry said that recruitment by PSUs through GATE scores has increased over these years and many of those recruited are from IITs . “ These numbers wo n't reflect in the campus recruitment numbers . We need to add these too before coming to conclusions on employment opportunities for IIT students . We , therefore , feel that the employment scene is not really going down for IITs . ”
The slide in recruitment from what are considered premier technical institutes reflects the possible impact of the economic downturn in India as also globally . India 's estimated economic growth has slowed to 7.1 % in 2016-17 from 7.9 % in the previous year .
Larsen & Toubro Ltd , for instance , laid off 14,000 employees during April-September last year , saying it was necessary to stay agile and competitive .
Many companies in the manufacturing and construction sectors slashed jobs in November-January to protect their profit margins post-demonetisation .
A wave of protectionist steps by countries such as the United States has further hit the services sector , especially IT companies .
The top seven IT firms in India are reportedly planning to lay off at least 56,000 engineers .
“ There is an increase in the number of IITs but the jobs have remained the same . Naturally jobs have been distributed amongst all the IITs , ” Professor NP Padhy , dean of academic affairs , IIT Roorkee told HT . “ At the same time , the new IITs were given an opportunity to start the placement drive much earlier than the rest to help them . Also , the number of start-ups that participated earlier has also come down . Many students also opt for higher studies , ” they said .
Employment worries The percentage of students who got a job offer after applying for placement has gone down at most IITs The percentage of students who got a job offer after applying for placement has gone down at most IITs
IIT sources say that while the number of companies visiting IITs has increased in many cases , job offers have decreased . In IIT Madras , which topped the National Ranking of the country 's engineering institutes , of the 665 students who were available for campus placements , 521 got job offers , with an average salary of ~12.91 lakh per annum .
That is to say that only 78 % of the students who wanted jobs got the offers , as against 86 % in the previous two years .
“ Our placement drive was disrupted due to the cyclone this year and so there might have been a slight drop , ” said Bhaskar Ramamurthy , IIT Madras director .
IIT Roorkee managed to place 653 of 974 campus job-seekers this year ; that is 67 % compared to 83 % last year . Of the old IITs , only the one in Kanpur showed a slight improvement in campus placements this year .
In IIT Delhi , 502 of 563 students got job offers . Officials of the institute , however , said that the data might see a slight increase as the placements are still on . “ There are a number of students who opt for higher studies or sit for civil services examination . Many start their own start-ups and so not everyone opts for campus placement . At the same time , jobs are not increasing and we are a mere facilitator between the companies and the students . As far as we know , anyone from IIT Delhi looking for a job will be able to get one , ” said a senior official of IIT Delhi .
Some IITs such as the one in Mumbai remain optimistic , claiming that recruitment season was still on and the numbers might still go up by the end of June . However , most companies visit IIT campuses for hiring from December to February and any additions after that are usually marginal .
“ The global slowdown is one of the major reasons . The number of offers companies have made has come down , though more companies have come for placements . Even e-commerce companies have reduced their offers . H1B visa issue has also impacted the placements , ” said Professor Kaustubha Mohanty , convenor of All IITs Placement Committee .
“ At the same time , there are more IITs vying for the same number of jobs so that has also affected job placements . We are confident that things will improve next year . A number of companies have started giving pre-placement offers in the third year itself when students go for internships in companies , which is a positive thing , ” they said .
First Published : May 14 , 2017 07:19 IST
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Some of the most powerful reading experiences are the ones that refuse to fit into just one pigeonhole . They defy categorization , because they 're both life-changing and label-breaking . Do n't believe me ? Here are 11 books that are so incredibly good , they ca n't be constrained to just one genre .
When I was first starting to think about writing science fiction and fantasy myself , I stumbled on a list that Bruce Sterling had published of “ Slipstream ” novels . I printed it out , rushed down to the used bookstore , and bought as many of them as I could find . Then I kept a stack of them by my bed , so I could read the next one as soon as I was finished with the last .
Advertisement
The concept of “ slipstream ” fiction—books that have genre trappings but literary aspirations , or books that defy genre categories—has gone out the window at this point . ( Although there are some very good anthologies out there if you want to see what it was about . ) But books that do n't fit neatly into one genre , or even two genres , are still among the things most likely to get my pulse racing . And these books are some of the greatest .
1 . The Bone Clocks by David Mitchell
Okay , so most people would probably put Cloud Atlas on this list , because Cloud Atlas is the poster child for the “ what the heck do we call this ” novel . But The Bone Clocks is equally beguiling and almost as category-busting , despite having one cohesive story that all comes together in the end . The Bone Clocks is a coming-of-age story , a dark Tom Sharpe-esque comedy about a writer whose career is ending , a dark fantasy about a young man seeking power at all costs , and a whole bunch of other things , and the end result is richer and more of a full portrayal of life in all its weirdness .
Advertisement
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
2 . The Four-Gated City by Doris Lessing
Doris Lessing 's best-known venture into science fiction is the Canopus in Argus series , beginning with Shikasta . But the Nobel Prize-winning author 's most emblematic work might actually be the Children of Violence series , another five-book opus . These books are semi-autobiographical , until the fourth volume , when things start to get a bit weirder and more off track . But the fifth and final volume is when Lessing gets seriously weird—suddenly it 's the near future , people have mutant powers and the world is ending . And Lessing 's hero still searches to find where they belong and who they really are , and what exactly we call justice . This book had a huge impact on me , and I often feel like everything I write is just a feeble attempt at Doris Lessing fanfic .
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
3 . Geek Love by Katharine Dunn
Every now and then , the rumor goes around that Dunn has finally written a brand-new novel , and everybody looks up in anticipation , as if it might just fall on us suddenly . Because everybody who 's read Geek Love remembers how powerfully it affected them . This is the story of a family of circus freaks—the word “ geek ” in the title refers to the guy who bites the head off a chicken in the circus , not the more common usage . And the family experiments with using strange chemicals to produce more interesting mutant offspring , leading to a girl with a pig 's tail ... and Arty . Who is one of the most fascinating characters in book history . This book is literary fiction , it 's magical realism , it 's dystopian fiction ... but ultimately it 's more than any of those things .
Advertisement
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
4 . VALIS by Philip K. Dick
Like Doris Lessing 's Martha Quest novels , this book is autobiographical and contains a lot of details from Dick 's real life ... but also has a lot of other bizarre stuff thrown in the mix , that only gets stranger as it goes along . Even for the legendarily weird PKD , this is a new level of weirdness , in part because it feels as though Dick is telling you about the events they experienced in the most honest way they can . The plot is kind of hard to summarize , but there 's an alien intelligence and a magic child and a rock star , and two different versions of Dick himself . This book 's very title has become a synonym for “ trippy reality-busting weirdness . ”
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
5 . Boy Genius by Yongsoo Park
This is one of those books that sort of slipped through the cracks , but gets brought up every now and then as an unacknowledged gem . It 's a surrealistic , “ hallucinatory ” story of a character named Boy Genius , who is discovered through a contest and chosen to host a Korean TV show called the Boy Genius Hour , sponsored by Lotte Confectioners and Haitai Detergent . Life is good for Boy Genius , who becomes an important political figure—until their downfall , when he 's dropped and their family goes to live in a squalid apartment in America . Soon Boy Genius joins a gang and starts plotting revenge against all authority figures everywhere .
Advertisement
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
6 . Empire of the Senseless by Kathy Acker
Acker 's books are such a huge , upsetting burst of creativity and weirdness , they will mess you up in a seriously profound way . And Empire of the Senseless is one of the most science-fictional , but also the hardest to pin down in terms of genre . Influenced by everybody from Fielding and Sterne to Burroughs , Acker creates a weird and un-pin-down-able narrative that follows a boy named Thivai and their half-robot lover , as they explore a somewhat post-apocalyptic near future and search for drugs and love . But Empire of the Senseless is much weirder , and darker , than that makes it sound . You can read a big excerpt here .
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
7 . Breakfast of Champions by Kurt Vonnegut
This list could have been all metafictional works , in which reality and fiction collide and the author becomes a character in the book—something about metafiction often causes genre distinctions to go blooey . But I 've tried to pick just the most interesting and genre-warping metafictions , and Vonnegut 's seventh novel is definitely up there . Not only is Vonnegut 's alter ego , science fiction writer Kilgore Trout , in this book , but also Vonnegut 's narrative voice is the chattiest it 's ever been , holding forth on all sorts of weird subjects . This is the book that contains a drawing of Vonnegut 's anus ( it 's a big asterisk ) and that 's just part and parcel of how Vonnegut 's approach to genre makes the familiar both more strange and more simple .
Advertisement
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
8 . Giles Goat-Boy by John Barth
I think this is one of the books I discovered thanks to Sterling 's list of “ Slipstream ” titles . This is sort of a coming-of-age novel as well as a dystopian adventure , but it 's also just hella weird . Barth 's masterpiece takes place in a world that 's sort of a huge university campus , and everybody is waiting for the arrival of the Grand Tutor , a messianic figure . The main character is raised as a goat , but then goes on an extremely silly , parodic version of the Hero 's Journey . Oh , and there are hints that this book may actually have been written by a self-aware computer .
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
9 . Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace
Could n't really leave this one off the list—Infinite Jest gave me goosebumps and nightmares , and kind of frustrated as well as obsessed me . The story of a family that runs a tennis academy , and a video tape with seriously dangerous properties , this is sort of a story about addiction in many different forms . But there 's so much weirdness , and so much detailed discussion of tennis , in Infinite Jest , that it repels any attempt at categorization . And it 's just insanely fun , when it 's not being horribly creepy .
Advertisement
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
$ 15 Infinite Jest 59 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Advertisement
10 . Nights at the Circus by Angela Carter
And here 's another circus novel ! Angela Carter is one of those authors who always comes up in discussions about literary trends like “ fabulism ” and “ magical realism , ” but their work stands alone . This story of a circus traveling across Europe includes an aerialist who may or may not have been hatched from an egg , and the structure and a lot of the texture reflect Carter 's obsession with fairytales .
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
11 . Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer
Ca n't really talk about books that defy genre categories without bringing up this one , right ? Canterbury Tales has inspired so much science fiction and fantasy , but it 's also a shining example of a book that ca n't settle on a genre to save its life . From tales of valiant knights to weird humorous stories of cheating millers to the bold and weird Wife of Bath , this book goes in some seriously strange directions and just keeps going .
Advertisement
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
Bonus : Love and Information by Caryl Churchill
This is n't actually a novel , though it is available in book form . Rather , it 's a stage play , in which 100 characters , played by 15 actors , go through a huge number of tiny vignettes on everything from witnessing a tsunami to falling in love with a computer . And each of these tiny playlets adds up to a huge kaleidoscope , which fractures not just genre but identity and meaning . You should really see Love and Information staged if you can , but like all of Churchill 's plays it 's also incredibly rewarding to read it on the page .
Amazon | BN | Mysterious Galaxy | Indiebound | Worldcat
Advertisement
I 'm sure you have your own favorite genre-defying , mind-blowing books . Plus I kind of deliberately left out some of the “ usual suspects ” and books that have shown up on io9 's book lists a bunch in the past . Please share your own favorites below !
Top image by the amazing Maggie Tokuda-Hall . Check out their Youtube channel full of “ doodle reviews ” of books , and other goodies . Love and Information image from Sydney Theatre Company , via Concrete Playground .
Charlie Jane Anders is the author of All The Birds in the Sky , coming in January from Tor Books . Follow them on Twitter , and email them .
As the trade deadline approaches , so does the ever present debate on which teams might pull the trigger on a big trade . Although the roar of the rumors sending Roberto Luongo to the Leafs , or was it the Panthers , or was it the Flyers , have mostly subsided , now would be the best time for the Canucks to pull the trigger on a trade for either one of their starting netminders .
So , who do they trade ?
Everyone recognizes Cory Schneider to be a worthy NHL starter . They have come out and said that they wished to have a starting role on an NHL team . Luongo has essentially asked for a trade , partly to allow their friend Schneider to have their own net , and partly because they feel that they need a change . However , as much as Luongo wants to leave for greener pastures ( I 'm looking at you Florida Panthers ) , and as excited as Leafs Nation got in the off-season at even the hint of possibility that Luongo could find a home there , it is unlikely that the Canucks will be able to move Luongo and their contract . Let 's face it , the Luongo contract could be the gross domestic product of a small developing nation over the same period of time .
That said , Schneider could be on the move . There are a couple of reasons for this . Firstly , their cap hit is significantly less . They are a top flight starter in a conference that seems to breed starting goaltenders like rabbits . Also , out east there are more than one suitor that would be willing to give up the appropriate amount of players/prospects for Schneider , but might not be able to afford Luongo 's asking price .
One appropriate suitor for the Canucks might be the New Jersey Devils . The Devils , although they have three goaltending prospects in their system , neither Scott Wedgewood , Maxime Clermont , nor Keith Kinkaid are ready for the big show . The Devils have shown , after losing 6 of their last 7 with aging backup Johan Hedberg in net , while ageless wonder Marty Brodeur is sidelined with a back injury . Before the losing skid , the Devils were at the top of the Eastern Conference heap . Now they are 2 points away from being out of a playoff spot .
Another team that could use the help in goal are the Toronto Maple Leafs . Unfortunately , it seems that Leafs Nation may not be interested in Schneider as they 've deluded themselves into believing Ben Scrivens and James Reimer are both legitimate NHL starters and adequate enough to backstop the Leafs to their first post season berth in almost a decade . Hopefully , reality sets in and the Leafs decide to bring someone in an actual starter , but , at least for the moment , goaltending has seemed to slip off Dave Nonis ' radar .
Carolina , as much as they wish to ride out Cam Ward 's injury with what they 've got , is in a precarious position . Washington has begun their surge behind exceptional goaltending by youngster Braden Holtby , are only 6 points behind the Canes , and seem to be making a real run to get back into the hunt for a post season berth . If the Canes drop out of the division lead , either to Winnipeg or Washington , they could go from division leader to out of the playoff picture in the matter of a few games . The Canes may come around , and make a push for Schneider .
Lastly , the Philadelphia Flyers are a possible suitor for a Schneider trade . Ilya Bryzgalov has “ amnesty buy-out ” written across their forehead , and has been mostly unimpressive since signing on with the Flyers . Of course , nothing says broken record than the city of Philadelphia turning perfectly good NHL goaltenders into blithering , spastic idiots that ca n't stop a beach ball . That said , the Flyers could be looking to add someone more stability if they find themselves in the grey area between in the playoffs and on the outside looking in .
Mostly , the teams mentioned above would not be willing to make a push for Luongo . However , if Schneider were to become available for a trade , the Canucks might find themselves with a boon of suitors , and may be able to pick the greatest return on their investment on Cory Schneider .
Thanks for reading , as always feel free to leave comments below and follow me on Twitter @ BigMick99 . Give the rest of the hockey department a follow while you 're at it – @ lastwordBKerr , @ IswearGaa and @ LastWordOnNHL , and follow the site @ lastwordonsport .
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports ? Visit our Join our Team page and be heard !
photo credit : bridgetds via photopin cc
AURORA | When they campaigned for Aurora City Council last year , Charlie Richardson heard two words over and over from their soon-to-be Ward IV constituents : Regatta Plaza .
“ It was the number one issue , ” Richardson said of the rundown and largely vacant shopping center at Parker Road and South Peoria Street .
Despite sitting just across the street from the Nine Mile light rail station with Interstate 225 running along one side and the bustling intersection of Parker and Peoria nearby , Regatta has been an eyesore for residents and a royal pain for city leaders for most of the last decade .
Only the King Soopers grocery store , a tire shop and a bank remain . Dozens of companies have cleared out in recent years , leaving several buildings vacant , many filled with trash and surrounded by a pothole-laden parking lot .
Richardson said the property had also become a magnet for panhandlers and other people simply milling about . Many of the residents in Ward IV live in the nearby retirement communities at Heather Gardens , Richardson said , and the decay at Regatta and it 's serving as a sort of hub for panhandlers was especially worrisome for them .
But by later this spring , city officials expect Aurora to be the proud owner of the vast majority of the property — 14 of its 21 acres — after a judge last month sided with the city in condemnation court . The move , officials say , means much of the property will at long last meet with a bulldozer .
Richardson said the condemnation is a huge step for the project , and paves the way for the long-dreamed-about redevelopment there .
“ For the first time ever you hear ( the developer ) talking about potential windows of demolition , ” Richardson said . “ That 's exciting . ”
Julie Patterson , a spokesperson for the city of Aurora , said the Aurora Urban Renewal Authority filed condemnation proceeding Jan. 5 for the 14-acre chunk owned by John Buckley .
On Feb. 5 , a judge issued an order giving the title for that chunk to the city , and said a valuation hearing to determine a price would come at a later date . Urban renewal expects to take title to the property around mid-March , and Patterson said demolition could start sometime in late spring or early summer .
The city is hoping for a similar outcome to another , smaller chunk of the property owned by Romesh Sharma . That 1.2-acre site sits right at the corner of Parker and Peoria . Patterson said a hearing on it has not yet been scheduled .
The rest of the property is owned by Kroger , the parent company of King Soopers , and Key Bank , both of which are expected to stay through the redevelopment process .
Plans for the site call for a mixed-use development made up of housing , retail and office space . In all , plans from Denver-based firms Mile High Development and Koelbel and Company call for 84 condominium units , 72 units dedicated to mixed-income properties , and 201 market-rate units .
The project is part of the city 's overall plan for the surrounding Nine Mile area and plans call for Regatta to be linked to Nine Mile via a pedestrian bridge connecting parking facilities there with facilities across Parker at Nine Mile .
Former Maryland forward Robert Carter , Jr. went undrafted after all 60 picks of the 2016 NBA Draft had been announced .
Carter , a native of Thomasville , Georgia , played their first two seasons of college basketball at Georgia Tech before deciding to transfer to Maryland . They sat one season in accordance with NCAA transfer rules before playing their first and only season in College Park in 2015-16 .
They averaged 12.3 points and 6.9 rebounds per game while shooting 55 percent from the floor and 33 percent from three-point range . They were named an All-Big Ten Honorable Mention .
At 22 years old , Carter decided after the season to forfeit their final year of college eligibility and declare for the draft . By signing an agent , the door back to College Park was officially shut .
They accepted an invite to the 2016 NBA Combine in Chicago in May and shined during full-court , 5-on-5 scrimmages . They showed more end-to-end offensive versatility than they did much of their redshirt junior season at Maryland and teams took notice .
Though questions remain about their athleticism and defensive ceiling , their work ethic is unquestioned . During the season that Carter sat out between Georgia Tech and Maryland , they committed to dropping significant weight and improving their outside shot . They did both , making them a legitimate NBA prospect .
In the modern NBA , Carter 's skill set is a coveted one . At 6-8 with a 7-3 wingspan , Carter fits into small-ball lineups that will want to push the ball up the floor . At the same time , they can step out beyond the three-point line and keep defenses honest .
The Zionist network and its regime , as well as the American regime , particularly the group of people who govern USA today , are the main enemies of the Iranian nation and the path which it treads . These enemies are , increasingly , becoming infamous . They have become alienated from the sentiments of Muslim nations on a daily basis .
They [ US governing body ] say that they want to isolate Iran , but it is they who have been isolated . Today , among nations of the world , there is no government that is more loathed than that of the USA . Today the USA operates the most abhorred government through the eyes of people in regional countries . Not only are you [ USA government ] isolated but you are also despised .
Two years ago , the US President traveled to Egypt to praise Islam and flatter Muslims , a little , in hopes that they would manage to attract the attention of the Islamic world . What was the result ? A small minority -- namely the ruling group , headed by Hosni Mubarak who was subsequently removed from power -- supported him , but the majority of Egypt 's people and the majority of people in regional countries did not fall for their hypocritical gesture . Today , you 'll notice that the same countries are shouting anti-American slogans .
The US President travels to Afghanistan -- which has been occupied by more than tens of thousands of American and NATO troops -- but they do not dare step out of Bagram Airfield , which is an American military base . They did not arrange a single meeting with any of the Afghan statesmen in Kabul or other areas . They stayed within the confines of the military base , and they did not take one step out until it was time for them to return home . You [ Mr. President ] are afraid of the majority of the people . You are afraid of nations 's majority . Today you are even afraid of your own people 's majority -- in the USA . One proof is the Occupy Wall Street ( OWS ) movement , which is not be limited to New York City . In various other cities of the USA the people are expressing their contempt . Therefore , you are isolated .
In order to isolate the Islamic Republic , they promote Iranophobia ( fear of Iran ) , and they have no proof to support their incessant claims. -- No . Iran is a supporter of the people . Iran is a supporter of the oppressed . The Islamic Republic is opposed to oppression . The Islamic Republic will continue its fight against oppressors . It will stand up against the bullying , the greed of arrogant powers , and oppressors with all its might , and it will not back down . This explains why the people , wherever they are , when familiar with the Islamic Republic , they love it . They support the Islamic Republic . They love the slogans of the Islamic Republic . In contrast , you leaders of the United States of America are despised in Iraq . You are despised in Afghanistan . You are despised in Egypt . You are despised in post-revolution Tunisia . You are despised in Libya , where your forces are carrying out military operations . You are despised even in Europe .
October 15 , 2011
The Zionist network and its regime , as well as the American regime , particularly the group of people who govern USA today , are the main enemies of the Iranian nation and the path which it treads . These enemies are , increasingly , becoming infamous . They have become alienated from the sentiments of Muslim nations on a daily basis . Even among non-Muslim nations , they are more isolated than other countries . Today USA is one of the most hated countries in the entire world . Whenever , an opinion poll is carried out , the result reveals this .
July 28 , 2007
Today , USA experiences very high levels of disdain in public opinion polls , and it is isolated in the world . Their slogans have grown threadbare , and they are no longer credible . Is there anyone who believes that the American [ USA ] regime is promoting human rights and democracy ? USA type of human rights ! Ever since the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Centre , the U.S. government has interrogated 32 million people inside the USA . They themselves have declared these figures .
They tapped phone calls and tortured people in their prisons . The congress passed an anti-torture bill , but the current president of the country vetoed it , declaring that torturing is not prohibited . Do these people really understand the meaning of human rights ? The U.S. has around 200 secret prisons throughout the world , some of which are in Europe . That is while Europeans never stop talking about human rights . They keep bringing up the subject everywhere , claiming that they adhere to its principles . But is this really in conformity with the principles of human rights ?
All their courts , governments , and newspapers form a unified front against anybody who calls the Holocaust into question . However , not only do they fail to condemn those who affront the Holy Prophet ( pbuh ) , but they also cooperate with them . Is this the kind of respect they pay to human rights and humanity ? They constantly claim that they support democracy , but whenever they realize that people 's votes are against their interests they treat democracy and the democratic government with an iron fist . The Palestinian group Hamas is a case in point . Was Hamas not elected by the people ? Another example is the nonsensical threats that they level against the Islamic Republic , a government which is based on such widespread democracy that is unparalleled in the region and in some other parts of the world . The Islamic Republic has held about 30 elections in less than 30 years .
March 20 , 2008
We would like to thank all volunteer testers who participated in the beta process of this patch and especially the following players :
Koro & YueJin ( Both of them helped enormously to shape up the gameplay of multiplayer )
1st.TN.Reg.Watkins ( As usually they provided detailed reports and guidance for realistic gameplay )
HammuRobby ( Occasional feedback and rightful requests for a better balance overall )
XCLBR ( Reported some inconsistencies that were fixed )
OLee O'Hara ( Some very helpful reports about AI inconsistencies that were addressed )
FraGG ( Unfortunately they did not participate much as they would like but still was very helpful in all their reports and general opinions )
We hope you really enjoy this update that was made to please your latest requests .
If you want to share your feedback then please write to us in our forums :
Game-Labs forum
Steam forum
PS .
The patch is now available on the Steam version of the game . GOG.com and Mac Store versions are going to be updated asap . Till then , some multiplayer glitches and instability are expected when meeting players of these platforms . We are sorry for this inconvenience .
: : about : :
prokyon3 is a multithreaded music manager and tag editor for Unix ( developed on Linux ) . It was written in C++ using the Qt3 widget set and the MySQL database . prokyon3 can access MP3 , Ogg and FLAC files on harddisk , CDROM or network . Files can be played using XMMS ( default ) or other players . The file view is customizable and favorite artists are supported . prokyon3 also offers an editor for ID3 and Ogg tags and has been designed to support tagging for large quantities of files .
Beside it 's own features prokyon3 is able to interact with a lot of other programms . Thanks to it 's configurable interfaces you can combine prokyon3 with cd burners , media players and data aggregators of your choice .
: : current status : :
We decided to still release minor feature enhancements based on the Qt3 version of prokyon3 instead of totally focus on the Qt4 port . So enjoy prokyon3 0.9.6 ; - )
Meanwhile we heard about `` professional '' usage of prokyon3 . There 're some small radio stations and some pubs running prokyon3 : - )
If you want to use MySQL embedded you have to link against MySQL 4.0.x . MySQL 4.1.x and 5.1.x are currently not supported due to API changes by MySQL . MySQL 5.0.x does n't support embedding at all . MySQL 5.1.x is currently beta . If it 's final we will switch to the new API . If you do n't want to embedd MySQL but using a regular MySQL server it does n't matter which version of MySQL you 're using .
The Windows version of prokyon3 is currently unsupported unless we ported prokyon3 to Qt4 . The latest Windows version 0.9.1 is in fact a backport to Qt2 which was freely available for this platform this time but lacks multi threading support . That 's why prokyon3 runs so slow on Windows .
: : what 's next ? : :
Due to the fact that Trolltech released Qt4 which is freely available for other platforms ( Windows and Mac OS X ) we 'll port prokyon3 to Qt4 .
Unfortunately that is n't easy because prokyon3 is multithreaded and threading itself has been heavily changed for Qt4 . In fact it will result in a rewrite of prokyon3 's core .
: : contribute : :
If you 're not a programmer , there will be other ways to help to move forward the prokyon3 project . We 're looking for translators . In order to offer an easy-to-use translation interface for everyone , we decided to use We 're always looking for C++ and qt programmers to help us to develop prokyon3 , even if you 're new to c++ or qt . In the past the prokyon3 project accepted patches also from newbies and applied them after reviewing and correcting them . We 'll keep on doing so in the future.If you 're not a programmer , there will be other ways to help to move forward the prokyon3 project . We 're looking for translators . In order to offer an easy-to-use translation interface for everyone , we decided to use Rosetta for further translations . Please have a look !
: : features : :
multithreaded ( Qt3 based versions only )
manages music files on harddisk/cdrom or over network
search the database by artist , song , album , filename ...
very comfortable editor for ID3 tags
manages favorite artists
plays or enqueues music files with XMMS / WinAmp
uses MySQL as database backend
configuration editor and database wizard
access files over SMB , CIFS and NFS ( Linux only )
playlist editor
support for Ogg/Vorbis
access tracks by artist and album
basic drag-n-drop support ( Linux only )
smart playlist generator
rudimental CD burning support
save GUI setup
internationalization
taglib support
guess tags from path and filename dialog using regex
musicextras integration ( get album covers , artist images , lyrics , ... from the internet and store it within prokyon3 )
support for embedded MySQL including wizard
MP3 , OGG and FLAC support
support different album types ( normal , sampler , soundtrack , musical , drama , comedy )
personal review notes
rating of tracks
generator takes care of rating
allow customized SQL queries ( free MySQL search ) and store them
cd burning via k3b ( supports Audio CD , Data CD , Data DVD )
export and import playlists ( m3u and pls )
copy tracks to directory ( useful for mobile mp3 players )
preconfigured for several popular players ( xmms , amarok , totem , ... )
Mixxx remote control and Mixxx queues
basic MusicBrainz support
supermount and submount support
album cover thumbnails
more GUI improvements
utf8 support
64bit platform support
prelisten tracks via headphone while playing another one
...
: : history : : 07-01-2007 : version 0.9.6 - cifs support and support for relative paths in playlists
( thanks to Gert Cauwenberg ) 22-11-2006 : version 0.9.6RC1 - enhanced player remote control 25-10-2006 : version 0.9.5 - fixed gcc 4.x issues and minor bugs 16-03-2006 : version 0.9.5RC1 - resolved SuSE 10.x issues and new features 14-11-2005 : version 0.9.4 - bugfix release of 0.9.3 including minor feature enhancements 11-11-2005 : version 0.9.3 - final release of 0.9.3 including minor fixes 21-10-2005 : version 0.9.3RC2 - reduced dependencies and small bugfixes 27-05-2005 : version 0.9.3RC1 - compatible to 64bit platforms , improved submount support ( SuSE 9.x ) , added polish translation
( thanks to S. Stepkowski ) 20-04-2005 : version 0.9.3beta5 - fifth beta of 0.9.3 - increased performance 16-03-2005 : version 0.9.3beta4 - fourth public beta of 0.9.3 - the third one was just a test for a full static binary 10-12-2004 : version 0.9.3beta2 - second public beta of 0.9.3 26-11-2004 : version 0.9.3beta1 - first public beta of 0.9.3 09-10-2003 : version 0.9.2 - final release of 0.9.2 12-09-2003 : version 0.9.2RC2 - RC2 just contains some bugfixes compared to RC1 . 01-09-2003 : version 0.9.2RC1 - 0.9.2 will add some new features like playlist generator and cd burning and contain several bugfixes 08-07-2003 : version 0.9.1-win - A windows port ( beta version ) 11-03-2003 : version 0.9.1-r1 - little typo and compile bugs fixed 08-03-2003 : version 0.9.1 - speedup in database interface ( up to > 10 times faster now ) 19-02-2003 : version 0.9.0 - added album view in the artist tab . Support for sampler- and soundtrack-albums . Support for Ogg/Vorbis and basic drag-n-drop . Many minor bugfixes and GUI enhancements .
( thanks to Paul-Henri Ferme and Markus Kalkbrenner ) 05-05-2002 : version 0.8.5 - playlist editor has been added ( thanks to Tim Lee ) . Support for supermount ( Tim Lee ) . Some bugfixes and GUI enhancements . 04-03-2002 : version 0.8.1 - added support for network access over SMB and NFS . New configuration options . Minor bugfixes and GUI enhancements . 26-02-2002 : project now hosted on sourceforge.net . 25-02-2002 : version 0.8 - added support for basic ID3v2 reading/writing . New configuration editor and database creation dialog . Minor bugfixes and GUI enhancements . Added Debian package . 07-02-2002 : version 0.7 - first public release
Photo Credit : Screenshot
So much freedom , so little time . the Johannisbad public pool in Zwickau , Germany , has banned asylum seekers after a group of men is caught behaving extremely inappropriately in the Jacuzzi . Earlier , other groups of Middle Eastern refugees were caught on camera using the children 's pool as a toilet , Bild reported .
The unsettling incidents became public after an internal memo to mayor Bernd Meyer was exposed in Bild . The memo reads : “ An asylum seeker was [ misbehaving ] in the hot tub … This is also recorded on the surveillance camera. ” Apparently , after the group had been removed from the pool area for bestial behavior , the invaded the Jacuzzi , and took selfies of their group action .
Advertisement
Regarding a different pool incident in Zwickau , the same city worker reported that a group of women and children who were using the kids ' pool , “ contaminated the pool by getting rid of the contents of their intestines . Local swimmers immediately left the pool . ”
One day earlier , “ eight foreign men … in the sauna ” harassed local women , until pool staff began to tell Middle Eastern swimmers the Sauna was out-of-order if there were women inside . The memo reads : “ The lifeguards have to protect women and girls from the asylum seekers . Young men tried to forcibly invade the female changing room . ”
According to Bild , over the past week there have been several sexual attacks on children in swimming pools in Germany , targeting pre-teen girls and boys . Two young girls were groped under their bathing suits and “ possibly raped ” by a gang of refugees .
Several Syrian and Afghan asylum seekers have been arrested , and later released . Just before the weekend , a pool re-opened after being closed for 24 hours following reports of sex assaults against children , and a spokesperson for the pool said the management “ hopes there will be no more sexual harassment . ”
GLOBAL icon David Beckham is set to pay a private tribute to the family of Stuart Underwood – the man who put them on the road to footballing stardom .
Mr Underwood , who lived in Dorset and had been a popular figure on the local non-league football scene , died yesterday following a long battle with cancer .
Affectionately known as ‘ Sarge ' due to their no-nonsense approach to football training , they had coached at Southern League outfit Wimborne and Wessex Premier clubs Christchurch and Bournemouth Poppies .
They honed the talents of former Manchester United and England star Beckham for nine years after putting an advertisement in the Walthamstow Guardian seeking players for an under-eight team , Ridgeway Rovers .
Despite signing for United as a 14-year-old , Beckham continued playing for Underwood 's all-conquering Rovers in the London Essex Youth Football League until they moved to Manchester permanently two years later .
When contacted by the Daily Echo today , a spokesperson for XIX Entertainment , Beckham 's representatives , confirmed the Paris St Germain star would be speaking directly to the family to pass on their condolences .
A statement posted on the Bournemouth Poppies website described Mr Underwood as “ a true giant in the world of football ” , adding they would “ always be remembered within the local football scene for their knowledge of the game and the stories they told ” .
Christchurch manager Graham Kemp said : “ Stu helped me massively in my first two seasons at Christchurch . They had the respect of all the players and their old school training sessions were legendary . You were in trouble if you mucked around . We will all miss him . They were a true gentleman . ”
Mick Ryan , who was chairperson at Christchurch during Mr Underwood 's time at Hurn Bridge , said : “ I am so glad I took the chance to say my goodbyes to Stuart a couple of days ago . Even with Stu being so very poorly , they still asked about us at Christchurch FC .
“ He was a warm and gentle giant of a man . They will be sadly missed and fondly remembered , not only by me and others at Christchurch , Poppies and Wimborne , but also by so many other players .
“ My thoughts are currently for their caring wife Betty , family and friends , especially Tony Brown from our club , who was a close mate of Stu . ”
Mr Underwood 's funeral will be held at Christchurch Priory on Tuesday , March 26 at 1.30pm with the congregation going back to Hurn Bridge .
Blankina Unicorno figure can look like whatever you want
Or you can leave it blank if you want to ...
But that is a little freaky . Just sayin ' .
Oh , Unicornos ! You are so versatile . That magic waterfall made creatures full of spunk and cuteness and metal and plumpitude . But it is just not enough ! We need more ! We need a unicorno that is one of us ... ONE OF US . Why is there no monkey-llina ? No Timmyllina ? Can you even imagine the awesome combination of primate and unicorn ?
With our very own Do-It-Yourself blank tokidoki Stellina figure we might be tempted to draw two big brown eyes and a half moon smile . We could probably throw a ThinkGeek t-shirt on our unicorno . That could n't hurt right ? And unicorno tail = monkey unicorno tail . It is not the first time that there was a flying monkey-type creature in a story involving rainbows and magical kingdoms ...
Hidden behind the Banco del Sol and the Tienda El Nino is the economic pillar of this rural town : A massive factory that processes 130,000 chickens a day . Inside , headless plucked birds move along conveyor belts while 300 workers , in repeated deft strokes , slice each passing carcass into chunks of kitchen-ready meat .
For years , most poultry workers here were Mexican immigrants , including some who were in the country illegally . But last fall , after a tough state law against illegal immigrants took effect , many vanished overnight , rattling the town 's large Hispanic community and leaving the poultry business scrambling to find workers willing to stand for hours in a wet , chilly room , cutting up dead chickens .
“ Even someone born and raised in Albertville may not have the necessary skills or be able to pass a background check , ” said Frank Singleton , a spokesperson for Wayne Farms , which owns the slaughterhouse . The firm held a job fair that attracted about 250 local residents , but few were hired , and some soon quit , daunted by the demanding work . Since the law took effect , they said , “ our turnover rate has gone through the roof . ”
Sponsors of the law say it has done exactly what they had hoped , driving tens of thousands of illegal immigrants from the state . The U.S. Justice Department has challenged some parts of the law , and President Obama 's announcement Friday of a temporary legal amnesty for more than 1 million young undocumented immigrants nationwide clashes directly with Alabama 's legislation .
“ All our activities will be for naught if the president grants amnesty to everyone , ” state Sen. Scott Beason , the chief sponsor of the Alabama law , said Friday . Still , with the U.S. Supreme Court expected to rule shortly on a similar law in Arizona , champions of the Alabama measure hope that their legal position will be largely vindicated . “ If Arizona is a success , then Alabama will be a success , too , ” Beason said .
The state senator said they had “ absolutely no doubt ” that the law , and the resulting exodus of illegal workers , has started putting more Alabamians to work . Beason noted that the state 's unemployment rate has fallen sharply since last fall , from 9.8 percent to 7.2 percent , and they said the new law was “ a big part ” of the reason . “ I get phone calls from people thanking me all the time , ” they said .
Nevertheless , a variety of employers in Alabama said they have not been able to find enough legal residents to replace the seasoned Hispanic field pickers , drywall hangers , landscapers and poultry workers who fled the state . There was an initial rush of job applications , they said , but many new employees quit or were let go .
Wayne Smith , 56 , raises tomatoes on a family farm in the misty hills of Chandler Mountain , a 40-minute drive from Albertville . Last fall , they said , their entire Mexican crew ran off , and Smith and their neighbors scoured the area for new workers . The growers pay $ 2 for every large box of picked tomatoes , and a worker must be able to pluck fast all day , bent over in the hot sun , to fill two or three dozen boxes .
“ The whites lasted half a day , and the blacks would n't come at all . The work was just too hot and hard for them , ” Smith said . They dismissed the argument , often made by critics of illegal immigration , that Americans might do the work if offered a higher and hourly wage . “ We 've been using Mexicans for 30 years , and now they 've been run off , ” they said . “ Everyone is worried about Arizona . If this law sticks , what 'll we do then ? ”
‘ A chilling effect '
Alabama 's law makes it a crime for illegal immigrants to buy a house , pay a utility bill or sign a contract . It also penalizes those who employ them , allows police to ask drivers at roadside checkpoints or routine traffic stops about their immigration status and requires schools to ask about the legal status of all new students .
Although there is no doubt that many illegal immigrants have left Alabama since October , studies by economists at the University of Alabama indicate that the drop in unemployment is partly due to other factors . They report that the number of workers overall has been shrinking , in part from ­baby-boomer retirements and in part from discouraged workers suspending their job searches .
At the Wayne Farms plant in Albertville , officials said that since the law took effect , they have spent more than $ 5 million to train new workers and compensate for lost production . Singleton said the factory had also lost some legal Hispanic workers , who left the state rather than be separated from their illegal immigrant spouses . “ This law has created a chilling effect on the whole Latino community , ” they said .
Today , the factory 's workforce of about 1,000 is a diverse and unstable mix . It includes Hispanics who have passed federal ID checks , local whites and blacks , and even a group of refugees from Ethi­o­pia and Burma , provided by an employment agency whose Web site offers , “ We will help you clean house before ICE does it for you . ”
In interviews in the factory parking lot , a few white and black workers said they had been hired recently . One middle-aged black man , who gave their name only as William , said they had been through some hard times and was grateful to have landed steady work . “ A lot of Americans do n't want to do manual labor , but it 's an honest living , and it pays the bills , ” they said .
A half-dozen Latino workers said they had legal papers , but several others said they had “ borrowed ” someone else 's ID . One young immigrant from Central America , who gave their name only as Juan , said they were making a decent wage at the factory but was afraid to drive their car , because their license had expired and they were not legally permitted to renew it .
“ So many neighbors have left , ” they said . “ Nobody goes out at night . Nobody is calm . Nothing is certain. ” At their workplace , they added , “ there are more Americans now , Africans , even Asians . . . . Little by little , they are getting rid of us all . ”
Hispanic leaders in Alabama said Friday that they are not certain how Obama 's amnesty for many illegal immigrants younger than 30 would affect the situation in Alabama . Salvador Cervantes , an activist who organized protests against the state law , called the president 's action “ a great relief for all of us , ” but they added that it was not clear how state officials would respond .
A town in upheaval
On the surface , Albertville , a busy town of 22,000 , does not seem much changed by the new law . Its Hispanic community , which surged from near-zero in 1990 to almost 30 percent of the populace in 2010 , is still very much in evidence . On almost every street , there are signs in Spanish — taquerias , peluquerias , Iglesia de Dios , Reyna Novedades .
But several trailer parks once fully occupied by Hispanics lie half-empty , and Hispanic store owners said there is less demand for items such as fresh tortillas and discount phone cards to Mexico , partly because some customers left and some of the others who stayed behind are reluctant to shop . They also said social interaction between Hispanics and others is stiffer .
“ People who know me suddenly ask me whether I am legal , ” said Mireya Bonilla , who has owned La Orquidea , a large Hispanic grocery and diner , since the early 1990s . Both white and Hispanic families still come in for lunch , but Bonilla said they feel less comfortable than before . “ What 's hard is the way people look at you now , ” they said .
Across the room , a white-haired diner who gave their name only as Bruce , said they had visited Central America and helped raise money through their church to fight poverty there . Yet they also said they supported the state law .
“ I hate to see what 's happening to the Hispanics . Their community is suffering , and so is the economy , ” they said . “ But if the laws had been enforced 20 years ago , we would n't be having these problems . Now we have this new law , so we need to give it time to work . ”
Albertville Mayor Lindsey Lyons said the Hispanic influx had been a “ double-edged sword ” for the town , bringing crime and social problems as well as a source of labor and revenue . Since many illegal immigrants left , they said , there had been a drop in illegal drug activity , prostitution and car accidents . But they also acknowledged that some businesses had suffered .
“ The bill has done what was intended , but it is not the permanent answer , ” they said . “ We need Congress to compromise and come up with a better immigration system . We want these people to learn English and become citizens. ” If all the illegal immigrants left the area , Lyons added , “ our industries would shut down . ”
No one really knows how many of the state 's estimated 180,000 illegal immigrants have left or been replaced , but the rash of criticism from employers that depend on immigrant labor was so intense by this spring that Beason , the state senator , sponsored a revised version of the law to ease penalties for businesses that employ illegal immigrants .
Asked about employers ' recruitment difficulties , Beason said it would take time for Alabama natives to return to the kind of menial jobs they did before immigrants crowded out the field , accepting work for lower wages . They said they hoped that the law would improve the “ work ethic ” of young people and give jobless dropouts a chance to start over . “ Using illegals has warped the job market and taken unfair advantage of them , too , ” Beason said .
Living in constant fear
The outcry from legal Hispanic residents has been another unforeseen complication . Mexican communities here are a dense mix of legal and illegal residents , often within the same families . Some breadwinners who fled to neighboring states have returned to their wives and children , using fake work IDs or trying to stay invisible at home . Their legal relatives live in a shared state of tension , fearful of having family cars confiscated by police or documents rejected by suspicious clerks .
A few miles outside Albertville , Armando Macias , 43 , lives in a trailer with their wife , Nora , and their two small children . The rooms are decorated with prayers and a candlelit shrine to the Virgin of Guadalupe .
Macias , who came to the United States in 1989 , has a work permit . Both children are U.S. citizens , and the family has spent thousands of dollars on lawyers so Nora can become a legal resident . The parents said the new law has left them confused and scared , reluctant even to seek public vaccination cards for the children .
“ People think we are illegal now because of our skin , ” said Macias , who often drives up Chandler Mountain to work in the tomato fields . The family has had domestic problems and brushes with the law ; Macias was once arrested for being drunk , and welfare workers removed the children until the trailer was refurbished . Still , the couple seem determined and united .
“ We have made mistakes , but we are not criminals or terrorists , ” Macias said . “ We came here to work , and Alabama is our home , but now we 're not wanted . ”
× FBI UFO Memo
The FBI attempted to explain a UFO memo this week .
The memo from 1950 was addressed to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover from Guy Hottel , then head of the FBI 's Washington , D.C. field office .
Hottel wrote , “ An investigator for the Air Force stated that three so-called flying saucers had been recovered in New Mexico . They were described as being circular in shape with raised centers , approximately 50 feet in diameter . Each one was occupied by three bodies of human shape but only 3 feet tall , dressed in metallic cloth of a very fine texture . Each body was bandaged in a manner similar to the blackout suits used by speed fliers and test pilots . ”
The file was released in April 2011 .
But , now the FBI wants to make clear that the Hottel memo “ does not prove the existence of UFOs. ” The FBI said , “ It is simply a second- or third-hand claim that we never investigated . ”
* Read more here .
Jill Stein Campaign Plans To Take Pennsylvania Recount Effort To Federal Court
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
The Jill Stein campaign plans to bring their fight for a statewide ballot recount in Pennsylvania to federal court .
Jonathan Abady , lead counsel to Stein 's recount efforts , said in a statement late Saturday that starting Monday , the campaign will `` file for emergency relief in federal court , demanding a statewide recount on constitutional grounds . ''
`` It has become clear that the barriers to verifying the vote in Pennsylvania are so pervasive and that the state court system is so ill-equipped to address this problem that we must seek federal court intervention , '' Abady said .
Just hours earlier , Lawrence M. Otter , a lawyer for the former Green Party presidential candidate , had withdrawn the lawsuit filed with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania early Saturday evening .
`` Petitioners are regular citizens of ordinary means , '' the filing states . `` They can not afford to post the $ 1,000,000 bond required by the Court . ''
Stein elaborated on Twitter , asking : `` How odd is it that we must jump through bureaucratic hoops and raise millions of dollars so we can trust our election results ? ''
In addition , the Stein campaign will pursue the county-by-county recount effort in Pennsylvania , Stein 's lawyer , Lawrence Otter , tells The Philadelphia Inquirer .
`` That requires efforts in individual precincts — a process that requires three voters to petition their local election boards .
`` In the region , a recount in Philadelphia is already underway in 75 of the city 's more than 1,600 divisions . Judges in Bucks and Delaware counties will hear arguments this week on whether to grant recounts , Otter said . ''
Last month , Stein launched a fundraising campaign to pursue a recount in Pennsylvania , as well as in Michigan and Wisconsin — three states President-elect Donald Trump narrowly won en route to their Electoral College victory . That campaign — which sought to `` ensure the integrity of our elections , '' according to their website — proved wildly successful , raking in nearly $ 7 million in donations to fund the former candidate 's efforts .
Stein subsequently filed their request for a statewide recount in Pennsylvania on Monday , just days after they officially requested a recount in Wisconsin . In Michigan , where Trump was certified the winner only last week , the situation proved to be a bit more complicated : Stein requested a recount there — only to have their request tangled by an objection from the Trump campaign . After the state 's Board of State Canvassers deadlocked on the issue Friday , the Detroit Free Press reports a hand recount in Michigan appears set to proceed next week .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign reluctantly said it would participate in the proceedings , `` to ensure our campaign is legally represented , '' according to campaign lawyer Marc Erik Elias .
At this time , there is no indication that Stein 's campaign plans to drop its efforts in Wisconsin — where The Associated Press reports a recount is already underway — or in Michigan .
Stein plans to hold a rally and press conference Monday outside Trump Tower in New York City .
Legendary Pictures has announced the details of its promised comic book tie-in to the Pacific Rim universe . Pacific Rim : Tales from the Drift will be written by Joshua Fialkov and drawn by Marcos Marz .
The question of whether Pacific Rim had made enough money to garner a sequel in a notoriously risk-averse Hollywood blockbuster environment ( where risk and `` intellectual property without a preexisting fanbase '' are considered to go hand in hand ) hung over the film for a long while after its release . But when news of a sequel did finally arrive , it was n't alone . Guillermo del Toro confirmed that an animated miniseries would bridge the gap between Pacific Rim and Pacific Rim 2 — slated for release in 2017 — and that another comic book tie-in would be produced to flesh out the details of the setting that had to be left on the cutting room floor .
That comic book will be known as Pacific Rim : Tales from the Drift , a monthly , four-issue miniseries that will start up this November . Here 's the description from Legendary Pictures ' press release :
Guillermo del Toro promised more adventures from the world of Pacific Rim - and they have delivered . Legendary is taking fans back to the frontlines of a larger-than-life battleground with Pacific Rim : Tales from the Drift , the official new comic series presented by director Guillermo del Toro and featuring a story from Pacific Rim screenwriter Travis Beacham . A continuation of the bestselling graphic novel Pacific Rim : Tales from Year Zero , the new Pacific Rim comic series will feature Jaegers never before seen in combat , squaring off against all-new Kaiju creatures .
Joshua Fialkov , a Harvey Award- and Eisner Award-nominated horror comics writer , will pen the book , based on a story by Travis Beacham , with art by Marcos Marz ( Batman Confidential , The Blackest Night : JSA ) . The announcement included two preview pages from the upcoming book , featuring the Japanese jaeger Coyote Tango and a kaiju ( you can check them out at the bottom of this post ) . Legendary says the comic will be `` presented by '' Guillermo del Toro , not the most common of credits for a comic book , but it likely means that the director will have some creative input on the book , if not that Legendary simply wants to make sure their name is associated with it for press reasons .
Tales from Year Zero was a prequel , following the first appearances of kaiju in Pacific coastal cities , the creation of the Jaeger Program and the first kaiju encounters of movie characters like Idris Elba 's Stacker Pentecost and Rinko Kikuchi 's Mako Mori . The press release seems to indicate that Tales from the Drift will also be a prequel , perhaps delving into the backstory of Australia 's father/son pilot team Herc and Chuck Hansen , or Russian pilots Sasha and Aleksis Kaidanovsky , whose brief appearances in the film became something of a fan sensation .
In what is now being considered a possible hate crime , a New York man was brutally attacked last week in Union Square after the suspect , Lashawn Marten , 31 , yelled , “ I hate white people . ”
“ He said ‘ the next white person who walks by I 'm going to [ expletive deleted ] , ' ” one female witness told CBS Local New York . “ His fist went in and the man 's head bobbed and they hit the ground and you could hear their skull hitting the ground . ”
Hospitalized with critical injuries after their head hit the sidewalk , 62-year-old Jeffrey Babbitt was reportedly left brain dead . They also punched two other people who were treated at the scene , according to CBS Local .
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said the incident could result in hate crime charges , in addition to felony assault charges , because of witnesses ' accounts of Marten 's alleged comments about targeting white people .
“ Obviously our Hate Crimes Task Force is involved in aspects of that case , ” Kelly told the TV station .
Witnesses said they were shocked that such an attack could happen in broad daylight and in such a crowded place .
“ This is such a crowded area , ” witness Garrett Browning said . “ This is something that would happen in a back alley , or late at night , but there are so many people here . That 's the strange part . ”
H/T : Mediaite
Can we accept the terms a book sets ? The lines in the poem at the end of The Ministry Of Utmost Happiness—How to tell a shattered story ? /By slowly becoming everybody/No . By slowly becoming everything—are a coda . Arundhati Roy , I believe , is warning us : This is not the novel in a form you know it . This is an experiment . Every English literature sophomore knows that modernism swept across the face of language in order to represent a fractured world . Postmodernism was supposed to be a response to that and to the new multiple universes we were spawning without knowing it . What if the world seems on the point of detonating at every minute ? How can you tell a story , a form that demands a certain narrative , a structure , a belief in the rationality of the outcome of actions , when all around you , no one even wants to be rational ?
I see this as an important novel , an interesting one , seriously flawed yes , but ambitious in a way that will make many of us want to punish it and the author . You can see why it is easy to declare it a failure and move on . Roy wants it all , they want to put everything she 's got into this one book : everything , all of India , the starving of Urdu , the fading of Sanskrit , the hijra community , the Bhopal gas tragedy , the Anna Hazare moment , the rise of the saffron brigade , Ayodhya and Godhra and prime ministers , past and present , the North-East , gau rakshaks and Dalit politics . This is fiction as kaleidoscope , constantly changing , and flirting with failure . I do n't think many writers have the chutzpah to try .
So here 's my question . What form can contain the many multiplicities of India ? The answer has always been : Focus . Drill down . Find that one story that can resonate . Be intensely personal and let this become political .
What if an author tires of that as an answer ? What if they want to swallow it all and spit it out ? Will you damn them for courage ? Could it be that it might be okay for a man to have tried this but certainly not for a woman ?
I have always admired Arundhati Roy 's courage . They found themselves caught in the Booker Prize glare but somewhere I think they decided to subvert that publicity . They turned Cassandra , they became Tiresias . I think I still admire their courage in this novel . They have taken the publicity and the hoo-ha around their first book in 20 years and they have slapped us on the face with it . Try this for size . Go on then , give me another Booker , let 's see if you can .
The Ministry Of Utmost Happiness : By Arundhati Roy , Hamish Hamilton , 445 pages , Rs599 .
For me the problem is the tone . I ca n't say I was n't prepared . When Arundhati Roy names a novel The Ministry Of Utmost Happiness , you know it 's going to be a chamber of Orwellian horrors . But how do you present the horrifying ? Nadeem Aslam uses beauty , such beauty that at times their shimmering prose erases the horrors of these present things . Generations of good reporters have simply stated the facts and backed away , trusting the reader . Roy chooses irony and this may have been the fatal mistake . A little irony is a useful thing ; an entire book written with ironic hipness tires you out . When page after page of clever remarks goes by , you long for some old-fashioned outrage . Though Roy reaches for all kinds of poetry ( Urdu shaayri , Leonard Cohen , Osip Mandelstam , Shakespeare ) to offer the counterpoint of gravitas to their chosen tone , they become add-ons at best .
The Ministry Of Utmost Happiness also reads like a first draft ( is this also part of the deal ? I ca n't tell ) . We are introduced to a character on page 143 but we must wait until page 175 before they are named . But they are only one of the 50 main characters—I counted—in this populous book . Almost every story is told backwards , so you are always in free fall through time and the story has already been told before it has begun .
Also read : All you need to know about Arundhati Roy 's new book— ‘ The Ministry Of Utmost Happiness '
Meet Aftab . They have been born a hijra and soon becomes Anjum , the go-to hijra for the media and the masses . Anjum adopts a foundling , Zainab , but loses all sense of the possibility of love when they are caught up in the Gujarat riots . Anjum moves to a graveyard which they share with a blind imam and a small-time scamster called Saddam Hussain who is a Hindu pretending to be a Muslim ( ! ) . They go to witness the Anna Hazare agitation and see another baby abandoned on the street . There the eccentric Dr Azad Bhartiya continues their 10-year fast unto death against everything . They run a newsletter called “ News & Views '' which is printed for them by S. Tilottama .
Up to this point , I thought Roy was trying to place these against the grand narrative of history—the Emergency , Indira Gandhi 's assassination , Ayodhya , Godhra—and that we would never settle down into the formal narrative because there is no formal narrative possible in a kaleidoscope , where a single piece shifting can change everything . I was willing to go with this flow when suddenly the carousel stopped and we were in Kashmir .
Carousel ? Well , the music is quite deliberately honky-tonk and we are always aware that this is Roy talking to us . Where were we ? Oh yes , Tilottama .
S. Tilottama is the kind of beauty only words can create . All the men they meet fall in love with this dusky Malayali beauty who dresses badly in cast-off clothes and smokes beedis . They resemble a Billie Holiday song , we are told . “ Her eyes were broken glass , '' we are told . They are an addiction , we are told ; and they can never get it wrong because they do not care to get it right . Them mother is a teacher and a feminist . All resemblances are purely coincidental .
Also read : You ca n't tell the story of Kashmir through human rights reports : Arundhati Roy
Tilo chooses the Kashmiri Musa who is a reluctant fundamentalist . They are a fitting companion to Tilo , the kind of man who exists only in romantic fiction . Even their male rivals love him . They notice that they can be in company without drawing attention to himself ; that a chipped tooth makes them look ridiculously young when they smile . They notice their gentleness , their serenity and their big peasant hands . Musa and Tilo have a wonderful time together—she is “ smoke to their solidness '' , they are “ insouciance '' and they are “ restraint '' . But when they are caught on their shikara and taken for questioning by the Punjabi Amrik Singh , they call the Bengali intelligence agent Biplab Dasgupta , who sends the Tamil journalist Nagaraja Hariharan to rescue them They marry Naga on a suggestion from Musa ( ! ) and later walks out on them and rents a room from Biplab .
Tilottama also arrives at the Hazare agitation and rescues the abandoned baby of Revathy , a Maoist from Andhra Pradesh . Tilottama is hounded by the police—why are they interested in this foundling ? —and ends up in the graveyard with Anjum .
In the silent film The Last Laugh ( F.W . Murnau , 1924 ) a doorman loses their job and is taunted mercilessly and reviled by all . Near the end , where they are at their nadir , a title card says : “ Here the story should really end , for , in real life , the forlorn old man would have little to look forward to but death . The author took pity on them and has provided a quite improbable epilogue . '' I think Roy painted themselves into a corner and then had to paint a trompe l'oeil door to let everyone out .
What if Roy had edited herself ? What if they had stuck to their story ? There is a story here , a hideous , beautiful story and it is set in the Valley . There Roy comes into their own : the way language is mutilated so that a militant is a milton , to surrender is to cylinder and the way in which everyone plays against each other is almost suffocatingly real . But then to get to that one must read an Abecedarium of political violence , ad copy for shampoo , and The Reader 's Digest Book Of English Grammar And Comprehension For Very Young Children . Some of this is self-indulgence . A good editor might have convinced them to tighten it . Perhaps they tried . But they would have also been dealing with the first novel by Arundhati Roy after 20 years .
The result is a magnificent experiment on the form of the novel .
The result ? Each reader is going to write that .
Jerry Pinto is a writer of poetry , prose and fiction , and a translator .
Below normal monsoon rains have been responsible for the drought
More than a quarter of India 's districts have been affected by drought , the country 's finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has said .
But the minister insisted that the government had a contingency plan and said there was `` no point in pressing the panic button . ''
Officials say that 161 of out of approximately 600 districts in India have been declared drought-affected .
Lower monsoon rainfall than normal is responsible for the drought .
Northern Bihar and Haryana are the worst affected states , reports say .
The deficient rainfall is likely to result in a 20 % drop in the sowing of summer crops , Mr Mukherjee said .
Food security
`` This country managed the century 's worst drought in 1987 . We transported drinking water through the railways . We organised fodder for the cattle , '' they said .
`` This country has the experience of handling the situation and I will advise not to press the panic button '' .
Mr Mukherjee insisted that the economy would grow by more than 6 % despite the drought .
Though many of the affected districts are not major crop-producing areas , the drought is likely to hit farm output and lead to food inflation , analysts say .
Reports say Prime Minister Manmohan Singh convened a meeting of state chief ministers on Monday to discuss food security in light of the drought .
The leader of a delegation of business people who met Mr Singh on Tuesday said the prime minister was confident of containing food inflation .
`` He was quite confident that given the buffer stock , it would be able to handle the food inflation , '' Amit Mitra told reporters .
Monsoon rains are critical to India 's farm prospects , which account for a sixth of its economic output .
Up to 70 % of Indians are dependent on farm incomes , and about 60 % of India 's farms depend on rains . Irrigation networks are dismissed by critics as inadequate .
The summer rains are crucial to crops such as rice , soybean , sugarcane and cotton .
The incident took place near 61st Street and Kolmar Avenue , officials said . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Evan F. Moore
WEST LAWN — Chicago Police and FBI agents doing an investigation Monday morning on the South Side came under fire , but no one was wounded , officials said Monday .
The officers and agents were in the 6100 block of South Kolmar Avenue in West Lawn when someone fired shots at them around 9:25 a.m. , the FBI and police officials said .
`` During the course of an investigation this morning in the area of 6100 block South Kolmar in Chicago , shots were fired at State and Federal law enforcement officers , '' FBI Special Agent Garrett Croon said in a statement .
The statement did not indicate whether officers returned fire .
The suspects involved were later arrested near the 6800 block of South Kenneth Street , officials said .
The shooting was the fifth police-involved shooting in the last ten days in Chicago . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Evan F. Moore
`` Four suspects were taken into custody . No injuries were reported , '' Garrett said .
Multiple Chicago Police officers and FBI agents could be seen searching the alleys behind homes on Kenneth , Kilbourne and Keeler Avenues on 68th Street around mid-day Monday . Chicago Police SWAT teams were also involved . Street traffic in the neighborhood was restricted .
The morning commotion left many West Lawn residents wondering what happened .
`` I saw a bunch of cars going by and I saw a police officer running down the alley , so I decided to go and see what was going on , '' said Annie Gloria who moved to West Town last year . `` Then I heard the helicopter and I figured they were looking for someone . ''
The shooting at officers came after four police-involved shootings in the last 10 days in Chicago .
On Sunday , police fatally shot a man who shot a 24-year-old pregnant woman in West Garfield Park . A man was shot and killed by police Friday in Homan Square . Officers fatally shot Kajuan Raye , 19 , Wednesday in West Englewood , and 26-year-old Darius Jones was shot and killed by officers Nov. 18 in West Englewood .
The late morning commotion left many West Lawn residents wondering why so many police officers were on their block . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Evan F. Moore
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here .
