Unemployment in Germany continued to decline in February 2017
The unemployment in Germany continued to decline in February 2017 . The seasonally adjusted data of the Employment Agency show that the number of unemployed decreased by 14,000 to 2.59 million people , while economists had expected a decline of 10,000 people . Thus the share of unemployed remains at 5.9 % which is the lowest value since German reunification .
In eastern Germany the decline amounted to 6,000 people and in the West amounted to 8,000 people .
“ Developments in the labor market continue to be positive ” , said the president of the Nuremberg-based National Employment Agency , Frank-Juergen Weise . “ The number of unemployed decreased in February , employment , where pay insurance is significantly higher level than a year ago , while demand from companies for new employees continues to be a high level ” , added he .
The business confidence in the Federal Republic is improving , there is also an acceleration in activity in industry and services . This supports forecasts of the central bank the Bundesbank that economic growth in Germany will be strengthened in the first quarter . In its monthly report , the central bank noted that labor market conditions are favorable and the filling of vacant positions will become more difficult .
In the wake of the deadliest mass shooting in our country 's history , the National Rifle Association said it was open to regulate bump-fire stocks , devices that allow semi-automatic weapons to reach automatic rates of fire of between 400 and 800 rounds per minute .
The Las Vegas shooter outfitted 12 semi-automatic weapons with these accessories , allowing them to spray many hundreds of bullets at concertgoers in just nine minutes .
ADVERTISEMENT
When the NRA seemed willing to acknowledge possession of these lethal devices should be restricted , many wondered whether the gun lobby was finally softening its stance against commonsense gun safety laws .
Unfortunately , it appears this was just a tactic to delay taking any action at all .
A week after its initial statement , when the news was no longer dominated by the stories of the 58 people killed in Las Vegas , the NRA showed its true colors and announced its opposition to bills introduced in the Senate and House to ban bump-fire stocks .
The NRA 's categorical opposition followed the gun lobby 's finely-tuned playbook : express openness to change , then work to kill any momentum for change as the victims ' faces fade from media coverage .
Republicans who support a commonsense ban on bump-fire stocks must not allow the NRA 's intransigence to dissuade them from moving forward on this small but necessary fix to our nation 's gun laws .
Let 's review how we got here .
There 's a long history of laws to ensure civilians do n't have automatic weapons . That 's because there is widespread recognition that the only purpose of automatic weapons is to kill as many people as possible , in as short a time as possible .
Strict laws were put in place after the St. Valentine 's Day Massacre in 1929 when Thompson sub machine guns were used to kill seven gangsters in Chicago .
In 1986 , Congress passed the Firearms Owners Protection Act . The bill loosened some restrictions on weapons identified in the 1968 Gun Control Act , but also imposed a new ban on the possession and sale of automatic weapons .
Even while easing restrictions on most guns , allowing interstate sales of long guns and removing requirements to record ammunition sales , Congress agreed that civilians should not have automatic weapons .
The 1986 law defined automatic weapons by their ability to automatically fire a continuous number of rounds by holding down the trigger . Unfortunately , new technology has made this definition largely obsolete , creating a giant loophole in a law .
Accessories like bump fire stocks now allow semi-automatic weapons to achieve a fully-automatic rate of fire without needing to hold down the trigger . Due to this technicality , these devices do not run afoul of the law .
To avoid changing the law to fix this loophole , some Republicans and the NRA have called for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to reclassify bump-fire stocks in order to subject them strict regulations .
But the ATF made clear in a 2010 letter to a leading weapons manufacturer and again in a 2013 letter to Congress that it lacks the authority to regulate bump fire stocks under the Gun Control Act or National Firearms Act .
The agency detailed that bump-fire stocks are legally not considered machine gun conversion devices and “ are not subject to the provisions of federal firearms statutes . ”
The ATF Association , an organization comprised of current and former ATF employees , has denounced attempts to blame the agency for not banning bump-fire stocks , writing to Congress that the accessories are “ engineered to avoid regulation under federal law . ”
Since expressing its opposition , the NRA has suggested our narrow bill is overly broad in scope and blurs the line between semi-automatic and automatic weapons .
This is false .
Again , the legal definition of an automatic weapon relies on the fact that the operator must only press the trigger once to fire continuous rounds . Our bill specifically bans bump-fire stocks and dangerous trigger cranks , but it does not ban other accessories like competition triggers or custom stocks .
Only devices that mechanically increase the rate of fire would be affected .
Even if the ATF were able to regulate bump-fire stocks , federal regulations would not be enough . The Las Vegas shooter passed background checks and legally purchased their weapons . That means merely regulating bump stocks would n't have necessarily prevented the gunman from outfitting their weapons as they did .
While it 's true that the Las Vegas shooter would still have been able to buy dozens of assault weapons even if a ban on bump-fire stocks had been in place , they would not have been able to fire the same number of rounds in just nine minutes .
An audio analysis showed that the gunman fired nine rounds per second—540 rounds per minute . They simply would n't have been able to achieve the same fire power without bump-fire stocks .
Our legislation would make crystal clear that going forward Congress is banning all devices that allow a weapon to achieve an automatic rate of fire , regardless of how a weapon is altered .
Such legislation can and will save lives , and Congress should act as soon as possible . It 's been just two weeks since 58 concert goers were gunned down . We owe it to them to not just move on .
Feinstein is ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee .
The entertainment industry is littered with shorthand terms and silly idioms , ranging from the purely practical ( cute-meet , button gag ) to the more abstract in nature ( jumping the shark ) . I 've got an addition that is somewhere in between - horse farts . The etymology of horse farts is quite literal . Two years ago my writing cohort – I 'll call them Mr . Sprinkles to protect their identity – and I were working on a comedy script that featured a scene involving a horse-drawn carriage . The producers did n't think the scene was as humorous as it could be , so they added a running gag in which every time a character said a specific word , the horses pulling the carriage farted loudly . They thought it was genius , so this comic gold fungally spread beyond what we came to dub the “ horse farting scene ” and into any and every scene featuring a horse . I make no bones about the fact that I make my living writing low-to-no-brow comedies , but the shear go-for-broke pointlessness of this “ gag ” rubbed me the wrong way . Mr . Sprinkles and I tried to get the horse farting out of the script , but it 's hard to make the case that something is “ too stupid ” when you 're writing a ridiculously stupid movie to begin with .
We may not have walked away with our dignity , but we did get a spiffy new term ! For us horse farts are uncreative , exploitative jokes added to a script by the producer or director to “ punch up ” a scene – adding a fart is almost always a horse fart , as is excessive Juno-style slang , and ADR jokes added in post-production are the devil 's horse fart playground - but it 's a broad concept . Horse farts are really anything added by someone else to your work - be it a script , essay , song , blog , whatever - designed to get cheap , easy reactions for the audience . Hell , it could even happen right here if my editor decided this article did n't have a punchy enough ending . They might insert one final childish joke that seems sorta out of place . Anyhow , horse farts have caught on with Mr . Sprinkles and my screenwriter friends . Now I pass it along to you lovely , handsome people . May you never need to use it ! Titties and Racial Slurs !
The chances of the Liberal Party gaining the one and only seat it can this election improved on Tuesday when the postal vote tally moved in favour of Liberal candidate Julia Banks in the Victorian seat of Chisholm .
Until Tuesday morning , Ms Banks was leading the ballot in the seat by 65 votes on a two-party preferred basis , holding it with a margin of 0.05 per cent .
By the evening , after four hours of postal votes being counted , their margin improved to 0.1 per cent and they were leading by 85 votes .
Chisholm Liberal candidate leads the race in the seat which could be the only gain for the party this election . Eddie Jim
Ms Banks said they were still very much in a `` holding pattern '' waiting for the result . They said she 'd spent the last few days meeting and thanking personally them supporters .
The former lawyer said they had `` certainly been in touch '' with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull since Saturday , over the tight margin .
News in Science
Kepler spots 'perfectly aligned ' alien worlds
Perfect worlds Astronomers have confirmed that our solar system is n't unique , after the discovery of a planetary system that is as flat and orderly as our own .
When NASA 's Kepler space telescope started finding planets at odd angles to their parent stars , scientists wondered if our solar system 's tidy geometry , with the planets neatly orbiting around the Sun 's equator , was an exception to the rule .
That idea can be laid to rest thanks to an innovative use of the Kepler data which aligned three planets circling the Sun-like star Kepler-30 with a giant spot on the star 's surface .
The study showed the trio of planets orbiting within one degree , relative to each other and relative to the star 's equator . That finding is an indication that Kepler-30 , like our own solar system , formed from a rotating disk of gas .
`` The planets themselves are not all that remarkable - two giant Jupiters and one super-Earth - but what is remarkable is that they aligned so perfectly , '' says astronomer Drake Deming of the University of Maryland .
`` The dynamics of the system are important for the possible development of life , '' they say .
The alignment of the Kepler-30 brood is the most precise found yet .
The Kepler telescope is studying about 150,000 Sun-like stars for signs of Earth-like planets . Multi-planet systems would have to be somewhat aligned to fall into the telescope 's narrow and deep field of view .
Kepler 's targets are all hundreds to thousands of light years away .
Future missions to probe stars closer to Earth most likely would need a wider-angle view , so using starspots as reference points could be a valuable tool for homing in on systems geometrically similar to ours .
`` By chance , and because we have good data on our hands , we came up with the idea to measure obliquity ( slant ) with spots , '' says lead researcher Roberto Sanchis-Ojeda of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The research appears today in the journal Nature .
Michael 's Dispatches Guncotton in Syria
Details Published : Monday , 11 November 2013 17:35
11 November 2013
Guncotton used to launch homemade artillery .
War has shattered Syria . Heavily armed government forces will stop at nothing to destroy opposition to retain power . The government uses airstrikes , artillery barrages , and tanks against its own people .
Assad 's army is literally scorching the earth under the feet of women and children . If Assad 's Air Force has a single rule of engagement , the rule seems to be never to waste a bomb . This abject cruelty has led to a brutal war that eclipses Iraq and Afghanistan combined .
While the Syrian government uses heavy weapons , many opposition fighters scramble for ammunition and to invent homemade cannons , large catapults , and giant slingshots that launch grapefruit-sized grenades .
Rebel lights guncotton with cigarette .
In 1845 , German chemist Christian Schoenbein used cotton , water , nitric and sulfuric acids , and invented guncotton . Schoenbein 's guncotten was meant to be a military propellant yet it was so sensitive that it was prone to kill users .
Soon , guncotton was forgotten as a cannon propellant , in part for the danger . Today , Syrian rebels have gone back to basics , including making guncotton and their own artillery pieces and ammunition .
Earlier this year , the US government warned that al Qaeda may use clothing dipped in a liquid explosive and then dried , which is virtually undetectable by current means . Officials did not mention the explosive .
Was it guncotton ? After all , the stuffing of a fluffy winter jacket could be replaced with guncotton , as could all the clothes in a carryon bag . It might not be long before cotton balls and cotton diapers are considered as threatening as baby formula . The US government uses “ could ” to justify global eavesdropping and other power grabs .
This video was made by a courageous 21-year-old Syrian war correspondent named Omran Morad :
Video : Omran Morad
Writing : Michael Yon
Translation to Arabic : Suhaib Ghoutani
( Note : I viewed the entire video sequence and asked an editor to cut dead space . The small transitions are apparent . The fuse on the closest cannon failed to light on the first try . A transition skips the relighting of the fuse . )
Share
“ Is that the robot ? ” says a voice at my back . “ Is that the robot ? Is that the robot ? Is that the robot ? Is that the robot ? Is that the robot ? ”
Behind me , a Florida-orange senior citizen , in their orange blazer , wearing orange earrings , an orange bead necklace , and a white summer fedora , stands on the tip-toes of their orange leather loafers to get a better look at the weird scene unfolding in front of the crowd in the lobby of Lincoln Center 's Alice Tulley Hall in midtown Manhattan .
“ Yes , ” I tell Orange Woman . “ The one sitting down is a robot . The one standing up is the guy who made them … er … it . ”
“ Oh ! ” they say . “ I could n't tell the difference . ”
“ Gemanoid HI-2 , ” as it 's called , is an exact replica of its eccentric creator , Dr. Hiroshi Ishiguro . Same hair . Same all-black shirt and pants . Same little necklace . The only discernable difference between the two is that , while Dr. Ishiguro tells jokes , Mr. Gemanoid sits silently , slightly cross-eyed , blinking and jerking its head , with the eternally confused look of someone who suffered a paralyzing stroke while contemplating the ethics of Westboro Baptist Church .
In a tripod contraption next to Gemanoid hangs another of Ishiguro 's creations – a demented Casper the Ghost with all the charm of an aborted fetus . Its legs are a fused-together chunk . It has no hands , holes in place of ears , and the Mona Lisa smile of something undead . Ishiguro calls it Telenoid , an android designed with human-like features , but without all the pesky details that save onlookers from missing out on cold-sweat nightmares .
“ Well , that 's just wonderful , ” says Orange Woman . “ It 's so lifelike ! ”
“ If you think that 's impressive , ” I say , “ wait ‘ till you see David Hanson 's android head . It 's supposed to be the most realistic android ever created . I hear it 's amazing . ”
These are the conversations you have at the second annual Global Future 2045 International Congress , a lavish two-day event organized and self-funded by 32-year-old Russian Internet magnate Dmitry Itskov for the explicit purpose of promoting an “ evolutionary strategy ” of the human race – a strategy that , if its proponents are right , concludes with the lot of us uploading our consciousness into machines , to live for eternity .
The launch of the 2045 Initiative , of which GF2045 is but one piece , began after Itskov had a “ spiritual transformation ” several years ago , they say . And from this transformation , they emerged with the fundamental belief that the only way to save humankind from destroying our planet and ourselves is to change humanity itself – by fostering the science and technology that will let us become , you guessed it , immortal cyborgs .
Their complex PowerPoint slides are entirely in Russian , “ But you can guess what it says , ” they say to the crowd . It 's unclear if he 's joking .
Soft-spoken , bashful , yet endlessly enthusiastic about their cause , Itskov gathered 30 elite speakers with a range of disciplines , from Harvard geneticist Dr. George Church to X-Prize Foundation founder Dr. Peter Diamandis to Google engineering director Ray Kurzweil , all of whom are , in one fashion or another , moving us toward the realization of Itskov 's dream that we become god-like machine-people by the year 2045 .
It 's audacious – some have called it crazy – but to hear these pedigreed brainiacs tell it , the plan might just work .
The conference kicks off at 9am on Saturday morning with a heavy dose of fear mongering by Dr. James Martin , the stereotype of a British intellectual , who emcee Philippe van Nedervelde introduces as “ the greatest living patron of the sciences , ” and “ Oxford University 's largest benefactor in 900 years . ”
A tenacious pessimist , Martin takes the GF2045 crowd through a series of “ paradigm shifts , ” from the beginning of human suffering , through wars and poverty , through famine and global climate change , to a future in which we all burn alive in a desert of our own greedy creation .
“ This century , the 21st century , is a make-or-break century , ” says Martin . “ There are some very dangerous things happening . And if we do n't get it right – if we do n't control climate change before it becomes a runaway tipping point , if we do n't do that , then it 's going to be very dangerous for many of us . ”
Martin goes on like this for nearly an hour , providing overwhelming proof that “ a crunch is coming ” – that we do , in other words , need to become cyborgs . By the end of their talk , I 'm frightened and exhausted and it 's far too early to start drinking .
Mercifully , Martin 's recipe of ruination is quickly washed away by the next speaker , “ Big History forecaster ” and Russian Academy of Sciences Senior Research Fellow Akop Nazaretyan .
Big History explores the scientific transformation of nature and society through a range of disciplines , from biology to the humanities . Nazaretyan 's theory is that human intellectual activity is so powerful , it can change the physical shape of our universe – at least , that 's what I think they are talking about . Their complex PowerPoint slides are entirely in Russian , “ But you can guess what it says , ” they say to the crowd . It 's unclear if he 's joking .
The first three-hour block of speakers caps off with a barnburner by technology entrepreneur , best-selling author , and Singularity University co-founder Dr. Peter Diamandis . They woo us with the expert salespersonship of a motivational speaker into believing that , despite what supreme downer Dr. Martin says , things are looking up for ol ' humankind .
“ We as humans are far better at seeing the negative , dystopian futures than the positive ones , ” says Diamandis . “ We see the dangers far , far away . But ultimately , we do have the power to solve them in advance . And we do , over and over again . ”
Transhumanism is n't on their “ immediate focus horizon. ” And that 's coming from a man whose current business endeavors include mining asteroids in space .
There is a reason this man has more money than God . By the end of their speech , I feel downright chipper .
Despite Diamandis ' unwavering assertion that future technologies will set us free from the shackles of doom , they do n't once mention Itskov 's goal of cyborg immortality – the whole reason we find ourselves at GF2045 . The omission seems odd , almost suspect . So , I catch up with them in the lobby to ask how their vision fits in with Itskov 's .
“ It 's all a blur of the same thing , ” they say with a yada-yada tone . “ The end result of abundance is enabling people to have a better life , with less struggle , and to fulfill their objectives , and having to – you know , literacy , health , clean water , food , and so forth . ”
Diamandis , who appears a little annoyed that they allowed themselves to be cornered by a relative peon , says that , while “ transhumanism – as in uploading your brain ” is “ eventual , ” it 's not on their “ immediate focus horizon. ” And that 's coming from a man whose current business endeavors include mining asteroids in space .
After a quick coffee break , the next few hours before lunch lumber by , with talks from our quirky roboticist , Ishiguro ; and UC Berkley scientists Dr. Jose Carmena and Dr. Michel Maharbiz , who have developed ultrasound-powered “ neural dust ” for next-generation brain-control prosthetic devices – an advancement so wild it almost makes you wish for a traumatic brain injury .
During a roundtable discussion , neuroscience pioneers Dr. Mikhail Lebedev and Dr. Theodor Berger discuss the ins and outs “ manipulating memories ” into 1s and 0s , and the future ability to transplant human brains into other vessels . Just when things start to get weird , Itskov appears on stage to make their big pitch .
There are people “ literally dying right now ” who could be saved by brain transplant technology , they say . Which is why he 's launching a lab in the U.S. to develop this kind of life-saving “ humanitarian ” technology – the kind of technology that business people should get in on while it 's still young .
“ It would be a huge breakthrough , ” says Itskov . “ The partnership could be different . Businessmen could probably give their name to the project , to save the history , and to have their own avatar once the [ science has evolved ] . ”
As if to sell their transhumanist future even harder , out comes real-life cyborg Nigel Ackland , a former precious metals smelter from England , who was fitted with a Bebionic3 artificial hand – the most advanced prosthetic on the market – after half their right arm was crushed in an industrial blender . For Itskov , he 's a masterstroke of marketing genius .
Ackland 's new hand and forearm contain sensors that detect muscle movement in their upper arm , which translate into movements of the Terminator-like fingers . Depressed and overweight , Ackland once felt like their life was over . The hand , they say , has made them human again .
“ … People would tend not to come and talk to me , they would tend to keep away from me , they would tend to move me almost to the edges of society , ” says Ackland . “ Now , everyone just walking around today has wanted to shake my hand . ”
You can almost see the tear ducts and wallets in the audience open up .
Our elation is soon tampered by a strange announcement : Roboticist David Hanson , who is scheduled to debut “ the world 's most advanced android ” – a robotic head designed to look identical to Itskov , packed with a remote controlled “ telepresence ” interface – after the lunch break is still “ tinkering ” on the device at their home , and will not present until the next day .
Tinkering ? I recall a conversation I had with Hanson in March , more than two months earlier . “ The time schedule is fantastically short for this particular project , ” they told me . “ I mean , we basically received this commission about a little less than two months ago . So we 're talking about a very , very short time frame for making a redesign of the human-scale technology to improve it , customizing it to be Dmitry , and then bringing together the best of our technologies available to achieve a remote control version of Dmitry . ”
But he 's coming , I think . They have to . Not only is Hanson 's creation one of the primary reasons I 'm here , it 's the one concrete proof Itskov has to show that their ideas are n't just grand theories and big talk . Tomorrow , I tell myself . Tomorrow .
The next morning , the King Transhumanist himself , Ray Kurzweil , schools us on all forms of science and technology : Mobile phones , quantum physics , Moore 's Law , health care , 3D printing , brain mechanics , the full gamut . Despite all their wisdom and knowledge , however , the most notable thing they say – besides disputing the prominent theory that the brain is a quantum computer – is that rich early adopters , like those who bought the first cell phones , are idiots .
“ Twenty years ago , only the rich had [ cell phones ] . They did n't take it out of their pockets – it was a brick ! ” Kurzweil explains . “ It did n't work very well , but that was a signal that this person was a member of the power-elite . Only the rich have these technologies when they do n't work . ”
By the end of their talk , I 'm frightened and exhausted and it 's far too early to start drinking .
The crowd – most of whom are male , many of whom appear to be rather similar to the fools Kurzweil talks about – gives this a hearty round of applause .
Save for a fascinating talk by Dr. Berger about their ability to recreate rat memories on transplantable microchips , and Dr. Church 's explorations into the human genome , the rest of the talks drone on with the kind of scientific complexities that only a PhD student can love . Quantum consciousness , mapping the brain 's connectome , whole brain emulation , reverse engineering the brain . It 's all riveting , but I struggle to stay awake , exhausted by the sheer intricacy of this future that they insist is inevitable . And besides , I 'm just waiting around for 2pm , when a GF2045 PR woman told me Hanson and their nifty Itskov-borg are supposed arrive on stage .
By 3pm , I begin to worry . I run to the front desk , and interrupt the PR woman .
“ Any idea on when Hanson is getting here ? ” I ask .
“ Well , their plane just landed at La Guardia , ” they say . “ But I do n't have confirmation on that . It depends on traffic , but maybe 4:30 ? ”
Back in the auditorium , the conference begins to devolve into a shitshow , as the religious portion of the event picks up steam . Dr. Amit Goswami delves into the “ consciousness and the quantum. ” Swami Vishnudevananda Giri gets too new-agey for comfort , with talk of the relationship between “ Vedic culture and cybernetic technologies . ”
People begin to pull out their laptops and tablets . The group next to me laughs openly at the speakers on stage . The clock , of course , keeps ticking – 4:00 , 4:30 , 5:00 . By the time the religious roundtable begins at 5:30 , I know my dreams of seeing the most advanced android on the planet will not come true . Hanson has missed the ship to the future .
As soon as Dmitry finishes their closing remarks , I bolt to the lobby to find the PR woman packing away their computer , a perturbed scowl on their face .
“ So , did Hanson not get here ? ”
“ He 's backstage . ”
“ Backstage ! What happened ? ”
“ Apparently , Dmitry is n't very happy with it . It does n't work quite well enough to show on stage . I guess it does n't even look like him , ” they say , defeated . “ Dmitry made the decision . I 'm sure he 's very upset . ”
I rush back to the auditorium to try to catch Itskov before they go into hiding . But as I reach the doors , the event workers usher us all out into the lobby . The doors to the auditorium close . And I 'm left outside , circling the building , trying to find Itskov , trying to understand what just happened . But he 's nowhere to be found .
Two days later , an email arrives in my inbox entitled “ Android Head Statement. ” A statement from the android head ? Alas , it is just a comment from Itskov further hanging Hanson 's android head in shame .
“ We so appreciate the patience and support of everyone waiting for what we thought might be a concluding crescendo to the congress , ” writes Itskov . “ But just like many other technological advances , failure is sometimes a part of the road to success . While we had hoped to see the android head in full working order weeks ago , there were delays and it arrived in a much too premature condition to show to the public . We hope that we can show you something very soon . ”
Part of me roots for Itskov , a good man with laser focus and a strange hobby . I believe , as they do , that we humans will continue to free ourselves , inch by inch , from the prison of our imperfect biology through science and technology . But the bars between us now and an immortal cyborg future are thick and resolute . And in the meantime , as we pick at the locks , I 'll be scrounging up my shekels – there 's an asteroid mining company that seems like a safer investment .
A former Cleveland police officer charged with rape , kidnapping and felonious assault for allegedly beating and sexually assaulting their girlfriend is on the run after breaking their GPS ankle monitor .
To stay up-to-date with the latest breaking news , download the News 5 app .
The U.S . Marshals and the Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force is currently looking for Tommie Griffin III . An escape warrant has been issued and a reward is being offered for any information that would lead to the capture of Griffin . They are considered armed and dangerous . Anyone who has information is asked to call 866-4-WANTED .
`` We consider anyone who escapes , dangerous . At the end of the day if they escape they do n't want to go to prison , '' said U.S.Marshal Pete Elliott .
Elliott also encouraged Griffin to turn themselves in to the U.S . Marshals .
Their last known residence was in the 9700 block of Pleasant Lake Boulevard in Parma .
Griffin was arrested in January after their girlfriend said they entered their bedroom , attacked her , sexually assaulted them and fired two shots next to them They also said they pointed the gun at them and struck them several times on their face with their hands and the gun . They were treated at a hospital for their injuries .
That was just hours after service logs indicate Griffin called Parma police , agitated about another man at their `` ex-girlfriend 's '' house .
RELATED : Cleveland officer accused of beating , sexually assaulting girlfriend personnel files released
Police said they arrested Griffin without incident at a business in North Royalton . Police sources tell News 5 dozen guns were removed from their home at the time .
They were charged with rape , kidnapping , felonious assault , domestic violence , tampering with evidence , possessing criminal tools , pandering obscenity and telecommunications harassment . At the time , their bond was set at $ 250,000 .
According to electronic court records , Griffin 's bond was reduced on March 6 to $ 200,000 after a motion was granted by Judge Maureen Clancy . They posted bond on March 8 and was released from jail on March 10 .
The motion argued that since Griffin has extensive family ties to Northeast Ohio , they were employed with the Cleveland Police Department , they have limited financial resources and their mental condition is sound , they were not a flight risk .
They resigned from their position with the Cleveland Police Department the same day the motion was granted — on Feb. 27 . They were on unpaid leave from the time they were arrested until their resignation .
The prosecutor 's office argued in its motion of opposition that , due to the seriousness of Griffin 's conduct and the allegation that they fired a duty-issued pistol at the victim several times while in uniform , they should not be given a reduced bond .
As part of their bond , Griffin was required to wear a GPS monitoring device and not allowed to contact the victim . They were only permitted to leave their home for court appearances , probation appointments and verified medical appointments and was ordered to report weekly to the probation department to submit to drug and alcohol testing .
Griffin was booked back in jail on March 27 for violating the terms of their bond . According to the prosecutor 's office , they tested positive for alcohol .
They were released again on April 27 — this time with an additional monitor used for tracking alcohol .
When News 5 reached out to Judge Maureen Clancy for comment , they said they could not comment on an ongoing case .
Griffin was hired by Cleveland police on Feb. 1 , 1994 . Their most recent assignment was in District One on basic patrol .
Griffin 's personnel file , obtained by News 5 in January , showed a history of abduction , assault and abusing sick leave .
Griffin was caught in 2013 and 2016 misusing sick days . The first time , in 2013 , they were issued a three-day suspension after the department found they had used 27 days of sick leave and used 10 days of sick leave in connection with vacation days .
When Griffin was told by a superior officer to report to the medical unit , they failed to do so on two separate occasions and their behavior was described in the report as `` disrespectful and insubordinate . ''
Their next offense with sick leave was in 2016 when they used 100 hours of sick leave without proper documentation to the medical unit . They also failed to go to the medical unit and went AWOL . The department said they were insubordinate to a superior officer and imposed a six-day suspension as well as placing them on step one of the Sick Leave Abuse Program .
Griffin was suspended in 2011 for an incident in October 2009 when a female friend of Griffin 's accused them of restraining and assaulting them at their home in 2009 . They later pleaded guilty to the amended charge of criminal mischief . At that time they were suspended for two 10-hour workdays .
Griffin 's trial was set to begin Oct. 30 .
The Dewey Decimal system ca n't compartmentalize love and sex the way gay men can .
Like a lot of gay men , I seem to be stuck doing guys I do n't want to date and dating guys I do n't want to do .
Take this guy I met playing volleyball . We went up to block a shot and we both fell down . We had a `` Love Boat '' moment when I grabbed their hand to help them up . There were wedding platters in their eyes . There were bedposts in mine .
So we went on a date . Or rather , they went on a date . I went on a hunt . The guy was my type the way Arial is the New Yorker 's type : Easy on the eyes , making you impatient to get to the end . But as much as I liked them sexually , I did n't feel any other connection . And thus , I was hurled into the basic gay dating dilemma : Do you have sex with someone you 're physically but not emotionally attracted to ?
The answer , of course , is yes . Oh , God , yes . But the problem with bedding someone who wants a wedding is the pain created by mismatched intentions .
I remember them saying , `` Let 's do something , dinner , a movie . ''
`` I ca n't really do anything until eleven o'clock , '' I 'd tell him .
`` Well , you ca n't do anything at eleven o'clock at night on a weekday except have sex and go to sleep , '' he 'd say .
* '' Exactly , '' * I 'd say to myself .
And so , whenever they asked me out he 'd hear a knock on their door around eleven . Once your inner pig comes out , it 's hard to coax them back in .
They eventually broke it off , as they should have . I was n't the bad guy but I was n't doing them any good either . When you fall in love with someone who just wants to fall in bed it 's time to call it quits . I know ; I 've been on the receiving end of it , too .
Then there 's the other side : the guys you want to date but not do . They 're the worst . Because they make you realize what a nutcase you are .
Like this guy , `` Ted . '' I loved everything about them except their body . I tried to do the chick thing -- you know , have sex with a guy even though you 're not physically attracted to them because they 're kind and smart and loving and that 's what you want in a man so what 's a few minutes of Ugh-ness .
Well , it did n't take . I tried but I just could n't do it . I even invoked the `` Three Date Rule '' to buy some time to let my emotional attraction morph into sexual desire .
I do n't know how women do it , but if I 'm not attracted to a guy physically I ca n't have sex with them no matter how emotionally attracted I am to them . I guess that 's the main difference between men and women . For men , intimacy is a consequence of sex ; for women it 's a pre-requisite .
Maybe that 's why so many of us gay men are single for so long . If we could direct our sexual desire from physical to the emotional we 'd lead more fulfilled lives .
But how do we do it ? Too bad we ca n't call up biological electricians and have them re-wire us . The truth is that it 's beyond easy to find someone you want to date AND do . The problem is that those guys generally do n't want to date and do you .
When you 're gay , being single is never because you have n't found the right guy . It 's that your `` Mr . Right '' thinks you 're `` Mr . Fright . '' Poetic justice , really . For every man you reject there 's a man that rejected you . On and on , the cycle goes unbroken .
Dating would be so much simpler if our sexual desire obeyed our emotional attachments . Until they do , hope , like a certain body part , will spring eternal .
Women who are short on sleep may perform better the next day if they eat more peanut butter and spinach , according to a University of Pennsylvania study that shows vitamin E and antioxidants can improve spatial memory in the sleep-deprived .
`` If you know you will go through a period where you 'll be short on sleep , either you have to pull an all-nighter or stay late at work for the week , consuming more vitamin E may help you function better the next day , '' said Dr. Andrea Spaeth , a researcher on the study , vitamin E Intake Associates with Spatial Memory Performance during Sleep Restriction in Healthy Women , at the University of Pennsylvania .
The study of 41 people , including 18 women , showed that sleep-deprived women who consumed higher levels of vitamin E did better on a spatial memory assessment called the Visual Object Learning Task . That test is a proxy for things like driving directions or remembering where you put down your keys . Previous biochemical studies have shown that losing sleep can lead to a buildup of oxidated stress — free radicals that promote cell damage . Vitamin E is an antioxidant found naturally in leafy greens and other fat soluble foods ; it neutralizes free radicals .
The study did n't measure women who are pregnant or have recently had a baby , although they would likely be suffering from sleep deprivation and thus also need extra antioxidants , Spaeth said in an interview .
People on a really low-fat diet , who do n't eat nuts or certain vegetable oils , may also not be getting enough vitamin E , putting them at extra risk if they are sleep-deprived , said Spaeth . Them next experiment will be to test the effect on memory of subjects taking vitamin E supplements .
Still , despite the beneficial effects of antioxidants , Spaeth warned that sleep-deprived women should probably still avoid everyone 's favorite antioxidant , red wine , as alcohol generally makes it harder to recover from sleep disorders and dislocation .
`` The problem is red wine also contains alcohol , so , no , I would not say drink red wine when you are sleep deprived , '' they said .
That 's not a knife , THIS is a knife !
Turning over to the back of Alloy 's card we see a little of their bodyguard status start to show through . Back to the Shadows is a Character Trait seen previously on the likes of Jaecar and Minx and it allows for some very flexible repositioning ability . If Alloy sprints up the Pitch on a goal run and damages an enemy player along the way before burying a goal , they will get to make their Back to the Shadows movement before even considering whether they also want to spend [ 1 ] Momentum to use Run the Length . Additionally , because Back to the Shadows is Dodge movement , Alloy can use it to disengage from enemy players without taking a Parting Blow .
Alloy charging into an enemy Player that has possession of the ball is another good example of how useful Back to the Shadows can be . Alloy can Tackle the ball away before triggering the Dirty Knives Character Play from their Playbook . In this case Alloy has damaged the enemy using Dirty Knives , and so gets to retreat with the ball in their possession AND the enemy player has its DEF reduced by [ -1 ] ready for Iron or Sledge to come in and wreck face .
As with all Blacksmith pairs , there is an ability that links Alloy and Hearth on the Pitch . For Alloy that ability is their second Character Trait , Arsenal . Arsenal represents Alloy being on the receiving end of Hearth 's weapon throwing as Alloy can arm themselves with whatever weapons Hearth chooses to throw during each turn of a match . At the start of Alloy 's activation they can choose one of three benefits that will affect them until the end of that turn . Alloy can choose to have either a [ 2 ” ] melee zone , to gain [ +1/+0 ” ] KICK , or to gain Anatomical Precision . Three very handy benefits considering the type of player that Alloy is .
We mentioned earlier on about Alloy 's speciality in moving through enemy melee zones with a huge amount of Dodge movement . Adding the potential for a [ 2 ” ] melee zone into that mix makes Alloy even better at their specialisation as they can choose to Attack enemy players that have a [ 1 ” ] melee zone with being engaged by them in return . On the other hand , you may wish to take the Anatomical Precision option to make Alloy 's Attacks that much more efficient by ignoring [ 1 ] point of enemy ARM on each Attack . Suddenly the Tackle result that you were likely to hit becomes almost a certainty in a lot of situations , and the higher Playbook results like the Tackle & Double-Dodge suddenly are n't as far away as they would first appear . Alternatively , perhaps Alloy already has the ball and they just needs to give themselves the best possible chance of scoring a goal for the Blacksmiths , in which case [ +1/+0 ” ] KICK might be the optimal choice . There are also ways to combine Alloy 's abilities with those that already exist in the Blacksmiths Guild , such as Hearth using Use This ! to give Alloy a [ 2 ” ] melee zone allowing Alloy to choose to take Anatomical Precision from their Arsenal and have the best of both worlds !
Join us again in our next article as we discuss the fifth Master Blacksmith ! Tell us what you think of the Blacksmith 's Guild so far on our forums , as well as Facebook and Twitter !
I was trying to pirate a Metallica song on Audiogalaxy in 2001 when I discovered Iron Maiden . What song I was actually trying to download , I no longer remember but the one that I found myself listening to is etched in my memory : “ Hallowed Be Thy Name . ”
Could I have known then , as a thirteen year old , listening to that seven minute epic about a condemned man 's last night on earth , where this song would take me ? That I would see this strange band that I never heard of three times over the next seventeen years , across three different presidents ? Or that contained within that song would be many of the lessons that I would use to make my living as writer ?
I doubt it . But as I stood there watching Iron Maiden play last week in a sold out arena in San Antonio , next to the same friend I had first rushed to AIM to chat about my accidental discovery in high school , it was undeniably clear to me that nearly everything I learned as a writer either came from or was confirmed by this four decade old heavy metal band from East London .
As absurd as that sounds , the numbers do n't lie . There are worse bands to take as one 's model . Since 1975 , Iron Maiden has produced
16 studio albums
11 live albums
23 world tours
2,000 concerts in 59 countries
Over 90 million albums sold
5 number one albums
42 singles
15 million combined social media followers
And their top five songs on Spotify have over 230 million streams . That 's more than Prince , that 's more than Madonna . Even pop stars are blown away by this . Lady Gaga will say to people who would call them the ‘ next Madonna , ' “ ‘ No , I 'm the next Iron Maiden . ' ” They are , what we call in the entertainment business , perennial sellers .
The reason I admire Iron Maiden has never been about sales though . It is instead in how they achieved their success , and it would still be impressive if they 'd sold 1/10 of as many records . To think that this band has thrived for all these years without radio airplay , without MTV , without really ever having been on “ trend , ” is almost unbelievable . Iron Maiden performed for 250,000 people as the headliners of the Rock in Rio festival—twenty-six years after the band was formed . They sell their own beer , they tour relentlessly , and they do it in a Boeing 757 piloted by the lead singer .
The reason Iron Maiden has never been a radio band and the reason the band has survived through the decades are actually the same . And it was here that I learned one of the first and most important lessons in my career as a writer . Notice : there are essentially no Iron Maiden love songs , no ballads , and few short hard paced singles—three easy ways to appeal to the masses . Instead the great Iron Maiden songs tend to be based on historical characters or great works of literature . They 've got an 8 minute long song about Alexander the Great . They 've got a 8 minute long song about Paschendale , one of the most horrific battles of the First World War . They 've got songs based on lines from Shakespeare , the epic novels of Frank Herbert and the myth of Icarus . In choosing to root their music in these historical events , Iron Maiden were essentially banning themselves from mainstream radio . But this was a brilliant choice , because while almost nothing on radio lasts , is there anything more durable than the themes of Shakespeare or the Greek myths ?
I remember the first time I saw a live video of “ The Trooper. ” Bruce Dickinson , the band 's lead singer , began it by reciting a verse of the Lord Tennyson poem it was based on ,
Into the valley of death ,
rode the six hundred…
Cannon to right of them ,
cannon to left of them ,
volleyed and thundered
And what did the crowd of young headbangers do in response to hearing a 150 year old poem at a heavy metal concert ? They fucking lost their minds . I saw it in person too . It was unbelievable .
Why do I use historical stories in my books ? Why do I draw from poetry and myth and quote them liberally in my writing ? Because I like to , and because audiences remember stories better than fact but , mostly , I do it because of what I saw Iron Maiden do with them . I saw how the use of these great works makes the works based on them timeless and perennial . It 's very hard to do better than Tennyson or Coleridge ( a poem of whose Iron Maiden has a 14 minute song about ) , so do n't fight it . Embrace it . Incorporate their brilliance into your own work .
Is there a formula to Iron Maiden 's work ? Yes . It could probably be articulated as follows : Historical theme + slow intro + big riff + buildup to first chorus ( Steve Harris bass gallop ) + ( 1-3 ) guitar solo and an interlude in there somewhere = 5-7 minute bad ass song . Is it bad to stick to a formula ? Um , no . Not if it works . It took a lot of experimenting to find my own style , to figure out my own formula of historical stories and approach . But once I found it , I stuck with it . Because what I learned from Maiden is that formulas compound . It creates familiarity . It creates loyalty and timelessness .
Who cares what other artists are doing ? Who cares what fads are shaping the industry ? As Bruce would tell The Guardian , “ we have our field and we 've got to plough it and that 's it . What 's going on in the next field is of no interest to us ; we can only plough one field at a time . ”
Every writer should write that quote down and live by it .
If a stranger was suddenly introduced to Iron Maiden the first thing they would notice is the imagery . “ What is all this violent , scary , dark stuff ? ” they might say . But that 's the point : built into the music is a vivid universe of characters and artwork . The face you see most often is Eddie , who might be described as the band 's mascot . In truth , they are a sort of Zelig-like historical personification of the themes of the band 's work . The album “ Powerslave ” has Eddie as an Egyptian Pharaoh . “ The Number of the Beast ” has Eddie as the puppet master of the Devil . “ Somewhere in Time ” ( one of my favorites ) has Eddie has a sort of cyborg Terminator character . The single for “ Aces High ” has Eddie as an RAF pilot in the Battle of Britain .
In high school , I had an Iron Maiden shirt ( still fits ! ) for their greatest hits album which had almost every Eddie to date on it on a single shirt . Maybe it was when I was wearing it , or looking at the merchandise at the first Iron Maiden show I went to that I first realized the brilliance of what they 'd done . Not only had they built this artistic universe that enhanced the music , but in investing in the art they had created a generation of walking billboards for their work . And the billboards were so good people would pay to wear them !
With the covers of my own books , I 've always tried to go much bigger than other authors might like to go . I do n't want to do silly clip art covers . I want iconic imagery . I want things that jump off the shelf ( tell me the cover of Trust Me I 'm Lying does n't do that ) . I learned from Iron Maiden that fans do n't resent the creation of products around a band—if the products are awesome , they 'll beg for them . When we created the memento mori coin based on The Daily Stoic and the print we did inspired by one of my favorite Marcus Aurelius quotes , that was a lesson I learned from Maiden . Make something awesome . Invest in delivering a ton of value . Put it out there for your fans .
There was something related to this that I learned more directly from Bruce Dickinson . I remember reading in high school that Bruce had taken time off from the band to become an Olympic-level fencer , that he 'd written books , done solo stuff , had a radio show and then , as if that were n't enough , become a professional airline pilot . A lot of writers get stuck being writers . The more they write , the less capable they become of doing literally anything else . It 's like our muscles atrophy because of the specialization . I never wanted to be that . I want to be like Bruce . I want to live an interesting life . I want my day job as a writer to , in some ways , be almost the least impressive part of who I am .
I put up some stats from Iron Maiden above , but the one that impressed me most—that impressed a lesson on me the most—was n't how many albums they 've sold . It 's how many they 've made : 16 studio albums . 42 singles . 11 live albums .
How has Iron Maiden lasted through the years ? It was n't just by making great work—it was by making a lot of it . Think about Woody Allen—he does a movie nearly every year , and has for decades . They explained that they go for “ quantity ” as a way to get to quality . “ If you make a lot of films , ” they said , “ occasionally a great one comes out . Films never come out in the end how you expect them to at the start. ” I think Iron Maiden is the same way . It was through prolificness that they created greatness . Not every song is perfect , some are forgettable . But I remember reading an old interview where other 80 's artist was making fun of Maiden in the 90 's for still putting out new stuff—just play the hits like we do , they were saying .
Thank God they did n't listen to that idiot . Some of Iron Maiden 's best songs ever are on “ Brave New World ” ( released 25 years after band was formed ) and “ Dance of Death ” ( 28 years ) . Any time a writer or any artist has success , it 's easy to be intimidated by it , or to be made complacent by it or to give in to the fan 's reverence for the past . It 's better for your art and your career to put those feelings aside , to keep trucking along , to keep making stuff . You never know what 's going to come out the other side .
Artists who work hard , that 's who I admire . There is almost nobody working harder in heavy metal that Iron Maiden . In 40 years , they 've performed more than 2,000 concerts in nearly 60 countries . That will introduce you to a lot more fans than radio ever will . Do the work . Hit the road . That 's how you build a career that lasts .
Ten years into mine , I sometimes get tired , but I know I have a lot further to go . Maiden taught me that .
Ryan Holiday is the best-selling author of Perennial Seller : The Art of Making and Marketing Work that Lasts . Ryan is an editor-at-large for the Observer , and they live in Austin , Texas .
He 's also put together this list of 15 books that you 've probably never heard of that will alter your worldview , help you excel at your career and teach you how to live a better life .
Boseman , Chadwick Boseman .
Louis D'Esposito , the co-president of Marvel Studios , grinned as a group of journalists sat down in a Disney screening room Monday night . “ The first thing you 'll be seeing , ” they told us , “ is Lupita taking out some bad guys . ”
The executives at Marvel Studios are known for playing their cards close to the vest , but every so often , when you know you 're sitting on a winning hand , you ca n't help but show off . That 's why the studio summoned reporters to the Disney lot in Burbank to tease several of the movies coming from Marvel 's wildly successful cinematic universe , including Thor : Ragnarok , Spider-Man : Homecoming , Ant-Man and the Wasp , and Captain Marvel . Aside from a full screening of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 , by far the biggest sneak peek the studio offered was an extensive look at Black Panther , which wraps filming in Atlanta tomorrow and is due out February 16 , 2018 .
As we watched dailies of Oscar winner Lupita Nyong ' o ably somersaulting through a Black Panther action sequence , D'Esposito beamed . While the fight choreography was straight out of the Marvel playbook — you could imagine Scarlett Johansson 's Black Widow going through many of the same motions — as Nyong ' o flung themselves into the scene with steely commitment on their face and a vivid green shroud wrapped around their body , the footage carried with it an undeniable X factor . That 's exactly the sweet spot the studio hopes to hit with Black Panther : The film has to be familiar enough to fit into Marvel 's ever-expanding cinematic universe while also offering enough spark to jump-start its own singular franchise . A tricky task , but to judge from some of the stunning things that D'Esposito and their colleagues showed off last night , it looks like Marvel is on the right track .
Directed by Ryan Coogler ( Creed , Fruitvale Station ) , Black Panther picks up the story of T'Challa ( Chadwick Boseman ) after their well-received introduction in Captain America : Civil War . As they come to grips with the death of their father , the former king of their African nation Wakanda , T'Challa must return home and succeed him . Despite the presence of several strong allies in T'Challa 's corner — including Angela Bassett as their mother , Queen Ramonda , and an all-female group of elite bodyguards known as the Dora Milaje — they soon finds that it 's not easy to be a head of state and a superhero at the same time , especially when the nation is threatened by several villains including the dangerous Erik Killmonger ( Michael B. Jordan ) .
Coogler was wooed for months by Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige before they accepted the Black Panther directing gig ; in part , I 've heard , because Coogler wanted to be sure they could put their own personal stamp on the film . Many of the Marvel movies are shot , composed , and edited by the same in-house people , but Coogler wanted to bring over several of their own trusted collaborators , including co-writer Joe Robert Cole , composer Ludwig Göransson , and cinematographer Rachel Morrison . ( Indeed , with Black Panther , Morrison becomes the first woman to shoot a film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . )
That unique sensibility appears to have paid off . Black Panther does n't look like any of the other Marvel movies , and it should n't if it wants to pay proper tribute to the impact of the first black superhero in mainstream American comics . Let 's start with the costumes by Oscar nominee Ruth E. Carter , making their Marvel Studios debut . Whether T'Challa is spending their downtime in a dashiki or the Dora Milaje are marching in warrior suits of rich brown and gold , Carter has found a remarkable way to merge centuries of African culture with the particulars of superhero pop . I died and came back to life when I saw the first footage of Angela Bassett as Ramonda , the actor resplendent in a shimmering honey robe with an enormous headpiece that would send every Sunday church lady home to start over . Let 's be honest : If Angela Bassett is your mother , you 're beginning the superhero sweepstakes on third base , but T'Challa will still have their work cut out for them to earn any attention next to Bassett 's queen at their most fierce .
Then there 's the fictional setting of Wakanda , which trades the prosaic metropolitan cities of most Marvel movies for something exciting and new . T'Challa 's wealthy nation strikes a balance between high-tech futurism and verdant nature , suggesting an African grassland where technology can enhance what the earth gives us instead of plundering it . We saw dailies and concept art of an African tech castle with a driveway filled by sleek airships , a glowing Vibranium waterfall , a futuristic Wakanda Design Center where T'Challa goes to visit their sister Shuri , and a shot so striking — T'Challa , deep in the forest , regarding an old tree draped with a dozen panthers — that it 's been painted as a mural in one of the studio 's most highly trafficked hallways .
Still , the most exciting thing about the way Black Panther looks is who it presents as powerful . At a time where too many superhero movies are led by blandly handsome white men named Chris , Black Panther celebrates a cast made up almost exclusively of dark-skinned black actors , most of whom rarely get to headline a live-action movie of this size despite their more-than-evident talent . If the movie succeeds on the worldwide scale of most Marvel entries , it will refute the notion espoused by many Hollywood executives that black films “ do n't travel ” ; more importantly , if it 's a creative breakthrough that launches a new mythology and coaxes underrepresented audiences to dream bigger , it could become a black Star Wars .
Also , the characters fight giant rhino-mechs , Lupita battles with killer discs , and I 'm pretty sure I caught Danai Gurira 's character flirting with another member of the Dora Milaje . If this is what the future of superhero movies looks like , deal me in .
You 're right . Life is totally meaningless . We live . We wake up . We eat . We do whatever work it is that we do . We use the restroom a few times . We move from place to place . We hold a few conversations in between . We spend time with a few people . We try a few things . And at the end of it all , we die .
So what 's the point ?
I had trouble seeing the point of living . It got so bad that I figured that I would write a letter to my ex saying goodbye . I did n't want anything to do with life anymore . All my hopes and dreams ? I failed at every single one of them .
All that was left for me was a grave that was six feet under . Actually , probably not even a grave since I did n't have life insurance or any money at the time , so I would have probably been cremated on the government 's dime . Those ashes would have flown away in the wind with an entire world to travel through .
A much more exciting life , would n't you agree ? Those ashes getting to travel the entire world , while we stay complacent in our own bodies with nothing to do but face the misery and disappointment of each and every single day .
I had a chance to live that life . The chance to have my ashes flow throughout the world . But I passed it by and gave this life a second shot .
Things did n't go as smoothly as I thought they would . Actually , I take that back . They went a lot smoother than I thought they would , because I thought nothing would have happened in my life . I thought I 'd be forever miserable and alone and have to live through the rest of my life without purpose .
Living without purpose .
That is okay .
I did it myself . I had no purpose . I had no reason to live . I did n't even know why I was still alive , except for the fact that my ex made me hang onto another day . That they snapped me out of the decision to end everything . That they made me continue living .
But it made me wonder .
How in the world did I get to this point ?
How did I get to the point where I wanted to give up on everything ?
Why did I hate life so much that I wanted to end it all ?
Much like how a mechanic strips down a vehicle to find that exasperating tick that only appears at 55mph , I stripped down every single detail of my life .
I went back , year by year , clawing away at all the events I had in my life . I looked at action and reaction . I identified each and every flaw I could . Then I went searching for the root cause of it all .
I needed to get rid of that tick . That tick that drove me crazy each time I got in my car , or in this case , the driver 's seat of my life .
What was causing all this pain ? All this misery ? All this hopelessness ?
Then I discovered it .
The root cause of all my problems
The reason why I could never get up to move ahead
The reason I kept continually trying to take shortcuts
The reason I could n't see the bright side of life
The reason I held on so tightly to my absolute worst misery
I 'll be fair here . It was n't just one problem , but it was many problems . I started to address these issues one by one , to see where they stemmed . They were all deep rooted from tragic events in my life , such as when my grandfather had forgotten me due to Alzheimer 's , how my grandma used to beat me , how my grandmother disowned me , how my parents abandoned me as a child , how I failed financially and so forth .
I worked on these problems , not all of them , but most of them . I started to take a deep dive into how I felt .
The easiest example for me to highlight would be my finances .
I lost everything financially multiple times . Back in 2001 after the twin towers were hit , my mother had to sell all the furniture in our home . Our cars were repossessed . We could n't afford anything except rice and egg once a day .
Later in 2007 , I tried to start my own business and went into $ 50,000 of debt . I tried to get out of it in 2008 by selling real estate and working at an investment fund . Both companies went bankrupt so I remembered how I initially felt when I lost everything . It was so much harder to get back up and try again . The fear of the memories of pain of getting into debt to begin with held me back from being able to move forward , so I stayed in bed and wallowed in my fears .
In the end of 2009 , the startup I worked with afterwards fell apart . I had no clue what else to do , so because I held on to the pain of the first few financial failures , I gave up . I turned to drinking each night . I tried to get out of my situation , but it was n't a bold attempt . It was just trying to get up and get out , but in reality I just gave up . I knew what was to come and I let it happen .
I started showering in the dark . I started taking my microwave out into the hallway to microwave food . Then when I had my eviction notice , I thought it was over . Time for me to go live under a bridge .
I lost all hope . I had nothing . No motivation . No drive . No reason to move forward . But my grandmother let me live with them
Afterwards , I found the courage to try again and move out , yet I failed again . And again . And again .
The same thing happened to my confidence , my love life , my relationship with my family and everything else I had in life . And that 's what led me to the moment where I was ready to end everything .
There was a cycle that continued to happen . The actions I continued to take kept leading me down to a path . A cyclical path where the ultimate demise was failure .
But what was it that kept causing me to cycle back into failure , each and every time ?
Was it the events of my life ?
Was it the outside influences ?
Was it the people around me ?
Was it the people I worked with ?
Was it the people I loved ?
Or was it me ?
As hard of a pill it was to swallow , after taking that year to reflect , I came to realize that the underlying issue of all these issues : finances , relationships , love , family , passion , goals , work , life , everything… The underlying issue of all this was me .
Something was deep rooted within me that caused me to fail . In fact , the actions I took led me to failure . Because subconsciously in my mind , I felt I did n't deserve what I thought I wanted , so I self-destructed on the path to obtain them . Or I remembered a similar tragedy from the past and thought the new experience would lead to the same outcome . Or a distraction would get in the way that made me decide to take shortcuts . Or an outside influence would have told me that I was n't good enough , so I believed it , and I wanted to get to where I wanted to go faster .
No matter what I did , I failed . That is , until I found out what the underlying issues were . I went back to the very beginning . I started analyzing why I was acting the way I did .
Was it because I was hurt by someone in the past ?
Was it because I experienced something similar and was scared of this happening again ?
Was it because I was n't loved ?
Was it because I wanted something and would take shortcuts to get it ?
Was it because I was completely scared of something I wanted so I gave up on it ?
Was it because I thought I wanted something , but something inside me told me I did n't want it because of other signs , so I just sabotaged it ?
I thought everything through , then went back to the very beginning . Within the engine , I started by changing out the oil , then I changed the spark plugs , then the piston rings , then the timing belt , the engine mounts and finally , the head gasket .
I had to go through and change out every single part of myself and replace it with a better version for my vehicle to work . For that engine to run without that tick . But it was n't going to happen unless I processed all the information , went through it all and put it together .
But once I had it figured out , I was able to move forward .
For me , these problems were rooted from deep tragedies in my life , such as forgetting how my grandfather had raised me , being selfish because I was scared of being hurt , taking shortcuts to try to earn more money because that was all my ex cared about , screwing people over because I was hurt so badly that I stopped caring about people and cared about money instead and so forth .
I went in and went to the very beginning , the first event that began the series of tragedies . I started to examine what happened . I took myself out of the picture and examined the event as a spectator . I played it out as a movie . I looked at it from all angles , without any emotional connection that would convolute my judgment . Then I realized that these beginnings were n't tragedies at all , but travesties . They were false , absurd and distorted representations of what had happened that were drowned within my emotions .
Or they were just events I completely forgot because I was so scarred by the moment , such as when my grandfather had passed away and I forgot who they are .
Once I began to understand these events , I was able to see them differently . When I was able to see them differently , I was able to frame them differently in my memories . Or to let go of the burdens that held me back . And I was able to break free from the grasps of my own mind , which had it set out for me to fail .
And I was able to finally stop living in the past . To stop living in fear . To stop holding onto what did n't matter . To stop being sad and depressed . And to start move forward .
But you ca n't just fix something and expect these problems to never occur again . Just like how a car needs to be routinely maintained , so do you .
Recognizing this , I started to change my habits .
I started a regular sleeping schedule so my mind had enough rest each day and would n't start to short-circuit
I started to eat at regularly scheduled times to ensure I had the energy I needed to get through the day
I stopped living in the past and instead used the lessons I learned from it to better myself in the present
I stopped living in the future because there would be no future unless I focused on the present instead
I went on a 10 minute walk in the morning to get in touch with nature and start the movements within my body
I started to think about a few things I was grateful for each morning to stop my negative self-talk and to initiate positive conversations instead
I started to write out my thoughts so I could get a better understanding of my situations
I started to tell the people who mattered to me how much they meant to me and that I appreciated them
I started to forgive people who wronged me because if I did n't , I would n't ever be able to move forward and put the events in my past
I started to give back to others so I could create a world of abundance
Then I started to eliminate all my expectations so I would never face disappointment
This worked and worked well , because not only was I able to get out of the toxic cyclical mess I was in , I was able to propel my life forward faster than I would have ever imagined .
I propelled myself so far forward that my income skyrocketed , my friendships grew stronger and my reputation became impenetrable .
But at the same time , I 'm human , so I got lost along the way . And I did n't fix absolutely everything within myself , such as my deep rooted abandonment issues , that were caused by a father who left me , a mother who let me live with my grandparents , a grandfather who passed away , a grandmother who disowned me , a mother who left me to fend on my own .
Or the relationships I lost in the past due to my other shortcomings , such as taking them for granted , holding things against them , dealing with impostor syndrome or whatever else it may have been .
All these issues resurfaced because at some point in my life , I stopped doing my routine maintenance , or my daily habits . I was n't as consistent as I should have been and focused on the wrong things , such as the future and having expectations .
And this has caused more problems in my life that I need to work on overcoming . But it 's also put me in a mood to where when I see a question like what 's the point of life ? I have to question it myself .
What is the point of life ?
If you ask the people closest to me , they will tell you that the purpose of my life is that I have a responsibility to the people who look up to me
If you ask my friends , it 's what we can do to have the most fun on any given day
If you ask my business partners , they will tell you that the purpose of my life is to teach them how to do whatever it is that I have been able to achieve
If you ask my employer , it 's to showcase brilliant research and developments in the world of medicine
If you ask the people who look up to me , they will tell you that the purpose of my life is to inspire others
If you ask someone who is seeking an answer , it 's how we can lift each other up and better improve our lives
But if you ask me…
The point of life changes each and every single day .
One day it 'll be to eat cupcakes . Another day it will be to look at the squirrel climbing up the tree . The next it 'll be to give someone a hug . Or it 'll be to share my insights with a media outlet . Or to speak in front of thousands . Or to hit a goal or major milestone . Or to go out and celebrate .
Then the next it will be to tell someone precious in my life how much I love them . And on other days , the point of life will be to cry . Or to wonder why I 'm even here . Or to examine my insecurities . Or to wonder if I 'm worthy or not . Or to wonder if I deserve to be loved or not . Or to ask someone who means the world to you what you need to do for them to trust you . Or to question why I did n't end it all when I had the opportunity to do so back in the end of 2011 .
Or to ask the same question you asked…
What is the point of all of this ?
Some days , I find an answer . Some days , I do n't .
But that 's just how life works .
You pose a question .
You get an answer .
But no two days are exactly the same . So there 's no way the answer is ever exactly the same either .
So what 's the point of living life today ?
There may not be one , but there could be one tomorrow . And there 's only one way to find out…
And that 's to survive…
Just for another day…
Then another…
Then another…
Until that moment arrives where you get a spark of inspiration and make a decision to figure it all out .
Today , Samsung is announcing a new variant of its Galaxy S4 more suited to the great outdoors . The phone has a high degree of dust and water protection ( IP67 ) , allowing it to be submerged in water up to a meter ( about three feet ) deep for up to 30 minutes . Inside , the phone has the same 1.9GHz quad-core processor and 2,600mAh battery , nestled behind a 5-inch 1080p LCD screen , rather than the AMOLED display of its less robust cousin .
The company has n't been shy about cranking out different versions of its flagship phone . Just last month , Samsung announced a not-quite-Nexus edition with stock Android 4.2 software , and earlier this week launched the Galaxy S4 Mini — a 4.3-inch device with a Super Amoled display and a meager 8GB of internal storage . So far there 's no word on price or availability for the newest addition to the family , but we 'll update as soon as we hear anything .
tsort Initial release 1979 ; 40 years ago ( ) Operating system Unix and Unix-like Type Command
The tsort program is a command line utility on Unix-like platforms , that performs a topological sort on its input . As of 2017 , it is part of the POSIX.1 standard . [ 1 ]
History [ edit ]
According to its info [ 2 ] page , this command was initially written for providing an ordering of object files that allowed the linker to process them sequentially ( each one exactly once , and in order ) . The FreeBSD manual page dates its appearance to Version 7 Unix . [ 3 ]
Note that the following description is describing the behaviour of the FreeBSD implementation of tsort and mentions GNU features where they may exist . Other implementations or versions may differ .
Syntax [ edit ]
tsort [ -dlq ] [ FILE ]
Options can be :
-d turn on debugging -l search for and display the longest cycle . -q Do not display informational messages about cycles .
GNU provides the following options only :
-- help display help message and exit -- version display version information and exit
Behavior [ edit ]
tsort reads its input ( from the given FILE , or standard input if no input file is given or for a FILE of '- ' ) as pairs of strings , separated by blanks , indicating a partial ordering . The output is a total ordering that corresponds to the given partial ordering . [ 4 ]
In other words : for a directed acyclic graph ( used as a dependency graph ) , tsort produces a listing of the vertices so that for all edges ' a- > b ' , ' a ' comes before ' b ' in the listing .
Examples [ edit ]
tsort lists the vertices of a directed acyclic graph in such an order that all ordering/direction relations are respected :
$ tsort < < EOF > 3 8 > 3 10 > 5 11 > 7 8 > 7 11 > 8 9 > 11 2 > 11 9 > 11 10 > EOF 7 5 3 11 8 10 2 9 sample DAG
tsort can help to rearrange functions in a source file so that as many as possible are defined before they are used ( Interpret the following as : main ( ) calls parse_options ( ) , tail_file ( ) and tail_forever ( ) ; tail_file ( ) calls pretty_name ( ) , and so on . The result is that dump_remainder ( ) should be defined first , start_lines ( ) second , etc . ) :
$ cat call-graph main parse_options main tail_file main tail_forever tail_file pretty_name tail_file write_header tail_file tail tail_forever recheck tail_forever pretty_name tail_forever write_header tail_forever dump_remainder tail tail_lines tail tail_bytes tail_lines start_lines tail_lines dump_remainder tail_lines file_lines tail_lines pipe_lines tail_bytes xlseek tail_bytes start_bytes tail_bytes dump_remainder tail_bytes pipe_bytes file_lines dump_remainder recheck pretty_name $ # note : 'tac ' reverses the order $ tsort call-graph | tac dump_remainder start_lines file_lines pipe_lines xlseek start_bytes pipe_bytes tail_lines tail_bytes pretty_name write_header tail recheck parse_options tail_file tail_forever main
BSD UNIX uses tsort as a common part of the typical ar & ranlib command invocations ( from /usr/share/mk/bsd.lib.mk ) :
lib $ { LIB } .a : $ { OBJS } $ { STATICOBJS } @ $ { ECHO } building static $ { LIB } library @ $ { AR } cq $ { .TARGET } ` lorder $ { OBJS } $ { STATICOBJS } | tsort -q ` $ { ARADD } $ { RANLIB } $ { .TARGET }
Usage notes [ edit ]
Notice the interchangeability of white space separators so the following inputs are equivalent :
a b b c a b b c a b b c a b b c
Pairs of identical items indicate presence of a vertex , but not ordering ( so the following represents one vertex without edges ) :
a a
Strictly speaking there is no topological ordering of a graph that contains one or more cycles . However tsort prints a warning and GNU tsort prints the detected cycles to standard error ( lines beginning with 'tsort : ' ) :
$ tsort < < EOF > a b > b c > c a > EOF UX : tsort : INFORM : cycle in data tsort : a tsort : b tsort : c a b c
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ `` tsort '' . The Open Group Base Specifications Issue 7 , 2018 edition . The Open Group . ^ https : //www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/tsort-background.html ^ http : //www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi ? query=tsort ^ https : //www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/manual/html_node/tsort-invocation.html
Further reading [ edit ]
manual page of tsort on
There has been a spate of strange sightings on Mars of late . And going by latest reports , a huge shape similar to Buddha statue has been spotted on the Red Planet .
Now , UFO Sightings Daily , involved in researching on aliens , claimed to have seen a giant statue of Gautam Buddha on Mars .
Also Read : New Horizons team reveals fascinating , mysterious Pluto findings in first science paper
UFO Sightings Daily also claim that Martians knew all about religion and believed in life after death .
“ This photo alone should be enough to convince the United Nations that intelligent life once existed on Mars . NASA does n't want anyone to know the truth , because they will be asked to share the info and technology that they have found , ” said Scott C Waring of UFO Sightings Daily .
According to Waring , the statue has breasts and a plump stomach and shoulders .
Also Read : Spectacular images of Saturn 's icy moon Enceladus from Cassini spacecraft
Earlier , alien hunters alsom claimed to have seen Obama 's head , a ghostly woman and a military bunker on Mars .
Other things recently spotted on the Red Planet include - a floating spoon , a space crab and a Martian version of Stonehenge .
They were an expert pickpocket who would steal a man 's diamond stickpin , using their well-known fainting trick , without batting an eye . But they were also mentally ill , suffering periodic bouts of insanity so intense that it was impossible for doctors or hospital attendants to control them In the grip of one of these attacks , which sometimes occurred at night , they had been known to break every window they could reach while screaming profanities at the top of their lungs . Them mood swings were intense — they were calm one moment and crying hysterically the next . By July 1911 , officials in Nebraska were faced with the vexing question of what to do with “ Fainting Bertha ” Liebbeke .
Bertha was born in Council Bluffs , Iowa , in March 1880 to William and Mary Liebbeke . William was a cobbler and an immigrant to the United States from Germany . Mary was born in Switzerland . Bertha 's parents met and married in Pottawattamie , Iowa in 1870 . The Liebbekes had nine children and seven of them , including Bertha , lived to adulthood . William died in 1896 .
Soon after their father 's death Bertha was diagnosed with Saint Vitus Dance ( now called Sydenham 's chorea ) , an infectious disease that results in uncontrollable twitching and jerking movements of the victim 's face , hands and feet . Them diagnosis was likely what caused them to be sent to the Iowa Institution for Feeble-Minded Children in Glenwood . Possibly due to age restrictions they were transferred to the Iowa State Hospital for the Insane in Clarinda , where they remained for less than a year .
Between hospitalizations Bertha claimed they were seduced by a man named Gunther who schooled them in the art of “ larceny from the person. ” Despite their psychiatric problems , they were an excellent student . Not only was they good at getting the goods , they developed a unique approach to their profession , taking full advantage of their blond-haired , blue-eyed good looks and stylish appearance . Bertha would get into a crowd of people and swoon . The gallant gentleman who came to their rescue by catching them got a reward they are n't expecting — their pockets were picked . It was done so adeptly that most did n't realize their loss until Bertha was long gone .
Bertha became notorious . They took trains to all the big midwestern cities , robbing train conductors and passengers along the way . They not only robbed individuals , they used their nimble fingers to steal from large department stores , such as Marshall Field & Co. , in Chicago . Them photo was said to be in every rogues ' gallery in the Midwest by the early 1900s . It was reported that three times they had plans to marry , but the engagements were broken when they could n't stop thieving . Despite all that , they looked pleased as punch to be photographed by the Nebraska State Penitentiary , as inmate # 5693 , for their undated mugshot .
Unfortunately for hospital and prison officials , Bertha was not only good at stealing cash , watches , furs and jewelry , they had a talent for lifting keys and picking locks . By 1907 , she 'd been housed in seven separate Midwest penitentiaries and asylums and she 'd escaped a dozen times from those institutions . She 'd attempted suicide at least once . Back and forth between hospital and penitentiary they went . No one wanted her , but the question of what to do with them remained .
They were sent to the Asylum for the Chronic Insane in Hastings , Nebraska . At Hastings , three physicians from the Nebraska State Insanity Board examined them as part of a report to the governor , Chester Aldrich , in 1911 . The following description of Bertha was part of their report .
The evidence ( is ) that they have delusions or hallucinations as shown by them talking to imaginary persons and having the sensation of insects creeping under the skin . Immediately after physicians left them they became violent , which is a daily occurrence , running up and down the hall , bewailing their condition and position , running from one room to another to evade the physicians and berating them because of their belief that they would not look after them welfare .
The doctors were n't sure of whether or not Bertha was insane , but they were unanimous in their opinion that they needed to be in a hospital , not a prison . The governor disagreed and sent them back to the Nebraska State Penitentiary to finish their latest sentence , specifying that “ special quarters ” be provided for them
After their release from the penitentiary , in 1913 , Reverend Charles W. Savidge of the People 's Church in Omaha offered them a home in the church . A safe room was prepared for them and someone from the congregation was available to be with them at all times . The congregation prayed for them and they renounced their bad ways . With the help of religion , Bertha 's “ modern devils ” might be cast out ! The experiment did n't work and the congregation gave up on them By 1914 they were in custody in Milwaukee on a charge of vagrancy .
They were sent to the Lincoln State Hospital For Insane in Yankee Hill , Nebraska . They fell out of the news until 1919 , when they attacked a nurse , throwing formaldehyde at the woman 's face and partially blinding them We can only guess at what treatments Bertha endured in an effort to control their violent outbursts . They lived in the asylum for over 20 years and died there on May 5 , 1939 .
Them obituary in the Lincoln Evening Journal noted , “ When arrested they would readily admit what they had done , and would gloat over men being easy marks . At the hospital it was reported that they had been a very difficult patient , and had caused the authorities much trouble . ”
Featured photo : Bertha Liebbeke , carte de visite mugshot . Collection of the Nebraska State Historical Society .
Malcolm Jenkins shed some light on Doug Pederson 's coaching style Monday when asked about Mike Lombardi 's comments blasting Pederson .
Lombardi , a former NFL executive and TV analyst , said over the weekend that , `` Everybody knows Pederson is n't a head coach , '' and added , `` He might be less qualified to coach a team than anyone I 've seen in my 30-plus years in the NFL . ''
Lombardi , a one-time Eagles front office executive , is not currently employed by an NFL team .
Pederson is , and Jenkins eloquently came to their coach 's defense Monday , as the Eagles began their preparation for Sunday 's season-opener against the Redskins .
`` I think he 's on the right track , '' the Pro Bowl safety said . `` I think they know and understands that this is a players ' league and so a lot of the ownership and a lot of the responsibility for wins and losses around here falls on the players . He 's willing to allow us to have input on where we see the team going . They lean on their leadership a lot , keeping the pulse of the locker room , and I think those are things in my experience that make really good head coaches .
`` Guys that can give ownership to the players and have them buy in just as much as the coaching staff , and then your players will follow you anywhere . I think he 's off to a good start . He 's definitely got a good grasp of the locker room , good relationships with their veterans , so I 'm excited about it . ''
Pederson , whose only previous head coaching job before last year was at the high school level , played for four teams in their NFL career and was the Eagles ' opening-day quarterback in 1999 . They were on Andy Reid 's coaching staff both with the Eagles and Chiefs before replacing Chip Kelly as the Eagles ' head coach after the 2015 season . The Eagles went 7-9 last year after a 3-0 start .
`` Any coaches , you understand whether they 're a veteran coach or a rookie coach , they have to establish a culture , and that 's the hardest thing to do , '' Jenkins said . `` Usually there are two methods of doing that . Some are authoritarian , where they say , 'You 're out of here ( unless ) you do it my way . ' And then there 's some that just build it organically , where they 'll kind of grab the hearts of the veterans , and once you have the veterans in the locker room and have the leadership following you , then the rest of the team will come along .
`` I think Doug took the latter of that , and they really made a concerted effort to really have a relationship with the leaders on the team , and that in turn kind of set a culture pretty quickly . ''
Jenkins said Pederson meets weekly with the Eagles ' leadership council to discuss concerns the players have and also concerns Pederson and their coaches have .
`` He 'll sit down with the players , with leadership , and we 'll be able to take any concerns that we have as leadership or from the team and bring it to them or vice versa , '' Jenkins said . `` So we 're always on the same page . We always have input and we always feel responsible for everything we do . ''
DCS World Future Dear Pilots ! 2015 was an important year for DCS World with the introduction of new Eagle Dynamics modules like DCS : L-39 Albatros , DCS : NEVADA Test and Training Range Map , and both Su-27 and Ka-50 campaigns . Just as important , we launched our new graphics engine , the ability to support multiple maps , introduction of cooperative multiplayer in the same aircraft , and a rapidly growing number of high quality 3rd party developers . These accomplishments have laid the foundation for great things in 2016 and beyond . We also launched the new DCS World website that you can view here : www.digitalcombatsimulator.com On both our Youtube channel and Facebook page , we released many new videos of modules and news updates . Here are some of our favorite highlights : Our fundamental goals for DCS World remain unchanged : we aim to build a deeply immersive and accurate world simulation engine that allows you to enjoy the highest levels of fidelity in aircraft operations from WWII onwards , in wonderfully detailed and varied areas of the globe while offering an ever more credible ground simulation experience . DCS World 2.0 in 2016 will offer new clouds and weather effects ; improved HDR ; deferred lighting ( more light sources ) ; new FLIR system ; an improved Air Traffic Control ( ATC ) system ; enhanced explosions , over-wing vapor , and rain on canopy ; procedural grass and vegetation ; improved multiplayer with dedicated server support ; a new Air Combat Generator with enhanced user control of air-to-air generated missions ; new custom overlays option for the Mission Editor , and a new Virtual Reality ( VR ) tab in Options which will improve the DCS World experience in VR . Aircraft Modules Eagle Dynamics 's first goal in 2016 is to wrap up the L-39 Albatros with the addition of the L-39ZA version along with the addition of interactive training missions . We will also continue to improve the cooperative multiplayer experience in the L-39 as a testbed for this technology . In parallel we continue to work on the F/A-18C Hornet . We are currently working on the cockpit and setting up its functionality . Later in 2016 we plan to release the Hornet as an `` Early Access '' product that will allow you to participate in early testing . Our goals for DCS World War II remain unchanged and are still focused on a stable of WWII aircraft in addition to a 1944 map of Northern France with period ground units . We hope to finish the Spitfire IX in mid-2016 followed by the P-47D at the end of the year . We will also continue to fine-tune the P-51D , Fw 190 and Bf 109 . To complete the update to all DCS : Flaming Cliffs 3 aircraft , we plan to add a new 3D external model for the MiG-29 with the incorporation of the Professional Fight Models ( PFM ) to both the Su-33 and MiG-29 . In the first half of 2016 , several new 3rd party aircraft modules will also be launched . These include the F-5E Tiger II by Belsimtek , the SA342 Gazelle by Polychop Simulations , and the AJS-37 Viggen by Leatherneck Simulations . Map Modules DCS : NEVADA Test and Training Range Map is being enhanced with the addition of : Tonopah Air Force Base
New casino/hotels in the Las Vegas strip
A number of airfields and landing strips in the central ( detailed ) portion of the map
The National Training Center ( NTC )
Improved grass and ground clutter
Plus a host of minor improvements We have also been working on the DCS : Strait of Hormuz Map with the primary focus on F/A-18C operations . For this release we are working on our new T5 dynamic mesh terrain technology that we believe will bring this map a new dimension in quality and detail . The third map being worked on is the 1944 Northern France Map . We see this period map as a cornerstone element to create an immersive World War II air combat experience . Aircraft Carriers We see 2016 as a big year for aircraft carrier operations as we plan to release both Nimitz-class aircraft carrier and Kuznetsov-class aircraft carrier modules . Both of these modules will be incredibly detailed models with working elevators , interior hanger bays , animated ship systems , and the ability to walk around inside the ships . These will be optional modules that would replace the existing ships currently in DCS World . New Campaigns As we release maps and aircraft , we will also continue to offer new campaign modules . These will include both training and combat scenario campaigns . Summary We see 2016 as a very exciting time for DCS World with the growth in maps , aircraft , and features . When we include all the new aircraft and map modules being developed by our talented 3rd parties , 2016 will be an exceptional and fun time in the skies of DCS World . Sincerely ,
The Eagle Dynamics Team
`` I do think they have to be mindful of the siren song of these establishment republicans , many of whom were n't really for him , many of whom actually , probably voted for Hillary , some of whom actually tried to undermine their campaign ... I really think the greatest danger is from their own party . Do n't get co-opted by the establishment republicans who really do n't share your mission . ''
-- -Roger Stone on why republicans are the greatest danger to Trump 's Presidency
Longtime advisor to President Trump , Roger Stone , joined Kilmeade & Friends to discuss their latest book is `` The Making of the President 2016 : How Donald Trump Orchestrated a Revolution '' .
Stone spoke about how former President Richard Nixon knew Donald Trump would be successful in politics after their meeting at a Yankee game in 1989 , why the President needs to worry more about the establishment republicans than democrats and their belief President Trump would not have been able to defeat President Obama in 2012 .
Plus , Stone explained why Russia preferred President Trump over Hillary Clinton , their belief that Senator Ted Cruz 's father was linked to Lee Harvey Oswald and the assassination of President Kennedy and why FBI director James Comey ca n't be trusted .
Watch here :
Mazie Butler Ferguson , 72 , remembers picking cotton for neighbors in 1964 so they could take time to study for a reading test they needed to pass before they could register to vote . This year , the Greensboro , North Carolina , resident found themselves on a new front in the battle for ballot access .
Election officials in Guilford County , home to half a million people , opened a single polling site compared with 16 four years ago , with no weekend voting , except for the Sunday before Halloween . As a result , the number of ballots cast was down at one point by 90 percent compared with a similar moment in 2012 .
“ We struggled so hard for them to open early voting and we wanted souls to the polls every Sunday , ” said Ferguson , who is a Baptist minister . “ We were able to get them to give us one date . ”
North Carolina has been at the center of a pitched conflict over ballot access that began several years ago in Republican statehouses . It shifted to courtrooms and is now being waged at polling places in the final days of the 2016 election . Democrats are filing last-minute court challenges and drawing attention on the campaign trail to what they say are Republican efforts to suppress votes . On Thursday , a federal judge ruled that Republican poll watchers ca n't travel freely throughout Pennsylvania to monitor the voting , as party leaders had urged .
Speaking to a crowd at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill on Wednesday , President Barack Obama characterized the state 's voter identification law as “ one of the worst voter-suppression laws in the country – here , in North Carolina . Not back in the 1960s , now . ”
Hours before they spoke , Obama 's Justice Department warned state election officials to stop improperly purging voters from the rolls . A lawsuit this week by the NAACP claimed those officials were illegally striking voters if letters mailed to their address were returned .
Kim Westbrook Strach , executive director of the North Carolina State Board of Elections , defended the law . “ Challenged voters receive due process prior to any cancellation , ” they said in a court filing Wednesday .
North Carolina is just the starkest example of such skirmishes . In recent days , a voter-rights group in Texas sued county officials for hanging polling-place signs that said a photo ID was required , even though a federal court struck down that requirement months ago . In Wisconsin , officials have been accused of cherry-picking early-voting sites based on the perceived leanings of the electorate . In Ohio , rights groups waged last-minute challenges to rules that allow counties to dismiss provisional ballots for reasons such as names written in cursive rather than print .
“ Getting a win in the courthouse is really only the first step toward there being any difference on the ground for voters , ” said Jennifer Clark , counsel for New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice , which studies election laws .
This year , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has tried to rally volunteer poll watchers to forestall what they call a “ rigged ” election and Democrat Hillary Clinton has warned voters to beware of intimidation . In Pennsylvania , a judge has granted Democrats a hearing – the day before the election – for their lawsuit accusing Trump aide Roger Stone of plotting to disrupt Philadelphia voting .
“ The partisan conflict over election laws and procedures has been ratcheting up over the last 15 years or so , ” said David Kimball , political science professor at the University of Missouri-St. Louis . “ It 's just ratcheted up another level , particularly in swing states where both parties see the presidential contest is on the line . ”
Republicans have been rewriting rules in many states to require identification to stamp out in-person vote fraud , which is surpassingly rare . Democrats say the new laws are actually meant to suppress their support . Sixty percent of U.S. voters live in the 32 states that require photo ID , according to the Congressional Research Service .
In North Carolina , a battleground state , Republicans took control of both houses of the legislature in 2010 and the governor 's office two years later , ending two decades of Democratic rule . Since then , Democrats have been ousted from county election boards and in 2013 , lawmakers passed one of the nation 's strictest ID laws , cut early voting by a week and scaled back Sunday voting .
An appeals court in July invalidated the measure , ruling it was targeted at “ African Americans with almost surgical precision ” and reinstated early voting to 17 days . Republicans resisted .
“ We will not continue to have one side — the Democrats — set the voting rules forever , ” Dallas Woodhouse , the executive director of the North Carolina Republican Party , said in an interview .
In an August e-mail to county election officials , Woodhouse wrote that compliance required early voting at only one site , and that Sunday voting was n't a necessity . In recent elections , many black congregations organized “ souls to the polls ” efforts , capitalizing on high church attendance with outings to the polls afterward .
“ Many of our folks are angry and are opposed to Sunday voting for a host of reasons including respect for voter 's religious preferences , protection of our families and allowing the fine election staff a day off , ” Woodhouse wrote . “ Six days of voting in one week is enough . Period . ”
More than a dozen counties offered only one site for the first week of early voting , which began Oct. 20 . That led to longer waits .
“ There were lots of examples of people leaving lines , ” said Allison Riggs , an attorney at the Southern Coalition for Social Justice in Durham . “ This would not be even remotely acceptable in the future , but , given the time pressures , we were trying to triage and tourniquet the worst situations . ”
Statewide , early voting by whites had increased by 16 percent through Tuesday compared with the same point in 2012 , while voting by blacks was down 13 percent , said J. Michael Bitzer , a political-science professor at Catawba College in Salisbury . Ballot returns are up 8.5 percent from Republicans , almost 40 percent from unaffiliated voters , but down by about 2 percent from Democrats , they said .
The new rules were “ a major factor , ” Bitzer said .
Ferguson of Greensboro has memories of knocking on doors in the South as a member of the Congress of Racial Equality , which was a prime mover in the civil-rights movement . They spent so much time getting others to register that they almost forgot to herself . They felt proud to cast their ballot for Lyndon B. Johnson .
These days , they have a weary heart .
” I 'm so disappointed , “ Ferguson said . ” I really believed that I was going to be able to see these problems solved in my lifetime. “
The SPCA , which fights animal abuse and helps abandoned pets find a home , is using a robot to abuse homeless people in San Francisco . We mean this literally :
San Francisco 2017 : the SPCA sends out a security robot to deter homeless people from camping near its building . https : //t.co/ZFziOb2REV — Melissa Hung ( @ fluffysharp ) December 13 , 2017
The robot actually has stickers on it to promote the SPCA 's mission of preventing the cruelty of animals :
Here it is in action pic.twitter.com/nSBQUmKwk1 — Sam Dodge ( @ samueldodge ) December 9 , 2017
You see , the SPCA ca n't afford humans to shoo away homeless people looking for shelter because of the minimum wage in San Francisco :
“ Having humans replace the robot 's 24/7 shift would be “ cost prohibitive , ” though , Scarlett said . The robot costs about $ 6 per hour to rent , they said . The minimum wage in San Francisco is $ 14 per hour. ” https : //t.co/FJNB8rqLji — Burrito Justice ( @ burritojustice ) December 10 , 2017
But it looks like the SPCA 's use of the robot is illegal on a public thoroughfare and the non-profit has been ordered to cease its use or face fines up to $ 1000 per day :
San Francisco orders SPCA to stop using # security robot to shoo away homeless people on sidewalk https : //t.co/oEoX6mYlKt pic.twitter.com/IGPWbin9WR — Security Update ( @ Security_Update ) December 13 , 2017
* * *
The National Football League is hosting a free pop-up concert in Boston 's North End today , and the performer originally promised will not be able to make it .
Originally , the NFL announced hip-hop artist Miguel would sing for attendees at Boston 's Christopher Columbus Park at noon on Thursday . But on Wednesday night , the NFL announced the singer had to back out due to an illness . Rock band Guster will take stage instead .
The pop-up event serves as part of the league 's new campaign called `` Random Acts of Kindness , '' and is aimed to celebrate the new football season as well as the 2017 Super Bowl championship .
Former Patriots stars Rodney Harrison and Willie McGinest will also be in attendance , and the coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy will also be on display . Attendees will have a chance to win tickets to the 8:30 p.m. Thursday night game against the Kansas City Chiefs by registering online or checking in at the waterfront park .
Gates open at 10:30 a.m. and access is served on a first-come , first-serve basis . There is limited space for the event . Hosts will air `` America 's Game : 2016 New England Patriots '' at 11 a.m. , followed by the kickoff concert .
JING SHI , China ( CNN ) -- Tang Hui and their family prospered as migrant workers during China 's economic boom , earning $ 10,000 a year : enough to build a house , send a cousin to school and pay for their grandmother 's medical bills .
Tang Hui lost their manufacturing job in October just days after getting married . more photos »
But those good days are over . The family 's cash earnings have evaporated , snatched away by a manufacturing crash cascading across China caused by falling global demand for its goods .
The nine people in the Tang family are facing an income of zero ; their best hope to survive is to grow rice and raise pigs at home in the Sichuan Mountains .
`` Farming is really hard . It needs a lot of hard labor , '' says 22-year-old Tang Hui , who lost their manufacturing job four months ago . `` None of the young people want to farm nowadays . The income is extremely low . '' See photos of the hard-scrabble life of Tang Hui »
A Chinese proverb says : `` Going on the road to Sichuan is as hard as going to heaven . '' Isolated and mountainous , Sichuan is China 's third most populous province ; 60 percent of its 87 million residents are poor and live in the countryside , authorities say .
It became the nation 's biggest source of the 130 million farmers who migrated into Chinese cities , especially in the south , to provide cheap labor for factories that churned out products , mainly for export to the United States . The province was also rocked last May by a massive earthquake that killed tens of thousands of people .
Five years ago , Tang Hui left for southern Guangdong province to work in a factory producing handbags and backpacks . They had to drop out of high school because their family was so poor .
There , they earned enough to stash away savings for their wedding . But last October , just days after they got married , their factory abruptly closed down . It was receiving no more orders from its American clients . Watch Tang Hui walk muddy roads to get home »
`` I hope the government can help us during this crisis , '' they say . `` I hope it wo n't be like this for too long . Now , there is not even enough money to celebrate the holidays . ''
At least they were able to spend the most important Chinese holiday of the year , the Spring Festival , at home in Qingbadong village .
The road uphill to the village was muddy and slippery . The winter rice fields were brown ; the slopes were covered in winter fog . `` In two , three months , '' Tang Hui says , `` everything will be green and blooming . ''
And the festive mood -- the first time in six years the whole family celebrated the holiday together -- was short-lived .
Reality is never far away . Many of the villagers are unemployed . The Tang 's next-door neighbors , a married couple , lost their jobs in a Guangdong shoe factory after working there for 16 years .
`` A few months without jobs would be disastrous for us , '' Tang Hui frets .
Before they ventured out as migrants , the Tangs lived in a wooden shack . Now , they live in a two-story brick house , with 10 rooms , concrete floors , an open fire pit for cooking . Still , it has no running water and one outdoor latrine . See where Sichuan province is located »
In the past months , about 70,000 factories nationwide have closed . Beijing official Chen Xiwen estimates about 20 million migrant workers have lost jobs . Tens of thousands of villages in the countryside depend on migrant workers ' income .
China analysts say the spike in unemployment has caught China off guard . `` The central government is now telling local governments to provide help and job training , re-employment , '' says Wenran Jiang , a political science professor and China expert at Canada 's University of Alberta .
Vice Minister of Commerce Jiang Zengwei says China is offering `` a one-off subsidy of 100-150 yuan ( $ 15 to $ 22 ) to 74 million low-income people ... for temporary relief . '' Still , it will take some time before such measures make a difference . Watch few job hopes for Beijing grads »
Some analysts have suggested that a `` rural revolution '' is imminent amid the economic turmoil . However , Wenran Jiang says such talk is premature . But they also say the central government must do more in the coming months .
`` Many migrant workers have lived a very hard and simple life , '' they say . `` They have some savings for a rainy day like this , so in the short-term they may be able to cope -- but if eight or 12 months later things continue to deteriorate , it could turn volatile . ''
Most farmers like the Tangs do not get social security . So villagers who lost factory jobs have few choices except go back to farming . But it is not easy .
Farming feeds people but brings little cash . Millions of the jobless are second-generation migrant workers , young people who grew up in cities .
`` It would be very hard , '' says Tang Hui . `` I have never farmed . I do n't know how to do it . ''
To cope , China is creating training programs in the countryside . One of the pilot centers is in Chongqing municipality . Some 30,000 workers have so far taken classes in farming , farming machinery repairs , tailoring and other vocational skills . The trainees got a one-time incentive of about $ 45 .
But the Tangs have never heard about such programs . When asked about the central government 's plan to invest billions of dollars in countryside infrastructure as a part of a huge stimulus package , they expressed anger .
`` The central government has good ideas and intentions , but the local officials often ignore them . The road in our village was built by the local government but we had to pay for it . Every family had to pay $ 100 or more . We get nothing from the government , '' says Hui 's father , Tang Zhong Min .
In the evening , the family huddles around an open wood stove . The stove and a small portable electric heater are the only sources of warmth during the cold winter nights . A flickering fluorescent lightbulb barely lights the room .
Tang Hui 's wife , Li Xiaochun , is 21 years old . They used to cut leather in a textile factory , and will soon head back to Guangdong with their husband to search for work .
`` I think to be at home is better . I did n't get used to living outside . I did n't get used to Guangdong . It is better at home , '' they say .
Tang Hui then interrupts . `` Of course , I also like it at home , but it is better in other places . Coming home is only good during the Spring Festival , '' they say .
Despite the uncertainty , they remain optimistic .
`` We are young . There must be some factories still open out there . We should be OK to go out and do something , '' Li Xiaochun says .
But Tang Hui 's mother is not so convinced . `` Of course I am worried . How can they live without jobs , with no money so far away from home ? '' asks 46-year-old Hu Xiaoju . `` But I will definitely go , too . ''
For the Tangs and millions of others in China , the road to Guangdong and employment may prove even more difficult then the proverbial road to Sichuan .
All About Sichuan Province • China • Chinese Economy
Sleepwalking to extinction , or maybe communism ?
From Sleepwalking to Extinction . Climate Madness is coming , and to save us Richard Smith says we need an eco-socialist civilization ! Jo Nova thinks we need people who can add up numbers .
Capitalism and the destruction of life and earth
Super Typhoon Haiyan has sent a chill through the global nervous system . Thousands dead . Weather scientists in shock . Lives destroyed . The greatest typhoon to touch land in recorded history brings with it more than total destruction . It ups the level of urgency for a new economic paradigm … one that puts the planet first . Radical economist Richard Smith shows us a way out of the “ climate madness ” about to descend everywhere .
Haiyan was the worst typhoon , — apart from all the worse ones . ( Like 1912 , 1898 , 1882 etc etc and those were just the ones in the Philippines . )
So long as we live under this corporate capitalist system we have little choice but to go along in this destruction , to keep pouring on the gas instead of slamming on the brakes , and that the only alternative — impossible as this may seem right now — is to overthrow this global economic system and all of the governments of the 1 % that prop it up and replace them with a global economic democracy , a radical bottom-up political democracy , an eco-socialist civilization .
What 's a radical bottom up political democracy if not the kind where every citizen can vote ? Is that where cats dogs and chickens vote too ? Or is it where everyone votes , but they can only pick a government Richard Smith wants ?
In this parallel universe we are all deniers – even Obama
Hansen , McKibben , Obama — and most of us really — do n't want to face up to the economic implications of the need to put the brakes on growth and fossil fuel-based overconsumption . We all “ need ” to live in denial , and believe in delusions that carbon taxes or some tech fix will save us because we all know that capitalism has to grow or we 'll all be out of work . And the thought of replacing capitalism seems so impossible , especially given the powers arrayed against change . But what 's the alternative ? In the not-so-distant future , this is all going to come to a screeching halt one way or another — either we seize hold of this out-of-control locomotive , or we ride this train right off the cliff to collapse .
At least they recognise the carbon taxes and fake free market is not the answer . Too bad they want to throw out the real free-market too . I guess it 'll have to be state-run — what could possibly go wrong ? Bring in the politburo !
The answer is always totalitarian
Emergency Contraction or Global Ecological Collapse ?
If there 's no market mechanism to stop plundering the planet then , again , what alternative is there but to impose an emergency contraction on resource consumption ?
( How about we wait until we get models that work , and scientists that predict things . Then we could try out some “ bottom up democracy ” ? )
The good news is that Smith says that while we need to impose a martial law on resource consumption ( like oil , coal , bricks , mining and metal ) it does n't mean that we have to go without anything important .
This does n't mean we would have to de-industrialize and go back to riding horses and living in log cabins . But it does mean that we would have to abandon the “ consumer economy ” — shut down all kinds of unnecessary , wasteful and polluting industries from junkfood to cruise ships , disposable Pampers to disposable H & M clothes , disposable IKEA furniture , endless new model cars , phones , electronic games , the lot .
Somehow your house will be warmed , your old car will keep running , your old phone will turn up ( and work ) , and furniture will appear in your group-share apartment . You will learn to like true retro-rusty-chrome chairs salvaged from 1965 .
And who needs Pampers ? Richard Smith will come to your house to help wash the nappies , right ?
H/t Tom Nelson
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ... Rating : 10.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
UPDATE , 8:45 p.m. : The Giants just announced that first baseman Brandon Belt 's left thumb is broken . This is obviously a devastating injury that will keep the first baseman out for several weeks . This will be their second career stint on the disabled list .
We wo n't know more until after the game . Stay tuned .
The Giants have several options for replacing Belt , including more games for Buster Posey at first base and former Giant Travis Ishikawa , whom the organization recently re-signed to a minor-league deal .
This is a blow to the offense . Belt led the team with nine home runs , ranking third in the National League . They ws hitting .264 with an .815 OPS .
Details on what happened below :
ORIGINAL POST : Giants first baseman Brandon Belt has been removed from tonight 's Dodgers-Giants game in the second inning after they were hit by a pitch on their left hand . Joaquin Arias is playing first base .
Dodgers left-hander Paul Maholm appeared to hit Belt 's thumb with the first pitch of the inning . Belt seemed to be in considerable pain as they walked a few steps and squatted . After being checked by a trainer , Belt stayed in the game for the top half of the inning to run the bases , but immediately came out when the Giants took the field for the bottom of the second .
Follow me on Twitter @ hankschulman for the latest information as we get it .
Faces of diversity
Picture from : How the French [ sic ] terrorists were connected to al Qaeda , ISIS , by Bob Orr , CBS News , January 9 , 2015 .
It did n't take long for our President to blame the French people for the Islamic terrorist attacks that shocked the world . Barack Obama told the Europeans that they must do more to integrate Muslims and avoid “ respond [ ing ] with a hammer. ” [ Europe needs to better integrate Muslim communities : Obama , AFP , January 16 , 2015 ] In fact , of course , contemporary Europeans would do very well to remember the example of Charles Martel , “ Hammer of the Franks , ” who saved Europe from Islam at the Battle of Tours .
But Obama is right that the Islamic question in Europe wo n't be solved simply through law enforcement or military action . What they would never admit : it must be solved by action on immigration—and repatriation .
Why would any country in its right mind want Muslim immigration , or immigration from predominantly Muslim countries ? It really should n't take dead bodies to shock people into thinking clearly about immigration . But c'est la vie , as the French would say .
The French terrorists were a diversity twofer—both racially and religiously “ diverse ” in that they were n't of either European or Christian stock . Though they were born in France , they could n't be considered “ French ” except in a technical legal sense . They owed greater allegiance to an increasing Islamic diaspora community than to the French nation .
Therefore the ultimate question , which absolutely no mainstream American commentators have raised ; how can we , lawfully and humanely , reduce the number of Muslims in the West and so reduce the source of the problem ?
The late Lawrence Auster , editor of View From The Right , pointed towards a constructive policy in two speeches , at an Act for America meeting in New York ( January 25 , 2010 )
Muslims in large numbers do not belong in any Western society . It was a mistake to let them in , and now we have to recognize that mistake and find ways to start reversing that immigration . [ Islam and the West…Can They Co-Exist , The `` silent '' majority no more ! ( blog ) , January 28 , 2010 ]
See also A Real Islam Policy For A Real America , the talk Auster gave at the Preserving Western Civilization Conference , February 8 , 2009 . [ Audio links
But how do we “ reverse ” any form of immigration ? The very mention of reversing immigration would require political courage unseen in America .
Or would it ? There are actually laws on the books that allow for the robust deportation of a non-citizen who is “ engaged in or is likely to engage in ” terrorist activity .
Suggesting how effective these laws can be , ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero has bemoaned how “ the U.S. government unfairly deported thousands of immigrants after the September 11 attacks—simply because they were from Muslim countries and were in the wrong place at the wrong time. ” And were illegals , of course . [ New ACLU Report Documents Devastating Effects of Post-9/11 Deportations on Immigrant Communities and Families , ACLU press release , December 8 , 2004 . ]
While the current administration is obviously not going to use these laws , a future Republican President ( so long as it 's not Jeb Bush ) could quite easily .
Needless to say , security-related deportations have come under fire from the multiculti Left . Yale law professor Michael Wishnie told the New York Times that using immigration courts to process deportations was “ second-class justice ” because “ the defendant 's rights are reduced. ” [ Cleared of Terror Charges , Facing Deportation , by Damien Cave , June 3 , 2009 ] .
In other words , non-citizens got the justice they deserve .
Immigration courts have lower standards of proof and relaxed rules of evidence . They can process deportations more quickly than criminal charges , filing which can actually delay deportation .
But what is the justification for using them ? In Auster 's speech , they spelt out the logic of Islam 's political ambitions :
If Islam is a nation , and they think of themselves as a nation , well the jihadists are the soldiers of this nation . And the regular members are the civilians… . The civilians are not on the battlefield , they 're not waging war , but they are still part of the nation in whose name and on whose behalf the warriors are waging war .
If Auster was correct , many Muslims will inevitably support the Islamic “ Ummah ” rather than the country where they reside . When non-citizens agitate for a group like the Islamic State and support soldiers of the “ caliphate , ” they can be deported .
Of course , aside from insisting on deportation , Congress needs to repeal and replace the wretched 1965 Immigration Act .
But some of those who consider themselves spiritually part of another nation are technically American citizens . Even if we deported every dangerous immigrant we might still be left with Dearbornistan if we are not willing to try to repatriate the Muslim population as such . As Auster noted ,
Any activism which tries to deal with the symptoms of the problem but accepts the existence of the problem itself is ultimately in my view a losing game . If we accept the presence of Islam in the West we 're just going to be foot dragging as they gain more and more power .
Auster 's 2009 and 2010 speeches deserve close attention . Their riveting conclusion describes the fundamental role of immigration in the story of Mohammed 's rise to power in Medina . Muslim immigration itself is the problem , and the rest of the topics surrounding Islamic terrorism ( assimilation , alienation , free speech , etc . ) are only symptomatic .
After the Charlie Hebdo attacks , voices from across the political spectrum—with a number of PC exceptions—verbally joined in generic outrage . But they 're not rising up against immigration . They 're not rising up against the process that brings the ungrateful Muslim minorities into their nations to begin with . Instead , commentators are claiming solidarity with a principle of free speech that they do n't even really believe in .
But if they do n't deal with the Muslim problem , Westerners of whatever political opinion will eventually be rendered powerless and their opinions will no longer make any difference .
Solidarity means nothing if they continue to allow Muslim immigration
Picture from : Could Twitter be the downfall of terrorists even if we 're not really all Charlie ? , by Brian Reade , Daily Mirror , January 9 , 2015
The inevitable future attacks will provide further opportunities for treasonous politicians to pretend to care . For instance , the disgusting Lindsey Graham talks tough about the role of Islam in the French attacks . [ Lindsey Graham : France Attack Shows We 're In A Religious War , by Amanda Gutterman , The Huffington Post , January 7 , 2015 ] But we know Graham would never do a thing to limit the number of Muslims entering our country—and would condemn efforts by Europeans to do the same .
Nevertheless , the attacks in Paris have opened up space for real debate . There is finally public debate on the growth of what the Washington Times describes as “ virtual Islamic mini-states ” in France . [ Muslims segregated from French society in growing Islamist mini-states , by Rowan Scarborough , January 7 , 2015 ] In a surprising turn of events for the Washington Post , one of its reported on “ Europe 's far right ” without any references to Nazis , racism , or guilt . [ Europe 's far right on the Paris attack : We told you so , by Adam Taylor , The Washington Post , January 8 , 2015 ]
But few are discussing the actual solution . Conservatism Inc. bluster about wars , or cheap talk about freedom of speech , only distracts from the imperative of banning Islamic immigration and working to repatriate those who are within the West . A “ strong ” foreign policy is irrelevant when immigration brings the threat to us . The West needs to confront Islam as a demographic problem , not as a military problem .
Lawrence Auster 's approach can serve as a baseline . And if the so-called “ counter-jihad ” movement takes it seriously , preserving the Occident from the existential threat of Islam just might be the legacy Auster leaves behind .
Email Thomas Martel .
We 've been wanting to make our own letter art for a while now . We had a major a'ha moment while in the dollar store and realized we could easily make the letter art we want with some gold tacks and foam core ! ( Total project cost : $ 3 ! )
Follow the tutorial below to make your own letter art . If you like our “ love ” theme , click HERE to download our template . We kept ours small because of where it was going on a wall , but you can easily scale this to any size .
How to Make Letter Art Using Thumb Tacks :
Supplies :
Foam core board
Tacks – we chose gold
xacto knife
Spray adhesive
Step 1 :
The foam board at the Dollar Tree is 1/8″ thick . This is not thick enough to keep your letters together . Plus , the tacks will end up sticking out the back . Start by cutting the board down into two pieces and glue them together . Then glue your printout on top . ( You can free hand your letting as well ! )
Step 2 :
Now , grab your xacto knife and start cutting out the letters . Hint : Be sure to be patient during this step . Slowly cut layer by layer through the foam board . If you try to rush this part , you will end up with extremely messy edges .
Step 3 :
Now it 's time to grab your tacks and start decorating your letters .
Step 4 :
Once you 've completed the outline , start to fill the rest in . Continue placing the tacks from the outside , inward .
We hope you enjoyed learning how to make your own letter art by using simple , cheap dollar store materials !
Yesterday , Byron Howard made a special appearance on the official Zootopia facebook page !
In this stream , they took us into the Walt Disney Animation Drawing Studio ( which they decked out with Zootopia merch for the occasion ) and taught us some techniques that they use at Disney Animation , how they draw the characters , and how they maintain the natural rhythms of the animals when they 're standing on two legs . It 's a fun glimpse into the process of Disney character drawings .
Then , at about the 30 minute mark , they start answering some questions from the audience- including the tidbit of how Jack Savage turned into Nick Wilde . Yes , that 's right- Jack Savage was what they called the fox during early production . Mind . Blown .
Check it out over on Facebook , or after the break ! The drawing lesson begins at round 9:30 , and the questions begin at about 30:00 .
Steve Carell and Amy Adams are also in talks to join the Cheney biopic .
Christian Bale , Steve Carell and Amy Adams are in early talks to star in the untitled Dick Cheney biopic being prepped by Adam McKay .
The Paramount project is McKay 's follow-up to The Big Short , their Oscar-nominated movie about the economic and housing market collapse in the mid-2000s , and tackles the controversial figure who acted as vice president under President George W. Bush .
Bale is in talks to portray Cheney , who was an ardent supporter of strong anti-terrorist actions and a key supporter of the Iraq War . Cheney also is the former CEO of the multinational corporation Halliburton .
Carell is circling the role of Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld . Adams would play Cheney 's wife , Lynne Cheney .
Both Bale and Carell starred in Big Short .
McKay is producing with their Gary Sanchez Productions partners Will Ferrell and Kevin Messick . Plan B is also producing .
Bale stars in The Promise , the Armenian genocide drama that opens later this month and is their first movie since Big Short .
Carell is currently shooting the drama Beautiful Boy for Amazon Studios , while Adams is coming off of a busy 2016 in which they starred in Arrival and Nocturnal Animals and appeared in Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice .
Brian Joseph Davis has been using police composite software to create realistic images of fictional characters based on the way they 're described in prose . And their latest portrait , of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes , does look like some actors who have portrayed the character .
Advertisement
Davis used this text from A Study in Scarlet to inform this particular portrait :
Their very person and appearance were such as to strike the attention of the most casual observer . In height they were rather over six feet , and so excessively lean that they seemed to be considerably taller . Their eyes were sharp and piercing , save during those intervals of torpor to which I have alluded ; and their thin , hawk-like nose gave their whole expression an air of alertness and decision . Their chin , too , had the prominence and squareness which mark the man of determination .
Of modern Sherlock Holmes actors , Benedict Cumberbatch looks a bit more like the sketch than Robert Downey Jr. or Jonny Lee Miller . But what about the older Sherlock Holmes actors ? Peter Cushing ? Jeremy Brett ? Arthur Wontner ? Which actor bears the strongest resemblance to the sketch ?
Advertisement
Sherlock Holmes [ The Composites via Dangerous Minds ]
Kashmiri cuisine ( Kashmiri : कॉशुर खयॊन / کوٗشُر کھیۆن / Kashur khyon ; Urdu : کشمیری پکوان‎ ) is the cuisine of the Kashmir Valley region of India . Rice is the staple food of Kashmiris and has been so since ancient times . [ 1 ] Meat , along with rice , is the most popular food item in Kashmir . [ 2 ] Kashmiris consume meat voraciously . [ 3 ] Despite being Brahmin , most Kashmiri Pandits are meat eaters . [ 4 ]
Kashmiri cuisine [ edit ]
Some noted Kashmiri dishes include :
`` Qabargaah '' ( Kashmiri Muslims commonly refer to this dish as Tabakhmaaz )
Shab Deg : dish cooked with turnip and meat , left to simmer overnight . [ 5 ]
Dum Olav/Dun Aloo : cooked with yoghurt , ginger powder , fennel and other hot spices .
cooked with yoghurt , ginger powder , fennel and other hot spices . Aab Gosht
Goshtaba
Lyodur Tschaman
Matschgand , lamb meatballs in a gravy tempered with red chillies .
, lamb meatballs in a gravy tempered with red chillies . Modur Pulaav
Mujh Gaad , a dish of radishes with a choice of fish .
, a dish of radishes with a choice of fish . Rogan Josh , a lamb based dish , cooked in a gravy seasoned with liberal amounts of Kashmiri chillies ( in the form of a dry powder ) , ginger ( also powdered ) , asafoetida and bay leaves among other ingredients . Due to the absence of onions , yoghurt is used as a thickener , and also to reduce the heat and marry the spices in the gravy .
, a lamb based dish , cooked in a gravy seasoned with liberal amounts of Kashmiri chillies ( in the form of a dry powder ) , ginger ( also powdered ) , asafoetida and bay leaves among other ingredients . Due to the absence of onions , yoghurt is used as a thickener , and also to reduce the heat and marry the spices in the gravy . Yakhni , a yoghurt-based mutton gravy without turmeric or chilli powder . The dish is primarily flavoured with bay leaves , cloves and cardamom seeds . This is a mild , subtle dish eaten with rice often accompanied with a more spicy side dish .
, a yoghurt-based mutton gravy without turmeric or chilli powder . The dish is primarily flavoured with bay leaves , cloves and cardamom seeds . This is a mild , subtle dish eaten with rice often accompanied with a more spicy side dish . Harissa is a popular meat preparation made for breakfast , it is slow cooked for many hours , with spices and hand stirred .
Other foods [ edit ]
The Kashmir Valley is noted for its bakery tradition . On the picturesque Dal Lake in Kashmir or in downtown Srinagar , bakery shops are elaborately laid out . Bakers sell various kinds of breads with a golden brown crusts topped with sesame and poppy seeds . tsot and tsochvoru are small round breads topped with poppy and sesame seeds , which are crisp and flaky , sheermal , baqerkhani ( puff pastry ) , lavas ( unleavened bread ) and kulcha are also popular . Girdas and lavas are served with butter .
Kashmiri bakerkhani has a special place in Kashmiri cuisine . It is similar to a round naan in appearance , but crisp and layered , and sprinkled with sesame seeds . [ 6 ] It is typically consumed hot during breakfast . [ 7 ]
Wazwan [ edit ]
A Wazwan is a multi-course meal in the Kashmiri Muslim tradition and treated with great respect . Its preparation is considered an art . Almost all the dishes are meat-based ( lamb , chicken , beef , but never fish ) . It is considered a sacrilege to serve any dishes based around pulses or lentils during this feast . The traditional number of courses for the wazwan is thirty-six , though there can be fewer . The preparation is traditionally done by a vasta waza , or head chef , with the assistance of a court of wazas , or chefs .
Wazwan is regarded by the Kashmiri Muslims as a core element of their culture and identity . Guests are grouped into fours for the serving of the wazwan . The meal begins with a ritual washing of hands , as a jug and basin called the tash-t-nari is passed among the guests . A large serving dish piled high with heaps of rice , decorated and quartered by four seekh kabab , four pieces of meth maaz , two tabak maaz , sides of barbecued ribs , and one safed kokur , one zafrani kokur , along with other dishes . The meal is accompanied by yoghurt garnished with Kashmiri saffron , salads , Kashmiri pickles and dips . Kashmiri Wazwan is generally prepared in marriages and other special functions . The culinary art is learnt through heredity and is rarely passed to outside blood relations . That has made certain waza/cook families very prominent . The wazas remain in great demand during the marriage season from May–October .
Kashmiri street food
Beverages [ edit ]
Kashmiri Chai , Noon Chai , or Sheer Chai [ edit ]
Kashmiris are heavy tea drinkers . The word `` noon '' in Kashmiri language means salt . The most popular drink is a pinkish colored salted tea called `` noon chai . `` [ 8 ] It is made with black tea , milk , salt and bicarbonate of soda . The particular color of the tea is a result of its unique method of preparation and the addition of soda . The Kashmiri Pandits more commonly refer to this chai as `` Sheer Chai . '' The Kashmiri Muslims refer to it as `` Noon Chai '' or `` Namkeen Chai '' both meaning salty tea .
Noon Chai or Sheer Chai is a common breakfast tea in Kashmiri households and is taken with breads like baqerkhani brought fresh from Qandur , or bakers . Often , this tea is served in large samovars .
Kahwah [ edit ]
At marriage feasts , festivals , and religious places , it is customary to serve kahwah - a green tea made with saffron , spices , and almonds or walnuts . Over 20 varieties of Kahwah are prepared in different households . Some people also put milk in kahwah ( half milk and half kahwah ) . This chai is also known as `` Maugal Chai '' by some Kashmiri Pandits from the smaller villages of Kashmir . Kashmiri Muslims and Kashmiri Pandits from the cities of Kashmir refer to it as Kahwah or Qahwah .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
As timing goes , the international break arrived when Wolves needed it least .
Three straight league victories amidst a trio of encouraging , controlled performances against much fancied opposition had built up a mini whirlwind of momentum .
History has proven picking up the baton after a two week hiatus is seldom straightforward , so this fixture represents another interesting challenge for our burgeoning young side .
Blackpool
If you were writing a handbook about how not to run a football club , a few chapters about Blackpool 's summer of discontent would make compelling reading .
Having somehow contrived to diminish their playing staff to just a handful of senior pros and become the comedy act of the football league in the process , chairperson Karl Oyston now seems hell bent on prolonging the laughter .
Managers have been contacted and interviewed this week despite Jose Riga still being in the post that they themselves only occupied back in July . What happens next is truly anyone 's guess .
The squad has at least been strengthened , numerically speaking , but the results have been both damning and conclusive – five games , five defeats . Zero points .
If there 's a grain of hope for the Seasiders it 's that all of their defeats , save for the 2-0 opening day loss at Notts Forest , have been by a single goal . It 's not much , but it 's something .
Wolves
Assuming no international hangovers , the starting XI on Saturday should mirror the settled team we 've come to appreciate of late :
With another game ( Charlton away ) hot on the heels of this fixture though , the likes of Jacobs , Henry , Rowe , Ricketts and Saville could all get their chance to stake a claim in the next week .
It will be interesting to see how Kenny rotates personnel in and out when injuries , suspensions and fatigue enter the equation .
Just how effective those fringe players are will likely dictate whether or not this squad can sustain the pace at the business end of the Championship .
The gaffer
Predictions
Five people are already into double figures in the Prediction League , which is some achievement from just five fixtures . Well done to Dave H , ManxWolf91 , vicsmith , MosmanWolf and in particular MrAussieWolf who leads the way with 12 points .
I ca n't predict anything other than a Wolves victory for this one . While a law of averages screams Blackpool ca n't continue losing forever , I expect them to struggle on for another week if Kenny can get even a decent percentage out of their team .
They have some capable individuals amongst their hodge-podge of a squad ( Ranger , Delfounso , etc ) but Wolves are a well-oiled machine these days , so I 'm not expecting any slip-ups .
2-0 .
Up The Wolves .
Nintendo blew our collective minds earlier this summer when it finally announced the return of the Metroid Prime franchise , with a fourth installment currently being developed for release on the Nintendo Switch . Today , though , we learned who the development team behind the game just might be .
According to this Reddit report , the team behind the forthcoming Prime revival could be none other than Bandai Namco Games . The team appears to be working alongside long-time Metroid series producer Kensuke Tanabe with putting the game together . What 's more , we could be seeing first footage of the project sooner rather than later .
“ Metroid Prime 4 should have something revealed with some in-game footage early next year from what I 've heard , ” the source noted . “ I 'm hearing that Direct in January particularly . Bandai Namco is developing the game for Nintendo. ” That said , they did note they did n't know specifically which studio at Bandai Namco was working on the game .
Now , take it with a grain of salt . Bandai Namco has n't said anything officially about the game ( nor Nintendo ) , and it seems like a quirky choice for such a storied franchise . However , we 've seen Bandai Namco work its magic on Nintendo franchise before . The developer worked on StarFox Assault on the GameCube several years ago , and also had a hand in development creating Super Smash Bros. for the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS – and Pac-Man 's in there as proof .
Some people have been wondering , “ Well , why not Retro Studios ? ” A good question . But with the rumor that a new Donkey Kong game could be coming to Switch , they may be busy working on that .
If – and it 's a big if – this rumor does end up coming true , and we see first footage of Metroid early next year , Nintendo could be , ahem , Prime-ing it for a big 2018 release on the Switch . It 'd make an ideal holiday seller , if it could be done in enough time . For now , though , we 'll just have to see what the company has planned , as it has n't announced too much of its line-up for next year yet , save for new Kirby , Yoshi and Pokémon games .
A decade ago , the PC was the center of the digital world . Web TV aside , a full-scale Windows or macOS PC was the only reasonable way for ordinary people to get on the Internet . People also used their PCs to write term papers , organize their music and photos , edit video , play games , and a lot more .
But today , conventional PCs face a growing army of cheap , special-purpose rivals . No single device is an adequate PC replacement all by itself . But together , the growing menagerie of devices is making PC ownership less and less necessary for ordinary consumers .
This week 's Consumer Electronics Show demonstrates just how far this trend has developed . Most of the big product announcements were related to post-PC gadgets . And product roadmaps from Intel and others suggests that the decline of the PC will only accelerate in the coming years .
Post-PC products
One sign of decline of the PC is the surprising popularity of Chromebooks . On the heels of strong holiday sales for other companies ' chromebooks , Toshiba announced its first Chromebook this week .
On the surface , Chromebooks look a lot like other laptops . But as this dismissive ad from Microsoft makes clear , they 're actually limited , special-purpose devices :
Microsoft is right : if you want to do serious spreadsheet wrangling , photo editing , or software development , a Chromebook probably wo n't cut it . But most people have no interest in doing those things outside the office . If , like millions of people , you mostly want to check Facebook , read your email , and watch YouTube videos , then a ChromeBook works just fine . And ChromeBooks are n't only cheaper , they also avoid many of the hassles and pitfalls—software updates , malware , baffling error messages—of Windows PCs . Most users do n't actually need all the features of a standard PC , and for them the extra complexity just means more headaches .
Tablet computers have emerged as another major threat to the conventional PC , and it too is expanding aggressively into turf once dominated by Windows . Samsung announced a new 12-inch tablet at this year 's CES . It has a split-screen multitasking feature that helps take advantage of all that screen space .
Hard-core gamers have long been a key market for PCs . Gaming consoles are n't new , of course , but the most sophisticated and powerful games have always relied on the superior horsepower of a full-scale PC .
That may be about to change . This week one of the most prominent figures in the PC gaming world , Valve , unveiled a line of special-purpose gaming devices designed to entice PC gamers into the living room . These Steam Machines are manufactured by more than a dozen different manufacturers . Prices start at $ 499—comparable to the recently-launched XBox One , and will almost certainly fall over time . Other Steam Machines cost thousands dollars ; they should have enough computing power to satisfy even the most demanding gamers . Every Steam machine sold will be one less reason for a consumer to own a general-purpose PC .
Smaller , cheaper , and more flexible
Meanwhile , Intel is hard at work on chips that will enable the next wave of post-PC innovation . In a Monday speech , Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveiled Edison , a new line of tiny , cheap , low-power computer chips . The chip company also showed off a new generation of wearable computing devices : `` a smartwatch , smart earbuds , a smart earphone headset called Jarvis and a charging 'bowl ' to put all the gadgets in when they need powering back up . ''
Samsung is working on display technologies that could make the next generation of post-PC gadgets more versatile than ever . Not only do the new Samsung TVs unveiled at CES have curved screens , but a prototype device features a 105-inch screen that bends .
That might not sound like a big deal , but as Matt McFarland pointed out Tuesday , Samsung has big plans for flexible , durable screens . A recent video envisions turning our tables , floors and windows into touchscreen displays . Samsung also envisions a touchscreen wrapped around a coffee cup , and another curved display that doubles as a cutting board :
Right now , no one is clamoring for computers in their wristwatches or tables . But the combination of tiny , cheap computer chips and increasingly strong and flexible displays will eventually mean powerful computational capabilities being integrated into a wide variety of household objects . People made fun of the concept of $ 3,000 tweeting refrigerators when Samsung unveiled it at CES three years ago . But the only thing that 's laughable about the idea is the price tag . If , a few years from now , Whirlpool can put an Android-powered touchscreen computer into the door of your fridge for an extra $ 50 ( or , even better , turn the entire door into a giant touchscreen ) , why not do it ? It could be a convenient place to keep a to-do list , check the day 's weather , or display pictures of the grandkids .
The general-purpose PC became the dominant computing paradigm of the late 20th Century because computing hardware was too expensive and cumbersome for most families to own more than one or two of them . But processing power is getting smaller and cheaper , while display technologies are getting more flexible and powerful . The PC was the jack of all trades , but master of none . In contrast , special-purpose designs can be tailor-made for a specific application . As those devices become smaller , cheaper , and more versatile , the cost , size , and complexity of conventional PCs will be more of a turnoff for ordinary users .
Obviously , PCs wo n't go away completely . After all , IBM still has a thriving business selling mainframes . But the era when the PC was a major platform for consumer innovation is over .
On October 6th , South Korean conservative political groups decided to tell the people of North Korea that Ri Sol-ju , wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , had starred in a pornographic film . Seizing on reports from Japan 's Asahi newspaper that members of North Korea 's famous Unhasu Orchestra , in which Ri used to work , had been publicly executed for making a pornographic film , the South Korean groups included similar allegations that Ri themselves had been in the videos in packages sent via balloon over the DMZ . North Korean state media condemned the Japanese report , and even defector media groups within South Korea strongly doubted the truth of the story . Online comments were harshly critical of the balloon launch , saying it would only hurt the trust-building diplomatic process and make conflict more likely .
Article from Newsis :
Pamphlets to be Sent to the People of North Korea
Ri Sol Ju , the wife of Kim Jong-un , First Chairman of North Korea 's Security Council , has not been seen in public since Japanese media reported that they were involved in a sex scandal . On the morning of October 6th , representatives from Blue Union and citizen 's defense groups met at an observation platform at Yeoncheon in northern Gyeonggi Province to release balloons carrying news of Ri Sol Ju 's sex scandal . The groups hoped that the balloons would scatter packages of pamphlets with descriptions of Ri 's actions into the hands of North Korean citizens .
Comments from Daum :
HiKorea :
I do n't really think this is the best thing to do…
마린보이 :
how embarrassing
귀거래사 :
If there 's a war , would these guys be doing the fighting ? What do they think they 're playing at
talentful :
Where is the honesty here ? Our government is trying negotiation and trust building while at the same time these groups , which receive government funds , are spreading these pamphlets ? Where is the trust building ?
ε‥날づн를달Øŀ‥з :
If there is a war , these guys have to go to the front and fight
ranee1967 :
haha what jiral…and where do these groups get the money to pull of stunts like this…
빨간하늘 :
Come on , you 've got to be more sensible , these groups are crazy
화이트보드 :
Looks like these guys got bored with just eating and decided they needed something to do .. senseless bastards .. you 're the worst , go back to the North
폴리티카 :
Looks like these guys are praying that war starts [ lit . “ making ritual sacrifices for ” ] She 's still a human being , do you think it 's okay to insult Ri Sol Ju like this ?
저멀리우주 :
shit , great job
신비한 :
these warmongering red defector bastards should get their asses back to the North~
쏘키 :
Hey idiots , do n't you know that stuff like this just makes relations with the north worse , did you think it would be helpful ? But then again , you guys need to keep attacking North Korea and insulting it in order to feel important , so this must be natural for you… Do n't you think this could hurt your precious Lady President 's efforts to build trust with the North ? Please just leave it alone , eh ? try to think more about what you 're doing
소금장수 :
What do you get by doing this ? bunch of reactionary conservative morons
진실만보자 :
Cut it out .. What do you get from irritating the North ? Looking at what you would do if war actually broke out on the peninsula , you must be reds yourself ! ! And if you 're looking for scandals , you do n't have to go very far .. What exactly did your precious Lady President do with that fake preacher Choi Tae-min ? ? ? tsk tsk [ Choi is alleged to have fathered a child with Park Geun Hye decades ago ]
다미맘 :
I commend Professor Slaughter 's decision to broach a difficult but still important subject . As Snowden and their predecessors have shown , US systemic primacy , and the determination expressed by successive Administrations to extend this primacy into the indefinite future by widening and deepening its overwhelming all-domain superiority , can only serve to gravely imprint profound collective insecurity among those at the receiving end of this dominance . As recent hacks initiated by both the NSA and its Five-Eyes partners , and others , show quite clearly , this is a game many can play . America can not logically emphasise its system-encompassing national interests on the one hand , and deny any rival ( or even non-allied ) state might have comparable interests on the other , and still expect good and predictable order to prevail without lethal enforcement . Obligations , like charity , usually begin at home . No ?
Now that we have three kids under four , including one that is only 4 months old , mountain adventures are taking a backseat to playing in the yard and various nap schedules . However , we did get out for a nice morning trip to the Upper Kananaskis Lakes area .
The ambitious plan was to hike around the Upper Lakes Trail , and if possible , try and get up to Rawson Lake .
The great thing about hiking with kids is that they are generally full of energy . The kind of energy that radiates from their eyes and their smile and their legs as they race up and down the trail . It 's an infectious energy that feels endless… until out of nowhere it hits a giant brick wall and cascades into shards of tantrums , whining , and pleas of “ carry me ! ” Fortunately we did n't experience any of this at Upper Kananaskis Lakes , but we came prepared for it anyway and brought along our double-Chariot and the Ergo . In this way we could transport all three kids if we really needed to ; it would n't be pleasant , but neither is abandoning a child in the woods ( c :
From what I remembered of the last time I was on that trail ( ~10 years ago ) it was a fairly smooth and fairly open trail ; surely it would qualify as a Chariot Friendly trail . As we started down the Upper Kananaskis Trail it was clear that trail was indeed Chariot Friendly – assuming you did n't mind lifting it up and over roots , rocks , and ledges . This was n't bad with a 4mo old in it I did n't really mind , so we stoically kept moving along . Next time I think we 'd leave the Chariot at home and just use snacks and breaks instead to make sure that the kids can make the trip .
For us , the trail ended at Sarrail Falls ~1km in .
The bridge across the creek was wiped out in the 2013 floods and has not yet been rebuilt . We briefly considered continuing , and many helpful people offered to help get our Chariot across the creek , but ultimately decided that was a poor idea . It really would n't do to be on the far side of a creek later on with three kids running out of energy .
We always have the kids carry their own backpack , for a few reasons :
They love it , it makes them feel like they 're “ really hiking ” . Since Jamie and I usually have one , they want one too In the super-unlikely , and super-uncool even they get separated from us in the woods they 'll have jacket , some food , and some water . It is n't all of the 10 essentials but it 's as much as they can carry at this age It 's less stuff that I have to carry !
We turned back and went to play at the lake shore while eating sandwiches and trial mix . I 'm always amazed how much fun the kids have just throwing rocks into the water and generally exploring somewhere new .
Mt . Indefatigable
As is our style these days we took off shortly after lunch and let the kids sleep in the car . Since Logan and Riley are both still napping 1.5-2hrs per day this works out pretty well . They never nap as long in the car and I really have to be careful to hit the cattle-gates just right or risk waking them up .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- It 's been a little more than a month since Cleveland Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving asked for a trade in a meeting with owner Dan Gilbert . Aside from a few initial reports about what the Cavs are seeking in a trade , things have been quiet . At least , as hushed as they can be when a star player wants out .
In this Wine and Gold Talk podcast from cleveland.com , Joe Vardon and I discuss whether trading Irving is truly the only choice and the most likely destinations .
Given the Irving speculation ties into LeBron James ' future , we also get into the report from last week about James `` 100 percent leaving '' Cleveland following this season , a time when they can become a free agent .
Subscribe to our cleveland.com sports podcasts on iTunes .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Tatyana Felgengauer is seen here posing in a team photo of Ekho Moskvy presenters
One of Russia 's top radio presenters has had surgery after being stabbed in the neck by a man who broke into their newsroom at broadcaster Ekho Moskvy .
Tatyana Felgengauer is in a medically-induced coma in a Moscow hospital but their life is not said to be in danger .
A male suspect is under arrest . Their motive is not clear , though police say it appears to be a personal grudge .
Ekho Moskvy , an independent station , often broadcasts views critical of the Kremlin .
The knifeman reportedly sprayed a gas into the face of a security guard as they broke in .
According to Ekho Moskvy , the alleged attacker 's name is Boris Grits . It describes the attacker as an Israeli , citing `` informed sources '' .
Russian police described them as a 48-year-old foreigner . `` Initial findings show that personal dislike was the motivation , '' police told Interfax news agency .
The Moscow police have released a video clip of the suspect under arrest , in which they claim that Felgengauer had `` sexually harassed me through telepathy '' .
A blog apparently published by Boris Grits also contains posts vilifying Felgengauer .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Blood was spattered on the floor as police tackled the intruder
A Russian state TV channel recently accused Ekho Moskvy ( `` Moscow Echo '' in English ) of working with the West to produce anti-Russian propaganda , the BBC 's Sarah Rainsford reports from Moscow .
Just last month , another of its journalists , Yulia Latynina , left the country after they were sprayed with faeces and their car was set on fire .
Image copyright AFP Image caption This photo of the suspect was published by Ekho Moskvy after the attack
Staff at the radio station say the man did not shout anything before they stabbed Tatyana Felgengauer on the building 's 14th floor .
They are deputy chief editor at Ekho Moskvy and has worked there for more than 10 years . They are the daughter of Pavel Felgengauer , a prominent journalist with military expertise .
A photo of the suspect was published by the radio station 's website editor , Vitaly Ruvinsky , on Facebook .
One of the broadcaster 's security guards was injured as the knifeman was being overpowered .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ekho Moskvy is a major broadcaster , respected for its independent stance
Most Russians rely on TV for their news and the main channels are either directly state-controlled or run by companies with close links to the Kremlin .
There have been many attacks on investigative reporters and other journalists who have challenged Russia 's powerful vested interests .
Indian President Ram Nath Kovind is heading to Africa this week on their maiden visit as India 's president and New Delhi has chosen Djibouti and Ethiopia as their destinations . As the Ministry of External Affairs has pointed out “ Africa is chosen as the first destination of president 's overseas visit — an indication of the importance attached to the African continent by the current government. ” The Modi government has been keen on expanding its profile in Africa , a continent with which India has shared historic ties and one where major powers today are scrambling for influence .
Djibouti is emerging as a key state in the Indian Ocean region . The construction of the Djibouti naval base — China 's first military base abroad — has generated varied reactions around the world . The base is seen as a move pushing China 's own limits to its foreign policy , and underscores its growing security profile in Africa . This new military foray in Africa , as explained by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi at a press conference in 2016 , was part of China 's willingness to “ play a constructive role in the political settlement of international and regional issues , so as to create a more secure and stable environment for China 's development overseas , ” and to “ take on more international security responsibilities. ” Indeed , China 's growing military profile in Africa is following its economic footprint in the continent . It is moving towards an ever more expansive definition of its global interests , pushing New Delhi to create new mechanisms for securing those interests , including its own growing military footprint abroad .
Djibouti has been very welcoming of Indian presence in the country and had helped India during the time of evacuation from Yemen in 2015 . With Ethiopia , India has had traditional ties and it remains the largest recipient of India 's concessional Lines of Credit in Africa . Both nations are key for India 's Africa outreach .
With the India-Africa summit in 2015 , the Modi government had signaled its readiness to step up engagement with Africa , a relationship which is centuries old , bolstered by trade across the Indian Ocean and a million-strong diaspora across Africa . Shared colonial legacy and post-independence development experience have framed India 's relationship with Africa . India 's role as a champion of anti-colonialism and anti-racism after its independence in 1947 drew it closer to the African nations .
Since the end of the Cold War and propelled by China 's growing profile in Africa , India is re-invigorating its ties with the African continent . The cooperation framework agreed at past India-Africa summits and the Indian initiatives to scale up investment and aid to Africa have underscored India 's aim to foster a robust partnership between New Delhi and the African continent .
India today has growing stakes in Africa . With some of the fastest growing nations in the world , Africa of today is not the “ dark continent ” of yore . The needs of regional states are divergent and their strengths are varied . India 's focus over the last few decades has largely been on capacity building on the continent , providing more than $ 1 billion in technical assistance and training to personnel under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation ( ITEC ) program . India has committed $ 7.5 billion to African infrastructure , covering 137 projects in more than 40 countries . India has also offered duty-free market access to Africa 's least developed countries . But India 's trade with Africa remains far below potential .
India wants a “ developmental partnership ” with Africa to be the cornerstone of its economic ties with the region . This also allows India to differentiate itself from the principles on which countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , the traditional donors of foreign aid , have based their relations with the recipient nations .
Beijing 's policy of using financial and military aid to secure oilfields in Africa has resulted in New Delhi losing out . The fierce competition between China and India for resources and energy to fuel their economies has been likened to the so-called scramble for Africa among European countries in the 19th century . This is a competition only in name as India lags far behind China in Africa . Where China 's response toward the region has been well-coordinated across various government agencies , India has failed to project a united front . The Indian government will have to support its companies more proactively if it hopes to close the gap with China in terms of its economic profile on the continent .
Yet India has its own strengths in its dealings with Africa . Its democratic traditions make it a much more comfortable partner for the West compared to China in cooperating on Africa- related issues . India is viewed as a more productive partner by many in Africa because Indian companies are much better integrated into the African society and encourage technology transfers to its African partners . New Delhi will have to leverage its own strengths in making a lasting compact with Africa and regain its lost presence on the continent .
President Kovind 's visit underlines the continuing salience of Africa in India 's foreign policy matrix and the resolve of New Delhi to build long-term partnerships with the African continent .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bansky visited Gaza in February and used the rubble as a canvas for their graffiti
A man from the Gaza Strip has told the BBC they were tricked into selling a work painted by UK graffiti artist Banksy .
The image of the Greek goddess Niobe , weeping for their dead offspring , was painted on a door from the ruins of Rabie Darduna 's house in Gaza City .
It can be seen in a video released by the secretive artist after their surprise visit to the Palestinian territory a month ago and is on their website .
A local buyer gave Mr Darduna just 700 shekels ( $ 175 ; £118 ) for the picture .
However , original Banksy artworks have recently sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars .
'Museum '
The Darduna family property was one of some 18,000 in Gaza that were destroyed during last year 's 50-day war with Israel , displacing 110,000 people , according to the United Nations .
`` It was a two-storey building but only the door was left standing , '' says Mr Darduna . `` Then a young , foreign man came and painted on it . ''
The father-of-six says that after the picture began to get media attention they were approached by a group of men .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Banksy 's representative says the artist believes the picture should be returned
Image caption The doorway where it once stood now stands empty
They convinced them they were acting on behalf of the artist and wanted to buy the door , as it was part of a series of works .
`` They said they wanted to put it in a museum in Gaza where everyone could see it , '' Mr Darduna explains .
`` One man told me : 'We 're from the group that did it . ' They made me sign a paper . It said I agreed on 700 shekels . They pressured me and I accepted because I need the money . ''
Since losing their house , 20 members of the Darduna family have moved into a cramped , rented apartment , sharing just two bedrooms .
When the BBC contacted the buyer of the Niobe picture they insisted the purchase was legal and refused to comment further .
On Wednesday rumours began to circulate that it had been returned to the family , following media coverage . But the buyer later posted on their Facebook page that the door was still in their possession .
`` Really we feel depressed and very upset , '' Mr Darduna . `` This door is rightfully ours . They cheated us . It 's a matter of fraud . And we 're asking for the door to be returned . ''
Losing hope
As well as the painting of the goddess , Banksy left murals of a pink-ribboned cat playing with a ball of mangled metal and children swinging from an Israeli watchtower .
On a wall they wrote : `` If we wash our hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless we side with the powerful - we do n't remain neutral . ''
Image caption Banksy also painted a cat playing with a ball of mangled metal on a wall in Gaza
In a two-minute satirical video , suggesting Gaza as a tourist destination , the artist - whose true identity is not known - sought to highlight the plight of its residents .
Many who have been displaced have begun to lose hope .
They have returned to their damaged homes , patching them up or camping outdoors , while they wait for promised financial support and construction materials so they can rebuild .
More than $ 5bn ( £3.4bn ) was pledged in international aid . However the authorities in Gaza say little has arrived .
Banksy has previously visited the occupied West Bank at least twice .
Image caption Rage , Flower Thrower , in Beit Sahur , depicts a protester wearing throwing a bouquet of flowers
Image caption Stop and Search , painted on a hotel wall in Bethlehem , shows an Israeli soldier being patted down by a girl
Their street artworks in Bethlehem - including some on Israel 's separation barrier - are now a tourist attraction .
A Banksy shop sells magnets , T-shirts and other customized souvenirs .
'Special character '
However here too , their murals have stirred up tensions . Those showing a donkey and a rat were initially thought to be insulting and were painted over .
Others were cut down and sold for much less than their true market value . Art dealers shipped at least two overseas .
`` At first nobody knew who Banksy was , not even me and I was involved in their exhibition , '' says artist , Ayed Arafah from Bethlehem 's Dheisha refugee camp .
Image caption Ayed Arafah says Palestinians have slowly realised the worth of Banksy 's artwork
`` Artists could see their work had a special character but other people just thought they were like any other international [ figure ] who came to make graffiti on the wall and support the Palestinian cause . ''
`` But then it became clear how many foreigners came to see the work and slowly people realised what it was worth . ''
`` Now I think that even if [ Banksy ] drew something very small - even a dot - people might cut down their walls and try to sell it . ''
This is part 2 of Loops in Lisp . Click here to view the previous post on how you can build any iteration abstraction you want out of just goto and macros .
The loop macro is probably the most well known of all macros . It provides a DSL for performing any kind of iteration imaginable . To give you an idea of just how powerful loop is , here are the first two Project Euler problems , solved using just loop :
; ; Solution for problem # 1 . ( loop for i from 1 below 1000 if ( or ( = 0 ( mod i 3 ) ) ( = 0 ( mod i 5 ) ) ) sum i ) ; ; Solution for problem # 2 . ( loop for a = 1 then ( + a b ) and b = 0 then a while ( < a 4000000 ) if ( evenp a ) sum a )
The coolest part of loop is that it is just a macro ! That means it would be possible to build loop in Common Lisp , even if it was n't provided as a builtin ( here is one such implementation ) . That also means any loop code is eventually compiled down to goto ! For example , here is the expansion of the solution to the first Project Euler problem :
( block nil ( let ( ( i 1 ) ) ( declare ( type ( and real number ) i ) ) ( let ( ( # : loop-sum-2482 0 ) ) ( declare ( type number # : loop-sum-2482 ) ) ( tagbody sb-loop : :next-loop ( if ( > = i '1000 ) ( progn ( go sb-loop : :end-loop ) ) nil ) ( if ( let ( ( # : g2483 ( = 0 ( mod i 3 ) ) ) ) ( if # : g2483 # : g2483 ( the t ( = 0 ( mod i 5 ) ) ) ) ) ( setq # : loop-sum-2482 ( + # : loop-sum-2482 i ) ) ) ( setq i ( 1+ i ) ) ( go sb-loop : :next-loop ) sb-loop : :end-loop ( return-from nil # : loop-sum-2482 ) ) ) ) )
If you look carefully , the expansion is nothing more than a mix of a few gotos and conditionals . Also , even though the generated code is a complete mess , you are able to work with it through interface provided by loop . Even though loop is fairly complex , it is still much simpler than raw gotos . If you think about it , loop is really just a convenient way of specifying a combination of patterns of gotos and conditionals .
I dont have much to add about loop that others havent already said . If you are looking for a basic introduction to loop you should read Peter Seibels guide which can be found here . If you are looking for a more complete reference , check out the loop chapter in Common Lisp the Language which can be found here .
While all of the features of loop compose well with each other , they do not compose well with the rest of Common Lisp . You can not embed a loop clause ( e.g . collect ) within ordinary lisp code . That brings us to what will be next weeks topic , iterate . Iterate is basically a more lispy version of loop . It allows you to seamlessly go between iterate clauses and regular Lisp code . More importantly , iterate allows you to define macros that then become part of to iterate DSL !
Of `` Guardians of the Galaxy , '' the exec says , `` I 'm not going to predict that we 've got another `` Avengers '' on our hands , but that 's certainly the goal . ''
As impressive as the performance of Marvel Studios has been to date , Disney CEO Bob Iger wants you to know that the best is yet to come .
“ Marvel is , as far as we 're concerned , just getting started , ” Iger told investors during a Disney conference call on Tuesday . “ The results of [ Captain America : The Winter Soldier ] , though , I think , are very , very telling , because when you look at the film that is approaching almost $ 700 million in global box office , I think $ 680 million , and you compare that to Captain America 1 , which did under $ 400 million worldwide and even look at it versus Thor movies , a few of the Iron Man movies , you 're looking at a film that has actually done substantially better than a lot of the Marvel films that we put out . ”
STORY : ‘ Guardians of the Galaxy ' : ‘ Not a Typical Superhero Movie ' ( Video )
Iger said that Marvel 's success with movies released in May includes “ the two biggest domestic openings of all time , ” adding that the studio “ will continue this tradition with Avengers : Age of Ultron next year and Captain America 3 in 2016 . ”
They pointed out that “ it 's clear that momentum is building ” for the Avengers movies , and said that Guardians of the Galaxy — a film that has “ strong franchise potential , ” they said at one point — could be just as big . “ I 'm not going to predict that we 've got another Avengers on our hands , but that 's certainly the goal , ” they said .
Avengers : Age of Ultron is scheduled for release May 3 , 2015 . Guardians of the Galaxy is scheduled for release August 1 , 2014 .
When you consider the three main headliners at Glastonbury 2014 , it hardly seems to have the makings of a classic line-up . For one thing , they are all guitar-based rock bands , from the epic indie vistas of Arcade Fire on Friday night to the monster metal riffs of Metallica on Saturday and electro lad anthems of Kasabian closing things down on Sunday . You could have stuck them all on the bill at Reading , Leeds or The Isle Of White and no one would have blinked an eye but Glastonbury has gained a reputation for something a bit richer and more eclectic . Where is this year 's populist superstar , like U2 and Beyonce in 2011 , or The Rolling Stones in 2013 – the kind of artist who , whether you like them or loathe them , at least you have an opinion and actually know some of their songs ?
To which Glastonbury veterans will probably knowingly respond with a smug smile and an exhortation to chill . If you do n't want to be pummelled by the mighty macho Metallica , you can drift over to the West Holt stage to catch the sophisticated grooves of legendary lounge lizard Bryan Ferry or head to the Acoustic tent for some rambunctious Celtic Soul from Dexys Midnight Runners . You could go clubbing with Fatboy Slim in the Sonic tent , or , if you are really too young to know better , singalong to the reheated Britpop of Jake Bugg on the Other Stage . There is always something else going on at Glastonbury , even if it 's just some chakra realignment in an incense spiced healing tent . Glastonbury is so vast and wide ranging it effectively ends up as a bespoke experience . Whether it turns out to be a classic festival or not rather depends on where you find yourself at any given moment .
For my money , Metallica are likely to be one of the hits of the festival .
It is true that they have a divisive sound and style , they are loud and fast , do n't have much going on in the way of melody , their blood curdling lyrics are generally indecipherable and only their own devoted fan base are likely to recognise any of the songs . On the other hand , they have had thirty years to establish themselves as one of the most powerful heavy rock bands ever to hit a stage , the kind of thing everybody should experience at least once , so why not experience it amongst a crowd of similarly bemused revellers intent on enjoying themselves come rain or come shine ? Perhaps especially come rain .
The truth is the weather has a great deal more significance than music when it comes to the classic Glastonbury experience . When it rains , the entire site becomes a quagmire that has to be battled through and simply surviving the elements becomes a greater preoccupation than whether a particular band have the right touchy feely organic spirit to chime with the prevailing hippie ethos of Britain 's longest running festival . It can be tremendous fun , because if you are there , you might as well do your best to enjoy it , inspiring that great British wartime spirit of grumbling togetherness .
Rashi Bhatnagar gave up their career as a journalist when they left India in 2009 and moved to the US on an H-4 dependent visa . For years , they struggled with frustration because their visa status did not allow them to work in the US . But in 2015 , they saw a sliver of hope after the erstwhile Barack Obama administration allowed the spouses of H-1B workers awaiting green card approval to apply for work permits of their own .
At that time , Bhatnagar was looking after their infant son and was in the middle of moving to another state in the US . So , although they applied for and secured their employment authorisation document ( EAD ) , they never ended up using it . Only now was they preparing to getting their career back on track and working to set up their own company—that is until last week 's developments took them back to square one .
On Dec. 14 , the Donald Trump administration disclosed its plans to discuss a proposal to discontinue the work permits of H-4 visa holders in 2018 . If the move goes through , it 'll have an outsized impact on the spouses of countless Indian H-1B workers , and their families , in the US , where green card application procedures can stretch upwards of 12 years . Since 2015 , over 104,000 spouses were granted EADs . A large number of these would likely be from the sub-continent as Indians receive a major chunk of the H-1B visas every year .
“ I was about to get my company registered . I wanted to hire people . It would have generated employment and yielded taxes , ” Bhatnagar told Quartz . “ Right now , I have put my business plan to a halt because of this sudden news . ”
The damage
On the Facebook group “ H-4 visa—a curse , ” started by Bhatnagar in 2011 , hundreds of women—90 % of all H-4 visa holders are women—have shared their dismay and resentment over the years . Most are stories of loneliness and boredom . Less often , there are accounts of depression , anxiety , and even domestic violence .
Then there 's the question of money because an H-4 spouse remaining unemployed can often put a lot of financial pressure on families . Single-income households find it difficult to cope with heavy mortgages and other payments as they try to build a life in the US , said Poorvi Chothani , managing partner at an immigration law firm LawQuest .
And the constraints extend far beyond realising the American dream .
“ What we do n't often talk about is remittances , ” said Divya Ravindranath , a PhD candidate at Washington University who is researching the implications of visa regulations and labour market restrictions on Indian immigrant women in the US . “ Often , a woman ca n't even think about supporting their parents ( back in India ) because the husband is already supporting theirs and they do n't have enough income , ” they added .
Societal pressures back home also start playing up . “ People get embarrassed to go into social gatherings . They feel a sense of loss , ” Ravindranath said . “ Women who could have done well in India—they 're highly educated and had stable jobs in the past—are now sitting at home . ”
That includes women like Sarika Kadam , who moved to the US after their arranged marriage to an IT professional in 2002 . “ My dream was to get into investment banking in the US , ” they told Quartz last year , but had to sit at home for years despite their qualifications as no employer would sponsor them H-1B .
The impact on one 's psychological well-being could potentially lead to marital discord or even child abuse . ” We 've seen terrible cases of domestic violence . In one instance , the frustration was taken out on the family where the mother attacked their own children , ” said Chothani of LawQuest .
Looming fears
Meghna Demani remembers , when H-4 visa holders began getting back to work in 2015 , how these women were transformed . A former model and business school graduate who went on to make a documentary about their life on the H-4 , Damani saw women around their “ going from fearful and anxious housewives to confident and happy working women contributing to the future of their families ” upon receiving their EADs , they told Quartz .
Luckily for Damani , they became a citizen this year , but the uncertainty around work permits is wreaking havoc in the lives of hundreds of spouses who are in a limbo . And the fear is n't just that more people wo n't get EADs . Those who already have it and have begun working or setting up their own businesses worry they will slip back again .
“ The lack of consideration for immigrant families with this kind of back and forth on visa rules not only shows the lack of humanism in the current administration but also a lack of long-range common sense thinking , ” Damani said . “ As a country of immigrants that is in need of highly skilled workers ( who naturally have spouses and children ) , this kind of wishy-washiness on visa rules is going to discourage great talent from wanting to enter the country . ”
The strings are tightening not just for the dependents , but even the H-1B workers . Data from the US Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) shows that the high-skilled visa programme is getting harder to crack . One in four applications between January and August were sent back via “ requests for further evidence , ” the Wall Street Journal reported ( paywall ) . Fewer than one in five were sent back last year . And president Trump has made no bones about how they want to change the H-1B system with their “ Buy American , Hire American ” executive order in April 2017 .
“ More and more families are fed up and happier not coming or staying in the US , ” Damani added , “ …the price they have to pay is too high . ”
Approaches To WordPress Theme Development
What makes a WordPress theme ? The simplest answer is PHP , HTML , CSS , JavaScript , and assets like images and other embedded media . But before these elements are forged into something beautiful you must decide on how your theme will be built and its intended use . Philip Arthur Moore expands on a recent WordCamp talk about four different approaches to theming and offers the benefit of their experience to help you decide on a route that 's right for you and your projects .
Parent And Child Themes Bundle Up
The Twenty Somethings — Twenty Ten , Twenty Eleven , and Twenty Twelve — are all perfect examples of themes created to function as standalone default WordPress themes and provide graceful support for child theming .
Out of its box , Twenty Twelve delivers a mobile-first design that accommodates clean typography , styling for multiple post formats , and CMS-ready page templates . At the same time , it 's completely customizable by way of child theming , or theme inheritance .
Parent themes pass on all their traits to their children , and when coded intelligently they allow their children to modify , add , or remove parent functionality entirely . This means taking advantage of core WordPress action and filter hooks to set theme defaults , appropriately outputting scripts and styles to page headers , and softly modifying fallback arguments for template tags .
When custom , non-hooked functions are used in good parent themes they are made pluggable ; and , in general , parent theme stylesheets do not aggressively rely on ID selectors . In short , ideal parent themes are by themselves just right on the front-end and fully moddable on the back-end .
The maximum benefit of the parent-child approach is that child themes are relatively simple to create : a style.css file housed in its own folder is all that 's required . This means that WordPress developers who actively offer theme support are able to provide straightforward customization guidance to DIY users . The learning curve for rapidly creating child themes is gentle .
One downside of relying on the parent-child theme model is that any post-launch changes made to a parent will directly affect a child theme — sometimes with negative results . Because child themes take on all the code of their parents unless specific overrides are in place , even the most seemingly innocuous improvements to a parent theme can have far-reaching effects to its child themes .
If , for example , a parent theme author decides to modify internationalized strings , change from an ID-based styling system to a class-based styling system , or change a hook on which a custom function fires , they should carefully consider the fact that child themers may need to update their translations , rewrite their child stylesheets , and update their custom , hooked functions .
Theme Frameworks By Developers , For Developers
In a previous life I developed commercial WordPress themes for an outfit named Graph Paper Press . Its mission was — and still remains — to create sleek , minimalist themes for photographers and other creative people .
With every new theme we developed , we kept running into the same questions : How do we speed up development time and cut down on code repetition ? How do we ensure maximum control when it comes to customizing an out-of-the-box theme without breaking future upgrades ? And how do we manage all of the custom functions that we 're developing and use in every new theme that we ship out ? For a time , a theme framework was the answer we came up with .
At their most complex , theme frameworks act as code libraries that aid in developing highly functional child themes . Theme frameworks are advanced incarnations of the parent-child theme approach and , when acting alone as parent themes , look like slightly baren fields waiting to for us to sow the seeds of our next best theme . Frameworks and their children feel codependent .
The reason theme frameworks are so fantastic for developers is that they allow an unparalleled level of fine-grained control over all aspects of a theme 's functionality and design . Frameworks offer custom actions and filters , custom callbacks for core-supported hooks , and blurred lines between plugin and theme territory . “ I can make this theme do anything , ” is what developers who make frameworks say .
In the WordPress.org self-hosted side of the theme landscape , theme frameworks are a viable approach for commercial theme developers who have little-to-no control over a customer 's hosting environment .
Where theme frameworks sometimes fail is that they are — for the average WordPress user — impossible to either understand or easily modify . Whereas with a bundled theme such as Twenty Twelve the process of overriding a template file or function is fairly straightforward , doing the same with a theme framework can be anything but .
The theme framework learning curve is steep , so much so that the most popular theme frameworks in the commercial market today have customization economies created around them for user support . Understandably , users who are forced to not only purchase a theme but also simple customization services often share their frustration with this development approach .
One more point to consider when developing with theme frameworks is the possibility of code bloat . Because they act as libraries , theme frameworks must include every function that will ever be called in a child theme . Maintenance and upkeep aside , keeping track of all the custom functions and custom hooks created by a theme framework is important . So too is good code organization in a framework . You may decide that this is too much overhead for a small project .
Theme frameworks absolutely have their rightful place in the WordPress ecosystem — they make life easier for developers but can create problems for the DIY user . Well-supported theme frameworks feel these effects much less than those that are left to rot on the vine .
Starter Themes A Wrangler 's Playground
At Automattic we — the WordPress.com Theme Team — face the challenge of finding , developing , and launching high-quality WordPress themes for millions of users .
We tackle this primarily by three methods : exploring WordPress.org Extend for stunning , fully GPL-compatible themes ; partnering with premium WordPress theme shops who code well and provide superior support ; and by crafting our own in-house themes .
For Automattic-developed themes we rely on the starter theme _s , also known as Underscores . A starter theme is , as indicated by its nomenclature , used as a project head start .
At its essence Underscores is a toolbox — in fact one of its predecessors is named Toolbox — that contains just enough PHP , HTML , and JavaScript to rapidly get a new theme off of the ground . It 's the 80 % of a theme that results from 20 % of up-front effort .
A close inspection of Underscores ‘ stylesheet reveals resets and sensible typography , asset alignment rules for WordPress-uploaded media , and proper multi-level primary navigation styling . In addition , rules for screen reader text , post navigation links , and multi-author blogs are also present . “ Just enough but not too much , ” is the mantra of a starter theme 's stylesheet , where the primary goal of any code added is to avoid repetitive future work .
Lean , well-commented , modern template files are a hallmark of Underscores , as well as example code for oft-used theme features such as custom headers and theme customizer integration . And because the code that 's used is always the starting point of every new theme on WordPress.com , it 's well-vetted for security and WordPress best practices .
An important distinction between parent themes and starter themes is in how they are developed . Whereas every change to a parent theme brings with it the potential of adversely affecting all child themes that rely on it , with starter themes there is no concern .
Starter themes are not parent themes , and should never be used as such . They are meant to be constantly iterated upon and in flux . They exist to make launches happen faster and make code quality better with each new theme launch . The Underscores of today is markedly different than the initial version that launched , which means that the practice of always making it better is succeeding .
Without a doubt the largest speed bump to using starter themes is that in this development model there is no bug fix and enhancement inheritance that 's enjoyed by the parent-child theme workflow . If a critical bug fix occurs on the canonical version of _s , then manual updates to every theme spun off of all prior versions must take place .
With time , however , this negative aspect of starter themes is greatly diminished . Every time Underscores are used to begin a new project , a fresh set of eyes audits its code pre-launch , meaning that gradually the process of large-scale manual bug fixes to old starter theme code fades away .
Building From Scratch Freelancers And Agencies Unite
The major assumption I 've made up until this point is that you 're developing a WordPress theme to release it publicly . When we drop these approaches in favor of one more tailored for client work , starting from scratch emerges as another clear option .
When I write “ starting from scratch , ” what I really mean is ignoring , for the most part , commonly held WordPress theme guidelines and doing only what is absolutely needed for integrating WordPress into a project .
A theme that contains only a single stylesheet and a few template files would not be accepted on WordPress.org or WordPress.com , but that does n't mean it would n't be completely appropriate for a one-off gig or WordPress-powered microsite . After all , all that 's needed for a theme to properly operate is a stylesheet and an index file .
Similarly , large-scale projects that are a mashup of theme , plugin , and web application are not well-accounted for by the approaches I 've covered above . For these projects the best way forward will likely be dictated by budget , time , and administrative constraints . For all three limits , using a starter theme will at the very least act as a sanity buffer .
Go Forth And Theme
So : parent-child themes , theme frameworks , starter themes , or building your theme from scratch ? Now that you know a little bit more about the pros and cons of each , you 'll be able to make better decisions on personal and client projects alike .
Each approach exists as a scenario-specific response , and I 'm confident that in the future more interesting problems and solutions will emerge as WordPress themes evolve . Good luck with whichever approach you choose , and may your adventures in wrangling always be fantastic .
Based on “ IMG_0270.jpg ” by Hello Turkey Toe , CC-BY-2.0 .
21.874303 -159.447403
Screenshot by Scott Webster/CNET
Let 's face it , Google+ is a divisive topic . Depending on whom you ask , it can be either the fastest growing social network of all time or simply a dead man walking . Just about everyone has an opinion about it , including me .
But no matter what you think of it , Google+ is about more than just connecting with friends , especially if you 're an Android fan . Specifically , I 'm referring to Google+ Communities , which can be a terrific resource for help , inspiration , and topical discussion .
One of the great things about Google+ Communities is that anyone can create them . Be it one person with a passion for a particular subject or a world famous brand with a product to sell , Google+ makes it easy for people to rally behind a shared cause .
I 've gathered up a number of Google+ communities which I recommend for Android and other smartphone users . Whether you 're brand new to Android and just learning the ropes or looking to dive deep into hacking and modding there 's something for everyone .
Newbies
You just bought your first Android device and you 're trying to get a better handle on it . Where to begin ? You 'll likely need a bit of hand-holding in these early days as you explore apps , games , news , and reviews . To that end , there are some wonderful catch-all communities that speak to a wide Android audience .
To get started , I recommend joining a couple of options . One is handed by the folks over at AndroidCentral , a major player in the news , rumors , and review space ; the other is a public venue for a wide assortment of topics . With more than 600,000 members between them , you 'll find everything from unboxing pictures and screen shots to benchmark results and industry leaks .
As you 'd expect , you 'll find a fair share of iPhone and Windows Phone bashing . Drill down by a specific category , though , and you can discover people who genuinely love the platform and want to help others . Need help with app recommendations or have a question specific to your device ? Chances are very good that you 'll get what you need .
See also : Android Games , Android , Android Authority , Android Apps , All About Android
Screenshot by Scott Webster/CNET
Off the beaten path
Now you 're more confident about your smartphone and have a solid understanding of things , let 's check out some other fun , Android-related communities that might of interest .
For those who like to take pictures with their smartphones ( who does n't ? ) and share them with others I suggest Android Photography . Split over categories such as Photo Spheres , Movies , Discussion , and Applications , it 's a first-rate destination for established and aspiring shutterbugs .
The Android Collectible community is the perfect venue for those who like to get their hands on Android-inspired products . Although it 's largely based around the collectible figures from Dead Zebra , you 'll find one-off designs , modifications , and other custom Android swag .
If you 're into the wearable and smartwatch space then you might want to swing by Android Wear or Glass Explorers . Both cater to a smaller demographic but each can be invaluable in their own right . You 'll find a slightly more technical crowd but one that 's also very passionate .
Screenshot by Scott Webster/CNET
Tweakers and themers
Seasoned and savvier Android users looking to customize their experience often begin by changing the launchers , icons , and widgets of their device . Swapping out wallpapers is also an easy way to breathe fresh air into a smartphone or tablet . Fortunately for this crowd , there 's an abundance of communities centered around theming .
A few of the more popular Google+ communities dedicated to the minor modification include Android Wallpapers , Android Themes , UCCW : World of Widgets , and Zooper Widget Gallery . Between this quartet you 'll find a smorgasbord of inspirational designs , handcrafted widgets , and stunning backgrounds for your Android .
See also : Wallpapers Icons , Themes , and Widgets , Android Home Screen Themes , Nova Launcher Beta , and DashClock Widget .
Rooting and modding
If you 're the technically inclined and adventurous type , you 'll probably dabble a bit in rooting your Android . This , too , is a landscape that lends itself well to Google+ communities .
Some of the more reputable custom ROMs have dedicated communities , including CyanogenMod , and Paranoid Android . This is where you 'll encounter a group of hardcore enthusiasts who like to push their Android to new limits . For those who prefer to be on the cutting edge or like to beta test features I suggest swinging by these groups .
It also may be worth digging around some of the more specific categories for the asupervisorstioned communities . Sometimes the best help is a tucked away in a darker corner . If you pay attention to some of the more prolific posters and mods for these communities you can quickly get a sense for where the answers might be hiding .
Developers
Some of the best , and largest , communities are designed for Android and other mobile developers . Google+ offers a handful of solid outlets where wannabe coders can rub elbows with more polished teams .
For help in design principles and guidelines I recommend checking Android App Design . At 110,000+ members and growing it 's an official Android Developers community . Here you 'll find tips , tricks , mockups , screenshots , and other helpful tools for creating the best-looking apps .
Screenshot by Scott Webster/CNET
The Android Development community casts a wider net and can be integral in addressing bugs or best practices . Need access to an API or want help modifying your code ? Google 's official community for developing on Android should be stopped number one .
See also : Google I/O , Android Wear Developers , Android Developer Tools , and Android L Developer Preview
And that 's not all
These are but a few of the Google+ communities built around Android . Take a closer look and you 'll also find that developers have put together their own communities for beta testing applications and games . What 's more , wireless carriers , device manufacturers , and other industry brands will occasionally hang out in unofficial gathering places .
Are you using Google+ communities as it pertains to getting more out of Android ? If so , what are some of your favorite destinations and resources ? Please feel free to leave a comment with your picks below .
The real white supremacists
After Charlottesville , the rallies both in favor of tearing down and in favor of protecting the statues of the Confederate political leaders and military will go on for weeks and months , maybe years . Debates about the propriety of keeping standing statues of the military who died at Gettysburg and of presidents who were slave owners will be rancorous and ongoing for some time . Statue vandalism may become widespread . Strangely , last week , a bust of Lincoln , one of the only non-slave owner presidents of the pre-Civil War era , was destroyed in Chicago , and graffiti was painted on the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , D.C . But with much ado about the reminders of the slavery version of white supremacy in our country during the pre-1861 era , the true and most destructive version of white supremacy seems to be passing under the radar of our black leaders . The real white supremacy advocacy that is ongoing and far more injurious to the black population than slavery is the disproportionate destruction of black fetuses in our abortion facilities . Most of these facilities , especially those in our inner cities , are operated or funded by Planned Parenthood .
In 1921 , Margaret Higgins Sanger founded the American Birth Control League . The League 's name was changed to Planned Parenthood in 1942 . There is much controversy about whether or not Ms. Sanger supported eugenics against black people ; some of their writings and occasional speeches at Ku Klux Klan meetings indicate that they did . Regardless of whether Planned Parenthood 's founder intended to limit black births or not , the situation today speaks for itself . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that since 1973 , 50.8 million fetuses have been aborted in the United States . Nineteen million , or 37.4 % , of these were black . The 2010 census shows total U.S. population at 308.7 million , with 37.9 million , or 12.3 % , of black ethnicity . So whether or not Ms. Sanger advocated eugenics against blacks , the legacy of their organization is clearly following a path biased in favor of the elimination of black fetuses at a rate proportionately 300 % greater than for other races . Approximately 900 black fetuses are being aborted every day . The correct white supremacy target in our country is the organization that is reducing black population growth : Planned Parenthood . Black leaders should recognize that those in and out of politics who support Planned Parenthood are not their friends .
In July Claire Kober , the leader of Haringey Council in London , was forced to fight off a vote of no confidence by fellow councillors after accusations of ‘ social cleansing ' resulting from the highly controversial ‘ Haringey Development Vehicle ' ( HDV ) .
The HDV is a public-private property development partnership that locals claim has been pushed through without consulting them and will damage the local community . Locals have tried to fight it in court and a local councillor has said they are so disgusted by Ms Kober 's behaviour , including alleged ‘ interference ' in council candidate selections , that they will step down as a councillor rather than stand alongside them as a candidate in next spring 's local elections .
So it was with some delight that right-wing Labour figures greeted the reselection of Ms Kober – who was supported by the right-wing Evening Standard – as the council candidate for Seven Sisters ward . However , there were also tweets by locals expressing disquiet about how that reselection was achieved .
The reasons for the disquiet have been passed to the SKWAWKBOX – and the allegations , if true , are indeed disturbing .
The likely timetable for candidate selections , in wards across the country where local elections will be contested next May , has been known for some time . In autumn 2016 , a suspicious spike in memberships was noted in Seven Sisters ward by the executive of Tottenham CLP ( constituency Labour party ) – around sixty-five new members over a 2-week period , with twenty on a single day .
The most suspicious factor was the high incidence of whole families joining at once and recording the same mobile number and email address for all members of the family , including teenagers . The email addresses were business ones , not personal ones . All were reduced ( concessionary ) membership and paid through a single credit card transaction .
The matter was reported to Labour 's London region and to compliance by the Tottenham ‘ exec ' , who advised that no action could be taken on the basis of shared email addresses and mobile numbers .
Apparently , none of the new members turned up for any branch activities .
In December 2016 , the LCF ( local campaign forum ) met and began discussing a timetable for selection . Locals allege that Ms Kober surprised the meeting by insisting on a timetable that would not begin until September 2017 – and that they had canvassed support for this and it was agreed , by a majority of one vote .
This commencement date meant that the new members in Seven Sisters would be able to vote in the selection because they joined before the January freeze date . However , the new members were also due to lapse a year after they had joined .
By the time selections were due to begin all were due to renew their subscriptions . They began lapsing or falling into arrears in large numbers . In October 2017 , locals allege that Ms Kober began lobbying the LCF to hurry the selections . Even though , the initial stage of selection was still incomplete , Ms Kober allegedly wrote to the LCF repeatedly , arguing that selections needed to begin without delay .
On the night of the Seven Sisters shortlisting meeting more than forty ‘ in arrears ' members paid at the door of the meeting to bring their membership fees up to date . Witnesses present at the meeting say that whole families with ‘ bewildered-looking ' teens arrived and over £700 in cash was handed over – some alleged as much as £1,000 :
Ms Kober won the selection vote .
Local members insist that the circumstances surrounding Ms Kober 's reselection are suspicious . It appears that there is enough cause for concern that Labour 's regional office and the local board should investigate and , if suspicions prove to be well-founded , re-run the selection meeting ensuring that only bona fide members participate .
Ms Kober was contacted for comment . At the time of publication , some six hours after the deadline offered , they have not responded .
The SKWAWKBOX needs your support . This blog is provided free of charge but depends on the generosity of its readers to be viable . If you can afford to , please click here to arrange a one-off or modest monthly donation via PayPal . Thanks for your solidarity so this blog can keep bringing you information the Establishment would prefer you not to know about .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Around the winter holidays , families , fashionistas , and ordinary Joes alike flock to the impressively-decorated department store windows on New York 's Fifth Avenue . Lush fabrics and mechanized displays delight viewers , and lure them inside to shop .
From 1929 to 1980 , Bonwit Teller was one of those dazzling wintertime stops , a high style ladies ' retailer on Fifth Avenue .
But , Bonwit Teller 's window displays were much more than glitter and women 's wear . In 1929 , the store hired their first artist as window display designer : the eccentric Salvador Dalí . And a fascinating history of creative collaborations was born .
1939 : Salvador Dalí
Surrealist Salvador Dalí , who once declared “ I myself am surrealism ” designed two themed windows for the store in 1939 – one representing Day and the other Night .
In the Day window , Narcissus is personified . Three wax hands holding mirrors reached out of a bathtub lined with black lambskin and filled with water . A mannequin entered the tub in a scant outfit of green feathers . For the Night window , the feet of a poster bed are replaced by buffalo legs and the canopy is topped by its pigeon-eating head . A wax mannequin sat nearby on a bed of coals .
Neither was the most appealing to 5th Avenue shoppers and soon the store censored Dalí 's “ crazed ” display , replacing it with regular store mannequins in suits . In a rage , the artist jumped into the window display and attempted to pull their bathtub from the floor . It slipped . Both artist and tub crashed through the front window !
1955 : Jasper Johns & Robert Rauschenberg
Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg were already artists when they began working as freelance window dressers at Bonwit Teller in 1955 ; however , they were still fairly unknown in the mainstream art world . Using the pseudonym “ Matson Jones , ” the collaborative pair exhibited their modern artworks behind fashionable mannequins regularly through the 1950s .
In this year , Johns and Rauschenberg collaborated on a few rare works , including a cyanotype photography print Jasper Johns Blue Ceiling in 1955 . Images of these cyanotypes , which Rauschenberg began creating with their wife four years earlier , had been reprinted in the April 1951 issue of Life magazine . At Bonwit Teller , the collaborative Matson Jones photography creations were given new life in display as commercial backdrop .
But , many of the artworks shown at Bonwit Teller would follow an opposite pattern : later becoming the artists ' most famous in galleries . Johns ' first flag painting White Flag on Orange Field was hung in the shop 's window in 1957 . And Rauschenberg displayed an altered Untitled ( Red Combine Painting ) there in 1957 .
1959 : James Rosenquist
Before they “ joined ” Pop art , James Rosenquist was a commercial artist . They were employed as a billboard painter for a number of years and in 1959 , they also began designing display windows for Bonwit Teller . Robert Rauschenberg helped get them the gig .
Rosenquist describes the experience in their 2009 memoir , Painting Below Zero : “ By the late 1950s I 'd begun to lead a double life . In the daytime I painted billboards and designed display windows for Bonwit Teller , Tiffany , and Bloomingdale 's ; at night and on weekends I hung out with artists and painted . ”
1961 : Andy Warhol
Warhol , like Rosenquist , had been a commercial artist for many years – an illustrator specifically . In 1951 , Bonwit Teller display director Gene Moore hired Warhol to provide artwork for the shop 's windows , as an extension of their work as a commercial artist . As an avant-garde Pop artist , Warhol 's work was not being taken seriously in New York at the time ; the New York School painting style still ruled the mainstream art world .
But 1961 brought their big break . The artist hung five paintings behind department store models and announced the significance of their own artwork – lowbrow subjects with a cheeky take on consumerism . The paintings were based on comic book strips and newspaper advertisements , and the stylishly dressed mannequins in front played directly with the idea of art as advertising .
For more than 50 years , Bonwit Teller had an eye for the New York avant-garde art scene ; but , it seems that all good things must come to an end . In 1979 the shop was shuttered and acquired by magnate investor Donald Trump . By 1983 a tall , shiny skyscraper had replaced it ­­– the infamous mixed-use Trump Tower , home to both rapper Jay-Z and the Gucci flagship store .
Trump Tower rises from the Fifth Avenue site today but its art history significance is nothing compared to that of the late Bonwit Teller department store . Under Moore 's direction in the midcentury , Bonwit Teller gave many modern artists their starts in the world of art and design . With free creative reign , avant-garde artists experimented in the department store window , turning a glass case into an alternative art space , and introducing the public to new and exciting styles .
Today , we see these kinds of collaborations between artist and fashion houses frequently . Perhaps they , too , have Bonwit Teller to thank !
The New York Times ran an obituary-like commemoration of the ladies ' department store in 2014 . For more facts and figures on Bonwit Teller , read it here : http : //www.nytimes.com/2014/10/05/realestate/fifth-avenue-bonwit-teller-opulence-lost.html
Details How to Use About the Brand Shipping & Returns
What it is : A wardrobe of textures and dazzling hues that come together in a couture color palette presented in a luxe , lacquered case . What it does : This curated collection of richly pigmented , velvety hues features vivid jewel tones , classic neutrals , and high-impact fashion shades that glide on smoothly to highlight , line , and define eyes for unlimited looks . The hybrid cream-infused powder formulations release infinitely smooth and extremely blendable pigments for seamless color transitions with unprecedented buildability . The perfect balance of gorgeous finishes and intense shades structure , design , and define eyes with crystalline pearl flashes and thrilling color effects . Beam beyond the spectrum and paint with light to accentuate and highlight the natural beauty of the face . Ten richly pigmented hues include fiery coppers , poetic pinks , polymorphic jewels , brilliant bronze and iconic matte neutrals . This palette contains : - 10 x Eyeshadows in Skinshow Glow ( champagne pink pearl ) , Copper Toned ( soft reddish brown ) , Iconic ( neutral bronze gold ) , Rose Dusk ( soft reddish mauve ) , Dark ( rich warm brown ) , Xtreme Black ( ultimate black ) , Bronze 005 ( metallic warm brown ) , Astral Ghost Orchid ( white iridescent with pink ) , VR Nectar ( peachy pink with gold pearl ) , Blitz Emerald ( blackened green with lilac pearl )
Suggested Usage :
Follow the steps to achieve these classic Pat McGrath editorial eye looks :
Sunset BlvdMetallic Taupe Smokey Eye with Glowing Amber Inner Corner :
-Using the blending brush , apply a wash of Iconic across eyelids , use your fingertip to build the color to the desired intensity .
-Sweep Dark through the crease blending outward while wrapping the color around and into the lower lash line .
-Intensify the lash line by tight lining with Xtreme Black on the outer corners with a damped liner brush .
-Smudge and blend Dark between the upper and lower lash line to accentuate and elongate the eye shape .
-Finish the look by illuminating the inner corner with Virtual Reality Nectar .
Eye EnvyUltra Glamourous Emerald Green Smokey Eye with Brilliant Bronze Accents :
-Apply Blitz Emerald to the entire eyelid , press the pigment with your finger to build up the intensity .
-Sweep Dark with the blending brush though the crease of the eyelid , outer corner , and near the lower lash line , blending it out to accentuate the eye shape .
-Accentuate and further the dimension by blending Xtreme Black within the outer contour of the crease , softly diffusing the pigment for an elongated effect .
-Using a dampened brush , dab Bronze 005 to the inner corner for an exhilarating eye opening effect .
Sublime GlowMultidimensional Diffused Copper Hue Divinity :
-Use Copper Toned to build the base blending outwards and upwards to the brow bone .
-Add Iconic to create subtle depth in the crease of the eyelid and soft definition near lower lash line .
-Take it to the next level and transform the lid color by pressing Virtual Reality Nectar with your finger tip until reaching desired effect .
-Illuminate the inner corners with Astral Ghost Orchid for captivating luminosity .
-Finish the look by sweeping Skinshow Glow with the blending brush onto the brow bone for sublime illumination .
The IRS , the feared government agency that demands a chunk of everyone 's income , is apparently depriving other organizations of their income by failing to get its house in order . During a recent audit it was discovered that the IRS was running two dozen software products that it could not produce licenses for . Maybe it 's time to put them head to head with the Business Software Alliance for a settlement battle royal .
As the famous quote from Benjamin Franklin goes , there are only two certain things in life – death and taxes .
We all pay taxes and in the United States its the job of the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) to scoop up the cash from the public and place it in government coffers . It 's currently collecting somewhere north of $ 2.5 trillion and has a budget in excess of $ 12 billion .
But despite all the money rolling around and the IRS 's ability to suck up the last dollar from errant payers , it apparently has trouble keeping its computer department in order . According to the findings of a recent audit , the IRS is in quite a mess when it comes to paying for software it 's using and not paying for stuff that it is n't .
“ The proper management of software licenses helps to minimize risks by ensuring that licenses are used in compliance with licensing agreements and cost-effectively deployed , and that software purchasing and maintenance expenses are properly controlled . This audit was initiated to determine whether the IRS is adequately managing software licenses , ” the report from the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration begins .
Thanks to rightsholders ' efforts to toughen up the law , the effective managing of software licenses is a serious business . Running unlicensed software can constitute a breach of federal copyright law , something a government agency such as the IRS should seek to avoid . According to the report , it seems to have failed .
“ The IRS is not adequately performing software license management and is not adhering to Federal requirements and recommended industry best practices . The IRS does not have enterprisewide or local policies , procedures , and requirements for software license management , ” the report states .
As a result the audit discovered that out of a total 27 products examined , proper licensing documentation could be produced for only three of them .
The Treasury Inspector General also notes that in 2011 the IRS spent $ 235 million on computer software and that efficient and cost-effective management of those resources is crucial to providing efficient services to taxpayers . But somehow and in addition to the under-licensing , the IRS also managed to license software that they did n't use .
“ Until the IRS implements an effective program to manage software licenses , the IRS is incurring increased risks , ” the report adds .
“ These risks include : 1 ) not complying with licensing agreements that could result in embarrassment , legal problems , and financial liability ; 2 ) not using licenses in the most cost-effective manner ; and 3 ) not effectively using licensing data to reduce software purchase and software maintenance costs . ”
As many companies around the world will agree , not having the correct licenses for software can indeed become a financial liability . Over the years many have been targeted by the Business Software Alliance who , often acting on tips from employees , pursue companies for audits and then pressure them into settlements . Actions against under-licensed software even take place with the support of armed police .
In Belgium a company was pressured by the BSA due to under-licensed software and was told that its computers would be taken away unless it paid 30,000 euros ( $ 40,000 ) in settlement fees . The CEO of the company described the event as “ a robbery more than a check-up . ”
It 's notable that the BSA are n't barking at the heels of the IRS though , which is a bit of shame . Watching the BSA trying to extract money from the best money-collectors in the United States would be something to behold and probably the only battle in which the public would cheer for the IRS .
The last time I had broccoli and cheddar soup was probably about 5 years ago and I 've missed having it . I used to love getting it from Panera in a big bread bowl and I never thought I would get to have something like that again . Well luckily for me , I came up with this recipe over the weekend and I am so glad I did because it turned out amazing ! I am sure it does n't taste exactly like the real cheesy version , but it gets damn close . I made a huge pot of it and Adam and I finished it in one night . Even Adam 's mom could n't stop eating it and she 's a total cheese lover .
The creaminess in this recipe comes from cashew cream , of course . I 'm sorry if it 's getting old , but I just ca n't get enough of cashew cream . It 's just so perfect to use in all sorts of ways because it makes dishes luscious and rich . Unfortunately they are quite expensive to buy , but if you buy them in bulk they will last a long time and go a long way . We received a 10 lb . bag about 2 months ago from Gourmet Nuts and Dried Fruit and we 've probably made 30 recipes using them and I still have more left . If you live near a Winco grocery store , you should look for them in the bulk section because they are usually quite affordable there .
My Latest Videos
The great thing about this recipe is that it 's also a much healthier version of the original . Of course this recipe contains broccoli , but I also had a head of cauliflower in my fridge that I needed to use so I added it to the soup . I love cauliflower and I eat it quite often because it 's such a healthy vegetable ( I guess all vegetables are healthy ) . Just one serving of cauliflower contains 77 % of the daily recommended intake of vitamin C and 16 % for vitamin K. Even though it 's best to eat cauliflower raw , cooked cauliflower also contains antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds . This recipe has zero cholesterol and it contains only the fats from the cashews , vegetables and oil , which are all much better for you than saturated fat from animal products . It still has the desired satisfaction as any regular broccoli cheddar soup but without the negative attributes . If you try this recipe out , let us know in the comments below how it turns out .
They confessed that their “ sexual conduct has fallen below the standards expected ” and asked for forgiveness from those they had “ offended ” , as well as the entire Catholic Church and the people of Scotland .
The former Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh – who only a week ago was on course to take part in the election of the next Pope – said they would now withdraw completely from public life .
Their admission came as fresh details emerged of the allegations of “ inappropriate ” behaviour against them by four men – three priests and one former priest .
For the first time , it emerged that the accusations included attempting to touch , kiss , or have sex with them .
One of the accusers also claimed that the Church wanted to “ crush ” them and that they had been warned not to let the allegations become public or risk “ immense damage ” to it .
The admission leaves the Church in disarray and will have a devastating effect on its attempt to get its message across .
Cardinal O'Brien was the most high-profile and outspoken opponent of gay marriage in Britain , condemning it as a “ grotesque subversion ” .
They warned that the plans , supported by the governments in Westminster and Holyrood , would open the way to “ further aberrations ” and said society “ would be degenerating even further than it already has into immorality . ”
Their comments earned them the title “ Bigot of the Year ” from the gay rights group Stonewall .
But last night Evan Davis , the BBC presenter , who is gay , posted a message on Twitter suggesting that the Cardinal 's fierce rhetoric might have been a way of suppressing their own “ torment ” .
In one of the last acts of their pontificate , Pope Benedict effectively sacked Cardinal O'Brien last Monday , just 24 hours after the allegations of “ inappropriate conduct ” appeared in The Observer .
Although the Cardinal had already tendered their resignation as Archbishop , as they are approaching 75 , the Pope took the unusual step of making clear it was to take immediate effect .
The Cardinal also withdrew from the Conclave meeting this month to elect Pope Emeritus Benedict 's successor , in what Vatican historians said was a completely unprecedented move .
In a short statement issued by the Catholic Church in Scotland Cardinal O'Brien made no direct reference to their sexual preferences .
But they made clear that they had initially contested them because of their “ anonymous and non-specific nature ” .
“ However , I wish to take this opportunity to admit that there have been times that my sexual conduct has fallen below the standards expected of me as a priest , archbishop and cardinal , ” they said .
It follows the publication of further details of the claims against him , which are being investigated by the Vatican .
The Observer reported that one of the sworn statements said : “ He started fondling my body , kissing me and telling me how special I was to them and how much they loved me . ''
The former priest , who is married , alleges they were a 20-year-old seminarian when the Cardinal , who was then their Spiritual Director , made their advances .
They said that although they were straight , they had remarked at the time that it would have been “ easier to get through seminary if you were gay ” .
They told the newspaper : “ This is not about a gay culture or a straight culture . It 's about an open culture .
“ I would be happy to see an openly gay bishop , Cardinal , or Pope .
“ But the Church acts as if sexual identity has to be kept secret . ”
The Cardinal said in their statement : “ To those I have offended , I apologise and ask forgiveness .
“ To the Catholic Church and people of Scotland , I also apologise .
“ I will now spend the rest of my life in retirement . I will play no further part in the public life of the Catholic Church in Scotland . ”
Mr Davis tweeted : “ I think people who struggle to suppress their homosexual urges find that expressing anti-gay views gives them fortitude in their torment . ”
A mysterious flying object that was witnessed crossing the air over the Middle East territories , including Syria , Iran and Israel could be Russia 's inter-continental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) test , HuffingtonPost.com reported .
A mysterious flying object that was witnessed crossing the air over the Middle East territories , including Syria , Iran and Israel could be Russia 's inter-continental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) test , HuffingtonPost.com reported .
Videos uploaded on the internet show an identified conic-shaped object flying in the high atmosphere leaving a trail of bright light and smoke and then coming into a whirl motion before finally disappearing .
“ Mysterious light explained . Russia announces it carried out successful inter-continental ballistic missile test , ” Huffington Post quoted a correspondent from Jerusalem Post Yakkov Lappin as saying .
One of the Israeli television channels said citing a source in the country 's high-command military staff that the incident could be rarely observed natural phenomena .
Other media outlets compare the incident with the swirling light seen over Norway in 2009 , which eventually turned out to be a test of a Russian ballistic missile .
Trainee Recruiter - all sectors
Dublin Careers at Next Generation
Ref : 10857
Looking to start your career in recruitment but have no experience ? No problem - we would like bright , happy career minded individuals with the right attitude to join us as trainee recruiters Hire for attitude , train for skill - that 's our motto ( along with improving people 's lives ) Who we are : Next Generation Recruitment is an Irish International Specialist Recruitment Company founded in 2007 . We provide recruitment services tailored to our client 's talent attraction strategy and our candidate 's career expectations and goals . We are growing due to demand from clients and candidates alike and that 's where you come in ... Depending on your interest in Digital Marketing , Sales , IT , Life Science , Supply Chain or Engineering and working closely with that desk 's manager or senior consultant you will learn the craft of recruitment Which is Finding the needle in the haystack - AKA sourcing suitable candidates for our existing clients Interviewing candidates on the phone and face to face Fostering strong relationships with clients and candidates Recruitment marketing to build your brand and attract candidates Helping people find their dream job Sounds appealing ? Great so to do this successfully ... You need : Some form of third level of education in Digital marketing , IT , Supply chain , Life Science , Engineering or Business Experience working over the phone , throughout college or afterwards The gift of the gab , you 're a good storyteller : once you 've found the perfect candidate for your client it 's your job to get them interested You 're motivated by an inner sense of achievement , setting personal goals you can knock out of the park And in case you do n't have all of the above do n't worry maybe you share our values and that 's a good start for a conversation with us too Our values Drive -our will to succeed We work hard all the time to get the best results for our candidates and clients Judgement - our collective knowledge and wisdom We share our learns and make decisions that are for the common good Positivity - our faith in each other Our daily confidence and belief that good things can happen Team work - our common cause to improve people 's lives Working in harmony to get the best outcome for everyone Contenders - our desire to be the best It is a sales environment - we are in it to win it What we offer our people Work-life balance commitments 22 days holidays + 1 day for each year of service up to 25 days Another day off for your birthday Flexible start and finish ( 8-9.30am/5-6.30pm - half hour or one and half hour lunch ) Finish at 5 on Fridays , finish at 4 on Bank Holiday weekends As part of our wellness strategy Monthly wellness day - tea and talks , fitness , music , community , environment Corporate Social Responsibility - fundraising and opportunities to volunteer Mental wellness - workshops and specific training for management to recognise and assist with signs of stress Fresh fruit daily Training and development Structured and tailored onsite learning programmes Clear and transparent development and promotion opportunity programme Education assistance ( fees and time ) Fun times Monthly nights out to celebrate the ups and downs of recruitment life Summer event - half day , activity , dinner and drinks Christmas event - half day , activity , dinner and drinks Nitty gritty stuff Bike to work Travel tax saver scheme PRSA What next ? Interested in this role ? Please send your CV to Chloe Morisson at Next Generation Recruitment by clicking on that Apply button ! Next Generation are specialists in Data Science , Digital Marketing , IT Contract , IT Permanent , Life Sciences , Marketing , Sales , Supply Chain & Operations Next Generation will never share your data outside of our organisation without your prior written consent ; all our calls are recorded for training and quality purpose . Please read our Data Protection Policy on our website .
Missing the due date with your bills can have devastating consequences to your finances and credit . If you want to ensure that you are never late with paying the money you owe , it is important to read through this article very carefully . There are lots of different things you can do right now to save yourself a lot of aggravation in the future . One of the main reasons that so many people 's credit rating is low is because of late bill payments . These tips can help you increase and maintain your credit rating .
Pay as Many Bills as you can Online
The first thing you should do is to register an account with as many different billers as possible . Paying your bills online is a very quick and easy process , so you will definitely want to do this right away . This will save you from having to mail in your payments , which can be quite time consuming . It also provides you with an easier way to keep track of how much you owe and when your bills due .
You can simply go online to see the due date if you are n't sure . Most companies accept payments online these days , and it is a huge convenience for everyone involved . It 's also important to consider that going online to pay your bills can minimize the chances of having your identity stolen . You might be surprised how easy it is for an unscrupulous person to do this with an old bill you have thrown out in the trash .
Setup Automatic Payments
If you do n't already have automatic payments set up with your billers and creditors , it is important that you do so . This will make it easier for you to pay your bills on time , as you wo n't have to worry about remembering when the due date is . The money that you owe will automatically be taken out of your account each month . This makes paying your bills much easier and a lot less risky .
Utilize Account Reminders
Even those who have already set up automatic payments with their billers should still opt for account reminders . These alerts will tell you when it is close to the due date so you will know . This can be a good way of reminding yourself to check your statement to make certain it is completely accurate . Take some time to log into your online accounts and look for settings that will allow you to enable account reminders/alerts .
Request an Extension
A lot of creditors will work with their customers to ensure that they pay the money they owe . Sometimes they are willing to extend the due date if the person is going to have trouble paying their bill on time . If you think you might have to pay one of your bills late , you should contact the biller right away . Failing to do so will only make the situation more complicated and stressful .
Pay Your Bills Early When You Can
If you are able to pay any of your bills early , you should always do so . This will guarantee that you wo n't be late making any payments , and it can reflect well on your credit . If you are trying to build up your credit rating , you should make a point of doing this as often as possible . If you are paying back a loan , make sure there wo n't be any fees for early repayment .
Get into the Habit of Bill Paying
Young people who are new to paying their own bills will need to get into the habit of doing this . Choose a specific date to go over all of your expenses so you know exactly what you owe , how much and when it is due . This habit will serve you very well as you go through life . You should treat doing this as if you have a very important appointment for a job you really want .
Choose a Method of Organizing Your Finances
There are numerous ways to keep your finances organized , and it is important to find one that will work best for you . The more organized you are in this way , the more adept you will become at paying your bills on time and in full . Choose a place to keep paper bills and other important financial documents so you do n't lose track of them .
Create a Rainy Day Fund
A rainy day or emergency fund can be of great use when an important expense suddenly pops up in your life . You will definitely want to make a point of setting aside money so that you can take care of these expenses as needed . If you end up losing your job , you will have money to keep paying your bills until you can find something else .
Amendment proposed in unrelated bill removed by Montana House committee
A Montana House committee has killed an amendment to senate bill 363 that would have charged visiting cyclists a $ 25 fee to ride in the state .
Originally introduced by the Republican Bozeman State Senator Scott Sales , the Montana State Natural Resources Committee held a hearing regarding the bill , removing the provision in a unanimous , bi-partisan vote .
Part of the move can be attributed to the swift advocacy response from PeopleForBikes , Bike Walk Montana and Adventure Cycling – headquartered in Missoula , Montana .
Nearly 600 letters opposing the tax were sent to the the legislature by bicycle advocates after news broke of the amendment on March 31 .
> > > New York cyclists battle $ 4,600 fine for running red lights
The amendment proposed by Sales and tacked on to the unrelated SB 363 ( a bill tackling invasive species and more specifically the spreading of mussel larvae in reservoirs ) would have required a $ 25 decal for each visiting bicycle , supposedly to help fund the state 's battle against invasive mussels .
Sales ' proposal was one of three bills that have been introduced recently by Republicans of Montana aimed directly at cyclists ; one that would prohibit riders from travelling on roads without shoulders and the other requiring all bikes to be fitted with a fluorescent orange flag standing a minimum five-feet above the ground . Neither of these bills gained much momentum and died quickly .
> > > Five US races to look forward to this year
Cycling groups across the country expressed dismay at the bill , fearing the most recent provision would have significantly jeopardized future bicycle advocacy movements .
“ This outcome could not have been achieved without thoughtful and well-articulated comments from bike riders to their elected officials , ” PeopleForBikes said .
Not only would the bill have sent an unwelcoming message to visitors , Montana Governor Steve Bullock expressed their concern that the non-resident bicycle decal requirement would threaten the cycling tourism economy , one which the state relies heavily on . Currently , the state 's cycling tourism is estimated at $ 3.5 billion annually .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - If you ca n't beat ‘ em , join ‘ em .
U.S. President Barack Obama smiles before they make a statement next to Secretary of HHS Kathleen Sebelius about contraceptive care in the press room of the White House in Washington , February 10 , 2012 . REUTERS/Larry Downing
President Barack Obama 's campaign has embraced the term “ Obamacare , ” seeking to turn the negative name Republicans assigned to their healthcare reform effort into a positive branding tool just as the Supreme Court studies the law 's constitutionality .
“ Happy birthday , Obamacare , ” Jim Messina , the president 's campaign manager , wrote in an email to supporters last week to note the anniversary of the reform becoming law .
“ If you 're tired of the other side throwing around that word like it 's an insult , then join me in sending a message that we 're proud of it , ” they wrote .
David Axelrod , the president 's top campaign strategist , was more blunt .
“ Hell yeah , I like Obamacare , ” they said in an email to Obama supporters , encouraging them to express the same sentiment by clicking on a link to a campaign website and typing in their email address and zip code .
It was not always this way .
The White House has referred studiously to Obama 's signature legislative accomplishment as the “ Affordable Healthcare Act ” for most of the two years since it passed .
Meanwhile , Republicans coined “ Obamacare ” to tie the president to the law , which polls show is still very unpopular with many Americans .
With the Supreme Court starting three days of arguments on Monday in a process that will determine the 2010 law 's fate , Obama 's advisers sought to shift from defense to offense in influencing public perception of the law .
“ They 're calling the bluff , ” said Allen Adamson , a brand expert at Landor Associates .
“ For the people who like it , they 're going to instantly associate it more directly with Obama . And for the people who do n't like it , ( it 's ) not going to make a lot of difference . ”
STRATEGY SHIFT
Republicans were skeptical the shift in strategy would work .
“ If Obama truly wanted to own Obamacare they would have done it long ago and not just when it became painfully obvious he 's losing the battle , ” said Kirsten Kukowski , spokesperson for the Republican National Committee .
“ Republicans are clearly going to use Obamacare against the president as a law that is unpopular , unconstitutional , will raise taxes , will cost more than we were promised and wo n't do anything about healthcare costs . ”
Republican presidential candidates regularly use the term on the campaign trail to tarnish the president .
Rick Santorum , the former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania , has tied it to a similar law championed by Mitt Romney , the front-runner for the Republican nomination who introduced healthcare reform in Massachusetts when they were governor there .
“ Romneycare is a government-run healthcare program , ” Santorum said during a recent speech in San Antonio . “ It 's the template for Obamacare . ”
The Obama campaign acknowledges its shift on the word .
“ Republicans have spent millions trying to make Obamacare a negative term , ” said campaign spokesperson Kara Carscaden . “ Our supporters have taken the word back and are ready to defend health reform against the Republicans ' attempts to end it . ”
T-shirts that say “ I like Obamacare ” are available on the campaign 's website for $ 35 .
Buttons with the same message go for $ 5 .
The White House , brushing away its fondness for proper names , has also taken on the Obamacare brand .
“ One thing I 'm confident of is , by the end of this decade , we 're going to be very glad the Republicans termed this Obamacare , because when the reality of health care is in place , it 's going to be nothing like the kind of fear-mongering that was done , ” said David Plouffe , a senior White House adviser , on ABC 's “ This Week ” program on Sunday .
And Obama himself , not for the first time , seemed to embrace the term at a recent fundraiser , saying it showed that they cared .
Jermain Defoe : Wanted in Toronto
The former New Zealand international has just completed their first season in charge of the Canadian outfit , but they are already looking towards next year .
One of those names linked to a move across the Atlantic is Defoe , who has started just one league match this season , and Nelsen is a huge fan having played with them during their brief spell at Tottenham .
Speaking on Canada 's TSN network , Nelsen was asked about the possibility of Defoe coming and they said : `` That 's not a serious question , is it ?
`` Jermain Defoe in this league ? Look what [ Marco ] Di Vaio has done ! My goodness - incredible player .
`` One of the most natural goalscorers I have ever come across . Always out training , always trying to score , a great guy .
`` To get a guy like Defoe for the MLS , I can not think of many that are more suited . I think if you ask most Premier League teams , they would take Defoe . ''
Nelsen confirmed they stay in touch with Defoe , adding : `` It would be incredible . I call them and text them all the time .
`` Him playing in Toronto would be phenomenal . If you look around the world and try and think of a realistic player - and I am not sure how realistic they are - that complements a league like ours , never gets injured , does n't drink , can play high , low , scores all sorts of goals - do you know something I do n't ? Can you go over and sell it to him ? ''
Looking ahead to bringing new players in , the World Cup , which Defoe hopes to be playing in , could impact on the American season , but Nelsen does not believe that would be an issue .
`` We want them in as soon as possible , '' Nelsen said .
`` If we have to pick [ from ] A and B , and A is coming in January and B is coming in August , it 's January . [ Toronto would take ] a good DP that 's going to score x amount of goals over a great DP [ Designated player ] who will come in August . Look , the team wants to get to the play-offs .
`` Look , if we have World Cup stars , just missing for a few weeks , that would be pretty good ! ''
Steven Ryan/Getty Images
Sunday 's sideline protests across the NFL were unprecedented and powerful , inspirational to many and unconscionable to others . But love them or loathe them , you have to agree that the demonstrations undeniably raised awareness about ... about ...
Wait . What were the players kneeling about ?
Donald Trump , right ? It was an anti-Trump demonstration , or at least an anti-getting-cussed-out-by-a-sitting-president-for-political-activity demonstration .
Sort of .
No , wait . It was about free speech . Or maybe solidarity ? Team owners locking arms with their players must mean solidarity .
Or maybe it was about being ungrateful , disrespecting our troops and hating America . No , that 's just what my Twitter mentions think it 's about .
C'mon . Think , think , think ... ( lightbulb appears above head )
Police brutality . And racial inequality . That 's what demonstrations during the national anthem are about !
At least , that 's what they were supposed to be about initially .
That 's what Colin Kaepernick knelt for last year , long before Trump was in office . Kaepernick was never specifically protesting about Trump . Heck , Kaepernick had harsh words for Hillary Clinton , too . Their protest was about African-Americans getting shot by police officers , profiled by law enforcement and labeled as dangerous thugs by society . That 's a crisis that predates the Trump presidency by decades .
Kaepernick 's message was initially distorted , garbled and repurposed by those who specialize in distorting , garbling and repurposing any messages they do n't want to hear . The get the hell out of my country crowd has always been too dedicated to being part of the problem , dating back to the civil rights movement , to listen to the likes of Kaepernick . But plenty of other athletes and activists understood Kaepernick 's cause and rallied to it .
Still , with Kaepernick out of the NFL for ( nod , wink ) `` football reasons , '' national anthem protests and the social justice wing of the NFL were in danger of becoming a back-burner story . A football player raising their fist before a game ? Insane Clown Posse fans are holding a political rally on the National Mall , guys . You got ta do better than that .
Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press
Then Trump insulted protesters and challenged the NFL this weekend , prompting the most dramatic display of political protest in an American sports setting in decades .
But it was n't about police brutality or racial equality . Instead of Athletes vs. Injustice , it was Trump vs. the NFL : a clash of two cultural titans known for reflexively squashing anything that stands in their way .
Owners , always careful to play both sides toward what remains of the middle , issued vague condemnations of `` divisive '' remarks and campfire-song affirmations about freedom and equality . Players , swept up in the emotions of the weekend , struggled to stay on message . Some cited social concerns and causes , but the juiciest quotes ( like Josh Norman 's `` not my president '' remark ) were the ones that got the most attention .
Sunday 's protests were a case study in the Law of Unexpected Consequences . Or were they ? The president fanned a fire that they wanted extinguished . Or perhaps they got just what they wanted : more headlines with their name in them , fuel for their ego or cover for policy maneuvering .
And there may have been another unintended consequence of such a `` successful '' demonstration by the players : a diluted message , a triumph of optics over issues and a reframed conversation that some talking heads and Twitter eggs have reduced to the rich and powerful battling over their interests and feelings more than anything happening in our streets and neighborhoods .
A protest which becomes all about the protest itself is what Micah White calls a `` constructive failure . '' White , one of the founders of the Occupy Wall Street movement and author of The End of Protest : A New Playbook for Revolution , explained to me last year that Occupy got lots of attention and energized/organized many groups of activists , but it ultimately failed because there was no next step beyond pitching a tent outside a bank headquarters and yelling .
That 's the risk here . The NFL declares mission accomplished . The president flits off to their next Twitter beef , or perhaps tries their hand at some traditional legislating for a change . We go back to writing `` Colin Kaepernick is better than Ryan Mallett '' literature . Racial profiling ? Prison reform ? Systemic inequalities ? They do n't move the needle anymore when there are personal insults to express and debates to be had over whether players who protest should be suspended .
Fortunately , many athletes are already taking the next step .
Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images
RISE to Vote is the latest project by the Ross Initiative in Sports for Equality ( RISE ) , the leading voice in using sports as an agent of social improvement and political change . RISE to Vote is exactly what it sounds like : a voter registration program for both athletes and the communities they influence .
RISE to Vote is non-partisan , unless you think that encouraging a population full of people of color to vote is somehow partisan . Which , if you do , circles back neatly to why we are all in this mess in the first place .
Jocelyn Benson , CEO of RISE , recognizes that the medium can kill the message when a protest becomes a bigger story than the issues which prompted it .
`` As you see , things get injected into the political discourse in a very divisive , binary way . It is frustrating to see political figures try to boil this down to a framework that works best for their base , as opposed to what the issues really are : There 's injustice in the world , and players are using their platform to draw attention to it , '' they said .
`` This was never about anything having to do with the anthem or kneeling , '' Benson added . `` It 's always been about raising awareness around ways to advance equality and ensure that our country lives up to the ideals of the Constitution . ''
The protest was not initially about voting , either . Kaepernick famously announced that they would not vote for either candidate in the last presidential election . That 's the element of Kaepernick 's initial protest that is best drowned out by other voices .
`` We 're here to say that voting is one of the most tangible things you can do to change something that you want to see changed , '' Benson said . `` That 's an important message that did get lost among players who talked about not voting in the past that we want to rectify . ''
Demonstrations are great . But voting and encouraging others to vote—particularly at the local level , where elections can directly impact boots-on-the-ground policies for police , prisons , schools and communities—are more powerful .
`` According to our data , once someone becomes a registered voter , often that 's the first and most influential step that they can take toward being engaged in local issues , '' Benson said .
Alex Brandon/Associated Press
Kaepernick 's initial anthem protest was about more than police reform or racial inequality . It was about the power and rights of individual citizens , including free speech , the right to challenge authority and all of those other things that Sunday 's protests came to represent .
But racial justice , the core issue , is one that 's easy to lose because so many of us feel uneasy about saying or typing the words `` racial justice . ''
The real reasons for protest are now bundled with other social problems and heaped atop our growing bonfire of polarizing topics and cultural controversies . But thanks to what happened on Sunday , at least they have not been swept under the rug .
`` The issue that we care about and focus on became the biggest story in the country , '' Benson said . `` So we 'll take it and run with it . ''
Con el éxito de la serie Orange is the new black , las tramas carcelarias de mujeres parecen haberse puesto de moda . Por eso se acaba de estrenar en los recorridos domésticos , un film de bajo presupuesto basado en un cómic underground llamado Jailbait ( 2013 ) . Jared Cohn se encarga de la dirección bajo el guión original de Gabriel Campisi .
Pero hemos de decir que la verdadera figura de este pequeño film de serie B , es su actriz Sara Malakul Lane , protagoniza de Sharktopus , quien aquí realiza un trabajo valiente , atrevido ( como demuestran sus desnudos ) , que consigue que el film mantenga nuestro interés hasta el final .
Sin duda una curiosidad que encaja perfectamente en las hojas de nuestra revista , la cual os ofrece en primicia sus primeros Erogramas , de los cuales os avisamos que hay muchos más debido al tono adulto del film .
El Erograma | Sara Malakul Lane en Jailbait | Desnudos de película
El Erograma | Sara Malakul Lane en Jailbait | Desnudos de película
El Erograma | Sara Malakul Lane en Jailbait | Desnudos de película
El Erograma | Sara Malakul Lane en Jailbait | Desnudos de película
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
Sara Malakul Lane al desnudo by Pássionatte
This year marks the 150th birthday of Frank Lloyd Wright , America 's most famous architect .
While New Yorkers are most familiar with their last major project , New York 's Guggenheim Museum , he 's renowned for their houses which blew up prevailing Victorian forms .
Luckily , fans of architecture — and road trips — can take in a variety of Wright 's residential work in a long weekend .
The trip not only includes the iconic Fallingwater , aka The Edgar J. Kaufmann house , but Wright-designed houses that can be rented out .
The drive will take you to western Pennsylvania , about six hours from Midtown via Harrisburg Start at the crack of dawn to make the in-depth tour at your first stop , Kentuck Knob in rural Ohiopyle , Penn . ( $ 60 at 1:15 p.m. for a 5½-hour tour ; $ 25 for shorter tours throughout the day ) .
Wright built the one-story , crescent-shaped Kentuck Knob — which appears recessed into a hill — between 1953-56 for Bernadine and Isaac Newton Hagan , friends of the Kaufmanns ( and fans of their house ) . The result was one of Wright 's deceptively simple “ Usonian ” houses , a model designed to cut costs for mostly middle-class families ( there are no basements or attics , for example ) .
Kentuck Knob is a great introduction to Wright 's work : It 's in pristine condition and current owner has collected a number of Wright furnishings , including items from the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo and Wright 's earlier , Prairie-style homes .
Be sure to walk back to the visitor 's center via the wooded path that 's home to an impressive collection of British sculpture .
For your next stop , you have two choices : If you want to sleep in a Usonian home , just 45 minutes away is Polymath Park a quasi architectural sleepaway camp in the Pennsylvania woods where you can bunk at several homes , including the Duncan House , a long , low home with yellow siding interspersed with red-painted wood stripes ( from $ 399 a night for entire house ; $ 24 for approximately 1-hour tour ) . Originally located in Illinois , it was dismantled and moved to the park in 2002 . An additional Wright house , recently relocated from Minnesota , is expected to be open to guest this year .
Also available to stay in are two homes by Wright apprentice Peter Berndtson ( from $ 299 a night ) . Keep in mind that guests who stay more than one night at Polymath Park will have tours groups in their lodging in the afternoons , so plan accordingly .
If you do n't stay overnight in Polymath , to keep your road trip in the right direction stay at Hartzell House Bed & Breakfast in Addision , Penn. , about 30 minutes from Fallingwater ( from $ 155 ) . Visit Fallingwater , then continue on to Polymath . The B & B 's breakfast , served early enough to accommodate the first Fallingwater tour , is superb .
Fallingwater is Wright 's masterpiece , and you 'll see clearly how fitting the house into the landscape was more than an architectural gimmick ; with Wright 's cleverly designed windows flung open and creek rushing below , you 'll experience how the architecture and nature meld into one ( $ 80 , 8:30 a.m. for 2-hour tour ; $ 30 for shorter tours throughout the day ) .
All tickets give you unlimited access to the tranquil grounds — a small portion of the 5,000-acre Bear Run Nature Reserve — throughout the day , so stay and enjoy the woods and waterfalls .
From there ( or Polymath ) , take the rest of the day to drive up to Buffalo , NY , approximately four hours away , where the next day you 'll visit two Wright houses : the 1905 Darwin D. Martin home , the largest designed in Wrights ' Prairie style and part of the Martin House Complex , and the 1929 summer home , Graycliff Estate , the summer home designed for Martin 's wife , Isabelle .
For Buffalo accommodations , we recommend you go for the package deal at the Hilton Garden Inn downtown that features a good room rate along with tickets to the Darwin D. Martin house ( from $ 139 ) .
Start the next day at Graycliff , 16 miles south in nearby Derby , NY . The in-depth tour of both the house and grounds showcases another example of how Wright integrated their work into the landscape ( $ 34 for 2-hour tour ; $ 18 for shorter tours ) .
The visit to dilapidated Graycliff can be a shock — but seeing the house 's “ bones ” helps visitors understand Wright 's process . After the Martins sold the house , subsequent owners heavily remodeled it , stripping some of Wright 's original details . Now run by a non-profit , the house and grounds are in the process of a painstaking restoration , and the guides do an expert job of showing just how much work is needed to keep Wright 's architectural heritage alive .
In the afternoon , head back to Buffalo to the Martin House Complex . The 1905 Darwin D. Martin home is among the largest designed in Wright 's Prairie style . Also on the property is the 1903 Barton house ( also by Wright ) , built for Darwin Martin 's sister and their husband , along with reconstructions of the pergola , conservatory and carriage house , which were demolished in the early 1960s ( $ 37 for two-hour tour , included in the hotel package ; $ 19 for one-hour tour ) .
Feeling really ambitious ? On select dates there 's an Wright , All Day tour ( $ 135 including transportation ) that not only takes you to Graycliff and the Darwin D. Martin house , but also covers other Wright sites in Buffalo , including a gas station built to the architect 's designs and housed in the Pierce Arrow Museum , and the former site of the Larkin Administration Building , Wright 's first major commercial commission .
If you drove , get a good night 's sleep ! You have a six-hour drive on the interstate back to New York City .
How to go
There are one-way nonstop flights from JFK and LaGuardia to Pittsburgh , 1½ hours from your first Wright stop ( from $ 215 on Delta ; you 'll need to rent a car from there ) . On the return , get a one-way ticket from Buffalo back to JFK ( from $ 67 on JetBlue ) ; you can get a similarly priced flight on United Airlines to Newark . Car rentals from New York City from $ 50 a day via Budget .
On Thursday , police arrested 22-year-old Shareem Hall for the July 4 shooting of transgender woman Deeniquia Dodds , NBC Washington reports . Dodds died nine days after they were shot .
`` In all likelihood , we believe the motive in this case was robbery , '' interim police chief Peter Newsham said in a press conference . Dodds was shot and killed just a few blocks from their home .
Hall was charged with `` murder while armed . '' Newsham said hate crime charges and an enhanced penalty will be a `` serious consideration . '' According to Newsham , Hall did not know Dodds .
Facebook Deeniquia Dodds
`` Whenever we lose a life in our city , we take it personally , '' Newsham said . `` We want folks to know that we are going to continue to work to make sure we hold people responsible for this kind of violence on our streets . ''
At the time of their death , Ruby Corado , the founder and executive director of Washington , D.C. transgender advocacy organization Casa Ruby said in a statement to Mic that `` Deeniquia was part of the Casa Ruby family , and they are gone , but not forgotten . Them death will not be in vain . ''
Corado added , `` Casa Ruby denounces the genocide of young trans women of color . People in leadership need to address the employment barriers that keeps trans women of color from accessing the resources they need to grow healthy and thrive . ''
Joeann Lewis , who raised Dodds , worried about their safety because Dodds was involved in sex work . They described Dodds as a `` beautiful person '' who `` loved to make you laugh . ''
When Dodds was killed in July , they were the 14th known transgender or gender nonconforming person killed in 2016 . Now , with Friday 's news of the death of Baltimore 's Crystal Edmonds , the number has risen to 21 , which matches the total number of deaths in 2015 .
Developing countries suffer the greatest costs when a disaster hits – more than 95 percent of all deaths caused by hazards occur in developing countries , and losses due to natural hazards are 20 times greater ( as a percentage of GDP ) in developing countries than in industrialized countries . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
In contemporary academia , disasters are seen as the consequence of inappropriately managed risk . These risks are the product of a combination of both hazards and vulnerability . Hazards that strike in areas with low vulnerability will never become disasters , as in the case of uninhabited regions . [ 3 ]
A disaster is a serious disruption , occurring over a relatively short time , of the functioning of a community or a society involving widespread human , material , economic or environmental loss and impacts , which exceeds the ability of the affected community or society to cope using its own resources . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Ruins from the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , remembered as one of the worst natural disasters in the history of the United States
The word disaster is derived from Middle French désastre and that from Old Italian disastro , which in turn comes from the Ancient Greek pejorative prefix δυσ- , ( dus- ) `` bad '' [ 6 ] and ἀστήρ ( aster ) , `` star '' . [ 7 ] The root of the word disaster ( `` bad star '' in Greek ) comes from an astrological sense of a calamity blamed on the position of planets . [ 8 ]
Researchers have been studying disasters for more than a century , and for more than forty years disaster research . The studies reflect a common opinion when they argue that all disasters can be seen as being human-made , their reasoning being that human actions before the strike of the hazard can prevent it developing into a disaster . All disasters are hence the result of human failure to introduce appropriate emergency management measures . [ 9 ] Hazards are routinely divided into natural or human-made , although complex disasters , where there is no single root cause , are more common in developing countries . A specific disaster may spawn a secondary disaster that increases the impact . A classic example is an earthquake that causes a tsunami , resulting in coastal flooding .
Natural disaster Edit
A natural disaster is a natural process or phenomenon that may cause loss of life , injury or other health impacts , property damage , loss of livelihoods and services , social and economic disruption , or environmental damage .
Various phenomena like earthquakes , landslides , volcanic eruptions , floods , hurricanes , tornadoes , blizzards , tsunamis , and cyclones are all natural hazards that kill thousands of people and destroy billions of dollars of habitat and property each year . However , the rapid growth of the world 's population and its increased concentration often in hazardous environments has escalated both the frequency and severity of disasters . With the tropical climate and unstable landforms , coupled with deforestation , unplanned growth proliferation , non-engineered constructions make the disaster-prone areas more vulnerable . Developing countries suffer more or less chronically from natural disasters due to ineffective communication combined with insufficient budgetary allocation for disaster prevention and management . Asia tops the list of casualties caused by natural hazards .
Man-made disasters Edit
Human-instigated disasters are the consequence of technological or human hazards . Examples include stampedes , fires , transport accidents , industrial accidents , [ [ oil spills , nuclear explosions/nuclear radiation . War and deliberate attacks may also be put in this category .
Other types of human-made disasters include the more cosmic scenarios of catastrophic global warming , nuclear war , and bioterrorism .
The following table categorizes some disasters and notes first response initiatives . Note that whereas the sources of a disaster may be natural ( for example , heavy rains ) or human-made ( for example , a broken dam ) , the results may be similar ( flooding ) . [ 10 ]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'Nothing quite like it ' - Laura Kuenssberg on PM 's speech
What now ?
The conference has packed up . The prime minister is home . No one will forget their speech . And there are MPs who believe that today 's surreal events ought to mark the beginning of the end .
There is a group of them ramping up their discussions about persuading them to go . One minister said the situation is `` brutal '' but the events will hasten their departure because it is `` like the moment when the vet tells you it is more cruel to keep the labrador alive '' .
Politics is certainly cruel , and clearly the prime minister was the victim of some appallingly bad luck .
Another former minister told me that after the election and Grenfell it would only have taken one more event to trigger their exit and this `` was the event '' .
In normal political times , it is probably the case that what one minister described as a `` tragedy '' today would have led to a prime minister being forced out or quitting .
But these are n't normal times . Allies of Theresa May say today they have shown their resilience and determination in spades , demonstrating exactly why they deserve to stay in the job .
A senior colleague of theirs told me they importantly did manage to put forward a coherent vision and talked about their personal beliefs . More than that , for those who want them gone there are three obstacles .
First , with Brexit negotiations under way , any change of leader could be destabilising at a time when the UK needs to look strong . Second , Tory MPs do n't agree on whom a natural successor is , and a leadership election could open a Pandora 's Box with untold consequences .
And third , many Tory MPs are terrified of a general election . Doing anything that could precipitate a national contest means their jobs are at risk .
But in the next few days the balance between the desire to end the torment on display today and preserve stability will be endlessly discussed by Tory MPs .
And in these volatile times few would predict what they will conclude .
In the days following the results of the American election , programmer and game maker Jessica Hayley considered running a “ Fuck Trump Game Jam ” in order to “ channel [ her ] anger into something that felt productive. ” But upon reflection , they realized that the games that would come out of such a move would likely be something they would n't want to contribute to .
care of ourselves even when terrible , hateful things keep happening. ” That 's how they got the idea for the “ I still wanted to do something , but I did n't want the outcome to be a bunch of hateful games , ” Hayley told me . “ So I decided to turn the idea on its head and make a jam where the goal is to create some positivity to counteract the anger , to remind us to takeof ourselves even when terrible , hateful things keep happening. ” That 's how they got the idea for the Self-Care Jam , which ran from November 28th to December 5th .
“ let 's make stuff that makes us happy ”
The Self-Care Jam had a wonderful , refreshing simplicity to it : “ let 's make stuff that makes us happy ” reads its only rule . Participants were encouraged to create inside whatever format that fulfilled that instruction , whether it was a videogame , a poem , a comic , music , crafts , or anything else . The entries did n't have to be about self-care , as the jam is meant as a reminder that “ the process of creating something can be a form of self – care by itself ” according to Hayley , but many of them did turn their attention to the subject of self-care anyway .
Jordan Mallory made the old life EP , which is said to be a collection of “ sad songs for hurt people. ” Alayna Cole created a Twitter bot under the handle @ selfcare_bot that tweets hourly reminders for people to look after themselves . While Bri Rodgers released an interactive poem called this year i 've been about “ being alive and taking care of yourself. ” There 's also the game It 's a Beautiful Day by Julie Yllogique , which is about taking care of yourself in the morning before you face the world ( I can so identify with having long , hot showers in the morn ) .
The team led by Lisa Janssens took a slightly different approach to the topic , creating a game called Losing Control , which is about the importance of negative emotions . “ I wanted to create this game as a reminder to myself that feeling bad is n't necessarily a bad thing , that those feelings have importance and that they are n't permanent , ” Janssens wrote .
press a button to lie down when you find a cozy space
The idea of a videogame about self-care is n't entirely new . Lullaby for Heartsick Spacer ( 2014 ) by Merritt Kopas is one of the first I can remember . Inspired by Super Metroid ( 1994 ) , Kopas described it as “ a game for when you feel like you want to crawl into a cave on an alien planet and hide and sleep. ” You explore procedurally generated caves and press a button to lie down when you find a cozy space . There are also the games of Kara Stone , many of which focus on self-healing , especially Medication Meditation ( 2014 ) and Cyclothymia ( 2015 ) .
The Self-Care Jam helps to bring more awareness to this side of videogames , where people make games to heal , and do n't need to worry about profits or target markets . “ As more ways to get funding in game-agnostic ways ( such as Patreon ) pop up I can only hope that more and more developers find themselves in a place where they are able to do this consistently , ” Hayley said .
Advertisement
The digital age has revolutionized the way we handle information . Never before could humankind record and store so much information and in such diversity . While the amount of data has increased exponentially , the predicted life span of the storage media hardly exceeds the lifetime of a human . For humans who love to collect and leave a legacy to their descendants , as well as human kind who so much depends on information , this poses a huge challenge .
Optical discs have been commercially available since the 1980s . After merely 30 years , a solid amount of information has been collected on what causes CDs and DVDs to break and much progress has been made in the development of material that will last longer . While estimations predict a lifetime of up to 200 years for optical discs , we can never be sure when they are really going to break . However , by being aware of what determines the life span of optical discs and what causes them to break , you can make choices and significantly increase the survival time of your stored data .
Let 's examine this case in detail…
What Determines The Life Span Of Different Optical Discs ?
To understand what limits the life span of optical discs , let 's look at how they are built-up . What all optical discs have in common is the presence of three key layers :
coating layer that protects the reflective layer .
shiny layer that reflects the laser .
polycarbonate disc layer that stores the data .
In addition , a label is applied above the coating layer and re-writable discs contain a dye layer between the reflective and protective layers .
One factor that determines the maximum life span of an optical disc is the type of reflective layer . Other factors include the overall quality of the raw material and manufacturing and most importantly the way the medium is treated by the user . The handling of an optical disc probably has the most significant impact on its longevity , hence we will re-visit this theme in a moment .
It is hard to predict exactly how long an optical disc will last since it depends on so many different factors . Nevertheless , estimations are floating around that predict a life span of up to 200 years for recorded CD-Rs and Blu-Ray discs . The shortest life span with 5-10 years is predicted for unrecorded CD-Rs and CD-RWs , followed by recorded DVD-RWs with up to 30 years . Recorded CD-RWs and DVD-Rs have a predicted lifetime of 20-100 years . In other words , you should not rely on any of these media for lifelong storage of your precious data , as they are likely to fail sooner rather than later .
How Do CDs or DVDs Rot ?
As mentioned above , different types of optical discs contain different layers and particularly the reflective layer is subsceptible to damage . Standard compact discs typically have a reflective layer made from aluminum . When exposed to air , aluminum oxidizes , which naturally happens around the edges of the CD . However , degradation of the reflective layer is not the only cause of disc rot .
The causes of disc rot are manifold and can include one of the following :
oxidation or corrosion of reflective layer
physical damage to disc surfaces or edges
galvanic reaction between layers and coatings
chemical reactions with contaminants
ultra-violet light damage
breaking down of disc materials , e.g . de-bonding of adhesives between layers
Interestingly , while most types of disc rot are caused by inappropriate use and/or storage , there is one in particular , i.e . CD bronzing , which is caused by a fault in manufacturing .
How Can I Check Whether My Optical Discs Are OK ?
You can do a simple visual check . If you see light shining through tiny little holes when you hold a disc against light , then the reflective layer has started to disintegrate . Also check your CDs for discoloring , especially around the edges . See whether the different layers are still tightly together or have started to de-laminate . Finally , you can try to copy the optical discs to a hard drive or scan them for data integrity using different software , e.g . CDCheck or dvddisaster .
How Can I Increase The Lifetime Of My CDs & DVDs ?
There are many ways you can increase the likelihood that your CDs and DVDs will last you a long time . Here is a selection of the most important ones :
Choose a high quality medium from a good brand .
If you want to maximize CD longevity , go for gold as a reflective layer .
Treat your CDs and DVDs with care , i.e . hold them by the outer edges or the hole in the center , do n't touch the surface , avoid scratches , and keep dirt from the disc .
Keep them in a dry , dark , and cool place since humidity , sunlight , high temperatures , and pollutants can damage the different layers .
Store them in jewel cases rather than paper slips .
Use non solvent-based felt-tip permanent markers , suitable for writing on CD or DVD labels .
Rewrite your rewritable discs as little as possible .
Choose slow writing speeds to reduce errors and increase quality .
What Can I Do When My Disc Wo n't Read ?
A disc that can no longer be read by your player or shows errors is not necessarily a lost case . Here area few tips for what you can do to :
Make sure you did n't accidentally insert the CD or DVD upside down .
Carefully clean the bottom layer with alcohol to remove grease from fingerprints and dust .
Try to read the CD or DVD in a different player . Chances are that the laser in your player is faulty or that a different player can still read your CD or DVD .
Conclusion
Always have a backup of your data and check all our backups regularly to make sure none of the copies have broken in the meantime , regardless of whether you store your data on a CD , DVD , or hard drive .
What kind of data do you store on optical discs and how do you back up software , music , or movies you buy on a physical disc ?
Ambiguity is a huge issue in natural language processing , but some tasks can actually handle with the ambiguity with nice accuracy . It turns out syllabification is one of them , so do n't listen to the other answers . : )
Syllabification
Heuristic-based
You could come up with algorithms achieving correct syllabification virtually throughout the English vocabulary , but it seems complicated to program correctly .
Corpus-based
As always , when hand-made algorithms do n't help too much , Natural Language Processing researchers use hand-tagged corpora containing the correct answers for given words . Learnings algorithms are then used and often provide great accuracy . You can use LingPipe 's syllabification ( see `` English syllabification '' ) which follows this approach .
Exhaustive list
English only has so many words , which is how we came up with dictionaries . Such dictionaries often contain the correct syllabification . You could scrape reference.com . For example , to undulate entry contains « un·du·late » , which is enough to know there are three syllables .
Other such dictionaries include Answers.com , The Free Dictionary , Merriam-Webster , and so on . Do read the Terms and Conditions , automated retrieval may not be allowed . And different dictionaries do n't always agree with each other .
It wo n't help with new words or proper nouns , but I 'd say it 's going to be the most accurate method .
About hyphenation
Another related problem got a lot more exposure : hyphenation . But do n't use that ! It is used in typesetting programs such as LaTeX , but only aims to provide some of the correct hyphens , without ever providing an incorrect one ( high precision , low recall ) . It 's interesting to note that there only are 14 exceptions , eg . project which has a different hyphenation depending on the part-of-speech ( verb or noun ) .
Hyphenation programs
If you decide that it 's enough for you needs , note that a few implementations of the TeX hyphenation algorithm exist in other languages , such as Python , Perl or Ruby .
Still , a visitor from outer space who read these dozens of `` think pieces '' by journalists on journalism would be baffled at what the actual problem is , beyond the fact that a man named Donald Trump was elected president of the United States earlier this month . Apparently , the media did n't do enough investigative reporting about this Trump fellow -- their myriad conflicts of interest , their skeazy advisers , their history of grifting , etc. , etc . -- and was inadequate to the task of warning American citizens that a dangerous , and dangerously unprepared man , with an authoritarian bent was about to capture the White House . Also , the nation 's free press did n't send reporters into the rural areas where Trump supporters live and did n't reflect the views , or give an editorial voice , to the millions of citizens who voted for him . In other words , newspapers , TV and other outlets failed because they did n't give a powerful enough voice to the masses . As they were electing a man who will destroy 240 years of U.S. democracy . You do n't have to be from Mars to see a contradiction here .
I recently updated one of my iOS apps built with Ionic to run on iOS 9 . Ionic Apps and iOS 9 , especially apps built a while ago , do n't mesh out of the gate . Severla changes Apple made to iOS 9 will cause problems with your Ionic Apps . In this post , Ionic Apps and iOS 9 , I want to touch on the three blocking issues I faced when updating my app .
Failing to Archive because ‘ Cordova/CDVViewController.h ' file not found .
An SSL error has occurred and a secure connection to the server can not be made .
Invalid Bundle . iPad Multitasking support requires launch story board in bundle .
Ionic Apps and iOS 9 – ‘ Cordova/CDVViewController.h ' file not found .
I found the answer to this problem on this Ionic Forum Post . With new introductions to xCode for tvOS a new path was required in my Build Settings Header Search Paths . I simple needed to add this string , `` $ ( OBJROOT ) /UninstalledProducts/ $ ( PLATFORM_NAME ) /include '' . Making sure to not delete any of the other strings which are required for backward compatibility .
To do this make sure your app is selected in the left sidebar of xCode , select build settings ( see image below ) , and navigate down to Header Search Paths and add the above string . That 's it , you 're done !
Ionic Apps and iOS 9 – An SSL error has occurred and a secure connection to the server can not be made .
This error occurs because starting with iOS 9.0 and OS X v10.11 the new feature App Transport Security ( ATS ) is available and enabled by default . This requires all HTTP connections of your application to be secure and secure to Apple 's standards . To enable un-secure connections do the following steps .
Add the following to your < your-app-name > -Info.plist file . This file can be found with this file path : Platforms - > ios - > < your-app-name > - > * -Info.plist
1
2
3
4
5
< key > NSAppTransportSecurity < /key >
< dict >
< key > NSAllowsArbitraryLoads < /key >
< true >
< /true > < /dict >
And add the following code to your config.xml file .
1
2
3
4
5
< config-file platform = `` ios '' target = `` * -Info.plist '' parent = `` NSAppTransportSecurity '' >
< dict >
< key > NSAllowsArbitraryLoads < /key > < true >
< /true > < /dict >
< /config-file >
That 's it ! Now you 're up and running .
Ionic Apps and iOS 9 – Invalid Bundle . iPad Multitasking support requires launch story board in bundle .
This error will only occur to you if your app is available on iPad . There are two ways to fix this . One is to prepare your app so that it supports multitasking . The second is to have your app explicitly now allow multitasking . Right now I will provide a latter solution .
To fix this error simple have your application require Full Screen to run . You can do that on the General Screen of xCode . See image below .
I hope that these solutions will help Ionic apps and iOS 9 work together peacefully and keep Ionic developers from pulling there hair out .
Overview Manufacturer General Motors Powertrain Engine Gasoline :
Ecotec 3.8-liter V6 engine developing 200 PS ( 150 kW ) Dimensions Wheelbase 107.5 in ( 2730 mm ) Length 184.5 in ( 4687 mm )
The Presidential State Car is the official state car of the President of Brazil .
Presidential State Car [ edit ]
The state car of Brazil is a Rolls-Royce Silver Wraith , which is used by the President of Brazil on ceremonial occasions , such as Independence Day commemorations , state visits and the inauguration of the President-elect . This is one of the two Rolls-Royce models purchased by former President Getúlio Vargas in 1953 .
Origins [ edit ]
When Getúlio Vargas became president in 1951 , they had two Cadillacs as official state cars , dating from 1941 and 1947 respectively . Rolls-Royce was chosen to prepare four Silver Wraith models with special modifications for security , with the intention to purchase two examples . Vargas received the first hardtop model on 31 January 1953 . The first foreign head of state to use it was General Manuel Odria , President of Peru .
The government paid £5,831 for the hardtop model and £7,540 for the second Silver Wraith , a cabriolet . The cars were paid for by wealthy friends as a present to Vargas himself , on condition that they would donate them to the presidency at the end of their term in office .
With political problems , Vargas shot themselves in the chest on 24 August 1954 and , with their suicide , the handover did not happen . The cars became part of the President 's estate and were claimed by their family . The solution only came in 1957 , although the cars had still been used by President Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira in the interim . The family took the hardtop Rolls-Royce and gave the cabriolet to the presidency . The last official service of the hardtop model was for the personal transportation of Berta Craveiro Lopes , wife of Portuguese president General Craveiro Lopes .
Queen Elizabeth II [ edit ]
It had been claimed that the convertible model was a gift from Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom , but this is not the case , although they did use the car during a 1968 state visit to Brazil .
Nowadays [ edit ]
The car can be seen in state ceremonies that take place on the first Sunday of each month at the Planalto Palace and in the streets around it . Sometimes , the car is also used for the rehearsal of state ceremonies and parades . Its speed limit is 80 km/h , but it is rarely seen to travel faster than 20 km/h .
The daily transportation of the President is made by modern vehicles , with the Rolls-Royce reserved exclusively for ceremonial occasions .
In 2001 , the Rolls-Royce was sent for restoration by President Fernando Henrique Cardoso after 48 years of service .
Day-to-day transport [ edit ]
Day-to-day transport for the president of Brazil is a 2011 Chevrolet Omega which is also included in the presidential fleet and is currently used by the President in some shifts . The car was even used in the parade of independence on September 7 , 2016 and 2018 , replacing the classic Rolls-Royce Silver Wraith traditionally used in the parade .
Also an armored 2011 Ford Fusion Hybrid [ 1 ] [ 2 ] built on a Ford CD3 platform was received . This vehicle replaced the 2008 Ford Fusion used previously . The Ford Fusion is also used in the presidential motorcade .
In February 2012 the Brazilian government bought 12 Canadian-built Ford Edge models , 10 of which armored , for the use of President Dilma Rousseff and their security team . [ 3 ]
The federal government 's most important officials ( President , Ministers , Magistrates , etc ) use yellow-green brass plates adorned with the coat of arms of Brazil and their titles engraved on them ( e.g. , President of the Republic , President of the Senate , Defense Minister , Supreme Court President , etc ) .
See also [ edit ]
× Christie to Colorado pot users : ‘ Enjoy it . I will enforce the federal laws ' as president
NEWPORT , N.H. — New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie said again that if he 's elected president next year , they will end legal recreational use of marijuana in Colorado and other states that allow it .
Campaigning in New Hampshire , Christie was quoted by Bloomberg as saying , “ If you 're getting high in Colorado today , enjoy it . As of January 2017 , I will enforce the federal laws . ”
Christie , one of 16 candidates seeking the Republican Party presidential nomination , was on Fox News on Wednesday and said they would crack down on legal marijuana .
. @ ChrisChristie : “ Marijuana is against the law in the U.S. & it should be enforced in all 50 states. ” # foxandfriends pic.twitter.com/y1pIXUojvz — Fox News ( @ FoxNews ) July 29 , 2015
Christie has said in the past that as president they will “ crack down and not permit ” recreational marijuana use in states that have OK 'd it .
Colorado voters approved Amendment 64 in 2012 to allow those 21 and older to grow and possess marijuana and to allow sales for recreational use . Sales began in January 2014 .
There 's not enough evidence that e-cigarettes are an effective tool in helping people quit smoking , the Ministry of Health says in a cabinet paper presented to government ministers .
Photo : 123rf
Public consultation on legalising e-cigarette sales began in August and closed earlier this week .
E-cigarettes are electrical devices that mimic smoked tobacco by heating a liquid which produces a vapour that the user inhales .
The sale of e-cigarettes is currently illegal if they are used to vaping nicotine derived from tobacco or if they were sold on the basis that vaping would help someone quit smoking .
The cabinet paper , from July , has been released by Associate Health Minister Sam Lotu-liga said that while the Ministry of Health believed vaping was less harmful than smoking , it advised against the legalisation of e-cigarettes on the justification it could be used as a smoking cessation tool .
`` There is not yet enough evidence to be able to recommend e-cigarettes as an aid to stop smoking , '' the paper said .
People seeking to quit were advised to contact the Quitline or use approved medicines such as nicotine patches , it said .
Only approved medicines can be sold for smoking cessation and so far only one e-cigarette company was in the process of doing so .
That company had been granted marketing authority for smoking cessation in the United Kingdom . A manufacturer wishing to make a similar claim in New Zealand must apply to Medsafe for approval to supply their product as a medicine .
That process cost between $ 7000 and $ 88,000 .
While there is some evidence to suggest vaping was less harmful than smoking tobacco , there was not yet enough data on the short-term or long-term impact of e-cigarette use on a user 's health , or even on their ability to quit nicotine altogether , the paper noted .
`` There is concern young people 's experimentation with , and the use of e-cigarettes , may lead to nicotine addiction and/or have a gateway effect leading to young people taking up smoking , '' it said .
There was also evidence of an increase in New Zealand of young people trying e-cigarettes and a concern that the industry was targeting them with appealing flavours like chocolate or strawberry .
`` There are indications that tobacco industry involvement has been increasing over the last few years , however , we do not have information available to quantify their current market share , '' the paper said .
E-cigarettes should be available - professor
However , an associate professor of public health at Massey University , Marewa Glover , said there was no evidence that e-cigarettes encourage young people to take up smoking .
`` Flavours are very very important for the adults , and for the people who are switching over from smoking .
`` It is very very important we do n't mess with that , and we do n't put unnecessary and unfounded restrictions in the way of adults switching to vaping . ''
The devices should be freely available to help people quit tobacco , they said .
This post originally appeared on Chatelaine
As many predicted , the first in-person meeting between Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and U.S. President Donald Trump was heavy with expectation and light on substance . They shook hands for the cameras ( Trudeau deftly avoiding Trump 's trademark grip-and-tug ) , sidestepped tricky questions at their press conference and called the day a success .
One of the most hyped set-pieces was a roundtable to launch the United States Canada Council for the Advancement of Women Business Leaders-Female Entrepreneurs . The group of CEOs and entrepreneurs intends to promote women-owned businesses and “ focus on ensuring women enter and stay in the workforce to address barriers facing female entrepreneurs. ” Its members include : GE Canada CEO Elyse Allan , T & T Supermarket 's Tina Lee and Canadian foreign affairs minister Chrystia Freeland . Leading the charge for the brain trust was Trump 's daughter Ivanka , one of their closest confidantes in business and in politics .
The idea for the council reportedly came from Trudeau 's chief of staff Katie Telford , perhaps as a diplomatic sop and a tactful distraction from awkward subjects ( the Muslim ban , the pussy grabbing , the U.S. refugees seeking sanctuary in Canada ) . It was savvy on Telford 's part to reach out to Ivanka , whose pet cause is working mothers . And next to Trump , who has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than a dozen women , our avowedly feminist PM looked all the more suave and progressive by comparison — a sleek , bilingual , woke James Bond to Trump 's belligerent , malevolent Auric Goldfinger .
No disrespect to the female business leaders involved , but it 's unlikely anything will be achieved by their efforts other than a general you-go-girl-boosterism for those who fly First Class . The barriers to women 's professional advancement are hardly a secret . White-collar women are held back by deeply held gender biases ; by inadequate childcare and family support ; and by terrible maternity leave policies . Blue-collar women are affected by all these things to an even greater degree , as well as by job insecurity and stagnant minimum wages .
But even if this council wants to enact changes , the biggest barrier they have is the man who hosted them : Donald Trump . The U.S. president has hurled personal , mean-spirited attacks on professional women like Hillary Clinton , Carly Fiorina and Megyn Kelly . They divorced their first wife because they were too busy working . ( “ Putting a wife to work is a very dangerous thing . If you 're in business for yourself , I really think it 's a bad idea . I think that was the single greatest cause of what happened to my marriage with Ivana , ” they said back in a 1994 interview ) . And of their current marriage to Melania , he 's said , “ I 'll supply funds and she 'll take care of the kids. ” Their cabinet and senior staff are overwhelmingly white and male .
In fact , the only female CEO who stands to gain at all from this council is Ivanka Trump , and not just because they could n't stop swooning in their seat beside Trudeau . The council 's launch conveniently teases the publication of their upcoming book Women Who Work : Rewriting the Rules for Success . Taking a cue from Taylor Swift , Ivanka seems to be assembling a cross-border squad of lady powerhouses to bolster their own reputation .
Like everyone else named Trump , Ivanka has used their father 's presidential campaign and election as a brand-boosting exercise . After they appeared on 60 Minutes in November following their father 's election , their team sent out a press release shilling the bracelet that they wore from their own jewelry line during the interview . Them lifestyle site Women Who Work offers bland platitudes about multitasking while promoting Ivanka Trump clothing , accessories and housewares . There 's plenty of me-first personal empowerment chatter but zero consideration of issues like sexual harassment in the workplace or the wage gap . The nannies and caregivers who ease the burdens of wealthy women like Ivanka are invisible and no mention is made of the fact that the contractor who designs and distributes their clothing line does n't offer its employees a single day of paid maternity leave .
And all the while their father has denigrated women and threatened reproductive rights , she 's acted as their chief apologist , using their Career Girl meets Everymom appeal to soften their misogynist edges . She 's often taken on the responsibilities usually given to a First Lady or candidate 's wife , including introducing them at the Republican convention , where they called their father a “ feminist. ” It was a statement as rich and ridiculous as them calling themselves an entrepreneur , a title that suggests someone who has had to work hard and take bold , risky chances . Born into extraordinary privilege , hired into the family business and married to a man who inherited a fortune , Ivanka Trump has never had to take a real financial risk in their life . Which is why their exploitation of feminism is so grotesque — as writer Jill Filipovic says , “ she 's a kind of post-feminist huckster , selling us traditional femininity and support of male power wrapped up in a feminist bow . ”
Increasingly , though , women are n't buying Ivanka Trump 's fake feminism — or their shoes and purses , for that matter . Over the past few weeks , several retailers , including high-end Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus , as well as budget-friendly Sears and Kmart have dropped Ivanka Trump 's clothing , jewelry and housewares lines . The stores have merely said the products have n't been performing well , but credit is certainly due in large part to # GrabYourWallet , a mass boycott of Trump family businesses launched by two women protesting Donald Trump 's sexism .
And some female entrepreneurs , with whom she 's eager to align herself , are n't having any of her , either . Anne M. Mahlum is the CEO of the hugely successful Washington , D.C. chain of Solidcore gyms . When they found out that Ivanka Trump had worked out at one of their locations , Mahlum called them out on Facebook and demanded a meeting . They want their gym to be inclusive and safe and wondered if Ivanka 's presence might upset people , given them father 's anti-women and anti-Muslim policies . “ Her father is threatening the rights of many of my beloved clients and coaches , ” Mahlum wrote , “ and as a business owner , I take my responsibility to protect and fight for my people very seriously . ”
Ivanka might be hoping to skirt further criticism of them and them father 's shady practices by championing women in business . She 's not wrong in thinking that feminism is powerful . She 's just underestimated what can happen when that power is turned against them
It only took a matter of days for “ pro-white ” protest organizer Jason Kessler , whose “ Unite the Right ” rally in Charlottesville , Virginia ended in a disastrous episode of violence on 12 August 2017 , to go from being a darling of the alt-right movement to a target of one of their paranoid conspiracy theories .
In keeping with the preferred alt-right explanation of why the Charlottesville event went south , namely the machinations of a vast left-wing conspiracy to foment racial violence and spark a civil war , alternative media outlets began accusing Kessler of being a “ deep state ” operative in the pay of billionaire leftist George Soros .
Among those was the pro-Trump news and opinion web site DC Whispers , who reported :
Well this is fishy . Their name is Jason Kessler . They are the one cited as the organizer of the now infamous “ Unite the Right ” rally in Charlottesville , Virginia . The thing is , Mr. Kessler 's arrival on the “ alt right ” and/or “ White Nationalist ” scene did n't occur until November 2016 . That 's right – Kessler did n't start their white nationalist activism until after Donald Trump won the White House . Prior to that it appears they participated in the far left/socialist Occupy Wall Street movement as noted by the far-left , George Soros-funded Southern Poverty Law Center . … It is well known how much the DEEP STATE despises POTUS Trump . Is it beyond the realm of possibility to consider Jason Kessler and others like them are actually DEEP STATE operatives working to further divide and conqueror America ? Trump is a direct threat to that plan . Why not paint Trump with the broad strokes of racism , hatred and bigotry in order to further erode their millions strong base of support ? … Is Jason Kessler a misguided activist or a willing pawn in a much larger psy-ops program that is at this very moment rippling across the country ? Who knows . There is certainly enough already there , though , to make one say “ hmmm… . ”
A blogger for Rightwing News wrote :
Jason Kessler is the organizer of Unite the Right , the group of white nationalists that duked it out with Black Lives Matter and Antifa in Charlottesville , Virginia where one woman and two police officers were killed . The source of the information is even more surprising , but as far as I can tell , it 's legitimate . The Southern Poverty Law Center is reporting that Kessler was a part of Occupy Wall Street and voted for Barack Obama and supported them for eight years . Gee… and now he 's a white supremacist . Strange days . Who is this guy ? Is this a mistake or is they indeed a liberal gone racist ? Are they a plant and this whole thing a set up to pit Americans against each other ? Lots of questions and very , very few answers . Kessler has also written for major publicans such as The Daily Mail , who now has cut them loose and has distanced themselves from him . I do n't blame them in the least . Everything about this guy is off and suspect now . They just got thrown out of an interview… I guess they were chased out and mobbed over their racist leanings . But they are scheduled to do another rally in Dallas shortly and has vowed to step up their racist cause . Kessler is doing major damage out there and they are not what they seem . I suspect he 's a Marxist as well .
Far-right celebs were also sharing dark suspicions about Kessler 's ideological purity :
# JasonKessler the white # supremacist leader in # Charlottesville is a # Obama supporter and a occupy wall street protester ? Did you get that ? — Chuck Woolery ( @ chuckwoolery ) August 15 , 2017
And alt-right Grand Inquisitor Alex Jones grilled Kessler on their political pedigree during a contentious 14 August broadcast :
Alex Jones Confronts Leader Of The Alt-Right Race Riot pic.twitter.com/22gRmM7F6D — infowars ( @ infowars ) August 15 , 2017
We , too , have spoken to Kessler , and we 've looked into a number of the claims these and other sources have leveled against them to make the case that he 's a left-wing operative . This is what we learned :
Was Jason Kessler a Barack Obama supporter ?
True . They told us ( and has consistently said elsewhere ) that they were an Obama supporter and voted for him . They say they began to sour on Obama and the Democrats during Obama 's second administration because of their focus on what Kessler terms “ identity politics . ”
Was Kessler involved in the Occupy movement ?
Mostly false . According to Kessler , Occupy 's “ anti-globalist ” stance caught their interest in 2011 and they attended an Occupy Charlottesville demonstration , but found they did n't see eye-to-eye with the group in a confrontation they described as none too friendly . ( The source typically cited to support the claim that they were “ involved ” in the Occupy movement , a Southern Poverty Law Center dossier on Kessler 's political history , uses the phrase “ apparent involvement ” and supplies no evidence to indicate they had anything other than a relatively brief encounter with the Charlottesville contingent . )
Did Kessler write articles for CNN that were sympathetic to the Occupy movement ?
False . Kessler says they never worked for CNN , and we spoke to a source at CNN who confirmed it . A writer named Jason Kessler was once employed by CNN , and they did cover Occupy Wall Street protests among many other topics , but according to CNN it was not the same Jason Kessler who went on to lead Unite the Right .
On 26 August 2017 , the conservative blog SpartaReport linked to a 2013 tweet identifying a Jason M. Kessler as a former CNN reporter ( the Charlottesville organizer 's full name is Jason Erik Kessler ) .
Did Kessler accept a $ 1,320 campaign consulting fee from a Democratic Congressional candidate in 2012 ?
False . Kessler told us they have never received money from any political campaign . Moreover , the “ proof ” offered up by Kessler 's accusers , a screenshot of a Federal Elections Commission entry showing that a “ Jason Kessler ” received that amount from the 2012 Congressional campaign of North Carolina Democrat Charles Murphy , is easily debunked . Looking deeper , we discovered that the Jason Kessler listed there was : a ) a North Carolina resident ( Unite the Right 's Jason Kessler was , and remains , a resident of Charlottesville , Virginia ) ; b ) Charles Murphy 's campaign manager .
Did Kessler change their political views only after Donald Trump succeeded in being elected president ?
False . As we mentioned above , Kessler says their political views began to evolve during Obama 's second term in office as they became more and more disaffected by the left 's dogmatic emphasis on racial identity politics . Looking at their blog posts from late 2015 , we find them reluctant to reveal much about those views :
Despite having a definite viewpoint , I have sympathies with both the left & right of political/social thought . I want both in my readership . Therefore the political thought of my private life will be kept private until such time as it is relevant to my work or a critique of my work , as I 've stated .
By February 2016 , however , we find Kessler openly condemning the Democratic Party as the “ ‘ Unite to Get Whitey ' party ” and complaining about the “ anti-white media and anti-white laws ” :
I 'm actually really okay with Beyonce 's racial advocacy at the Superbowl . I 'm a big proponent of free speech across the board . I think it 's really important for white people not to whine about it like little bitches . Then they 're just playing into the same victim game . They are affirming and condoning it as ​a reasonable discourse in 21st century America . I do however feel like white people , just like any group based on race , religion or creed , should be able to advocate their interests without facing discrimination for it from the culture at large . Every group is allowed to lobby based on their identity except white people ( and men but that 's another story ) . The Democrats are essentially the “ Unite to Get Whitey ” party . There will come a time when white people understand that they also need to stick together as a political force . Otherwise we 'll keep being bombarded by anti-white media & anti-white laws . We 're going to be a minority soon & we 're already treated like one . Do n't think we are n't going to be oppressed more & more if we ca n't stand up for ourselves .
More chillingly , Kessler speaks of the importance of tribes and civilizations “ clashing ” for the good of natural selection :
Cultures , tribes & civilizations are meant to clash just as we always have in the past , just like it is with nearly every other beast in the animal kingdom . We are beasts . We share 99 % of our DNA with bonobos and almost as much with the other Great Apes . Competition is part of natural selection and evolution . Sorry Marxists , your vision of utopia will never exist because it is counter to human nature . The more your “ oppressed ” groups gain power the more they will use it to enact revenge . ​Conflict is how we adapt . This is how stronger cultures survive while degenerate cultures ( drug use , sexual irresponsibility , failure to comply with societal expectations like laws , etc . ) must learn to either adapt or assimilate . This social engineering project the West has engaged in is a failure . The more righteous cultures are dragged down by the dead weight of failed ones . More than that , failed cultures are given competitive advantages just so they can keep tearing down the responsible , hardworking individuals .
In October 2016 , Kessler went on a rant criticizing the major social media platforms for , in their view , “ censoring ” conservative viewpoints :
The owner of Twitter is a vocal Black Lives Matter supporter and regular bans and censors prominent conservatives like Milo Yiannopoulos and Chuck Johnson ( the reporter who outed UVA rape hoaxer Jackie Coakley ) . Can you imagine if Bell Telephone Company or AT & T lines had been monitored by billionaire plutocrats for “ incorrect speech ” as the views of social media users today are ?
They were also moved to express support for a strong critic of Black Lives Matter , University of Virginia lecturer Doug Muir , who had called BLM “ racist. ” In the process , Kessler themselves described BLM as “ a group which has advocated for the killing of white police officers on many occasions ” :
Since the 1960 's when the roots of far-left liberal activism reached maturation we 've seen many successful attempts to create “ choking points ” around free speech . These tactics were outlined by dedicated Communist Saul Alinsky in their book “ Rules for Radicals ” . Just like you can assault an army in more directions than just head on ( from the side through an underpass , etc . ) there are several ways to deny people their rights in ways unknown to the founding fathers . One of which we see on campuses throughout the nation where any professor who makes remarks critical of multiculturalism or political correctness is , cajoled , fired , or intimidated into silence . We saw this recently in the public tarring and feathering of UVA lecturer Doug Muir , who dared to claim that Black Lives Matter is a racist group on Facebook . For the record , Black Lives Matter is a group which has advocated for the killing of white police officers on many occasions . We can see the fruits of their labors in the five police officers slain by a BLM member in Dallas , Texas . Their critics point out that they exploit the crime epidemic in inner city ghettos in order to advocate policy preferences and benefits for their racial in-group .
In November 2016 , Kessler campaigned for the removal from office of Charlottesville Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy , who had called for the removal of Charlottesville 's Robert E. Lee statue ( the same statue , in fact , around whose fate Kessler would organize their Unite the Right rally in 2017 ) .
And in December 2016 , a seemingly jubilant Kessler celebrated the election of President Donald Trump and “ the end of identity politics ” :
2016 was an unprecedented year in the history of our democracy . After decades of stigmatization and encroaching government oppression the white , blue collar heartland of America stood up against the forces of globalization , free trade , and open-borders . They voted down the displacement of American citizens by illegal labor and overzealous immigration from the most extreme Islamic countries on Earth . They banished Hillary Clinton to the legacy of a two-time loser in the footnotes of history and they sent Donald J. Trump to the White House .
None of these reads to us like the history of a man who underwent a sudden , “ feigned ” conversion to an alt-right , “ pro-white ” political stance in the wake of the election of Trump ( for whom Kessler voted , they told us , and whose presidency they still support ) . The evidence shows , rather , that Kessler was already evincing well-developed “ white identity ” views by February 2016 , and has consistently reviled the left and expressed solidarity with the alt-right ever since .
It would appear that their former alt-right compatriots sensed a convenient scapegoat in Kessler — someone they could easily finger as a patsy of George Soros and the Clinton-Obama “ deep state ” in their rush to blame the Charlottesville debacle on a left-wing conspiracy . Given that they organized the event and set its agenda , Kessler indeed bears some responsibility for what happened there , but they do so not as some imagined “ Soros/deep state plant , ” but rather as a legitimate figurehead of the alt-right white nationalist movement .
The UN refugee agency has accused Sri Lanka of breaking international law in its growing campaign to force out Pakistani asylum seekers without a fair hearing .
`` Fundamentally , this is a breach of the principle of no forced returns . That 's a clear violation of international law , '' Adrian Edwards , spokesperson for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , said on Wednesday .
Sri Lanka has deported 88 Pakistanis since August 1 , despite claims that they could be at risk in their homeland , Edwards said .
Starting with men who had been placed in detention , the country has since widened the net to cover whole families , they told reporters .
`` We are very concerned at the continued deportations that are happening . We want deportations stopped . ''
'Heightened anxiety '
In all , there are now 11 women and eight children among the deported , said Edwards .
`` Some of the latest deportees had their passports and asylum-seeker certificates seized last week . They were told to go to Colombo airport , where they were placed on flights to Pakistan , '' they said .
They added that UNHCR staff had also heard of families being separated - including an incident where a man was sent home more than a week ago as their pregnant wife remained in Sri Lanka .
Hundreds of Pakistani Christians fleeing persecution have been arriving in Sri Lanka in search of a haven .
Sri Lanka has defended its crackdown , saying a state 's responsibility under international law had to be `` nuanced and balanced in the context of domestic compulsions '' .
Edwards could not immediately give details about the background of the deportees but said UNHCR guidelines stipulated that asylum claims from Pakistan 's Christian , Ahmadiyya Muslim and Shia Muslim minorities should be given particularly careful attention .
They said the UNHCR also wanted access to 157 asylum seekers - including 84 Pakistanis , 71 Afghans and two Iranians - who remained in detention in Sri Lanka .
`` These recent developments have heightened anxiety among the refugee and asylum-seeker population in Sri Lanka . Many are afraid to leave their homes for fear of arrest , detention and deportation , '' Edwards said .
In Tom Hanks ' iPad App , Typewriters Make Triumphant Return ( Ding ! )
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
Tom Hanks ' love affair with typewriters began in the 1970s , with their first proper typewriter — a Hermes 2000 . Typewriters are `` beautiful works of art , '' they tell NPR 's Audie Cornish . `` And I 've ended up collecting them from every ridiculous source possible . ''
Hank admits they started their collection when they had a `` little excess cash '' but , they point out , it 's `` better to spend it on $ 50 typewriters than some of the other things you can blow show-business money on . ''
The obsession has now resulted in an app called Hanx Writer : For iPad users who are nostalgic for the clickety-clack of keystrokes and `` ding ! '' of the carriage return , Hanx Writer will type and print documents just like an old manual typewriter . The design of the app , which Hanks created with the developer Hitcents , was based on typewriters from Hanks ' own collection .
As for whether version 2.0 will have a white-out option ? `` That would be funny , '' Hanks says .
Interview Highlights
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anthony Harvey/Getty Images Anthony Harvey/Getty Images
On differences from modern word processing — such as the function of backspace and delete
On the app , you ca n't just hold down the button and it deletes line after line . You literally have to do it one at a time : tuk , tuk , tuk , tuk . ... Or you can just not care and just go on with whatever horrible syntax you happen to personally use .
When I use my manual typewriter , I 'm merciless with the X-ing out key . And sometimes it 's nice ... when you 're typing a letter on the app just to maintain that false Luddite sensibility . It 's kind of like when you take a video and you add onto it the scratchy 8 mm filter that you can download . ... It 's not authentic in any way other than the way it appears .
On how using the app changes the writing process
It makes me work a little slower , and when you work a little slower , you work a little bit more accurately . ... I like operating a little bit slower . Now , the only thing I get from this app is the sound and the speed . What I really , truly miss is the physical trail that typing usually gives you . Typing on an actual typewriter on paper is only a softer version of chiseling words into stone .
On whether this is a gateway typewriter experience for a new generation
I think in a lot of ways much of what ... the app-makers out there are discovering [ are ] this kind of like backdoor Luddite habits . The amount of cool things you can do with a photographic app now to make it look like anything from a daguerreotype from the 1860s to a Polaroid from 1972 — that gives it a patina . And because you 've paid attention to it a little bit more , you have n't just taken a picture and sent it off , that means it becomes some sort of artistic expression .
On the trade-offs
If you do want to adhere to a couple of arcane rules in which speed and volume might be sacrificed a little bit — but the advantages that you get of more of a relaxed pace and a specific look to it — to me that 's a wonderful trade-off .
In 2006 , Plano police received a tip that a bookmaker there was illegally taking bets on pro and college sporting events . They began looking into the matter and had an undercover cop call the man up and put in one wager , then another . In relatively short order , Plano PD had plenty of evidence that the bookie was violating gambling laws .
By that point , however , they had realized that the man was just a small cog in an enormous multi-billion-dollar illegal gambling operation . According to court documents , the operation was headed by Albert Sidney Reed Jr. , a 57-year-old from Southlake who operated about 25 Caribbean-based gambling websites that accepted wagers from bettors throughout the U.S .
The investigation wound up lasting five years and requiring help from more than a half dozen other local police departments and the criminal arm of the Internal Revenue Service . It climaxed over two days in March 2011 , when law enforcement officers executed 32 federal search warrants at properties throughout North Texas , leading to the arrest and conviction of 18 people . And their operation was truly massive : $ 5.4 billion in wagers and $ 200 million in illegal earnings between January 2007 and February 2011 , according to the feds .
May 2 , 2016 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
You 're reading Entrepreneur India , an international franchise of Entrepreneur Media .
Tipping is one of the most bizarre concepts of economies worldwide , which refuse to make any sense to me . As a person of color and having spent almost my entire life so far in India , thankfully , the concept of mandatory tipping has not crept up in even the most posh restaurants or any other industry . I understand in America , tipping is not mandatory on paper , but socially is literally compulsory . From restaurants , to cab drivers to workers , agents , or basically any job that requires someone to personally do any work for you , essentially requires a tip . This strange phenomenon now threatens to enter Uber in India .
In a majority of European countries and almost entirely in Asia , tips are only given when services rendered are exceptionally good , or someone goes out of their official work duties to give you an additional incentive – a complimentary water bottle in your Uber , or a fancier collection of spices with your steak , a better quality built on your car 's ride or an extra smiling serviceman . Tipping in America is customary . There could be several reasons to it .
Employers have conveniently escaped giving decent wages to begin with to their employees , leaving that burden on the consumer/client
Because of this lack of decent salaries , you 'll be emotionally forced to help out the one working for you .
Everyone 's doing it
You want to not act cheap in front of your date/ friends/ family
Instead of tipping for exceptional service , it has become a tradition to tip when the service was acceptable . Now users tip if nothing exceptionally bad has happened !
This sort of reasons makes vague , if any , sort of sense while in the food and beverage industry . But the concept of tipping for Uber rides makes no sense at all , especially so in India . Here 's why :
Uber drivers are making decent money
Do n't get me wrong , they 're doing a brilliant service and acting as necessary cogs in the circle of modernization of life . But earning upwards of 50,000 rupees a month while driving in an AC car – and then getting paid for being stuck in traffic , taking a wrong turn or driving during peak hours meaning even more money - all of this tell me there can be a lot worse job out there . They 're nowhere near the bottom of the economic barrel . Your 10 % will be peanuts to them anyway .
You 're there to commute , not do elaborate mathematics
If I 'm travelling at 1 AM back home , the last thing I want to do is figure out complex mathematics of how much to tip and then have an arguably long debate with my fellow peers on how to divide this amount . Nobody 's got the time for that .
It violates Uber 's USP : fair & transparent pricing
As a regular user of Uber , I want to know for a fact what I 'm going to pay for so that I can decide whether to take an alternate form of commutation or not . I can not keep adding imaginary tips into the equation . I want a crystal clear pricing , so that I know in advance what I 'm paying for .
You 're paying via card to avoid cash : but you 're carrying tipping money ?
The reason I tried Uber in the first place is I use my Paytm wallet or synchronized credit card so that I can roam around mentally free without a worry in my head of being robbed or losing cash . I like to travel light and use plastic instead of paper . Now the idea of tipping forces me to rethink and recalculate my entire night or journey , which is such a mental headache .
If everyone started tipping , rides would only be visible in the richer side of town
Since Uber does n't force drivers to stay in one location or another , imagine a world where drivers understand that this particular side of town 's clients always tip generously as compared to another . Would n't they always linger near that area , leaving other parts of the town deserted ? That would eliminate the whole concept of Uber being reliable !
Surprisingly , Uber recently also revealed its official public policy on tipping , stating that it intends to remain hassle free and not include mandatory or suggestive tipping in its billings – but customers are of course allowed to tip if they want to .
Do you tip your Uber driver ? Why or why not ? Let us know in the comments on our official Facebook page Entrepreneur India
TEHRAN — Tehran 's police chief , who was responsible for a crackdown on immodestly dressed women for the past year , has been arrested , a spokesperson for the judiciary confirmed Tuesday .
At a news conference , the spokesperson , Alireza Jamshidi , would not give the reason for the arrest , the semiofficial Fars news agency reported .
Web sites and local newspapers reported last month that the chief , Gen. Reza Zarei , had been arrested after being caught in a police raid at an underground brothel with six naked prostitutes .
The announcement on Tuesday was the first official confirmation of the arrest .
The chief led a crackdown that started a year ago to increase enforcement of Islamic regulations . Thousands of young women were detained for violating the Islamic dress code , usually for wearing head scarves that showed too much hair , coats that were tight enough to reveal the figure or pants that were too short . Prostitution is illegal in Iran and can be punished severely .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It is not clear whether their arrest would affect the crackdown , the most severe since the early days of the 1979 revolution .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Jamshidi also said three students who advocated democracy and had been detained for a year received jail terms of up to 30 months , Fars reported .
Police in Israel reinstated age restrictions for Muslim worshippers at Jerusalem 's Temple Mount after renewed clashes broke out between masked Palestinians and Israeli security forces on Sunday , the last day of the Muslim Eid al-Adha holiday .
Police earlier called on Arab parliamentarians to take responsibility for the maintaining of order at Jerusalem 's flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque compound and accused Arab Israeli lawmakers of failing to calm tensions at the flashpoint site .
A police statement singled out MK Hanin Zoabi for criticism , after they said that preventing Muslim access to al-Aqsa on a holiday was a `` dangerous and unprecedented step , '' saying this claim was baseless as the site had in fact only been open to Muslims in the hope that this would prevent any violence .
A police statement said young Palestinians `` threw stones and fireworks at police and border police forces , '' who responded with `` riot dispersal means . '' Police vowed to find , arrest and charge the perpetrators .
Calm returned to the compound later in the morning and most police had withdrawn but Israeli Arab activists remained inside , AFP correspondents reported .
Muslims have been alarmed by an increase in visits by Jews and fear rules governing the compound will be changed .
Al-Aqsa , the third holiest site in Islam , is also venerated by Jews as the Temple Mount and is considered the most sacred place in Judaism .
Jews are allowed to visit but not to pray to avoid provoking tensions .
Visits by Jews were stopped on Sunday and age restrictions on Muslim men entering the compound lifted .
But recent weeks have seen a series of Jewish holidays during which there has an been an uptick in visits by Jews that have sparked repeated clashes .
The radical northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel and the Higher Arab Monitoring Committee ( HAMC ) , which represents Arab communities in Israel , had urged Muslims to go to the compound to defend it .
AFP correspondents saw around 150 people at the compound sporting green Islamic Movement caps .
`` We 're going to stay here for the whole day , we want to prevent the Jews from attacking Al-Aqsa , '' an Arab Israeli woman who gave their name as Hala told AFP .
Several Arab members of the Israeli parliament were also present at the compound .
Islamic Movement official Sheikh Qairi Eskender said : `` We 're afraid they want to divide the Aqsa compound , because the Jewish extremists want to take control of Al-Aqsa .
`` Our goal today is to prevent Al-Aqsa from being tarnished by their visits , '' Eskender told AFP .
`` In the coming days , we 'll have people staying here . ''
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said repeatedly that there will be no change to the rules governing the compound despite the views of some hardliners within their governing coalition .
Kerry intervenes
Reports emerged that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry recently prevented a meeting from taking place between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . Senior Palestinian and Israeli officials told Haaretz that the intervention had occurred , however State Department spokesperson John Kirby said the details were inaccurate .
Abbas recently met in Paris with four retired Israeli diplomats who served in the past as ambassadors to France , where they told them that they do not intend to announce the dissolution of the Palestinian Authority or the cancellation of the Oslo Accords at the UN .
Abbas also said that they were willing to meet with Netanyahu , however was prevented from doing so by “ a third party who is n't Israeli . ”
( Staff with AFP )
I 've been wanting to try out Ten Three Labs for a long time . I 've heard wonders about Cara 's Salve Sticks , which are their versions of lip balms . And I am addicted to lip balm , so it 's been really calling me . Cara mentioned on /r/IMAM that they were putting out a new collection in July and was looking for a couple of bloggers to review and share the collection . I offered up my swatching services , and Cara graciously sent me this collection for review .
The theme of this collection is K-pop . I 've never gotten into K-Pop , but I do love me some J-pop . So , this was my chance to not only try out some exciting makeup , but also get to know a new music genre . So , today 's post is going to have a lot of photos as well as some info on the songs and bands . Exciting times !
The Kill Collection is broken up into three area : eye shadows , scents , and sheens with a bonus salve stick ! It releases today ! Here is a link to check it out on the site . Also , Ten Three Labs announced on the Facebook page that they are offering a 10 % off all shop purchases in honor of the landmark decision that came down last week with the code LOVEWINS until July 4th .
But now , let 's get to the swatches !
Note : All eyeshadows are swatched over Darling Girl Glitter Glue on the left and NYX white base on the right . Also , each of the sample baggies do n't look super full , but trust me ! Cara is very generous with sample sizes , which is so nice ! I 'd say they give about as much as Shiro samples , which is pretty ample .
Shadows :
El Dorado : This color is a lovely warm gold that applies beautifully . Cara described this as a rich gold with green sheen . I 'll be honest , I could n't see the green sheen over either base . Still , This is a really lovely color . It 's inspired by a song called El Dorado by EXO . This song is pretty alright ! I could definitely see it on the radio in the US… if it were in English .
Girls Girls Girls : This is described as a golden green . To me , this is a sage-green with a hint of yellow with golden sparkles . I do n't know how I thought I would feel about this color , but I really like it a lot ! One thing to call out here , you can see in the baggie that there 's quite a bit of unmixed pigment . I did n't find that it affected application , but I know some people can be particular about that . This color is inspired by Girls Girls Girls by GOT7 . I do n't love the song , but I do love the dancing in this video !
Sniper : I am normally terrified of these kinds of colors . But this one is a wow . It 's a deep forest-jungle green hybrid with golden shimmers . It has a black base , which you know I do n't really like , but I still love this one ! The title for this eyeshadow is from Sniper by Shinhwa , which I enjoyed . I like the whistling in the background . I could dance to this . I like that .
Fantastic Baby : This is one of my favorites from this collection . It 's a medium peach with an icy blue sheen . It 's a nice , but still interesting neutral . The color is inspired by Fantastic Baby from Bigbang . Unfortunately I did n't like this song , and I especially thought the video was sort of silly . But to each their own !
Breathe : Cara described this as a “ bright orange with crimson sparks. ” What I see is similar , but slightly different . To me , the base looks like a soft pumpkin-y orange matte with a ton of hot pink sparkles . And when I say a ton , I mean a TON . I mean , seriously , look at it in the baggie ! You can see all the insane sparkles even in the baggie ! Over the GG , the sparkles explode , but even over just the white base , you do n't lose a lot of those , which is nice . This color is inspired by Breathe from miss A. I definitely think I could do this dance , so there 's that .
Red Light : This is a brick red with golden sparks . A lot of golden sparkles . I do n't have much red in my collection , so this is a welcome addition ! The gold sparkle explosion makes this color even more exciting to me . The sad part is that I just could n't get the gold sparkles to photograph in my swatches… I promise it was there – a lot of it ! It 's based on the song Red Light by f ( x ) . I like this song to . Again , I think it 'd fit in pretty well on US radio…
Dream Girl : This is one of my favorites of this collection . It 's tiffany blue with blue sparkles . It applies very buttery and smooth , which I love . It 's from the song Dream Girl by SHINee . Not in love with the song , but I appreciate the fashion sense in the video !
Poison : This is a violet with dark blue sheen . It 's a very pretty color , although the formula is a bit thinner than the other ones though . The blue sheen was really tough to photograph , but it was very strong in person ! This color is from Poison by Secret , which is a pretty catchy song .
Run Devil Run : This is another favorites from the collection for me . It 's a flat black with a golden sheen to it . I 'm very excited to see if the golden sheen stays put when I use this as an eyeliner . It 's from the song Run Devil Run by SNSD . I am simply amazed at how many people are in that band together… There 's like 15 girls in it !
Scents
Ice Cream Cake : Cara describes this scent as “ vanilla , chocolate , honey , with a cherry on top , plus a spicy cake base. ” It 's named after a Red Velvet song called , surprise , Ice Cream Cake ! I love ice cream cake , so I was pretty damn excited about this scent . In the jar , it smells like maraschino cherries . But when I apply it , it smelled like red tootsie pops . I love tootsie pops , but this really threw me off . After a few minutes , the “ red ” smell starts to fade away , thank goodness . It leaves a bit of a calmer cherry scent . I faintly smell the vanilla and honey in the background , but the cherry takes center stage . As it fades down , about an hour or so after application , the cherry is still the strongest note , but then a sly chocolate joins the party , which is a nice combo .
Thunder : This scent is described as “ soggy grass in a rainstorm , electrified air , honeysuckle. ” It 's based on the song , Thunder by EXO . This is really the first watery , grassy scent I 've tried . I thought I would n't love that kind of scent , given that I normally go for gourmand ( FOOD ! Sweets ! Yummies ! ) scents . But , I found this scent very mysterious and intriguing . That said , I have no idea what electrified air even means , but I 'm wondering if that means soap . In the bottle , this scent did smell a bit soapy to me , but in a “ fresh and clean in the shower ” sort of way . The minute I apply it , though , the soapiness disappears , and that 's when I smell the rainstorm and fresh-cut grass . The honeysuckle is sort of a background smell for me , at least at first . As it dries down , the honeysuckle comes out more and more , but the rain and grass definitely takes the front seat here . I was surprised with just how much I loved this !
Bloom : This is a fresh , floral scent , described as “ bouquets of frangipani , baby 's breath , honeysuckle and wisteria , with fresh peaches and grassy hints. ” I ca n't specifically smell each of these notes , but I 'm not that good with pulling these out when there are this many . But what I can say is that I am in love with this scent . It 's so spring-y and floral , but not in an old lady way . This is going to become one of my everyday scents for sure . It was inspired by the song Bloom by Ga In .
Sheens
Call Me Baby : This is described as a coral pink , but to me , it 's more on the orange end of coral . Still , a very pretty color ! It 's from the song Call Me Baby by EXO . I do n't love this song , but I do appreciate their dance moves !
Goodbye Baby : This is described as a black cherry with violet sparks . In the container , I see the sparkles , but they are lost when this is applied . On my lips , this definitely is a dark cherry – almost black on me . On someone brave or someone who often wears dark colors , this would be a great fit . Just a note , though , this did start feathering on me almost immediately upon application . I do generally have trouble with feathering , so take that for what it 's worth , but this was a pretty immediate featherage on me . It 's inspired by Goodbye Baby from miss A , def not my favorite song . The color seems a bit intense for this song , but that 's just me . 🙂
One thing I will call out about the sheens is that while they both apply pretty smoothly , like a gloss , they are pretty slick . I found that Goodbye Baby had a longer wear time since it did stain a bit . The other thing to note is that these had a pretty strong plastic-y smell . It either faded or I got used to it after a while , but it was especially strong to me when I first opened the clamshell .
The salve stick for this collection is Hani Hani because Hani is Cora 's favorite EXID member . It 's honey peach flavored , but the honey is synthetic , meaning that this balm is vegan safe . It 's really interesting to me because it smells so much like a real honey – very impressive ! This balm is super moisturizing moisturizing . I 'm going to have to do a lip balm competition to see whose is the best , but I think this one will be right up there .
Also included was a sample of the GWP for June , based on EXO 's Love Me Right . It has a bright purple-pink matte base with gold sheen . The formula on this one is a bit thin , but I still really like it . I do n't have any colors similar to this , so I 'm always excited to get something unique to my collection ! !
Overall , I really love this collection . My favorites are the Sniper , Fantastic Baby , Dream Girls , and Run Devil Run from the eyeshadows and Thunder and Bloom from the scents . This collection is going to get a lot of use and a lot of love from me for sure ! Here is the link on the site to it , if you want to check it out . This was my first time trying Ten Three Labs , and I am definitely impressed ! Soon , I 'll have another Ten Three Labs post to share with reviews and swatches of some things I purchased .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
* Press Samples . All opinions are absolutely my own *
Share this : Email
Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
StumbleUpon
Pocket
The FCC has good news this morning for cable and satellite companies , but bad news for their subscribers who hate the set-top boxes they usually must lease in order to watch TV .
The agency 's new chairperson , Ajit Pai , has removed from its agenda consideration of a proposal that would have made it possible for independent manufacturers to sell boxes that could replace the ones providers supply . The FCC says that 99 % of subscribers pay an average of $ 231 a year to lease the boxes , even well after they 've covered the cost of the devices .
Associated Press
Former FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler led the charge for a rule that would have required pay TV distributors to offer subscribers free , FCC-approved apps that they could download to the device of their choice to watch programming .
Congress ordered the FCC in several laws to find a way to give subscribers an alternative to the operator-provided boxes that unencrypt transmissions . For example , a 2014 law governing satellite services told regulators to come up with “ a not unduly burdensome , uniform , and technology- and platform neutral software-based downloadable security system ” to provide competition .
But opponents , including Pai , said that Wheeler 's proposal would interfere with arrangements that networks make with distributors about advertising , security , and channel placement , among other things .
The MPAA sided with cable and satellite companies , and cheered Pai 's decision .
CEO Chris Dodd says that while “ we support competition within the set-top box market , ” it should not come “ at the expense of copyright policy or the livelihoods of millions of American creators . ”
Last year Pai said , in their objection to Wheeler 's proposal , that “ the Commission should focus on ways to ditch the set-top box and embrace the video marketplace of the future . ”
In September , Comcast said the proposed change would “ stop the apps revolution dead in its tracks by imposing an overly complicated government licensing regime and heavy-handed regulation in a fast-moving technological space . ”
AT & T also said the initiative should be “ discarded ” because it had “ copyright and privacy concerns . ”
Consumer advocates disagreed . For example , Consumers Union gave the proposal its seal of approval saying it could “ save American families hundreds of dollars a year in device fees . This proposal is an important step in giving consumers new , innovative choices in a market that 's had limited — if any — competition for years . ”
Between Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablets for passenger entertainment and Apple iPads for pilots , American Airlines has been embracing mobile device technology with open arms . Now the company will be taking the trend one step further by giving a Samsung Galaxy Note to all 17,000 of its flight attendants . The devices will be used to access customer information , track food and beverage preferences for premium class customers , identify special-needs passengers , and provide up-to-date flight and weather notifications .
American Airlines began testing the program in the spring and plans on rolling it out to flight attendants later this year . The airline tested multiple devices , but ultimately chose the 5.3-inch Android handset for its `` thin , portable design '' and `` easy to handle profile . '' While we may not agree with the company 's assesment of the Note 's form factor , we wo n't argue about the added convinience that this will likely bring to both customers and employees .
Race Analysis
9/28/10 -- The polls indicate that this race is starting to get away from Crist . Rubio 's lead is cracking double digits . Crist 's problem is that their position was always pretty untenable -- as they move toward Democrats they shed Republican supporters , and as they move toward Republicans they shed Democratic supporters .
-- -- -- -- -- Race Preview -- -- -- -- -
This one is already a race for the ages , with more twists and turns than a John Grisham novel . Republican Senator Mel Martinez opted not to run for re-election in 2010 . Republicans thought they had saved the seat when popular Governor Charlie Crist entered the race . But Crist drew a tough primary challenge from conservative former House Speaker Marco Rubio . Rubio surged to the lead , and Crist eventually dropped out of the Republican primary and decided to run as an independent . In the process , they began to send signals that they would caucus with the Democrats if elected .
The Democrats have their own drama . In addition to flirting with Crist , they had to contend with two aspirants for the Democratic nomination . Kendrick Meek is a former police officer who has represented the heavily African American precincts in the Miami area since 2002 . Meek has a fairly standard liberal voting record , has never faced a general election opponent , and only endured two primary challenges , including their recent defeat of Jeff Greene in the Democratic Senate primary .
This makes for an interesting dynamic . Meek 's victory in the August primary means that they will probably hold the African American vote , which makes things dicey for Crist . Crist wo n't win nearly as many Republican votes as they are getting in polls right now if Republicans intuit that they are going to vote for Harry Reid for majority leader . The three-way nature of this race means that 40 percent of the vote will likely be enough to win .
Spread the love
Congress is ready to join the crusade against so-called “ fake news , ” forwarding a measure through the National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) to combat purported foreign propaganda and disinformation . The news comes after mainstream media have been busy promoting bogus blacklists , lashing out at those who dare question the narrative . According to VOA :
“ A congressional committee on Wednesday approved the measure , which would expand the ability of the State Department 's Global Engagement Center to identify and combat online disinformation . It still must be voted on by the full House and Senate and signed by the president before taking effect… The measure advanced this week would draw on the resources of the Defense Department , intelligence agencies , the U.S. Agency for International Development and the Broadcasting Board of Governors — parent organization to Voice of America and other U.S. government-funded international broadcasters — according to the Washington Post newspaper . ”
The effort grew out of the Countering Foreign Propaganda and Disinformation Act and would supposedly stick to foreign targets . However , the Snowden revelations made us well aware that government is ready and willing to turn its powers on domestic targets — without notification .
The fact that this $ 160 million , two-year authorization is being advanced through the annual military budget makes it all the more disconcerting . Under the guise of the war on terror , the NDAA has been used to increase Executive authority , and the 2012 version went so far as to authorize the indefinite military detention of U.S. civilians without habeus corpus .
In promoting the bill , Sen. Chris Murphy gave the Washington Post some propaganda to repeat , saying , “ In the wake of this election , it 's pretty clear that the U.S. does not have the tools to combat this massive disinformation machinery that the Russians are running . ”
Another cheerleader , Sen . Rob Portman , said , “ [ Russia and China ] spend vast sums of money on advanced broadcast and digital media capabilities , targeted campaigns , funding of foreign political movements , and other efforts to influence key audiences and populations . ”
Naturally , the Washington Post did not analyze these statements , and failed to mention that last year the Pentagon ramped up its information war through the STRATCOM program . Based in Latvia , on the front lines of the new Cold War , this program merges “ psychological operations , propaganda and public affairs under the catch phrase ‘ strategic communications . ' ”
This “ new temple to information technology ” represents the latest evolution in a decades-long effort to control the narrative so U.S. military hegemony can advance unchecked , making endless war the norm . The control and manipulation of information is now viewed as a “ soft power ” weapon .
To battle fake news and foreign propaganda , the U.S. merely engages in a bigger and better form of fake news and propaganda .
But why would they need a new Congressional initiative to combat purported Russian propaganda if they already have STRATCOM ? Considering the establishment 's war on alternative media and those who legitimately question the narrative , the NDAA measure could be frightening indeed .
More than one blacklist has been propagated through mainstream media – with no evidence or rational justification – lumping reputable news and opinion sources with actual “ fake news . ”
The Washington Post wins the prize for most desperate attempt , suggesting that around 200 websites – including this one – are willing co-conspirators or “ useful idiots ” in a massive Russian propaganda campaign . The list included longtime , respected outlets such as Ron Paul Institute , Consortium News , Truth Dig , AntiWar.com and others .
To advance this claim , Craig Timberg referenced a group called PropOrNot , although no research or evidence was provided , nor were the people behind the list revealed . We 're supposed to just take their word for it , because they are the hallowed mainstream media .
So it 's no surprise that Timberg proudly wrote a Washington Post article trumpeting the Congressional measure as “ the most significant initiative against foreign governments ' disinformation campaigns since the 1990s . ”
The reference to “ foreign governments ' ” rings hollow , as this is the same author pushing a McCarthyist crusade against American outlets . Authentic analysis of U.S. foreign policy is anathema to the Washington establishment , whose think-tanks generate endless war as “ primary provocateurs ” with MSM outlets acting as “ secondary communicators . ”
Timberg and fellow crusaders do n't seem to appreciate the fact that we criticize the war-mongering of all governments , not just America 's . Hillary was exposed as a key player in this perpetuation of endless war .
The rise of Donald Trump – whose authoritarian tendencies may turn out to be even worse for the cause of peace – does n't mean we should n't have called out Hillary . It means the system is broken .
As part of an effort to cut costs , the FIA opened up an invitation to tender last July for a series of standard sensors .
After evaluating the interested parties , McLaren 's technology arm was chosen as the winning bid .
It is the first time such sensors will be sourced from a single supplier , and comes against the backdrop of McLaren Applied Technologies also having supplied the Electronic Control Unit ( ECU ) used by all teams since 2008 .
Rodi Basso , motorsport director of McLaren Applied Technologies , said : `` We 're delighted McLaren Applied Technologies has been chosen by the FIA to be the trusted sole provider of engine pressure and temperature sensors for the 2018 to 2020 Formula 1 world championships .
`` From the ECU technology in every Formula 1 car to the engineers supporting teams at the track , McLaren Applied Technologies continues to be at the heart of motorsport .
`` Our mission is to provide an unrivalled service , ensuring the world 's premier race teams and series can continue to grow and delight fans around the world . ''
When will congressional Republicans tell us why they really want more Benghazi hearings ? They insist the hearings are necessary to uncover the “ truth ” about the 2012 attack on the American diplomatic mission and to honor the memory of the four Americans killed there . But at this point , neither of those claims are true . House Republicans are just trying to exploit the tragedy for political gain .
Sure , there was a period of time after the attack when Republicans and Democrats alike were making a concerted effort to determine what really happened that night . We all wanted a thorough investigation into how the attack came about , why our military could n't save the victims , and who was at fault . The families of the four brave Americans killed in Benghazi—Ambassador Chris Stevens , Sean Smith , Tyrone Woods , and Glen Doherty—deserved an impartial inquiry .
And while nothing in Washington , D.C. , is ever truly nonpartisan , members of both political parties led several congressional hearings on Benghazi . The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence conducted a bipartisan investigation , with interviews of government officials and U.S. personnel on the ground during the attacks , and the review of “ thousands of intelligence reports…and internal documents , ” including emails , cables , and surveillance videos .
So what did it find ? The committee 's 85-page report , released in January 2014 , set forth in great detail the facts of the attack . The report concluded that the attack could have been prevented , and it faulted the State Department for failing to increase security . The intelligence community also was singled out for failing to properly assess the risks posed . However , the committee rejected Republican allegations of a political coverup .
The Republican-controlled House Armed Services Committee also conducted a comprehensive review of classified and unclassified documents , and interviewed people with relevant information .
The committee 's report , released in February 2014 , laid the blame for the attack on White House officials , who failed “ to comprehend or ignored the dramatically deteriorating security situation in Libya. ” The committee also faulted the State Department for reducing security at the consulate . However , the committee denied assertions that a “ stand down ” order had been issued to U.S. military personnel not to assist U.S. personnel during the attack .
So there you have it . Both the Senate and House reports have provided us detailed information about the time period leading up to the attack , the attack itself , and who was to blame . At this point , you might expect that , as after the release of the 9/11 Commission report , the focus going forward would be on learning from the mistakes found and implementing measures to prevent the future loss of American lives .
But that has n't happened here . Instead , Republicans have continued to search for reasons to demand additional investigations , even though all the relevant facts have been uncovered .
We saw that again last week , after the White House released an email written three days after the Benghazi attack by Ben Rhodes , Obama 's deputy national security adviser . In the email , Rhodes urges Susan Rice , then U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , “ to underscore that these protests are rooted in an Internet video , and not a broader failure of policy ” when they go on the Sunday morning talk shows .
This email is not a “ smoking gun , ” as Republicans assert . As a reminder , hours before the Benghazi attack , there was an assault on the U.S. Embassy in Cairo fueled by anger over an anti-Islam film , Innocence of Muslims . In the days after the Benghazi attack , it was still unclear whether the violence was a spontaneous reaction to a video , as in Cairo , or a preplanned act of terrorism .
But after the release of Rhodes 's email , which added no new facts about the attack itself , Republicans went ballistic . They dusted off their old Benghazi talking points from 2012 and declared that a special Republican-controlled House committee had to be appointed to “ conduct a full and complete investigation. ” And , despicably , they used the memory of the four slain Americans as cover for their election-year political strategy .
On Monday , Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) said on Fox News : “ We have four dead Americans…and what we have seen from the president and Senate Democrats has been stonewalling. ” They also demanded answers to questions already addressed by the earlier congressional reports , such as why additional security was n't in place on the night of the attack . ( Cruz clearly likes to talk more on TV than read reports . )
House Speaker John Boehner announced that the new hearings were necessary “ to ensure the American people have the truth about the terrorist attack on our consulate that killed four of our countrymen. ” House Majority Leader Eric Cantor echoed Boehner , noting that “ four brave Americans were killed in Benghazi . ”
Want proof that the whole thing is nothing more than a political boondoggle ? Now House Republicans are “ jockeying ” to get on the proposed Benghazi committee . Is it because they 're so passionate about the “ truth ” or because they think it will raise their profile , help them fund-raise , and boost their political aspirations ? And this week the National Republican Congressional Committee launched a fundraising campaign called “ Benghazi Watchdogs ” to raise funds off the new hearings .
The four Americans killed in Benghazi deserve better . It 's time the GOP stopped using them as pawns to score political points and candidly told the American people that the new hearings are not about the victims or uncovering the “ truth ” but simply about advancing Republican political ambitions . They owe those killed in Benghazi at least that much .
ASSOCIATED PRESS Corey Lewandowski , left , Dan Scavino , center , and Michael Glassner are among the highest-paid senior staffers on Donald Trump 's campaign .
As likely Republican nominee Donald Trump attempts to make peace with skeptical female voters after years of sexist comments , they may need to take a hard look at their own campaign . Nearly three-quarters of the staffers on Trump 's campaign payroll are men , according to an analysis of their May financial disclosure report .
The New York real estate mogul is paying 70 staffers directly through their campaign . Fifty-two of them -- about 75 percent of the staff -- are men , while only 18 are women .
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's campaign , meanwhile , is roughly 10 times the size of Trump 's , but has a near-even ratio of male to female staffers . Fifty-one percent of the 731 staffers on the Clinton campaign payroll are women -- the same sex ratio of the United States population .
( Bernie Sanders , the presumptive second-place finisher in the Democratic primary , has a male-heavy campaign . Their camp 's top 10 highest-paid employees are all men . )
Trump 's campaign also appears to have a pay disparity between men and women in senior roles . Nearly all of Trump 's highest-paid senior staffers are men : Campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , deputy campaign manager Michael Glassner , chief policy adviser Sam Clovis , and director of social media Dan Scavino were each paid between $ 12,500 and $ 20,000 for April and May . The two female senior staffers -- communications director Hope Hicks and national spokesperson Katrina Pierson -- were paid $ 7,700 and $ 10,486 , respectively .
Trump 's former Iowa field organizer , Elizabeth Mae Davidson , sued their campaign in January over sex discrimination , claiming that men in the same jobs as women were being paid more and given more responsibility . They also accused the business mogul of sexual harassment , alleging that when they and another young female volunteer met Trump at a rally last summer , they said , “ You guys could do a lot of damage , ” referring to their physical attractiveness . ( Trump has denied making the comment . “ That is not the worst thing that could be said , ” they told The New York Times , “ but I never said it . ” )
While Trump 's campaign hires women mostly in communications roles and values those positions less than the senior roles filled by men , the Clinton campaign 's highest-paid staffer is communications director Jennifer Palmieri . Clinton 's chief operating officer , chief of staff , chief technology officer , and two of their senior policy advisers are all women .
Neither campaign responded to requests for comment .
The gender imbalance in Trump 's campaign is hardly surprising , given some of the comments he 's made in the past about women in the workplace . When MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski asked Trump in 2011 whether it 's fair to pay women who are mothers less than men in the same role , Trump essentially said yes .
“ An employer could say she 's not giving 100 percent , she 's giving me 84 percent , and 16 percent is going towards taking care of children , '' Trump said . `` So maybe you can also understand the employer 's point of view . ”
Trump has also said , on the topic of maternity leave , that pregnancy is `` an inconvenience '' for an employer . `` It 's a wonderful thing for the woman , it 's a wonderful thing for the husband , it 's certainly an inconvenience for a business , '' they said in a 2004 Dateline interview . `` And whether people want to say that or not , the fact is it is an inconvenience for a person that is running a business . ”
Women in the U.S. are fighting an uphill battle for equal pay , adequate maternity and paid family leave , and respect in the workplace . Full-time working women earn 79 cents for every dollar men earn on average , according to Census Bureau data . The U.S. is the only industrialized nation in the world that does not guarantee paid maternity leave , and a 2015 survey by Cosmopolitan magazine found that 1 in 3 women between ages 18 and 34 had been sexually harassed at work , across professional fields .
Clinton has made women 's workplace issues , including equal pay , paid leave and raising the minimum wage -- which would disproportionately benefit women -- central to their campaign . Conservatives have accused Clinton of paying female staffers less than men when they were in the Senate , but PolitiFact rated that claim `` mostly false . ''
While Trump has supported the idea of fair pay in theory , saying in August that men and women deserve `` equal pay for equal work , '' they said they oppose the idea of a law requiring employees to pay women and men the same .
`` People have to go out and they have to fight for themselves , '' Trump said at a November rally in Iowa . `` I do n't know if people agree with me , but once you get where everybody gets the same , I mean , you 're into a socialistic society . ''
As Hurricane Harvey rages through Texas with extensive flooding and detrimental winds , homes are falling apart and individuals are stranded with few places to turn . 15 people have died and the death toll continues to rise .
How can we help the organizations providing help as Harvey 's victims fight for their lives ? While volunteers are greatly appreciated , we ca n't all get there and physically help . The need for funding is essential .
In addition to starting a crowdfunding campaign on UHelp.com to raise money for the destruction of Harvey 's wake , there are numerous ways you can provide relief . If your foundation , nonprofit or corporation offers a grant that can help the victims of the storm , you can post the information on GrantWatch .
We have compiled a list of 18+ established organizations that are currently accepting donations for those affected by Hurricane Harvey . Why 18+ ? 18 is the numerical value of the Hebrew word for Chai , which represents life . Why the plus sign ? As you let us know of other established organizations with relief funds that are working for the survival of the Hurricane Harvey victims , we will add them to our ever-growing list .
1 . American Red Cross
Red Cross opens overnight shelters , distributes emergency supplies , prepares hot meals , snacks and water for those in need and provides physical and mental health volunteers for first-aid treatment , prescription-medication and/or eyeglass replacement and emotional support .
2 . Americares
Americares provides medicine , supplies , water and medical aid in emergency situations .
3 . Best Friends ' Disaster Relief Fund
Best Friends ' provides emergency assistance to animals in the wake of disasters , providing lifesaving work in disaster situations .
4 . Coalition for the Homeless
https : //www.homelesshouston.org/take-action/donate/
The Coalition supports organizations that directly provide services to homeless individuals . The organization is accepting donations to assist displaced individuals as a result of Hurricane Harvey .
5 . Feeding Texas
Feeding Texas ' food banks provide food boxes , shelter meals and cleaning supplies to families impacted by the storm .
6 . Greater Houston Community Foundation
The Foundation is a public charity in Houston under which Houston Mayor Sylvester Turned has created the Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund for the victims of the recent floods .
7 . Heart to Heart International
http : //www.hearttoheart.org/hurricaneharvey/
HHI supplies water , hygiene kits , Tetanus shots and other medical care to the victims of Hurricane Harvey .
8 . Houston Food Bank
http : //www.houstonfoodbank.org/donate/
Disaster-relief donations to Houston Food Bank will help provide food and supplies for southeast-Texas residents who need it most .
9 . The Humane Society of the United States
The Humane Society helps animals and their owners dealing with Harvey 's floods . The organization evacuates animals out of the disaster areas , providing both transport and rescue .
10 . Lefkowitz Leadership Initiative
http : //agudathisrael.org/disaster-relief-fund/ ? cat=lefkowitz-leadership-initiative
The Initiative provides food , clothing and Yomtov needs to Jewish families and institutions facing Harvey 's aftermath .
11 . North American Mission Board
The Board deploys crisis buckets of storm supplies , prepares hot meals and performs mud-out , chainsaw and cleaning services on damaged homes .
12 . Orthodox Union
The OU provides financial help for post-storm rebuilding .
13 . Portlight
http : //www.portlight.org/home.html
Portlight uses inclusive disaster strategies to assist people with disabilities affected by catastrophes .
14 . Salvation Army
The Salvation Army provides physical , emotional and spiritual care to disaster survivors and relief workers and will support long-term recovery tactics following immediate disaster-response efforts .
15 . Samaritan 's Purse
Samaritan 's Purse establishes tractor-trailer volunteer stations in disaster zones . Teams of volunteers provide damage-repair services such as cutting trees , tarping roofs , and performing mud-outs .
16 . Save the Children Federation
The Federation provides supplies and services to families in shelters .
17 . Texas Diaper Bank
The Diaper Bank gives diapers and disaster-relief kits to families with young children .
18 . United Airlines
The Airline is taking up donations for larger disaster-relief organizations such as Red Cross , Airlink , Americares , etc . The Airline is also giving away airline miles in exchange for donations .
19 . Seasons
If you prefer to donate physical supplies , Seasons collects and transports high-demand items for the survivors in Houston , TX .
20 . Chabad-Lubavitch Center
If you are looking for another way to help those impacted by the flooding in the Houston region , Chabad-Lubavitch Center , Texas Regional Headquarters has created an Amazon Wish List with basic items that are desperately needed as supplies run out .
If you would like to start a UHelp campaign for the victims of Hurricane Harvey , sign up here .
If you know of a well-established organization that is accepting donations that is not listed here , please provide the details in the comment section below and send us an email at support @ uhelp.com .
Stay Safe , Texas .
About the Author : Staff writer for UHelp
Armament Research Services ( ARES ) is a specialist technical intelligence consultancy , offering expertise and analysis to a range of government and non-government entities in the arms and munitions field . For detailed photos of the guns in this video , do n't miss the ARES companion blog post :
http : //armamentresearch.com/
George Fosbery V.C . is best known in firearms circles for the Webley-Fosbery automatic revolver , but they experimented with several other firearms designs as well . This particular one never made it into commercial production , but it uses a bolt design very reminiscent of what Johnson and Stoner would use 50+ years later , with six independent locking lugs around the circumference of the bolt head .
This firearm actually began as a pump action rifle before being converted into a shotgun ( using a Winchester barrel ) , which makes it all the more interesting . It was originally made circa 1891 , and later converted from a rifle into a shotgun ( hence the 1909 model barrel ) .
http : //www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Cool Forgotten Weapons merch ! http : //shop.bbtv.com/collections/forgotten-weapons
When it comes to the federal government 's role in safeguarding the planet and its most valuable natural resources , the United States is about to perilously stumble headfirst into the great unknown . Domestic doom and gloom aside , this certainly does n't mean that some of the world 's largest and most powerful companies are n't continuing to strive toward a better — and cleaner — future .
Earlier this week at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) in the chichi Swiss ski resort of Davos , a 30-page report on plastic packaging waste with some rather sobering key findings was released to the public . Titled “ The New Plastics Economy : Rethinking the Future of Plastics , ” the report finds that most ( 95 percent ) potentially reusable and recyclable plastic packaging material , worth $ 80 billion to $ 120 billion annually , is only used once before being discarded and lost to the economy .
A staggering amount of this cast-off plastic packaging , about 8 million metric tons per year , eventually winds up in the world 's oceans . Per the report , that 's roughly a garbage truckload full per minute . And if we continue on this current track , by the year 2050 , the oceans will be home to more plastic waste , by weight , than fish . Can you image ... more discarded plastic junk in the ocean than there there is fish ?
The good news ?
As revealed at Davos , 40 `` industry leaders '' — industry leaders responsible for producing plastic shampoo bottles , mayonnaise jars , and 2-liter jugs of diet soda that could potentially outweigh the world 's marine life within a matter of only a few decades — have come together to reverse this troubling trend and embrace a global circular economy in which “ plastics never become waste . ”
Published in collaboration between the WEF and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation , a British charity founded in 2009 by the record-breaking yachtswoman-turned-circular economy-promoting philanthropist , with support from the McKinsey Center for Business and Environment , the report describes itself as the first comprehensive vision for a plastic waste-free future .
Graphic : World Economic Form
Bringing together the world 's top purveyors of plastic packaging materials ( those asupervisorstioned soda bottles and mayonnaise jars ) to endorse the report and subsequently work toward the common goal of keeping plastic packaging out of oceans and re-circulating well after its initial use will prove to be nothing but beneficial .
As noted in the report , 20 percent of plastic packaging could be “ profitably reused ” while another 50 percent could be recycled . It 's up to global business leaders to figure out , via innovative ( re ) design solutions , how to tackle that remaining 30 percent of waste , equivalent to 10 billion garbage bags , that will inevitably wind up in landfills and incinerators .
Currently , only 14 percent of plastic packaging waste is reused or recycled .
Reads the report 's executive summary :
The overarching vision of the New Plastics Economy is that plastics never become waste ; rather , they re-enter the economy as valuable technical or biological nutrients . The New Plastics Economy is underpinned by and aligns with principles of the circular economy . Its ambition is to deliver better system-wide economic and environmental outcomes by creating an effective after-use plastics economy , drastically reducing the leakage of plastics into natural systems ( in particular the ocean ) and other negative externalities ; and decoupling from fossil feedstocks .
Unilever , P & G step up their game
As for what individual companies are doing at this moment — and plan to do moving forward in response to the report — is a little less clear although one report participant Unilever , has already publicly announced its intention to make all plastic packaging used it its multitude of brands “ fully reusable , recyclable or compostable by 2025 . ”
Says Paul Polman , CEO of the British-Dutch consumer goods behemoth , the world 's third largest , which owns a wide range of iconic food and personal care brands including Dove , Lipton , Noxzema , Marmite , Ben & Jerry 's , and Hellmann 's :
Our plastic packaging plays a critical role in making our products appealing , safe and enjoyable for our consumers . Yet it is clear that if we want to continue to reap the benefits of this versatile material , we need to do much more as an industry to help ensure it is managed responsibly and efficiently post consumer-use .
To address the challenge of ocean plastic waste we need to work on systemic solutions - ones which stop plastics entering our waterways in the first place . We hope these commitments will encourage others in the industry to make collective progress towards ensuring that all of our plastic packaging is fully recyclable and recycled .
Dame Ellen MacArthur praises Unilever 's direction in a press statement released by the company :
By committing to ambitious circular economy goals for plastic packaging , Unilever is contributing to tangible system change and sends a strong signal to the entire fast-moving consumer goods industry . Combining upstream measures on design and materials with post-use strategies demonstrates the system-wide approach that is required to turn the New Plastics Economy into reality .
Although not listed as a “ participating organization ” in the report , Procter & Gamble has endorsed the New Plastics Economy initiative and announced , in conjunction with the report 's release , that it plans to develop world 's first recyclable shampoo bottle partially made from “ beach plastic ” — that is , plastic waste plucked from shorelines .
Retired marathon solo sailor Dame Ellen MacArthur is leading the charge for a circular economy in which plastic packaging is endlessly reused and recycled . ( Photo : Bryan Ledgard/flickr )
The shampoo bottles themselves — Head & Shoulders brand , by the way — will be composed of 25 percent plastic sourced by volunteers at beaches in Northern France . The pilot initiative , launched by P & G in collaboration with two companies that are listed as participating organizations in the report , the always fantastic upcyclers at TerraCycle and French water and waste management company Suez , will kick off later this summer in France .
Says Jean-Louis Chaussade , CEO of Suez :
Suez was pleased to contribute to the New Plastics Economy report , a collaborative case for rethinking the current plastics economy . As this report shows , a radical and joint rethink of both design and after-use processes will be required , in addition to other measures such as stimulating demand for secondary raw materials . We look forward to continued collaboration to enable better economic and environmental results in the plastic packaging value chain and to accelerate the transition towards the circular economy . ”
Outside of beach plastic Head & Shoulders bottles , P & G has also announced that by 2018 roughly 90 percent of all hair care bottles the company sells in Europe — 500 million bottles annually — will be composed of at least 25 percent recycled plastic .
In addition to global business heavyweights including Nestle , SABMiller , Coca-Cola , Kimberly-Clark and IKEA , the NYC Department of Sanitation , Zero Waste Scotland , the London Waste & Recycling Board and the city of Atlanta were actively involved in the creation of the report alongside Dow Chemical , DuPont and Australian packaging giant Amcor among others . And not at all surprisingly , sustainable designer and Cradle to Cradle guru William McDonough served on the report 's advisory panel .
You can view The New Plastics Economy in full here . And be sure to keep an ear open from other major corporations aside from Unilever and Procter & Gamble on how they plan to work together and individually to combat the scourge of ocean-clogging plastic packaging waste .
Corporate giants vow to curb ocean-clogging plastic packaging waste
40 organization and multinational companies band together at the World Economic Forum in Davos to fight plastic pollution in the world 's oceans .
Owners of Footscray 's fire-razed Little Saigon market have an extra year to begin redeveloping the site .
Fire tore through the iconic Footscray market last December , destroying more than half the building and causing more than $ 12 million damage .
Prior to the fire , the owners had planned its redevelopment , once the lease expired on the supermarket and tenants had vacated , which was to be earlier this month .
A 2012 planning permit allows a ground level market topped by two apartment towers up to 12 storeys high , with 260 dwellings . The permit , which was due to expire last week , has already been extended twice .
Maribyrnong council 's planning services director Nigel Higgins said an application to extend the permit for Little Saigon 's redevelopment a third time was given on March 30 .
“ An extension of one year was granted as it met the parameters set out in a number of Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal decisions and zoning requirements , ” Mr Higgins said .
Owner Binh Le said the redevelopment will go ahead , but the site 's immediate future is still “ up in the air ” .
A clean-up notice for the site was issued in January after high temperatures combined with rotting vegetables , meat and fish to produce a putrid smell .
Mr Le said the clean-up took place as soon as demolition approval was obtained .
“ We did have the company responsible for all that come out and clean up . ”
Mr Higgins said the extensive cleanup complied with the relevant local laws and environmental health requirements .
“ The site is being monitored by Local Laws on a regular basis to ensure there are no adverse amenity issues or impacts on the community , ” they said .
“ If issues arise , the owners are notified and requested to resolve them . This will continue whilst the site is in a state of demolition . ”
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Bashi v1.6 iOS - Persistent Mail Encoding Vulnerability From : Vulnerability Lab < research ( ) vulnerability-lab com >
Date : Tue , 14 Jun 2016 15:07:20 +0200
Document Title : =============== Bashi v1.6 iOS - Persistent Mail Encoding Vulnerability References ( Source ) : ==================== http : //www.vulnerability-lab.com/get_content.php ? id=1852 Release Date : ============= 2016-05-25 Vulnerability Laboratory ID ( VL-ID ) : ==================================== 1852 Common Vulnerability Scoring System : ==================================== 3.4 Product & Service Introduction : =============================== This is an ios bash4.3 app , you can learn , run , share bash 4.3 script . Code templates , the contents of the new file is copy from contents of the template file . In ( the built-in browser or the txt editor ) , Select the text to run . Abstract Advisory Information : ============================== The vulnerability laboratory core research team discovered an application-side mail encoding web vulnerability in the official Bashi v1.6 iOS mobile application . Vulnerability Disclosure Timeline : ================================== 2016-05-25 : Public Disclosure ( Vulnerability Laboratory ) Discovery Status : ================= Published Affected Product ( s ) : ==================== XiaoWen Huang Product : Bashi - iOS Mobile Application 1.6 Exploitation Technique : ======================= Local Severity Level : =============== Medium Technical Details & Description : ================================ An application-side input validation web vulnerability has been discovered in the official Bashi v1.6 iOS mobile application . The security web vulnerability allows injecting malicious script codes on the application-side of the vulnerable iOS mobile app . The vulnerability is located in the encode mechanism of the ` code console ` input field . Local attackers with restricted or local low privileged application user accounts are able to inject own malicious script codes to the code console input . Thus code can be sent by the share function to the author or random emails . The execution of the malicious script code occurs in the mail body message context on sharing by email . The injection point of the vulnerability is the code console compiler input field . The attack vector of the issue is persistent on the application-side and the request method to inject is a basic device sync . The security risk of the application-side vulnerability is estimated as medium with a cvss ( common vulnerability scoring system ) count of 3.5 . Exploitation of the persistent web vulnerability requires a low privileged ios device account with restricted access and low user interaction . Successful exploitation of the vulnerabilities results in persistent phishing mails , session hijacking , persistent external redirect to malicious sources and application-side manipulation of affected or connected module context . Vulnerable Module ( s ) [ + ] Code Console Vulnerable Input ( s ) : [ + ] Code Template Vulnerable Parameter ( s ) [ + ] code Affected Module ( s ) [ + ] Mail Message Body ( Share Function ) Proof of Concept ( PoC ) : ======================= The application-side validation web vulnerability can be exploited by remote attackers with low privileged iOS device user account and without user interaction . For security demonstration or to reproduce the vulnerability follow the provided information and steps below to continue . Manual steps to reproduce the vulnerability ... 1 . Install the vulnerable iOS app to your Apple device 2 . Start the app 3 . Click the code module to open the compiler 4 . Inject a script code payload to the `` $ Person '' variable in the code-line input field 5 . Now , click above the share button and choose to send by email Note : The payload is getting saved to the mail body message context 6 . The execution occurs directly in the mail body of the email context were the code becomes via echo visible 7 . Successful reproduce of the vulnerability ! PoC : Code Template - Share < p > # Note : The template file will be copied to a new file . When you change the code of the template file you can create new file with & nbsp ; this base code . < br > echo < iframe > What & nbsp ; is & nbsp ; your & nbsp ; name ? ' ; < br > read & nbsp ; PERSON & nbsp ; < br > echo & nbsp ; '' Hello & nbsp ; $ PERSON '' ; < /p > < br > < br > * My favorite app : < A target= '' _blank '' href= '' < a href= '' https : //itunes.apple.com/app/id936560010 ? mt=8 '' > https : //itunes.apple.com/app/id936560010 < /a > '' > bashi < /A > < /iframe > < /p > Solution - Fix & Patch : ======================= The vulnerability can be patched by a secure parse and encode of the vulnerable ` code compiler ` input field . Restrict the input field and disallow usage of special chars . Encode the mail message body context that is getting transfered by the code module input to the email body context . Security Risk : ============== The security risk of the persistent mail encoding web vulnerability in the iOS app is estimated as medium . ( CVSS 3.4 ) Credits & Authors : ================== Vulnerability Laboratory [ Research Team ] - Benjamin Kunz Mejri ( bkm ( ) evolution-sec com ) [ www.vulnerability-lab.com ] Disclaimer & Information : ========================= The information provided in this advisory is provided as it is without any warranty . Vulnerability Lab disclaims all warranties , either expressed or implied , including the warranties of merchantability and capability for a particular purpose . Vulnerability-Lab or its suppliers are not liable in any case of damage , including direct , indirect , incidental , consequential loss of business profits or special damages , even if Vulnerability-Lab or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages . Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages so the foregoing limitation may not apply . We do not approve or encourage anybody to break any licenses , policies , deface websites , hack into databases or trade with stolen data . Domains : www.vulnerability-lab.com - www.vuln-lab.com - www.evolution-sec.com Contact : admin ( ) vulnerability-lab com - research ( ) vulnerability-lab com - admin ( ) evolution-sec com Section : magazine.vulnerability-lab.com - vulnerability-lab.com/contact.php - evolution-sec.com/contact Social : twitter.com/vuln_lab - facebook.com/VulnerabilityLab - youtube.com/user/vulnerability0lab Feeds : vulnerability-lab.com/rss/rss.php - vulnerability-lab.com/rss/rss_upcoming.php - vulnerability-lab.com/rss/rss_news.php Programs : vulnerability-lab.com/submit.php - vulnerability-lab.com/list-of-bug-bounty-programs.php - vulnerability-lab.com/register.php Any modified copy or reproduction , including partially usages , of this file requires authorization from Vulnerability Laboratory . Permission to electronically redistribute this alert in its unmodified form is granted . All other rights , including the use of other media , are reserved by Vulnerability-Lab Research Team or its suppliers . All pictures , texts , advisories , source code , videos and other information on this website is trademark of vulnerability-lab team & the specific authors or managers . To record , list , modify , use or edit our material contact ( admin @ or research ( ) vulnerability-lab com ) to get a ask permission . Copyright © 2016 | Vulnerability Laboratory - [ Evolution Security GmbH ] ™ -- VULNERABILITY LABORATORY - RESEARCH TEAM SERVICE : www.vulnerability-lab.com CONTACT : research ( ) vulnerability-lab com _______________________________________________ Sent through the Full Disclosure mailing list https : //nmap.org/mail carrier/listinfo/fulldisclosure Web Archives & RSS : http : //seclists.org/fulldisclosure/ By Date By Thread Current thread : Bashi v1.6 iOS - Persistent Mail Encoding Vulnerability Vulnerability Lab ( Jun 14 )
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A year after causing controversy by blocking its presenters from wearing red ribbons for World AIDS Day , the BBC still appears to be enforcing the ban .
Graham Norton was last year reprimanded by the BBC for wearing an HIV/AIDS awareness ribbon on their Friday night chat show .
The broadcaster and comedian ignored instructions not to wear the ribbon on their programme on 29 November 2013 to highlight World AIDS Day on 1 December .
Despite the fact that all of their guests on the Graham Norton Show – Jeremy Clarkson , Jo Brand , Colin Farrell and Sharon Osbourne – were allowed to wear the red ribbons – the Irish presenter was told not to .
This year , the star appeared last Friday , 28 November , without the ribbon . This year 's guests Nicole Kidman , Julie Walters and Hugh Bonneville , as well as Take That , all appeared without wearing the ribbon .
BBC entertainment controller Mark Linsey last year confirmed to PinkNews that they had reprimanded Norton and their production company So Television over their actions .
“ World AIDS Day is an issue which Graham cares passionately about and they did wear a World AIDS Day insignia on their programme , ” Linsey told BBC in-house magazine Ariel .
“ However , this is in breach of BBC guidelines . The production company has been contacted and reminded that they can not do this and Graham has accepted they were wrong to do so . The BBC has been assured it will not occur again . ”
The Daily Telegraph reported a BBC source having said : “ The whole thing is totally disgraceful – Graham is a well known supporter of AIDS charities and there is no way in the world they were not going to wear the ribbon .
“ It means so much to them and is very close to their heart and for the BBC to have a go at them is as unbelievable as it is disgusting .
“ His guests were all allowed to wear ribbons – even Jeremy Clarkson – so if Graham did n't wear one , can you imagine how they would feel ? ”
ITV , the BBC 's main commercial rival , has allowed judges and presenters on its main Saturday night fixture , X Factor , to wear HIV/AIDS awareness ribbons to mark World AIDS Day for the past several years .
Last year , the BBC allowed presenters to wear Christmas jumpers as part of Save the Children 's fundraising campaign . It is unclear whether they will be allowed to this year .
Former Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw last year wrote to BBC Director General Lord Hall over the decision to discipline Graham Norton for wearing the ribbon on , and says the corporation is not being consistent with its own guidelines . PinkNews is unaware of any response having been posted to Mr Bradshaw .
The BBC refused to answer questions from PinkNews about inconsistencies in the policy , the only official exception to is the poppy- which presenters are allowed to wear for Remembrance Day . Calls for the BBC to elaborate on this in 2013 were never returned .
HOMICIDE detectives are cross-referencing the movements of four of Australia 's most notorious serial killers with unsolved murders and missing persons cases in the state 's most ambitious and far-reaching cold case review to date .
Australia 's most prolific serial killer , Ivan Milat , is among the quartet convicted of killing 17 people between them but the deaths of dozens more going back nearly four decades are now being re-evaluated by police for possible links .
Detective Chief Inspector John Lehmann from the NSW Unsolved Homicide Squad said a review team was now looking at the files of Milat and other known serial killers Ivan Ashley Coulston , Reginald Arthurell and Bandali Debs .
Other killers known to prey on women will also be looked at as part of the cold case operation , which is believed to be first time police have reviewed known serial killers and all their potential victims at the same time .
media_camera Ivan Milat was convicted of the murders of seven backpackers .
“ First we gather intelligence on the killers looking for things like where they were at a given time period and if there were any unsolved murders or missing persons around then , '' Det-Insp Lehmann said .
“ Everyone knows about Ivan Milat and their crimes but the other three are equally evil . They are in that handful of elite psychopaths who seem to have a compulsion to kill . ''
“ It 's a bit of a departure from the normal way of investigating homicide . Normally you have a victim and then look for a killer . ”
The ambitious project is a part of the normal process the squad undertakes regularly .
“ To us it 's a routine review of unsolved homicides from a different angle , '' said Inspector Lehmann .
“ What is not routine I suppose is the notoriety of those involved . ''
media_camera Ashley ( Captain Bathtub ) Coulston tried to sail a self-made boat across the Tasman before being found guilty of brutal triple shooting in Melbourne . media_camera Reginald Arthurell is currently in Broken Hill jail . Page 15 .
They cite Bandali Debs , 61 , as prime example of a serial killer likely to have murdered more people than the four they have been caught for .
Debs is currently in Goulburn 's Supermax Jail for the murder of Sydney prostitute Donna Hicks in 1995 , the murder of Melbourne drifter Kristy Harty in 1997 and killing two Victorian police officers , Rod Miller and Gary Silks in 1998 . All of their victims were shot .
“ In the ‘ 60s Debs was living in Sydney when they had a dispute with a man walking their dog . They were only a teenager but armed , ” Det-Insp Lehmann said .
“ He shot the dog and fired at the owner a number of times as they ran away . If they are capable of that kind of cold-blooded violence as a teenager it 's a reasonable assumption someone like them is responsible for more . ”
MORE NEWS
VETERAN ENTERTAINER STUART WGSTAFF DEAD AT 90
DANNY WICKS SET FOR NRL RETURN AFTER STINT IN JAIL
WHAT THE BOSTON BOMB SUSPECT WROTE INSIDE BOAT
Ivan Milat has long been suspected of killing more than people than the seven backpackers found in the Belanglo State Forest in the early ‘ 90s .
Coulston has travelled up and down the eastcoast of Australia in the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s before being jailed for the murder of three Melbourne students in 1992 .
They were the prime suspect in a number of rapes in Cronulla when they lived there in 1980 and is known to have lived in far-northern NSW 's Tweed area as well .
Arthurell , 69 , is currently in Broken Hill jail but is eligible for parole in two months after serving 18 years for the murder of Venet Raylee Mulhall in 1995 . They have also been convicted of two other manslaughters .
media_camera Bandali Debs killed two police officers and two women but police believe they have killed more .
The Unsolved Homicide Squad has more than 600 cases on its books going back to 1965 's Wanda Beach Murders , of Marianne Schmidt and Christine Sharrock .
Inspector Lehmann stressed the wideranging investigation was at the preliminary stage and was not prepared to link any of the killers to the names of unsolved murders .
“ The team will look at what we have in ways of linking these murderers to a victim and then hopefully build up enough evidence to form a strike team and eventually charge them . ''
“ Unless we need to get DNA or witnesses statements we avoid telling families of potential victims of the investigation until we believe we have to or are in a position .
“ We do n't want to raise their hopes or bring up those emotions unless we have to . ''
All four are currently in jail , and except for Artherall have little chance of ever getting out .
“ Even though many of the murders are old , sometimes 30 years ago and the killers are locked away it does n't mean we should give up , ” they said .
“ Its about getting justice for the dead and for their families . ''
THE FOUR KILLERS
THE SAILING SLAYER : ASHLEY COULSTON
media_camera Ashley Coulston showed worrying signs of violence in their childhood .
The brutal killings of flatmates Kerryn Henstridge , 22 , Anne Smerdon , 22 , and Peter Dempsey , 27 made Ashley Coulston infamous but , despite violent flare ups throughout their life , they first came to the public attention for more benign reasons .
A keen sailor , in 1988 they designed and built their own craft and tried to sail across the Tasman to New Zealand in Australia 's smallest boat , G'Day 88 .
After 46 days at sea in stormy conditions , they set off the emergency beacon and was rescued by a passing tanker .
RELATED : TAXPAYERS FOOT BILL FOR MASS MURDERER 'S PERK
Before the voyage , those they knew described them as a quiet loner but they enjoyed the attention their adventure afforded him , according to the Herald Sun .
But there were several red flags in Coulston 's childhood that hinted at the depraved slaying that would follow .
They struggled to read and write at school in the north of Victoria and only found friendship with younger children — but it was their temper that concerned former teacher Tony Shelper .
“ He could n't cope and out of sheer frustration they would be ready to kill , ” Shelper said . “ It was n't rare for them to rip their shirt off in the classroom and have the buttons fly off . He 'd smash rulers and pencils . ”
media_camera Police asses the scene of the triple murder in Burwood , VIC .
media_camera As was Kerryn Henstridge , 22. media_camera Peter Dempsey was one of those killed by Coulston
More worryingly , at the age of 14 they broke in to the home of two female schoolteachers and forced them to drive across the border to NSW at gunpoint before a truckie came to the women 's rescue .
Coulston lived in Sydney for most of the 80s before moving back to Melbourne in 1989 .
Three years later the three flatmates advertised for a fourth flatmate . Coulson answered the ad and bound the three with cable ties before executing each of them with a single shot to the back of the head .
They have been jailed for life with no hope of release .
media_camera The cable ties used by Coulston .
THE SUBURBAN COP KILLER : BENDALI DEBS
media_camera Bandali Debs murdered two police officers in a Chinese restaurant .
To the outside world , they seemed a pillar of the community , a helpful handyman living in suburban Melbourne .
But behind the facade , Bandali Michael Debs — known to everyone as Ben but born Edmund Plancis — was a sociopath with a long criminal history .
RELATED : POLICE KILLER FOUND GUILTY OF FOURTH MURDER
As well as a series of violent infringements in the mid-90s , police believe Debs committed a series of armed robberies with their nephew between 1991 and 1994 .
During these robberies , most of which occurred in restaurant , police believe they pistol-whipped a woman , shot a man and fired at two officers but missed , in a grim warning of what was to follow .
media_camera ..... Along with Sergeant Gary Silk . media_camera Senior Constable Rodney Miller was shot dead by Debs
In 2003 , they were convicted of the cold-blooded murder of Sgt Gary Silk and Sen-Constable Rod Miller at Moorabbin , Victoria in 1998 . Police then matched a DNA sample from the unsolved murder of drifter Kristy Hardy , with Debs convicted of their murder .
The officers were attempting to intercept Debs and criminal partner Jason Roberts in a Chinese restaurant when Debs gunned them both down .
WEB SPECIALS
STRATHFIELD MASSACRE : HOW WADE FRANKUM KILLED SEVEN PEOPLE
IDIOTIC BEHAVIOUR AROUND SYDNEY TRAINS CAUGHT ON CCTV
BEHIND THE SCENES OF OUR AUSSIE YOUTUBE STARS
THE DARK PAST OUR SYDNEY 'S ABANDONED ASYLUMS
TRAPPED IN Their OWN BODY FOR 25 YEARS
They were later convicted of killing prostitute Donna Hicks in the NSW Supreme Court in 2011 when Police Association secretary Greg Davies described Deb as the “ personification of evil . ”
A newspaper report in 2003 saw Debs ' brother claim the pair were tortured as children including being whipped with copper wire .
The story of their slaying of the officers formed the basis for Underbelly Files : Tell Them Lucifer Was Here , broadcast on Channel 9 in 2011 .
media_camera And also of murdering Kristy Mary Harty . media_camera Debs was found guilty of killing Donna Hicks .
THE BACKPACKER MURDERER : IVAN MILAT
media_camera Ivan Milat is the country 's most prolific serial killer .
Born in Guildford , NSW in 1944 to a large extended family with their roots in Eastern Europe , Ivan Milat was one of 14 children .
From the age of about 17 they began to become known to police through various illegal activities including vehicle thefts and armed robberies .
In 1971 they were accused of raping two female hitchhikers but was acquitted .
It was n't until 1996 , 25 years later , that they were found guilty of the murders of seven backpackers — Caroline Clarke , Joanne Walters , Simone Schmidl , Anja Habschied , Gabor Neugebauer , James Gibson and Deborah Everist — after a 15 week trial .
media_camera The body of British backpacker Joanne Walters was found in Belanglo Forest . media_camera German backpacker Simone Schmidl Belanglo was among Milat 's victims
The bodies were found over the course of a year in various state of decay in the Belanglo State Forest .
Key to the conviction was British backpacker Paul Onions who Milat threatened with a revolver in 1990 . Onions managed to escape , returning to Australia to help with the investigation years later .
RELATED : SERIAL KILLED MILAT LINKED TO NEWCASTLE DISAPPEARANCES
Many of the facts around Milat 's early family life are unclear but relatives have played a big part in their story .
Firstly , during their trial , Milat 's defence team tried to pin the blame on other family members , particularly their brother , Richard .
Then , in 2010 , their great-nephew Matthew Milat and their friend Cohen Klein brutally murdered David Auchterlonie on their 17th birthday with an axe in the same forest , with Klein filming the horrifying attack . They were sentenced to 43 and 32 years in prison respectively in 2012 .
media_camera Ivan 's great-nephew Matthew Milat performed a copycat killing in 2010 .
TEX THE COWBOY : REGINALD KENNETH ARTHURELL
media_camera Reginald Arthurell with Venet Raylee Mulhall who they met in prison , got engaged to and then bludgeoned to death in their home at Coonabarabran in State 's northwest . Picture : Marc Vignes .
A man of many identities Reginald Kenneth Arthurell was a drifter with the ability to adjust to a variety of situations without standing out — despite their 2m frame .
They were known as Robert when working as a hotel chef and called themselves Tex at outback rodeos , wearing a cowboy hat despite never having ridden a horse .
Arthurell drifted from town to town before becoming the prime suspect in the murder of 82-year-old Catherine Page in their hometown of Coonamble in central west NSW in 1971 .
RELATED : THE COWBOY CALLED TEX — DARK SECRETS OF A DEADLY KILLER
The town was devastated by floods and Arthurell , then 25 , was stranded there .
They already had a number of convictions , including one for possessing an unlicensed pistol . They also once tricked police by dressing as a woman to evade capture . The case is unsolved .
Three years later , while visiting their mother in Sydney , they met their ex-step-father Thomas Thornton . The pair ended up back at Thornton 's Guildford home where the older man was found stabbed to death .
In 1981 they were charged with the murder of sailor Ross Browning , 19 , in the Northern Territory in a town called Three Ways near the junction of the Barkly and Stuart Highways .
The sailor had given them and another man a lift in their brown Holden station wagon with a green box trailer on the back .
They threw various items of property out of the vehicle as they left the territory and drove into Queensland .
Arthurel pleaded guilty to manslaughter , meaning the murder charge was dropped .
They served six years of a 12 year sentence in Darwin before being released . NSW detectives extradited them to Sydney where they pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of their stepfather , arguing that they were provoked .
They were then released again , this time on parole , but was ordered to live with Christian prison visitor , Venet Raylee Mulhall , 54 , who had started writing to them while they were in jail in Darwin .
The couple were briefly engaged before Mulhall was found bashed to death at their home , after they refused to give Arthurell their car . They were convicted of murder and sentenced to 24 years , with a minimum of 18 to be served
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( Reuters ) - Thousands of people lined up at San Juan harbor on Thursday to board a cruise ship that will take them from Puerto Rico to the U.S. mainland in one of the largest evacuations since Hurricane Maria slammed Puerto Rico more than a week ago .
People line up to board a Royal Caribbean cruise ship that will take them to the U.S. mainland , in San Juan , Puerto Rico September 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alvin Baez
Maria , which came ashore as the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly 90 years , has created a humanitarian crisis . The powerful storm knocked out the nation 's electric grid and has crippled communications networks , transport and the water supply for the territory 's 3.4 million people .
The devastation is likely to feed an exodus that has driven tens of thousands of Puerto Ricans from the economically struggling island in recent years in search of opportunity on the mainland .
“ I 'm sorry to be leaving Puerto Rico , but I have to . I prefer home , but it 's impossible with these conditions , ” said Ada Reyes , 85 . They were in a wheelchair and traveling on the Royal Caribbean cruise ship bound for Florida with their granddaughter , Maria Fernanda , 19 .
Fernanda planned to drop their grandmother in Florida , then head to Boston to look into colleges . A second-year student at the University of Puerto Rico , the teenager did not know when classes there would resume .
Royal Caribbean International ( RCL.N ) said its Adventure of the Seas cruise ship will carry 3,800 passengers from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A company spokesperson said the cruise line is providing the passages free of charge and that travelers were registered with the help of local officials .
The ship will make humanitarian calls in the hurricane-hit U.S. Virgin Islands , where it will drop off supplies . It will then head to Fort Lauderdale , Florida , with a planned arrival of October 3 .
The cruise line said it will work with airlines to make travel arrangements for passengers looking to meet up with friends and family on the mainland .
“ This is a humanitarian mission on behalf of Royal Caribbean , ” company spokesperson Owen Torres said .
At San Juan 's main airport , flights are slowly returning . Major carriers including Southwest ( LUV.N ) and JetBlue ( JBLU.O ) are still operating at reduced schedules as the airport works to restore power and return to full staffing levels .
JetBlue typically has about 40 flights a day to Puerto Rico but on Thursday it had only seven , which it said was still more than any other airline flying to the U.S. territory .
ONE WAY OR ROUND TRIP ?
People have waited for days for a flight out , with some Puerto Ricans wondering if they will stay once they reach the U.S. mainland .
Lilliana Pastor , 34 , of San Juan , decided on Tuesday to buy a one-way ticket to Florida for them and their 7-year-old daughter , Leah Aguayo .
“ Right now we do n't know about the electricity . We do n't have running water , ” Pastor said . “ I 'd rather go to Miami where we have family and see what happens . ”
As U.S. citizens , Puerto Ricans can easily move to the United States . Migration to the mainland has soared in recent years , fueled by Puerto Ricans ' desire for economic stability , jobs , schools and access to medical care .
Between April 2010 and July 2016 , the population of Puerto Rico dropped by 8.4 percent , the U.S. Census said , the largest percentage drop of any U.S. state or territory .
Nearly one-third of those born in Puerto Rico now live on the U.S. mainland , economists wrote in a research report published on a blog site run by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
The migrants are mostly younger workers , tilted toward the lower end of the skills and earnings spectrum . The loss of these taxpayers is a blow to the island 's already reeling economy , the economists wrote in an August 2016 post for Liberty Street Economics .
Puerto Rico , which earlier this year filed the biggest bankruptcy in U.S. municipal history , is struggling to regain economic stability in the face of a $ 72 billion debt load and near-insolvent public health and pension systems .
ECONOMIC DETERIORATION
The out-migration has accelerated the aging of Puerto Rico 's remaining population , further straining government services , the economists said .
“ If people continue to leave the island at the pace that has been set in recent years , the economic potential of Puerto Rico will only continue to deteriorate , ” their research said .
Slideshow ( 5 Images )
Back at San Juan 's port , Lara Brown , 42 , who runs a child care center , was fighting back tears . They were sending their son , 14 , and daughter , 12 , to Miami to live with their sister-in-law , where they say life for them will be easier .
“ They have no electricity . Sometimes they have water , sometimes they do n't , ” Brown said . “ I 'm afraid to leave them at home alone . ”
Brown started to cry .
54 % of British girls are embarrassed about discussing periods
From a global scale , to within households , from the middle to working-class , menstruation to this day is shrouded in silence and stigma .
Many South Asian women have been brought up with little understanding of what periods are , and the monthly sight of blood is met with shame and embarrassment .
Yet change is on the horizon .
DESIblitz explores why menstruation is such a taboo in South Asian society and what is being done to challenge old-age attitudes .
History of Menstrual Taboo
Historically speaking , it seems sociocultural evolution has favoured a patriarchal perspective in shaping the world .
With women portrayed as the deviating gender from ‘ normal ' , cultural taboos were established and became deep-rooted .
From ancient philosophers suggesting that menstruation was associated with reproductive failure ; through to 16th century Europeans , classifying it as an evil poison , giving rise to hysteria .
Medical reports from the 1800 's documented that menstruating women should stay at home . This belief continued into the early 20th century where education was said to disrupt a woman 's menstrual cycle and thus their reproductive capabilities .
Yet references in ancient scriptures such as keeping women away from food preparation may have stemmed from lifestyle factors .
The lack of hygiene products in the early ages meant perhaps there was a logic behind certain practices . However , with science advancing so late , such old wives ' tales have stuck , even to this day .
Society
Fast-forwarding a few millennia , menstrual equality is still a relevant topic and the stigma remains .
For many British Asians , the topic will not be discussed in households ; whether it is a mother to their daughter or an embarrassed wife hiding sanitary products from their husband .
It seems hypocritical that many men will gladly watch gory movies yet be disgusted by menstruation .
For many girls , they will find out about the matter from friends , at school or an older sister rather than their mother and therefore may be reluctant to discuss this phase of their development .
Recent research published by ActionAid , a campaign group working with impoverished people to fight injustice and inequality , found 54 percent of British girls and women between 16 and 24 are embarrassed about discussing periods . A surprisingly high figure for a natural biological process .
Media Portrayal
It seems media may also be propagating the taboo .
Adverts using terms such as the use of ‘ discrete ' products or speaking in a whispering tone , imply that the matter should be kept hush .
Television adverts have always refrained from using realistic images that may offend viewers , demonstrating periods clinically , with blue flowing liquid .
In films , menstruation is often referenced in humour or in mocking terms , which only serves to reinforce stereotypes .
Call for Change
Economically speaking , the matter of the five percent tax on sanitary products has come into question , as to how they can be deemed a ‘ luxury item ' as opposed to a necessity .
It seems there is a movement towards change .
Political leaders including David Cameron and Barack Obama have spoken out about the matter and Facebook is even considering developing an ‘ on my period ' button to break the taboo .
In Western popular culture , its seems Asian feminists are also making a stand against these menstrual taboos .
Musician and Harvard graduate , Kiran Gandhi for example , ran the 2015 London Marathon , free-flowing whilst on their period , without a tampon and crossing the finish line with stained trousers .
Them positive body attitude should be commended as they aimed to raise awareness for others : “ Who do n't have access to tampons and despite cramping and pain , hide it away like it does n't exist . ”
Rupi Kaur , an artist had also been aiming to challenge menstruation taboos in their development of a menstruation-themed photo series , yet worldwide the response has been mixed .
Instagram had censored the photo showing themselves with stained pyjamas and bed sheets , yet their response was remarkable , explaining :
“ How in the world could Instagram remove an image that does n't actually violate anything , but at the same time host images that are so sexually violent ? ”
They hold the opinion that :
“ It 's men that need to see it the most . Because it is the misogyny that we need to address , rather than the feminism . ”
Developing World
In discussing the taboo amongst British Asians , it is important to consider from where this derives .
Poverty and ignorance in India have meant that 70 percent of women resort to using old rags , thus increasing the risk of reproductive diseases . This is in part due to the shame and stigma attached to menstruation .
In rural India , up to 25 percent of girls will drop out of school due to inadequate facilities . According to UNICEF , 50 percent of these girls will face the emotional trauma of not understanding what is happening to them .
It seems the taboo surrounding menstruation it is both a third world and first world problem .
Indian rural mentality to some extent still exists amongst British/Western Asians , with attitudes often deep rooted in superstition .
Astounding statistics from UNICEF and WHO , that at least 500 million girls and women globally lack adequate facilities for managing their periods , should be a wake-up call .
Menstruation is an entirely healthy process and should not be a traumatic event ; it is certainly not a handicap .
Therefore unless women and men seek to break the stigma , it will still remain a taboo and continue to affect people 's way of life ; be it practically or emotionally .
New statistics show that violent incidents have increased outside of Sydney 's nightclubs since the implementation of the NSW Government 's controversial lockout laws , reports The Daily Telegraph .
The latest Bureau of Crime Statistics for the first quarter of this year show there were six alcohol-fuelled assaults in Kings Cross in March , but a month after the lockout laws came into effect there were 45 assaults ( 20 alcohol-related ) outside licensed premises in Kings Cross . Within the entire Sydney council area , which includes King Cross , there was a 30 per cent increase in attacks outside licensed venues with 248 attacks , 116 alcohol-related .
The bureau said assaults inside licensed premises had fallen 5.6 per cent in the past two years to 15.1 per cent in Sydney and 30.5 per cent in Kings Cross .
“ We have continuing falls on licensed premises , but the drop in outside-of-premise assaults seems to have stalled , ” Don Weatherburn , director of the Bureau of Crime Statistics , said . “ But it 's too soon to tell . One month is n't enough , the numbers jump around a little bit . ”
According to an analysis of ambulance service figures , the controversial laws have also caused a spike in pedestrians being hit by cars , causing pedestrians to rush across roads to get into licensed venues in the city entertainment district before the 1.30am lockout begins , then all clubbers scattering at the same time after last drinks at 3am .
“ People are all coming out at once instead of being dispersed over several hours , ” said Pedestrian Council of Australia chairperson Harold Scruby . “ Often when they come out en masse they are behaving stupidly and showing off . ”
[ Via The Daily Telegraph . ]
Listen to Pulse Radio
A provincially supplied weatherproof tent will let the Moss Park safe-injection site stay open in cold weather after all . Volunteers , who in the summer opened the unsanctioned site as an emergency reaction to the deadly overdose crisis , had said Sunday they could n't use the tent provided by Ontario 's Emergency Medical Assistance Team .
Emergency Medical Assistance Team leader Steve Urszenyi directs the placement of an all-season tent in Moss Park Nov. 2 , 2017 . The tent is a more permanent structure than the ones previously used at the safe-injection site . ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star )
That 's because some people heat their drugs with a lighter before injecting them . EMAT officials were strongly discouraging open flames in the tent for safety reasons . But Monday discussions involving the harm-reduction professionals who have staffed the safe-injection tent , provincial officials and Toronto fire officials , produced a safety plan that allows for open flame under prescribed conditions . They include any flame remaining a safe distance from oxygen used to treat people who overdose ; lighters being the Bic-type where the flame does n't remain indefinitely ; and that as little combustible material be kept in the tent as possible .
Article Continued Below
“ We will be using the EMAT tent for the first time today , ” Leigh Chapman , a harm reduction worker who lost their brother Brad to a suspected fentanyl overdose , said in an interview Tuesday afternoon . Temperatures are expected to plunge below freezing Friday , which would have made the thin summer tent unusable . “ We 're grateful on an interim solution but we 're still not being consulted on these plans being made around us , ” Chapman said , adding the volunteers , known as the Toronto Overdose Prevention Society , think the best winter solution , until they get Health Canada approval to move permanently into the Fred Victor Mission , likely in early 2018 , is a trailer with a lockable door rather than a tent . Councillor Joe Cressy , chair of the city 's drug-prevention agency , lauded provincial officials for responding quickly to the flame concerns . Toronto fire officials say the new tent is actually safer than the old one because it has fire-retardant material , they added . Shortly after the Moss Park site opened in August , hosting the first of more than 2,000 injections and the reversal of at least 85 overdoses , the city opened a Health Canada-sanctioned safe-injection site at The Works needle exchange at Victoria and Dundas Sts . The Works have hosted more than 800 injections and intervened to prevent 10 overdoses , according to Toronto public health . The city is expanding the number of injection spaces and hiring more staff to expand in December .
Two other sites — one at Queen West Central Toronto Community Health Centre on Bathurst St. , and South Riverdale Community Health Centre near Carlaw Ave. — are expected to open this month , bringing Toronto 's total to four safe-injection sites . All are stocked with naloxone , an overdose antidote for opioids including fentanyl . Toronto Public Health has distributed more than 1,700 naloxone kits since January — pharmacies also hand them out — and has trained more than 1,200 city staff and others on how to use the kits to save lives .
Article Continued Below
The action to reduce overdose deaths comes too late for many people , advocates say , but still represents a sea change from even a year ago . Then , politicians wondered whether supervised use of illegal drugs , pioneered in Vancouver , would be politically feasible in Toronto . In September , Ottawa reported that almost 3,000 Canadians died from opioid-related causes in 2016 , a grim tally that will be surpassed this year . Cressy predicts four safe-injection sites will , unfortunately , not be enough for the country 's biggest city . “ Based on the patterns of drug use we 're seeing now , I think it 's safe to say we will need another three to five across this city , ” they said .
Update – April 6th , 2017
A few hours ago the ESL Guild Wars 2 Twitter account posted a clarification regarding this news that confirms that Guild Wars 2 eSports is not being shut down entirely , it is only the ESL Play activities that are going away at this time .
Due to misunderstandings : We are only talking about our # ESLPlay activities , which will end after today 's cup . https : //t.co/tmaEbQmGUJ — ESL Guild Wars 2 ( @ ESLGW2 ) April 6 , 2017
This does not exclude us to do any GW2 activities in the future as we had a great time with the game and the community in the past years . — ESL Guild Wars 2 ( @ ESLGW2 ) April 6 , 2017
Original Story
An official news post from ESL has stated that the Guild Wars 2 section of its eSports competition website will be shut down next week . Currently , there is still one more tournament pending for any players still looking for one last taste of GW2 ESL action .
It seems that ESL is removing Guild Wars 2 from its eSports roster , and although there was no official reason given , it 's likely due to a lack of participation . Throughout the last year , there have only been a handful of players and teams participating in Guild Wars 2 tournaments through ESL .
Many tournaments were simply cancelled due to not meeting the minimum requirements , and most that did take place had less than 5 teams ( or 20 players for 1v1 tournaments ) participating . Furthermore , there has n't been a North American tournament since the Christmas Cup on December 21 , 2016 , which only included 3 players .
There are a number of possibilities as to why the numbers for GW2 ESL have been dwindling , such as more casual players focusing on in-game seasons , competitive teams hosting their own scrimmages , or the overall player base and drive for semi-competitive PvP dropping .
For those players still looking to participate , there is one more tournament scheduled this week . The final tournament will be a 1vs1 challenge , which will take place on April 6 at 20:00 CEST .
Our Thoughts
MMORPGs in general have had a difficult time gaining traction in North American eSports , which has been dominated by MOBAs and first-person shooters . It 's unfortunate to see Guild Wars 2 get dropped from ESL , but judging by the number of recent participants , there wo n't be many players upset .
Related Articles
ArenaNet and WeLoveFine Partner for Guild Wars 2 Merch
Guild Wars 2 Balance Patch Tweaks All the Classes
Guild Wars 2 Confirms the Super Adventure Festival
Source : ESL
Related : ArenaNet
by Jonell Galloway
A Brief History of Confit and Food Preservation in France
Une ingénuité confite de vieille fille . / The preserved naivity of a spinster.–Colette , La Naissance du Jour / Break of Day
I like my man to be a bit confit . Confit is my favorite French word . It can mean many things , but the meaning always implies intensity to the point of being almost sweet , and sometimes sickly sweet .
The word comes from the Latin , conficiere , meaning “ to do ” or “ to make , ” and is the root of other familiar words like confiture and confection , ” says Kate McDonough . “ It can equally describe flavoring and preserving foods in other substances , as fruit in sugar , olives in oil , pickles in vinegar , or capers in salt . ”
In the food world , there are two main meanings , although the term basically means “ preserved ; ” there are , of course , many ways of preserving food . The first refers to something candied or crystallized , such as the fruits confits so popular in France , especially at Christmas and during other holiday periods . The second refers to a savory food either cooked in its own juices or preserved .
The French confit we know best is canard confit , or duck confit , which is traditionally cooked in a copper pot over a fire for up to 24 hours so that its fat oozes out and envelops it . It is then stored in its own fat and conserved in a jar for up to a year .
Pickles and salted capers also count as confits . Another common one is tomates confites , or confit tomatoes , which are slow-cooked like duck in a low-temperature oven until they become almost sweet like candy . Intense , yes .
Fruits Confits
The commune of Apt in Provence is the fruits confits capital of France , but the method was first used in the Middle East , where candied roses and citrus fruit were served on all ceremonial tables . When the Arabs ruled southern Europe , they taught these methods of preservation to Europeans . The Romans also used a similar method using honey instead of sugar .
Like all confit processes , candying fruit is time-consuming , making it expensive . The fruit is brought to a boil and cooled in sugar syrup several times over a period of three months , the method varying according to the fruit , and is , therefore , a labor-intensive process.In Provence , candied fruit is part of the traditional
In Provence , candied fruit is part of the traditional thirteen desserts of Christmas . Marrons confits or candied chestnuts have become a luxury and are one of the most cherished gifts you can offer the French at Christmas .
Savory Confits
The second type of confit is savory , and includes duck confit , or pickled vegetables , such as cornichons . Traditionally , these were kept in earthenware jars and the liquid fat , vinegar or oil covered the ingredient entirely , thus preserving it . In Gascony , the heart of confit country , they even preserve garlic , simmering it slowly in duck fat . “ Sun-dried ” tomatoes are also confites . They are sun-dried or oven-dried ( see above ) then dipped in boiling vinegar and preserved in olive oil .
Preservation in vinegar is an ancient method and certainly not specific to France . The Indians and Mesopotamians were using it at least 4,500 years ago , and Cleopatra thought pickles enhanced their beauty . Both Roman soldiers and Napoleon 's troops took pickles in their food rations , and cornichons in glass jars were marketed as early as the 1820s in France .
Good King Henri hailed from Gascony , and when they were king of France , they suffered from homesickness for duck confit , a dish they did n't make in Paris . To ease their suffering , they ordered whole barrels of it to be sent from home .
There is much discussion in France about whether salade confite is good or not . I like mine like that , when the salad from last night 's dinner has macerated in the oil and vinegar , wilting it and giving it an intense flavor .
All these methods of preservation reduce the water content of the food being preserved , thus giving it a more intense , almost sweet , flavor . Do n't give me candied fruit for Valentine 's . I do n't like my man to be sugary sweet either , but I never tire of the douce intensity of savory confit duck and tomatoes .
And if you want to utter some billet doux in my ears , feel free to tell me that I 'm confite de dévotion , or “ highly devoted , ” but please do n't say I 'm un peu confite , or sickly sweet , or have a mine confite , meaning an affected manner lacking in all spontaneity .
In preparing to film “ Southside With You , ” which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival earlier this week , Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter had some impressive shoes to fill . In the film , they play Barack and Michelle Obama ( née Robinson ) as they were in 1989 : he , a Harvard Law summer associate at a prestigious Chicago firm , and she , an ambitious young lawyer and their adviser . Telling the story of their first date , it 's the first major depiction of the Obamas in a feature film , and Sawyers and Sumpter portray the future first couple with such sweetness and magnetism that you 'd be forgiven for thinking them an item offscreen . But it did n't come without baggage . “ I was worried that the CIA would come shut us down ! ” Sumpter says , laughing . “ It is the leader of the free world , after all . ”
The actor , who also serves as a producer on the film , was on board with the project from the beginning , but Sawyers may never have gotten the part it were n't for a technical glitch . When the 32-year-old actor , who was born and raised in Indianapolis but lives in London , sent in their first audition tape , they were doing a pitch-perfect impersonation of the president at 54 , rather than at 28 . After they did n't hear back , they readied a second tape — which never made it to the film 's director , Richard Tanne . “ My wife and I did the tape , edited it , and were trying to upload it to Vimeo , but it was going super slow , ” they say . “ It was like 36 percent loaded , and it was late in London , so all I could think was , ‘ God , I 'm going to be up another couple hours . ' ” Just as the tape was about to send , Sawyers received an email from their manager with notes from Tanne telling them to strip back their performance . They adjusted accordingly , and was soon awarded the part , their first lead role in a film . “ Thank God for slow Wi-Fi , ” they say .
For Sumpter , 35 , whose past credits include the CW teen series “ Gossip Girl ” and the 2014 action comedy “ Ride Along , ” playing the First Lady was always about “ embodying their essence ” rather than straight imitation . They employed a dialect coach to nail their speech patterns and picked up clues about their life as a young woman from the memoir “ A Game of Character , ” written by Michelle 's brother , Craig Robinson . Both Sumpter and Sawyers listened to recordings of the Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Gwendolyn Brooks and read Ralph Ellison 's “ Invisible Man , ” trying to put themselves in the context of the young couple when they first fell in love . Sawyers even smoked Obama 's preferred Marlboro cigarettes — which can be seen throughout the film — and scoured YouTube for clips of the president during candid moments . “ There 's a video from the 2014 midterm election when he 's voting and some guy goes , ‘ Do n't touch my girlfriend , ' and they say , ‘ I really was n't planning on it . ' They could ignore the guy , but they made a joke instead . And he 's the president ! ”
“ Southside With You ” won fans at its premiere , but it has yet to reach its most famous audience : the Obamas . During a Q & A after the screening , Tanne said the president and first lady are aware of the film , if “ a little baffled by its existence. ” For their part , the actors are cautiously optimistic about the couple seeing their work . “ I 'd probably just stare at them and wait for them to speak , ” says Sawyers . “ I 'd honestly be honored for them to see anything I 've done , let alone me playing him. ” As for the question of whether they think the film can reach both sides of the political divide , Sawyers is more confident . “ If people on the right do want to see it , I 'm pretty sure they 'll walk away delighted , ” they say . “ It 's the answer to the age-old question at any dinner party : How did you meet ? What was your first date like ? ” Adds Sumpter , “ Who does n't relate to love ? ”
SA Government abandons controversial $ 370m bank tax ahead of March election
Updated
The South Australian Government has dumped its controversial levy on the five major banks , declaring it will not pursue the budget measure and will not take it to the March election .
Premier Jay Weatherill made the declaration minutes before the state 's Legislative Council was due to vote and reject the budget measure for a second time .
The Liberal Party , Australian Conservatives and Advance SA MP John Darley had all committed to blocking the tax , which had also divided public opinion .
Mr Weatherill said the levy , which was announced in this year 's state budget and would have raised $ 370 million over the next four years , faced no real prospect of success in this parliament or the next , with Nick Xenophon 's SA Best Party also opposed to the measure .
`` The bank tax is dead , '' Mr Weatherill said .
`` We 've taken the fight up to the big banks but with Steven Marshall taking the side of the banks over the people of South Australia this has no chance of getting up .
`` While Steven Marshall and Nick Xenophon side with large corporate interests , I will always stand up for South Australian small business . ''
Decision blows huge budget hole
The decision to ditch the tax , which mirrored the Federal Government 's levy on the major banks , leaves the state budget with a $ 370 million hole over the next few years .
The Government had previously linked a series of job creation measures contained in the budget to the revenue from the banking levy .
Mr Weatherill said the Government would now revise its Budget Measures Bill and would continue to make job creation a priority .
`` We will have to re-craft our budget to take account of the fact that the bank levy is destined to be blocked , '' they said .
A spokesperson for the Premier said the Government would seek to clarify in the next fortnight whether it would continue to pursue other measures contained in the blocked budget bill .
They include payroll tax cuts , stamp duty concessions and a new tax on foreign buyers of residential property .
There is just one scheduled sitting week , plus another optional sitting week , for Parliament to consider and vote on an amended bill .
Further decisions on how the Government will deal with the failure of the tax are expected in the mid-year budget review , due for release in December .
The Premier said the Legislative Council 's decision to block the bill set `` a new precedent '' for the way budget bills would be dealt with .
Business welcomes backdown , Opposition hails 'great victory '
The bank tax was met by a chorus of opposition from business groups and the banking industry , which funded polling and advertising campaigns against the levy .
Property Council executive director Daniel Gannon said the backdown was a win for South Australia 's investment attractiveness .
`` Business owners , job creators , risk takers , mum and dad investors , and everyday South Australians have made it clear in recent months that they do n't support punitive taxes that will dampen our state 's economy , '' they said .
BankSA and the Australian Bankers ' Association have also welcomed the South Australian Government 's decision .
`` Today is a real victory for the people of South Australia and in particular for those who operate businesses , '' the association 's chief executive Anna Bligh said .
`` The decision will provide them with a greater level of confidence and certainty which is vital for business . ''
The Government rejected an accusation by Opposition Leader Steven Marshall that it had used the announcement of the same-sex marriage survey result as cover for a major political backdown .
Treasurer Tom Koutsantonis said the Government still believed the bank tax was `` the right thing to do '' , regretfully stating `` we tried '' .
The Government 's decision not to take the bank tax to the election marks a different approach to four years ago , when Mr Weatherill pursued the introduction of a levy on Adelaide CBD parking spaces in the face of parliamentary opposition .
Mr Marshall hailed the reversal in policy as a major win for the state .
`` We have had a great victory on behalf of the people of South Australia , '' they said .
`` Tom Koutsantonis today has lost . They need to provide those [ other tax ] concessions , they need to get on with it .
`` There is no doubt , this has been a humiliating day for Jay Weatherill and Tom Koutsantonis but a great day for the people of South Australia . ''
Topics : states-and-territories , tax , banking , budget , sa , adelaide-5000
First posted
President Obama claimed that all of the currently uninsured would be able to get coverage on the exchanges “ at a significantly cheaper rate than what they can get right now on the individual market ” even without federal tax credits . But even Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has said that younger Americans would likely pay more on the exchanges , while those who are older would likely pay less .
We 've criticized conservatives for making sweeping claims about higher premiums under the health care law , and Obama 's blanket statement claiming lower premiums falls in the same category of political exaggeration .
Obama made the broad statement at a White House press conference on Aug. 9 . They were asked about an important date in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act : Oct. 1 , when the exchanges will begin accepting applications for insurance plans .
Obama , Aug. 9 : Now , what happens on October 1st , in 53 days , is for the remaining 15 percent of the population that does n't have health insurance , they 're going to be able to go on a website or call up a call center and sign up for affordable quality health insurance at a significantly cheaper rate than what they can get right now on the individual market . And if even with lower premiums they still ca n't afford it , we 're going to be able to provide them with a tax credit to help them buy it .
Experts have long estimated some shifting of premium costs as the individual market morphs into the more tightly regulated exchanges . The health care law requires a minimum standard of benefits , making some plans more generous in general and , therefore , more expensive . Those with medical conditions may find more affordable plans , since insurers will have to accept all customers and wo n't be able to charge more based on health status . Older Americans , too , may get a rate break , since the law requires insurance companies to charge its oldest customer no more than three times what it charges its youngest customer for the same coverage . But the young and healthy wo n't benefit from those requirements .
Economist Jonathan Gruber of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology told us , “ The president is right for the average uninsured person , but not for all uninsured people . ”
Covering the Uninsured
The CBO estimates that there will be 25 million fewer uninsured in 2023 because of the law , with 31 million still being uninsured . Most of them will gain coverage through Medicaid and the exchanges .
According to the most recent figures , 16 percent of Americans are uninsured , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . That 's 48.6 million people . The KFF found in a separate analysis of Census Bureau data that more than half — 51.2 percent — of the uninsured earned up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level , which is the threshold for the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act ( see Table 10 ) . Not all states will adopt the Medicaid expansion — as of July 1 , 21 states were not moving forward with the expansion — but that 's still a healthy chunk of the uninsured who would qualify .
For the uninsured who get coverage through the exchanges , some likely will see premiums that are lower than what they had been offered , or could have been offered , on the individual market before the law . Some have health conditions that may have precluded them from getting health insurance altogether — or they 've been quoted sky-high premiums they either could n't afford or did n't want to pay . The KFF report said 11 percent of the uninsured reported they had “ fair/poor ” health status in 2011 . They may well benefit from the law , which requires insurance companies to take all customers , regardless of preexisting conditions , and prohibits companies from charging more based on health status .
The law also limits how many insurers can vary premiums based on age to a 3-to-1 ratio . In other words , older folks ca n't be charged more than three times the rate for younger policyholders . Insurers can vary premiums based on geography , family size and tobacco use ( but only by a 1.5-to-1 ratio ) , and they ca n't charge women more than men .
What could be good news for those with a medical issue is n't so great for healthy folks . Most of the uninsured — 60 percent — have “ excellent/very good ” health , according to the KFF report . The Affordable Care Act not only levels the playing field for the healthy and the less so , but it also requires a minimum set of benefits , making plans more generous but probably more expensive .
HHS Secretary Sebelius said as much in March , telling reporters that they expected “ shifting ” in the individual insurance market .
“ Women are going to see some lower costs , some men are going to see some higher costs , ” Sebelius was quoted by Reuters as saying . “ Some of the older customers may see a slight decline , and some of the younger ones are going to see a slight increase . ”
The boost in benefits on the individual market has long been expected to increase costs . Even before the law was passed , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that increased benefits would be the reason individual market premiums would go up by 10 percent to 13 percent net , before accounting for federal subsidies . Part of the increase , the CBO said , would be due to those receiving subsidies buying more expensive insurance than they normally would .
Sebelius told reporters in March : “ These folks will be moving into a really fully insured product for the first time , so there may be a higher cost associated with getting into that market . ”
More generous benefits could mean lower total out-of-pocket costs . But again , some , who use the expanded benefits , would save money and others would n't .
Princeton economist Uwe E. Reinhardt explained the trade-off in moving from a medically underwritten system to community rating , which limits premium variation for health status and age , in a July New York Times column . While some may experience what 's been termed “ premium shock , ” they said , others will experience what Reinhardt called “ premium joy . ”
Reinhardt wrote : “ Younger and healthier members of the pool should realize that , in effect , they are buying a call option that allows them to buy coverage at a premium far below the high actuarial cost of covering them when they are sicker . The price charged the healthy for this call option is the difference between the premium they must pay and the current lower actuarial cost of covering them . ”
And then there 's the “ premium joy ” for those with health conditions . Writes Reinhardt : “ Many such people simply could not afford the high , medically underwritten premiums they were quoted in the traditional nongroup market . ”
Gruber , at M.I.T. , estimates it would be a “ small share ” of the uninsured who would see higher premiums than what they could get today .
“ Some uninsured will see higher prices than they would pay today , ” Gruber wrote in an email to FactCheck.org . “ If you look among those who are currently getting insurance in the individual market , I estimate that about 1/3 will see a higher price , after accounting for tax credits . But these guys are much healthier and richer than the uninsured . So for the uninsured the number will be well below 1/3 . So I would say that the vast majority of uninsured will see lower costs than if they bought today , but not 100 % . ” ( Gruber was a paid consultant to both the Obama administration and Gov . Mitt Romney 's administration in Massachusetts on health care overhaul plans . )
It 's true that most buying exchange plans will receive subsidies to do so — about 80 percent of the 24 million on exchange plans in 2023 , according to the CBO , and that brings down their overall costs . Only 10 percent of the uninsured earned more than 400 percent of the federal poverty level , the cutoff for exchange subsidies , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation report . But Obama said the uninsured would get the “ significantly cheaper rate ” even before factoring in subsidies .
It 's difficult to make comparisons between what Americans would have paid before and what they 'll pay on the exchanges . Not only will factor such as health status , age and gender determine how a person 's premium offerings may change , but current state regulations also play a role . When Obama recently touted premium estimates out of New York state that were lower than those offered now on the individual market , we noted that New York 's insurance regulations — such as prohibiting rate variation based on health status or age — already had helped make it one of the most expensive markets in the country . So the impact of the law in New York will be different from that in most other states .
For all of these reasons , Obama overpromised when they said that all of the uninsured would find cheaper premiums on the still-evolving exchanges .
Exaggerating the Benefits
Obama also made a gross overstatement when they said that “ for the 85 percent of Americans who already have health insurance , they are benefiting from being able to keep their kid on their plan if their kid is 26 or younger. ” That 85 percent figure is the total percentage of insured Americans . As this table from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows , it includes the 30 percent of Americans who are on Medicaid , Medicare or other public insurance . Those folks ca n't add kids up to age 26 to their insurance .
Obama is talking about the 54 percent of Americans who have employer or individual insurance . Those private plans were required to expand dependent coverage to adult children up to age 26 , if they had n't already done so . Obama is correct to say it 's a benefit — the KFF says 3 million gained insurance because of this provision — but it does n't affect “ 85 percent of Americans . ”
— Lori Robertson
Officials have granted Palestinian refugee Reem Sahwil and their family residency in Germany through October 2017 , the German newspaper 'Bild ' reported on Thursday .
The report , which cites Rostock 's immigration office , says the teenage girl as well as their father , mother and brother are allowed to stay due to their successful integration into German society . The girl 's father now works as an aid to refugees .
The report said that the family may pick up the permit in the coming days .
Lorenz Caffier , the chairperson of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , told `` Bild '' that they were `` satisfied that the residency status of Reem is clarified . The period of uncertainty is over and they can stay here . ''
Reem Sahwil , pictured with their father , Atef
' I want to study '
Reem , who is reported to be fluent in five languages and an excellent student , told German Chancellor Angela Merkel during a televised discussion in perfect German that their family , who arrived in the northern German city of Rostock from a Lebanese refugee camp four years ago , faced possible deportation . They had said they wanted to study in Germany , but that their future was uncertain .
`` I want to study , that 's my desire , '' they said .
Merkel responded and said that Germany could not admit everyone , which moved the girl to tears . Merkel then tried to comfort the teen by stroking their head and shoulder , which their critics called cold and awkward .
After the media storm caused by the event , the girl and their family received a limited residency permit from Rostock until March 2016 .
smm/gsw ( AFP , dpa )
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With Christmas on its way , the big tech companies are preparing to unleash their new tablet offerings .
Apple is all set to announce the iPad mini to fans waiting with eager anticipation .
But Microsoft 's tablet the Surface is set to hit the shops too .
Here are 10 things you need to know about the Microsoft Surface ...
1 . The Surface is 9.3m thick - a fraction thinner than the iPad 's 9.4m . It weighs around 680g - just slightly more than the iPad 's 660g .
2 . There are two versions available - the Surface , which will run the Windows RT operating system with an ARM CPU , and the Surface Pro which has Windows 8 Pro and an Intel CPU .
3 . The display measures 10.6in ( 27cm ) with a 16:9 aspect ratio .
4 . The Surface has a widescreen HD Display while the Surface Pro has a Full HD Display .
5 . Both models have Microsoft 's ClearType HD display technology and support an ultra-wide viewing angle and auto-adjusting screen intensity .
6 . The case is magnesium , helping to keep it lightweight .
7 . They have a built-in kickstand - slimmer than a credit card at 0.7mm - to hold it upright , making typing or watching videos easier .
8 . There are two keyboard covers available - the Touch Cover and the Type Cover . They attach with a magnetic strip and serve both as a protective cover and , when unfolded , as a keyboard . A built-in gyroscope and accelerometer sensor tell the covers whether to accept the keystrokes . The Touch is 3mm thick with a touch-sensitive keyboard . The Type Cover is thicker and includes a tactile keyboard .
9 . The release date for the Surface Pro is 26 October 2012 , at the same time as Windows 8 becomes generally available . The Surface Pro is expected early next year .
10 . A 32GB Surface without Touch Cover costs £399 from the Microsoft online shop . With the cover it is £479 while the 64GB version with Touch Cover costs £559 .
Phil Lesh and Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead joined San Francisco Giants third base coach and musician Tim Flannery to sing `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' before Game 3 of the NL Championship Series on Tuesday at AT & T Park .
After the Giants held on to beat St. Louis 5-4 in 10 innings , Flannery announced the trio are `` now 3-0 '' when singing the anthem together . The third base coach is 4-1 overall , losing once when they sang with their brother on `` Grateful Dead Night . ''
Your browser does not support iframes .
`` We did this two years ago , '' Flannery said . `` And they have n't been together . They 're about ready to start a 50th anniversary Grateful Dead , so they kind of split their ways this last summer , and so this might have been the first time they 've been together . ''
Flannery did n't need to sing or shout or say anything else to Brandon Crawford as they rounded third for the game-winning run on Gregor Blanco 's 10th-inning bunt to go ahead 2-1 in the best-of-seven series .
Exclusive : The Grateful Dead Ink Publishing Deal With Universal
In August , Weir canceled all of the tour dates they had planned through January .
The 66-year-old guitarist , one of the Grateful Dead 's founders , said their tour with their current band , RatDog , would n't kick off as planned and announced on the band 's Website that `` circumstances have necessitated that all scheduled tour dates for Bob Weir & RatDog are being canceled . '' No other details were given .
Bob Weir Cancels All Concerts For 2014
The trio of Lesh , Weir and Flannery also performed the anthem before Game 2 of the 2012 NLCS against St. Louis .
`` Yeah , we 'll get them back out there tomorrow , '' Giants manager Bruce Bochy said with a smile of Flannery 's singing .
February : $ 4009.55
January : $ 3632.86
December : $ 8181.08
November : $ 3400.66
October : $ 3260.59
Your generosity has spoken , and we are listening ! Historically , this last month has been pretty dry as far as contributions , but you have broken all the records . We are reaching the end of dwarven music and dance and there are even more exciting things on the horizon ! I can only hope that you are as enthusiastic as we are . Personally , I ca n't wait to challenge a drunken miner to a game of dwarven chess.Congratulations to the generous ! Yeah , aside from the 11-month buildup to the Valentine 's day 0.34.01 release in 2012 , February contributions have generally been pretty low , but this time you all went well beyond our expectations ! Next up , I 'll probably be doing the dance form generator and then we 'll have an interesting month of actually making use of all of these new objects . I imagine that 'll start with world gen artists ( poets , bards , etc . ) and then to dwarf activities and then to visitors and finally to adv-mode artists ( including the player ) , all for this release.Reward reminder : If you support us , you can pick either a Story Reward or a Crayon/Colored Pencil Art Reward . A Story Reward is basically a mini-Threetoe story ( examples ) and a Crayon Art Reward is a crudely drawn scene which we sketch , color in , and mail to you , anywhere in the world ( assuming your contribution covers postage , which is about a dollar almost wherever you are ) . We take personal requests for either reward as well , they they he . You can also be listed among the Bay 12 Champions
Stephen Scott worked their way into a plum engineering job with Cenovus Energy , but he 's looking elsewhere to start again after being laid off .
The energy sector as we know it is gone - Todd Hirsch , ATB Financial
Their future wo n't look like their past .
`` Renewables interest me . I think interest in that will pick up . They expect it to grow four to 10 times over the next 10 years . And with the new airport going in , logistics and supply chain are increasing . ''
With an MBA and 20 years into a professional engineer career , Scott 's layoff was a surprise .
So far , he 's managing — they still have their severance and their wife managed to get more hours at their work .
Stephen Scott was laid off in October 2015 after 11 years with Cenovus Energy . They say he 's making the best of this unexpected downtime to spend more time with their kids Julianna , 9 , and Zach , 12 . Scott says he 's open to looking outside of oil and gas for their next job . ( Judy Aldous )
Scott is taking advantage of their downtime to walk their kids to school and work around the house .
Current economy sparks opportunities
There are a lot of people like Scott in Calgary right now . With deepening layoffs in the oil and gas industry , more will join him .
Some people are managing , others not so well . Economically Calgary has taken a hit .
But there could be an upside for businesses and individuals .
ATB economist Todd Hirsch says the increase in unemployed , highly qualified oil and gas types who are hungry for work may actually result in a more diversified economy .
Todd Hirsch is the chief economist at ATB Financial . ( CBC )
`` The energy sector as we know it is gone , '' they said .
Other industries expand
Hirsch knows there 's a danger of sounding glib when trying to take a positive spin on plummeting oil prices .
`` Having been laid off twice in my career I know it 's not easy . ''
But they say where one industry contracts , others expand .
`` There are examples of non-energy industries that are doing interesting things . For example , digital media marketing . For the first time , they can get into the market because now people are willing to get paid less . ''
Hirsch thinks this downturn will permanently change how Calgarians and the economy work .
The oil king has fallen
A year ago , it was too hard to find talent in Calgary . - Cameron Prockiw , Vovia digital marketing
When oil is king , and Calgary booms , it distorts the labour force . Wages are high , the labour pool tight and the costs of setting up a new company become too big . When oil drops , so do those pressures .
Cameron Prockiw feels the weakening of those pressures . They are the founder and CEO of the digital marketing business Vovia . Prockiw opened satellite offices outside of Alberta because `` a year ago , it was too hard to find talent in Calgary . ''
They could n't compete with wages young recruits were offered at oil and gas companies or the `` Shaws of the world . ''
Things have changed — over the past year they have hired seven new people and refocused the business almost entirely on Alberta clients . Right now they have one position open , with 200 people vying for it .
And because their clients are n't energy companies they have n't felt the pinch . Yet .
Other companies able to hire workers
Like any business in this city , they know the ripple effect of low oil may eventually reach him . Many of their clients are home builders and they rely more directly on oil and gas wealth , which could spell trouble in the future .
BluEarth Renewables is another company finding it easier to fill jobs in the midst of layoffs .
Company COO Kelly Matheson-King says they 've hired 10 people in the last six months .
`` We have certainly seen more applications than in previous years . Many are from the oil and gas sector . ''
But Matheson-King is careful not to suggest that their business is feeding off the misfortunes of others .
They say there 's room for all types of energy production in Calgary .
It 's a classic Alberta problem
Craig Alexander , a longtime economist now with the C.D . Howe Institute , says the recession is `` broadly negative '' but that there are some positives .
Maybe because we went from above $ 100 to below $ 30 oil , this recession will be enough of a memory to encourage lasting movement towards diversification . - Craig Alexander , C.D . Howe Institute economist
Alexander points to the drop in gasoline prices as one silver lining . Another — first time homebuyers have an easier time making that first purchase as house prices drop and foreclosures rise .
When it comes to the tougher challenge of diversifying the economy , Alexander calls it the `` classic Alberta problem '' . Diversification should happen when times are good and there 's money flowing through the economy . But it 's when the economy falters that the conversation is renewed .
First time homebuyers will have an easier time making that first purchase as house prices drop . ( Robson Fletcher/CBC )
Alexander says this recession feels different than the one in the early '80s .
`` Maybe because we went from above $ 100 to below $ 30 oil , this recession will be enough of a memory to encourage lasting movement towards diversification . ''
Stages of grief in recession , but we 're still on anger
Economist Todd Hirsch says Calgarians hard hit by the death of $ 100 oil are like all those in grief . We go through stages .
Sadness over falling oil prices has passed . We 're now in the anger stage — Hirsch says he 's felt some of that directed their way — and only 2017 will bring acceptance .
They refer to the economic slow down in the United States in 2010 . Unemployment rose to 10 per cent , so the government extended unemployment benefits to 99 weeks .
It was only after those benefits ran out that people went back to work , often at lower wages .
`` They waited until they had no choice . ''
Calgary at a Crossroads is CBC Calgary 's special focus on life in our city during the downturn . A look at Calgary 's culture , identity and what it means to be Calgarian . Read more stories from the series at Calgary at a Crossroads .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HARTFORD -- A law aimed at taking guns away from domestic violence abusers is one step closer to becoming reality .
The bill , which passed the House of Representatives late Wednesday night , would prevent people served with temporary restraining orders from keeping their guns .
Alleged abusers would now have 24 hours to sell their weapons to a licensed dealer or turn them over to police .
The new legislation would require a hearing on a full restraining order within seven days . If a permanent order is not granted , gun owners would get their firearms back .
The bill passed in the house after heartfelt testimony from Rep. Robyn Porter from New Haven , who is a domestic abuse survivor herself . They told their own story about their ex-husband who had a gun and who shoved them through a glass patio door while they were pregnant , before they decided to leave him .
`` I just wanted them to understand the dynamics of where you are physically , emotionally , spiritually how it impacts you and how it 's important when you decide to leave to have that protection , '' said Rep. Porter .
Under the current law , a domestic violence victim must apply for a temporary restraining order and then wait two weeks for a judge to grant a permanent order before an abuser guns are confiscated .
Gun advocates argue it 's not fair because a temporary restraining order can be obtained without testimony . They also say there is an existing law which allows officers to seize guns from people who pose a risk to themselves or others .
More than a dozen states have strengthened laws designed to keep firearms out of the hands of domestic violence abusers over the last two years .
Governor Dannel P. Malloy said , “ We know that the period of time immediately following a temporary restraining order is critical . Clearly , access to a firearm in that situation can only increase the chances that something tragic might happen . This is about standing up and acting . ''
Rep. William Tong , co-chairperson of the Judiciary Committee , cited several reasons for the legislation :
Nationally , domestic assaults involving firearms are 12 times more likely to result in fatal violence than those involving other weapons or bodily harm .
Women in abusive relationships are 5 times more likely to be killed if their abuser has access to a firearm .
Connecticut averaged 14 intimate partner homicides per year from 2000 to 2012 and firearms were used in 39 percent of those 188 homicides , making them the most commonly used weapon to commit intimate partner homicide in Connecticut .
The bill now heads to the Senate .
Last year , it did n't make it to a Senate vote before the session ended .
Rep. Porter said , `` I 'm hoping that this year we will be victorious , that we will be able to celebrate this , because for me that 's what it would be : a celebration of life . ''
# thoughts : The Perfect Smartphone
Juan Chavez . Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 12 , 2017
The Verge 's Vlad Savov has to be one of my favourite consumer technology journalists at the moment . Whether it 's their call for Google to be boring again , or their desire for “ Pro ” version of Android , Vlad 's ability to concisely articulate their unique perspective is what makes them one of the most refreshing journalists in the field .
However , their most recent article , “ May We Never Find A Perfect Smartphone ” had me raising an eyebrow and scratching my head in a disagreement , which was unusual to experience while reading one of their pieces . Essentially , the article can be distilled down to the idea that “ The perfect phone does n't exist because smartphone innovation moves too fast . ”
And I disagree .
Simply put , the idea of a perfect smartphone within itself is inherently flawed if you do so happen to take into consideration the idea that smartphone innovation moves too rapidly . However , that 's approaching the very idea of a “ perfect ” smartphone as some ultimate device that will continue to sit in your pocket until your on your deathbed . And that 's the wrong way to look at it .
The perfect smartphone can exist , but it can only strictly exist for a small and finite period of time . And it turns out , that time is approximately a year . Conveniently enough , phone manufacturers — in conjunction with carriers — have figured out that users are willing to buy a new phone every one to two years . Realistically , if most users had it their way , they would upgrade their phones every year . However , in most cases , the merely iterative upgrades never entirely justify the cost to do so .
What annoys me most about Savov 's piece is that they seem to believe such a “ perfect ” phone ca n't exist in 2017 . It particularly annoys me because Savov actually describes their perfect phone .
In Vlad 's mind , this “ perfect ” phone would be a beautiful amalgamation of the following : the industrial design and gorgeous screen of the Samsung Galaxy S8 , the quad DAC of the LG G6 , the camera from Google 's Pixel , and the attention grabbing Solar Red colour of the HTC U11 . Oh , and it has a headphone jack too .
There you go , Vlad . With some minor exceptions ( I 'm sure no one would be opposed to adding the Moto Play 's extraordinary long battery life and water resistance to the list ) , you just described the perfect phone for this very moment in 2017 . I would buy it in a heartbeat . It might not be the perfect phone come 2018 . Heck , it might not even be the perfect phone come September . But it could be the perfect phone right now .
So close , yet so far .
This is where my frustration truly lies . This perfect smartphone could exist , yet manufacturers are forever under the impression that users would much prefer features that no majority of user ever asked for , such as 360-degree cameras and 4K screens . Instead of directing this frustration towards the misguided manufacturers , Vlad seems to pull some absurd mental gymnastics when they say , “ It 's because we are never allowed to have everything in one single device that we treasure and appreciate it when any phone comes close . ”
We could have everything in one device . The manufacturers simply refuse to make it . Instead , they feel it 's better to make delirious choices such as delivering phones with hardware buttons that can only be mapped to the likes of a useless assistant . I must humbly disagree : If such a perfect phone were to exist , I — and many others — would cherish that phone more so than a phone that just comes close .
Yes , you could make the argument that every user has their own set of wants and needs when it comes to their smartphone . And yes , if such a holy grail of a phone were to exist , it probably would cost an absurd amount of money . However , that would be underestimating the delirious passion that can drive phone enthusiasts to make some astoundingly expensive purchases . It might not be the same amount of people flocking to buy the newest iPhone , but I guarantee you this “ perfect ” smartphone would sell . I 'm not a logistics manager , but if Andy Rubin can figure out a way to sell phones made of titanium and ceramic in small numbers , I 'm sure someone could figure out a way to manufacture this idealistic device . *
Savov continues hilariously ( and frighteningly accurately ) alluding to the idea that tech-enthusiasts are on par with drug addicts chasing some kind of endless fix , in stating , “ The truth is that what we enjoy is the chase , and we would n't really know what to do if we ever achieved the goal of perfection . ”
I can tell you exactly what I would do , because Vlad already told me . I would satisfy the thrill of the chase with my perfect device , and then my chase would continue in 8–12 months time when the active innovation of the smartphone industry would introduce something as simple and eloquent as say , a fingerprint sensor beneath a touch screen .
The entire premise of Savov 's argument is just confounding to me . Is it so wrong to actually enjoy a product while it 's the best option on the market ? It 's fun to complain about the “ what-could-be 's ” , but I thought that part of the beauty of this little geeky passion that we all share , is that these machines ultimately provide us with a dose of nerdy fun . And who could forget the bragging rights ?
Imagine telling a tech enthusiast who builds their own PC 's , “ No no no , do n't even bother making the most specced out tower — you 'll be missing out on the thrill of the chase. ” It 's as if to suggest that we 're never allowed to have a “ perfect ” product , because the thrill of being a tech fan is that we should always be excited about the future .
And that 's fine , but perfection in consumer technology can exist for a finite amount of time . They just wo n't let it .
—
If Savov reads this , I apologise for the terrible grammatical errors that plague this piece .
* Maybe Andy Rubin ca n't figure out a way to produce such a device . On time , at least .
The Hyundai A-League is LIVE on Fridays 7.30pm ( AEDT ) on SBS ONE , SBS HD and online
The Wanderers take on no less than the A-League title favourite at Parramatta Stadium only two days after beating Melbourne City 3-2 in its third game in a week on Wednesday .
The players and staff with then pack their bags to travel to South Korea to face FC Seoul next Wednesday .
The relentless schedule has seen the Wanderers travel to Asia and across the country as they juggle both their A-League and AFC Champions League campaigns and it 's taking a huge toll on Popovic 's squad .
Having lost both Brendon Santalab ( shoulder ) and Shannon Cole ( collarbone ) to season-ending injuries , Popovic was then also left without Brendan Hamill ( torn quadriceps ) and Mark Bridge ( groin ) - the duo will be racing the clock to make it back before the end of the season .
Wednesday 's come-from-behind victory , courtesy of a Nikita Rukavytsya winner at the death , was just the Wanderers ' second of the season , finally lifting them off the bottom of the ladder .
But it proved costly with key midfielder Mateo Poljak suffering a calf injury .
Popovic retained just four players on Wednesday from the starting line-up that lost to Brisbane on Sunday as they rotate their squad to cope with the heavy load .
The coach had to dig so far into their reserves they gave 18 year-old Jonathan Aspropotamitis from the youth squad their debut against City as they admit `` players are starting to fall apart '' .
Popovic , who played for years as defender at English club Crystal Palace , says he 's never endured such a hectic schedule .
`` I played in the Championship , which was a very tough , gruelling league and never did I play seven in 20 days , '' they said .
`` We 've had to endure travel , hot conditions in Adelaide and Brisbane , the Champions League . It 's beyond belief in some respects .
`` But you do n't score late goals like we just did if you 're feeling sorry for yourself .
`` We 're certainly not as fit as we want to be that 's why we 've got injuries , but there 's a lot of fight . ''
Last time Western Sydney faced Victory a late Gui Finkler winner secured Melbourne the win .
Popovic says , busy schedule or not , this time he 's confident the Wanderers can turn the tables .
`` We wo n't have any excuses on Friday , '' they said .
`` Victory will be a very tough game but my memory of the last time we played them we certainly matched them that day .
`` They beat us with a bit of quality and took their chances , we did n't .
`` Hopefully this time we 'll put away our chances and I believe we can get the result . ''
There are numerous innings in cricket that remain etched onto our memories but the Nagaland women 's cricket team achieved a different feat altogether , albeit an embarrassing one . The BCCI 's U-19 women 's one-day super league match between Kerala and Nagaland ended in farce as the north-eastern state was shot out for just two runs with as many nine batters getting out for ducks . Electing to bat after winning the toss , Nagaland were all out for just 2 runs from 17 overs in an astonishing display .
Nine batters were out for ducks while opener Menka scored one run ( off 18 balls ) from the only scoring shot of the innings in the Group B match at JKC college ground here . Priyanka remained not out on nought after facing three deliveries .
In a match in the U-19 Women One Day League , conducted by BCCI , Nagaland U-19 team collapsed for just two runs having played 17 overs . And one of those two runs came in an extra . In response , Kerala U-19 Opener hit a 4 off the 1st ball itself . Yes , you read that right . pic.twitter.com/v3rWqFLyFM — BCCI Ranji Trophy ( @ BCCIRanjiTrophy ) November 24 , 2017
The way Kerala notched up the win -- to pocket four points -- added to the farcical nature of the match . Nagaland 's Deepika Kaintura bowled a wide and from the other legitimate ball , Kerala opener Ansu S. Raju scored a boundary to win the match by 10 wickets .
Kerala reached 5 for no loss in 0.1 overs while chasing 3 for a win with Ansu not out on 4 . The Nagaland players provided on the BCCI website had only their first names except for two . Most of their names appeared to be of players hailing from outside the state .
As per the Lodha Committee recommendations , the BCCI will now have to include the north-eastern states in their accredited tournaments . Earlier this month , an astounding 136 wide balls were bowled in a match of the same tournament between Nagaland and Manipur in Dhanbad .
The match , a part of the inaugural NE-Bihar U-19 one-day competition being organised by the cricket board , saw Manipur bowling 94 wide balls while Nagaland were a shade better with 42 .
Nagaland won the match by 117 runs to log four points , but it was learnt that the girls from both the states were at times not even able to land the ball on the 22-yard square .
( With PTI inputs )
0 American flags hanging on overpasses destroyed
NEWTON , Mass . - Someone in Massachusetts is destroying American flags placed on overpasses . The man who put the flags up in honor of their uncle says they are heartbroken by the actions .
“ We salvaged what we could , we did the best we could , ” Paul Alegria said .
They put flags up across overpasses in Lexington , Waltham and Newton .
Alegria tells Boston 25 News someone vandalized at least 12 American flags .
“ We were driving up 128 and noticed some of the flags had been damaged . It hurts , we put them up … someone came along and just tore it down , ” said Alegria .
Alegria said they started putting up the flags a few years ago in honor of their uncle Manuel Fernandes , who served overseas in France for two tours of duty , where they dealt with ammunition .
> > Read more trending news
“ My uncle Manny came back from the war in a shoe box , ” said Alegria .
As a child , Alegria saw their aunt suffer after they lost their husband . Growing up , they realized how much their aunt and families across the country had to sacrifice .
“ The sacrifices that all Americans have made , especially during the war . We were so united , everyone sacrificed , everybody had losses , ” said Alegria .
So , they wanted to do something in honor of their uncle , and for the people of Massachusetts .
“ We had this idea that having flags on overpasses would inspire people about what the flag really means , ” they said .
When they saw the very flags they put up destroyed , they were stunned . They said they hope the person who did this gets this message : “ We wanted the people , who did this , do n't hurt us . The people of the United States , ” they said .
Alegria filed a complaint with police in several departments . They are hoping the suspect “ has a heart ” and will come forward .
They put up flags along overpasses , to honor their uncle who served overseas.Uncle came back in a shoebox.Recently , someone destroyed the flags . pic.twitter.com/ROYSOLKKK1 — Malini Basu ( @ WFXTMalini ) July 22 , 2017
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
After a break , DJ Shadow took the stage , announcing that they would be playing a set entirely comprised of their own original music . The three panels behind them illuminated with projected images of space and nature as they scratched and jogged their way through their own discography . About half-way through their set , a mesh screen was let down in front of them that enabled two laser projectors to create the appearance of a hologram in front of the table they were playing on . The whole effect was reminiscent of when I saw Flying Lotus at Moogfest ( read our review of that weekend here ) . This curtain got hung up at first , and someone on a ladder had to let it down , giving it a small tear in the process , but Shadow kept on playing through . The room was bursting with bass , and while the crowd had been forced down into the standing area during Teeko 's set , for Shadow the venue opened up all the seating so the audience could get comfortable . The crowd was mostly Gen X or older , so many people enjoyed being able to sit down with a beer and just nod along to the music .
What is the path for American intervention in places such as Libya war going forward ?
Photograph by Ahmad al-Rubaye .
The future face of American warfare is very likely on display now in Africa . Libya , the coast off Somalia , and now the borderlands of Uganda—it 's a fair bet that these theaters of conflict , far more than Iraq or Afghanistan , foretell the shape of our military adventures . What this suggests is a return to the “ advise and assist ” missions of the Cold War , with international terrorists ( or , on occasion , particularly hideous thugs ) replacing international Communism as the predominant threat .
There are risks , of course , that such missions can escalate to full-scale fighting , especially if the “ advisers ” are “ combat-equipped ” and authorized to shoot in self-defense—as is the case with the 100 advisers that President Obama recently sent to help the Ugandan government beat back the rapacious insurgents of the preposterously titled Lord 's Resistance Army . These risks , though , are minimized as long as our aims are well-defined , our presence is necessary ( and , better still , requested ) , the scope of operations is sharply limited , and the costs are n't too onerous .
Obama is reportedly sensitive to the dangers of escalation , so it 's no surprise that their interventions , at least the ones he 's initiated , share precisely these traits . It 's too glib to speak of an “ Obama doctrine , ” as many of these traits will probably mark our interventions in the foreseeable future , almost regardless of who sits in the White House . ( I italicize almost in a nod toward the current crop of Republican candidates , most of whom not only know little about the world but boast of their indifference . ) This constraint stems less from any president 's personality than from two defining aspects of our era : sharply limited resources and a global political system in which “ power blocs ” have grown in number and shrunk in size . These two facts impede daydreams of glorious expansionism .
The interventions we 've seen in the past year do n't neatly fit the familiar categories of “ realist , ” “ moralist , ” or “ neoconservative. ” Most of them were meant to help an ally ( or at least a nonhostile government in a region of strategic interest ) stave off a quite hostile , dangerous insurgency . A few ( most notably Libya ) were meant to help people resist their own government 's violent oppression .
Especially in the case of Libya , many Republicans gloated , and some Democrats despaired , that Obama took their cues from George W. Bush 's “ freedom agenda. ” But this was n't the case at all . Obama intervened to protect the Libyan people ( and , implicitly , to assist their efforts to oust Qaddafi from power ) only after a ) the Arab League unanimously requested the protection—an unprecedented event—and b ) the United Nations Security Council authorized military action .
Many on the right criticized Obama for not doing more , sooner . Some on the left criticized them for doing anything at all . But now that the fighting is all but over , the balance they struck—what they did and did not do—seems just about right . If they had done nothing , Qaddafi would still be in power and tens of thousands of Libyan civilians would almost certainly be dead . If they had done everything , we 'd now be blamed for all the problems and stuck with the massive reconstruction bill—whereas in fact we 'll help pay for some of it , but , hey , the Europeans took the lead in war , and so they 'll have to take the lead in peace , too .
Where we go from here—not so much in Libya but in thinking about threats in the world and how to deal with them—is a question that has the military chiefs in a sweat , because whatever the answer , it almost certainly involves massive cuts in their budgets and their programs .
The Army and Marines in particular are facing an existential question they have n't had to deal with since the end of the Cold War : What is their reason for being ? Where can they claim , with straight faces , that they might need a few hundred thousand troops to fight a large-scale conventional war anytime soon ? We 're leaving Iraq ( by Iraqi law ) , we 're easing out of Afghanistan , we are not going to invade Iran ( a country three times the size of Iraq and at least as hostile , even in the pro-Western cities , to the idea of foreign occupation ) , Russia is in no shape to re-create the Red Army ( nor is Germany , Poland , or the Czech Republic eager to host its troops ) , and if we do someday get into a war with China , it 's going to be fought at sea and in the air ; it certainly wo n't be a ground war .
This is n't to say that the Army should be decimated . There 's always North Korea to deter , and some other contingencies that justify staying prepared as a hedge . But it 's hard to make a case for a huge land force . Advise-and-assist missions tend to involve dozens of troops , at most a few hundred . Many veterans of these missions , most of them Special Forces officers , say that a small footprint is best : it helps us remember that we 're helping allies fight their war , not turning it into our war ; and it lets us retain our leverage , in case the government we 're helping turns out to be no better than the rebels they 're fighting . ( We can fit all 100 of our advisers inside a single C-17 airplane . )
Does this suggest that Donald Rumsfeld 's vision of “ military transformation ” is right—that all we need are a few units of Special Forces backed by smart bombs dropped from Air Force jets or fired from Navy carriers ?
Well , for many scenarios , yes . But for some scenarios , no , we need more . And for the wars that Rumsfeld helped unleash , we needed many more .
The distinction goes back to the political goals of a war , which is to say the political nature of warfare . The Bush administration , with Rumsfeld as its chief war planner , used a relatively small invasion force to topple Saddam Hussein—and , before then , a much smaller force ( the proverbial handful of Special Forces units , backed by air power and local guerrillas ) to oust the Taliban from Afghanistan . But destroying a regime creates a vacuum , which tends to end up filled with something . And if the destroyer does n't help fill it—with security , justice , institutions of government , the restoration of services—then the most ambitious , well-armed factions of society will . And if the society lacks roots in democratic practices , then anarchy or civil war or some new monster will inevitably loom .
That 's what happened in Afghanistan at the end of 2001 and Iraq in the spring of 2003 : A small fraction of the U.S. military threw out the bad guys in swift order ; but there was no plan for the aftermath—and , after much delay and denial , we had to build a plan on the fly , at the cost of much blood even now and with mixed results at best .
The intervention in Uganda is very different . There is no pretense of reforming its government or improving basic services . The Lord 's Resistance Army is n't a classic insurgency ; it offers no ideology with which the government has to compete for popular appeal . It seeks power through rape , abduction , intimidation and conquest . All U.S. forces have to do is help the government ( which wants our help ) kill or capture a couple hundred of the most repellent “ rebels ” on the planet .
By the way , for those , like Dick Cheney , who think that Obama does n't take the war on terror seriously : President Bush sent a few dozen special-ops forces to tangle with the LRA back in 2008 ; its leaders got away . Maybe Obama will do better with 100 .
The administration is n't identifying who these 100 advisers are , but John Pike and Joseph Trevithick , of the research center GlobalSecurity.org , figure that most of them come from the 3rd Special Forces Group ( airborne ) , tasked to U.S. Africa Command , with the rest coming—as they generally do in these situations—from “ three-letter agencies ” in the intelligence community .
In the past few years in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Special Forces groups have become quite proficient at tracking bad guys , then killing or capturing them . It 's a lot easier to do that than to help build a new society . In this case , the society-building wo n't have to be part of the mission . If it did , my guess is Obama would n't be going there .
Latest Polls on OR , WA Marijuana Legalization Initiatives
New polling data released this week shows Washington 's I-502 marijuana legalization initiative still ahead , but not comfortably so , and Oregon 's Measure 80 continuing to trail . The polls come as the campaign season enters its final three weeks .
In Washington , a SurveyUSA/KING 5 News poll showed I-502 winning with 55 % in favor and 36 % opposed . Only 8 % said they were still undecided . That 's good news since because it suggests that for I-502 to lose , it would not only have to lose every undecided voter , but also one out of ten of the people who say they are voting for it .
But a second poll , released Thursday , is a bit more concerning . In the KCTS 9 Washington poll of registered and likely voters , I-502 led by 50.9 % to 40.8 % among registered voters and 47.1 % to 40.1 % among likely voters . That 's still a seven-to-ten-point lead , but the measure polls that high only when counting not only “ certain ” yes voters , but also “ Yes—could change ” and “ Undecided—leaning yes ” voters .
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Using only “ certain ” voters , the race gets tighter . Among registered “ certain ” voters , 38.4 % were voting yes , while 35.0 % were voting no . Among likely “ certain ” voters , 37.2 % were voting yes , while 31.8 % were voting no .
I-502 still appears likely to win , but it 's white-knuckle time for those steering the campaign .
It 's not looking as good in Oregon . Measure 80 continues to trail in a new SurveyUSA poll and is in fact declining slightly in popularity from a SurveyUSA poll done five weeks ago . Only 36 % of respondents said they were voting for Measure 80 , while 43 % said they were voting against . The initiative has lost one point since the previous poll , while the opposition has gained two points .
That still leaves more than one out of five voters undecided , meaning Measure 80 could theoretically still triumph . But it would have to hold onto all of its “ yes ” voters and pick up two-thirds of the undecideds to do so , and that is an exceedingly tall order .
Measure 80 has majority support among only one demographic group , liberals , where it garners 60 % . It has lost previous majority support among Democrats and independents and trails among all age groups . It looks like it will be back to the drawing board for Oregon activists .
Tags : adult consumption
Californians have been left unnerved by the official announcement of an imminent earthquake in the region .
The California Office of Emergency Services ( OES ) warned at the end of September that the south-west US State warned could be in for “ larger earthquakes ” following a series of smaller tremors that shook the Salton Sea area – just a matter of kilometres from the tightly wound San Andreas fault .
OES director Mark Ghilarducci said : “ California is earthquake country . We must always be prepared and not let our guard down . ”
A statement from the governmental group warned that “ stresses associated with this recent earthquake swarm may increase the probability an additional earthquake as large , or larger , than the September 26 magnitude 4.3 ” which hit Salton Sea – the most powerful of 200 quakes to shake the region in the last week .
Analyzing the one-sided peace process
The Mideast peace process has gone up in flames—again . The latest round of peace talks have resulted in mounted tensions on both sides . On April 4 , U.S. mediator John Kerry threw up their hands in frustration and called for a “ reality-check ” on the U.S. role in negotiations . The media 's knee-jerk reaction has been to blame Israel for striking the match that started the blaze . This viewpoint has been largely promulgated by the one nation that should know better—the United States .
After a long history as a negotiator and go-between for the Israelis and Palestinians , the U.S. has borne witness to repeated attempts toward peace . This makes the current U.S. assumption that Israel is to blame all the harder to comprehend because in every failed negotiation to date , Israel has had the most to lose .
Let 's take a look at what Israel has conceded in an attempt to bring about peace with the Palestinians , and what the Israeli people received in return .
One instance would be the Sept. 13 , 1993 , Oslo Agreement . It signified mutual recognition by Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization . Israel would withdraw from the West Bank and Gaza in stages . In return , the Palestine Liberation Organization would recognize Israel 's right to be a nation and live in peace .
In 2005 , as a part of the disengagement plan to bring about peace with the Palestinians , Israel evacuated the Strip and some settlements in the West Bank . Those Israeli citizens who did not comply were forcefully evicted , and dragged , kicking and wailing , from their homes . Israeli residences and settlements were torn down and destroyed . The Gaza Strip was made Jew-free in a matter of days .
This task—signed off in the Knesset and carried out by the Israel Defense Forces—was supposed to be a monumental step toward creating a Palestinian state that could function alongside Israel in peace . How did it work out ?
Since 2005 , Israeli towns and cities have been held to ransom by terrorists launching rocket after indiscriminate rocket into the Israeli state . The Israel Defense Forces has reported over 8,000 rocket attacks since the withdrawal . Gaza has devolved into a terrorist safe haven .
Israel 's defensive actions against these attacks ( yes , protecting yourself from rocket attacks is defensive ) have repeatedly drawn the ire of the international community . Organizations such as the United Nations condemn Israel 's actions as a stumbling block on the road to peace . They refuse to recognize the fact that Israel is reacting to Arab aggression .
Israel gave up Gaza and received violence and fear in return . What did the Palestinians contribute toward peace ? Did they renounce terror ? Did they become responsible peace partners ? Did they recognize Israel 's right to exist ?
Beginning on July 29 , 2013 , negotiations for a new peace deal were heavily one-sided . Israel promised to release 114 Palestinian prisoners—some of them convicted murderers—in return for the Palestinians to remain at the negotiating table and not pursue unilateral statehood through the UN . Here again , Israel made all of the tangible concessions in exchange for promises . Releasing hardened terrorists and murderers back into the Palestinian community will not make the general community more favorable to Israel ; undoubtedly , these radicals will incite more violence .
We must remember that the ultimate Palestinian goal is not merely the establishment of a Palestinian state . The real goal is the complete replacement of Israel . While a far more long-term objective for the Palestinians , this widely held goal is often preached by Palestinian officials . “ Anyone willing to look can see , what they truly want is not a state of their own living side-by-side with Israel but a state that replaces Israel altogether ” ( Wall Street Journal , April 9 . )
Since Israel 's formation , it has been under one form of attack or another . The calls to wipe Israel off the map have continued unabated . The international community keeps telling Israel to make more concessions—concessions that bring the Palestinians closer and closer to statehood without any security improvements for Israel .
Yet Israel goes along with predictable results : A momentary flight followed by a hard nosedive . And each and every time it fails , Israel comes away with the bloody nose yet is the one blamed for the failure . Most recently Israel released three waves of long-serving Palestinian prisoners , got nothing in return , and now the peace process has gone up in flames again . Israel loses .
In the third wave of prisoner releases , Israel released :
Juma Ibrahim Juma Adam—Murdered Rachel Weiss and their three children and an idf soldier in a firebomb attack in 1988 .
Jamal Haled Ibrahim Abu Muchsan—Stabbed 76-year-old Shlomo Yichye to death in 1991 .
Mahmoud Fauzi Salma Falena—Convicted of carrying out a roadside bomb attack that killed an Israeli citizen in the town of Ramallah in 1992 .
Ahmed Awad Ali Camil—Murdered five Israelis and 50 Palestinians ; commander of the Black Panther terrorist group .
At least 20 more convicted murderers .
But the Palestinians lose nothing . The Palestinian Liberation Organization promised to withhold steps to gain statehood at the UN while negotiations were going on , only to apply for 15 organizations in the UN , ignoring those promises—prompting Israel to cancel its fourth and final scheduled release of prisoners . Over the course of the negotiations , all that the Palestinians sacrificed were a few months of progress . Israel on the other hand , sacrificed peace and stability by releasing murderers back into society .
The history of the entire peace process is largely the same : Israel gives all and gains nothing . Under such a scenario , there can only be one outcome : the realization of Palestinian goals—and the destruction of Israel .
For more on where events are heading for Israel and the Palestinians , be sure to read Trumpet editor-in-chief Gerald Flurry 's article “ Watch Jerusalem ! ” This article explains what will come of peace negotiations , and how they will affect not only Israel but the whole world .
Crossing illegally from Central America through Mexico into the US is terribly dangerous , in many ways . Yet , more than 50,000 underage migrants have been caught trying to cross the US southern border in the last year .
Some jump a freight train known as `` The Beast , '' where one false step could mean a lost limb — or worse . Some are kidnapped by drug cartels , others by freelance criminals and held for ransom . So why would any parent send their children on the journey , alone ?
For many , like Jose and Ester , the answer is fear and desperation . They are undocumented immigrants from El Salvador , living in the suburbs of Baltimore . And they asked that their last name be withheld to protect their identity . They have two boys — ages 11 and 9 .
Like many others , they left their kids behind to find work in the US . Jose said when their youngest son — their namesake , Jose Jr. — was born , they took one look at the baby and wondered how in the world they were going to feed their family .
“ The truth is , everything I earned in the whole day was n't enough to buy tomatoes , potatoes ... the ingredients [ for a family meal , ] ” Jose said .
In El Salvador , minimum wage can be as low as $ 4 a day , and living costs are high . “ If you want to buy a chicken , you 'll pay $ 6 , ” they said .
Jose considered the $ 50 a week they made in El Salvador and the $ 500 they could earn in the US ... and packed their backpack . Ester stayed behind in El Salvador to raise the boys . Jose landed in Baltimore , where they now work cleaning apartment buildings . They earn $ 9 an hour , eight to 12 hours a day .
Piling trash bags night after night , Jose saved enough money to first bring their wife north . That was nearly two years ago . Ester and Jose had been apart for seven years at that point . They hoped to bring the boys along when they had earned enough .
“ They 've been strong , ” Ester said , referring to their boys . They call them “ my little bugs. ” But they have been very worried about them .
“ It 's not the same to say , ‘ Son , I love you , ' from far away , ” Ester said .
In the last two years , El Salvador has become increasingly dangerous , especially the neighborhood where the boys live , near the northern town of Sonsonate .
“ Sometimes , they have to take off running for the house because you can be caught in a gunfight there , ” Jose said .
Stray bullets have hit neighbors . Gang members saunter into the boys ' elementary school in the middle of the day . It 's risky just sending them gifts from the US .
Jose said even an old-school pair of Nikes is off limits ; the gangs go after anyone who wears them .
“ You have to be especially careful when you buy shoes , ” Jose said . “ You ca n't buy just any shoes because you can lose your life for them . ”
The boys had some refuge at home , but that was n't entirely safe , either . Ester and Jose had left the boys with an aunt , who they thought would protect them . But they and other relatives turned on the boys , beat them with belts , yelled insults at them and then abandoned them . Finally , they were passed off to a 22-year-old cousin who has two children of their own .
“ We are to blame for leaving them alone and not realizing they would suffer so many things , ” Ester said .
When the couple first learned their kids were in danger , they started working longer days and saving more money . They finally made enough to pay for the kids ' journey north .
“ We 're spending almost $ 10,000 , ” Jose said .
Jose negotiated the route with a coyote , a human smuggler . There would be no death train ; the boys would take cars and buses the whole way , and stay in hotels . The $ 10,000 pays for three attempts to get the boys across the US border .
“ If you do n't make it in three tries , you lose the money , ” Jose said .
In early May , the boys left on their first try .
“ There are many dangers in the journey , ” Jose said . “ It 's incredibly dangerous to cross the border right now . ”
Rafts along a river between Guatemala and Mexico . Migrants from Central America often cross into Mexico near Tapachula . Kevin , 11 , and their brother José Jr. , 9 , crossed using an inflatable raft this summer and are now reunited with their parents in Maryland . Credit : Eric Lemus
Just an hour after crossing into Mexico , Jose said , the boys were caught . For three weeks , they were detained in Mexico in a high-security facility that houses mostly adult migrants . There , they had to wash their own clothes and barely had enough to eat .
Then , they were flown back to El Salvador , where they went to live with their cousin again . For the boys , their main lifeline to their parents was a shaky Internet connection . To them , Jose was a Facebook dad .
“ The first time [ we ] bought a computer , I saw them on it , ” Jose Jr. said . The father and their 9-year-old namesake are the spitting image of each other .
“ He 's really chubby — just like me , ” Jose Jr. added .
The boys barely left their cousin 's house in El Salvador because of the gangs . They played soccer , but indoors . They could have used the lawn , but it was full of trash . There was nothing to keep them here , and yet the 11-year-old , Kevin , said thinking about a second journey north was tough .
“ My brother said they did n't want to go , ” Kevin said . Still , they told their parents that they were willing to give it another try .
In June , the boys set off for the second time . Barely a week into the journey , Jose and Ester received a phone call . It was from another family traveling in the same group as the boys . They were all being held hostage in their hotel rooms by men in Mexican police uniforms . The men were demanding money .
Desperate , Jose and Ester tried to call the coyote , but they could n't get through .
“ You have reached a non-working number , ” came the recorded reply . “ Please check the number and dial again . ”
They tried calling back ; they tried different numbers . Every time , the same response : “ You have reached a non-working number . ”
It was painfully tense . “ We just have to wait , ” Jose told Ester . “ We just have to wait . ”
After two days of waiting , Jose finally got a call : The coyotes had paid the ransom . “ They paid $ 1,000 for each of the boys so they would let them continue , ” Jose said .
A few days and an all-night bus ride later , the boys arrived at the US border — just south of McAllen , Texas . Jose got a call from the coyotes saying they would try to cross that night .
Then , again , they heard nothing .
“ So I begged God that we 'd get news of the boys , ” they said .
And at the same time , they prayed they would n't show up as a statistic on the nightly news . Every year , hundreds of migrants heading north die in the desert or wash up on the banks of the Rio Grande . Jose said while they waited for word , their wife Ester became frantic .
“ She got really stressed out , ” they said . “ I had to give them medicine to calm them down . ”
During that time , Jose reached out to advocacy groups and government offices . “ I was calling around to a bunch of organizations to see if they could find the boys or find out what happened , ” they said .
After three days , they got a call from US immigration officials telling them that they had their sons — in detention in Texas . The boys were transferred several times . Finally , a week later , Jose got through to an office set up to unite kids like theirs with family in the US .
“ We got news the boys were in a shelter for kids in Miami , ” Jose said .
Under current US policy , unaccompanied minors from Central America , like Jose 's sons , are treated as possible trafficking victims . Most are given notices to appear at immigration court ; the hearings sometimes happen within a few weeks . Many children who do appear arrive without a lawyer . While they wait for their hearings , kids are often reunited with relatives in the US .
In mid-July , Kevin and Jose Jr. were put on a plane from Miami . Ester and Jose showed up at the airport in Baltimore . They brought no toys , no candy , not even balloons — they were so afraid the boys would n't appear .
“ I was really anxious , ” Jose said . “ Would they come ? Would there be bad news ? Would they not be able to make it ? ”
Jose and Ester waited for 40 minutes at the arrivals area , until finally , Kevin and Jose Jr. walked around the corner . Years had passed since Jose and Ester had seen their boys in the flesh .
“ It was a really emotional moment , ” Jose said . “ There was a lot of joy , but also a little bit of pain for all that they had gone through and suffered to be with us . ”
José and Ester sent for their two sons , 11-year-old Kevin and 9-year-old José Jr . They were detained in Texas and transferred to a few centers along the southwest before they were sent to a shelter for unaccompanied minors in Miami and then reunited with their parents in Maryland . Their faces are n't shown to protect their identity . Credit : Courtesy of José and Ester
When they reunited , the parents finally got to hear how the boys crossed the Rio Grande — in an inflatable raft in the early morning hours .
“ We were walking a long way , and you could see water — like lakes , ” Jose Jr. said . “ And we went and ... ”
“ There was a tunnel , ” Kevin said , finishing their brother 's sentence .
“ And then there was the street , ” Jose Jr. said , continuing the story . “ We went for the street and the police came . ”
Jose Sr. said the boys still have bad dreams about the crossing and about being held hostage . “ The little guy , Jose Jr. , he 's still really anxious . ”
But Jose Jr. said he 's happy to be in Maryland , “ because now I 'm with my dad and my mom . ”
Their dad is trying to find a way so they can stay . They plan to hire a lawyer to represent them at their hearing .
According to the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse , a project at Syracuse University that tracks immigration cases , around 50 percent of undocumented kids with attorneys are allowed to stay in the US . That number drops to 10 percent for those who do n't have a lawyer .
Ester 's dream is that the legal system will be kind to them . “ I am just hoping we can stay together like a family , ” they said .
For now , they 're enjoying the time they do have together . Ester has been making everyone 's favorite foods . “ Today , it 's going to be chicken , ” Jose Sr. said .
Ester is seven months pregnant now with the newest member of the family . And Jose Jr. recently celebrated their birthday with all the trimmings . “ Cake , piñata , pizza , chicken , ” Jose Jr. yelled out .
For Jose Sr. , their sons ' happiness is proof that they and Ester made the right choice to bring them to the US — out of poverty and out of danger back home . Now they can provide for them and care for them .
“ No one takes better care of kids than their parents , ” they said .
Jose knows it 's still possible the boys will be deported , and that they and their wife are vulnerable , as well . But despite everything they 've been through , and everything they 've put their kids through , Jose said it 's worth it .
“ If you were in my shoes , ” they said , “ what would you do to be together ? ”
This story was produced in association with Round Earth Media , mentoring the next generation of global journalists . Julia Botero , Eric Lemus and Manuel Ureste contributed to this reporting .
Looking over the FAQ for the City of Heroes shutdown reminds me of the time I found ( and subsequently consumed/obsessed over/used as the template for a grim new religion ) the documents which obliterated my parents ' marriage . It is an utterly , cruelly , unsentimental , unsparingly frank assessment of the things people never , ever talk about until it 's time to close the store .
Before I died so many times in rapid succession that my XP Debt functionally entombed my main , the time I spent in City of Heroes was characterized by wonder and amusement . It was Cosplay : The Videogame in a lot of ways - I 've never seen people take their characters so seriously , and invest so much . Regular servers were the equivalent of any other game 's dedicated RP shard . The peoplewatching was unparalleled , and you were almost guaranteed a reward for looking at someone 's profile . I saw my backstory field as an opportunity to reward such Trick or Treating , and I did my best to treat liberally while keeping tricks to a minimum .
Not everybody played it , or understands “ what the deal , ” and since character creation is locked down they probably never will . It seemed like it could n't possibly be expensive to maintain it , but I 've had it explained to me that it 's not about maintenance costs ; it 's about turning that money , the people behind it , and the equipment sustaining it toward something new . That is no comfort , of course ; people rarely think of their loved ones as fungible organic compounds . But , there you have it .
I went to Card Kingdom to get a copy of Android : Netrunner , and I was not able to because the game no longer exists outside of people 's collections and the occasional overlooked shop . When I was visiting Brenna at college every other week , there was an exquisitely appointed game store by the dorm that sold piles of “ failed ” games for pennies on the dollar . I mean , like , a box of boosters for five bucks . That 's how I got into Netrunner , maybe fifteen years ago , and I found the one other person in Spokane who liked it and we played it into the fucking ground .
It was filed firmly under “ Too Beautiful To Live. ” The game 's asymmetry - one player is the Corporation , and one player is the “ noble ” ‘ Runner - proved too gnarly for players and the retail edifice . They were really two unique games , here . It 's one thing to purchase a booster pack for Magic and get colors you do n't want . It 's another thing , as in Netrunner , to open a pack and gets cards for a game you do n't especially want to play . It would be like ordering the incredible Asian Chicken Ranch but instead of the Chicken you got a tightly folded leather belt . Even if it was a great belt , and you got a lot of belts for your money , that 's not what you wanted to eat . And now there 's ranch all over the belt . There are no winners in this scenario - only hungry wretches whose pants need perpetual adjustment .
I played another game whose intoxicating asymmetries doomed it - Warhammer 40k - and the rise of deckbuilding as a genre and table gaming as a pastime means that we can explore this type of play in a way that 's both less mercenary and also , well , possible . That second one really helps .
( CW ) TB out .
when they 're gone
Technical section
DISCLAIMER : THE FOLLOWING SECTION IS UNIMPORTANT FOR THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE AS IT IS NOT USEFUL FOR THE MEDIA OR ANY OTHER NEWS RELATED WEBSITES DUE TO BORING TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND DETAILS . IT IS PROVIDED `` AS IS '' , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT . BY READING THE FOLLOWING SECTION YOU AGREE TO NOT USE IT IN THE MICROWAVE . THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE FOLLOWING SECTION IS WITH YOU . YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION . ANTE USUM AGITETUR !
What is the real problem ?
MySQL client library does n't verify if security of the connection matches the parameters specified by the user before starting negotiation of the authentication with MySQL server . After the BACKRONYM vulnerability had been discovered , it was fixed by Oracle in MySQL 5.7 . Security update for the stable MySQL 5.5.49 and 5.6.30 versions consisted of adding a verification of security parameters after the authentication process was finished . Since , it is done after the authentication man riddle in the middle attack together with SSL-downgrade attack can be used by the attacker to steal login data for immediate authentication and login to the MySQL server . Ridiculous part is that MySQL client does n't report any SSL related error when MySQL server declines to authenticate a user and instead reports unencrypted error message send by the server . Furthermore , the error message is controlled by the attacker , when the riddle in the middle attack is active .
How can the attack look like ?
The attacker needs to sit with riddle in the middle of the MySQL client and MySQL server and needs to have the ability to modify MySQL protocol communication . Due to ( not fully ) secure password authentication scheme which MySQL protocol uses , attacker can catch the server nonce from properly secured SSL connection with MySQL server and then forward it to the client via non-secure plain text connection . In this phase , the client does n't do any verification of security parameters and it also does n't verify if the other side that sent the the nonce really knows the password ( or have ability to verify if supplied data are correct ) . Thus , the client does n't report any problem that SSL connection is n't used and it generates authentication response . The response is sent back to other side ( to the attacker ) without any complains via insecure plain text mode . The attacker then finds in the riddle authentication response , sends it to the real MySQL server and voilà attacker has access to MySQL server database . Afterwards , attacker sends some error message to the client and the client propagates it to the user . The error message can contain arbitrary string and the client does n't show any problems related to disabled SSL mode even when SSL mode was explicitly set to require . The user 's password is n't disclosed as a result of the attack . The attacker can authenticate to MySQL server without the password only once as the server nonce is always ( or should be ) different . If authentication scheme were more robust ( e.g . SCRAM ) , then this attack would n't be possible . It remains to be seen whether Oracle will be willing to switch authentication scheme to something more robust after this vulnerability was discovered and reported .
Which versions of the libraries are affected ?
All versions of MySQL 5.5 and 5.6 client libraries ( at the time of writing of this article ) . Note that MariaDB client libraries are n't affected by this vulnerability as MariaDB developers fixed BACKRONYM properly and verification of the security parameters is done before sending user credentials . Furthermore , all the programs which use MySQL or MariaDB client library incorrectly are also affected .
How do I verify if a program which uses MySQL/MariaDB is affected ?
Oracle in MySQL 5.5.54 documentation ( archived ) demonstrates how to enforce SSL encryption via function mysql_connect_ssl_check ( ) . The code example in the documentation is incorrect as it introduces a vulnerability to your program ! In the example , the check whether SSL was established is done after starting the authentication process . If your MySQL program uses the recommendation or directly the code example provided by Oracle , then your program is affected by Riddle vulnerability independently of MySQL client library . Therefore , fixing MySQL client library is n't enough and MySQL program must be fixed too .
How do I check if my system is affected by this defect ?
You are affected if you are using MySQL client in any version 5.5 or 5.6 or you are using affected program as described above and you depend on SSL encryption over untrusted network where attacker can apply riddle in the middle .
How can I mitigate this problem ?
You have the couple of options . The best way would be to stop using the affected libraries , either by upgrading your MySQL client to version 5.7 or by switching from MySQL to MariaDB client . You can also apply MariaDB patch for the BACKRONYM vulnerability to your MySQL client . Note that MySQL client is backward compatible and version 5.7 can connect to MySQL server 5.6 or 5.5 without any problems . So , you just need to upgrade the client without touching the server part . Another option is to stop relaying on SSL enforced encryption by MySQL and create your own correctly encrypted secure tunnel . You can use e.g . socat program which can create a bidirectional SSL tunnel or use any other secure tunnel based on SSH , VPN or IPSec . The last option is to apply ostrich effect and wait until Oracle fixes MySQL client libraries and starts distributing them to you . In that case , you should expect that you could be victim of a attack .
How do I use SSL encryption properly ?
SSL ( resp . TLS , as SSL v2/v3 is already broken but name SSL is commonly used for TLS protocol ) implementation or protocol itself is n't affected by this vulnerability . The whole problem is how MySQL client uses SSL encryption . Men in the middle attack is very common for SSL and to prevent it , client must verify if SSL tunnel was correctly established with correct server and not with some attacker 's server . It means that client must verify SSL certificate announced by the server and also that the certificate is really owned by the server . If the connection to MySQL server is SSL encrypted but MySQL client does n't verify certificate ( correctly ! ) , then man in the middle attack is still possible and downgrade attack is needed . The Riddle vulnerability shows that MySQL client does whole verification at wrong a time — after the authentication was finished . Not before . So , enforcing SSL mode is n't enough , you also need to tell MySQL client how it must verify server 's SSL certificate . Either that it is signed by really trusted certificate authority or that it matches server 's certificate directly .
Are there some implementations of riddle in the middle already ?
Yes , there is my proof of concept riddle.pl script written in Perl . It starts riddle on localhost:3307 and expects that MySQL server is running on localhost:3306 . If you connect with affected client to localhost:3307 , then riddle will catch and steal authentication information , connects to real MySQL server on localhost:3306 and executes SQL for returning number of all tables .
Example which expects that MySQL server is already running on localhost :
Start riddle in the middle server :
$ perl riddle.pl
$ mysql -- ssl-mode=REQUIRED -h 127.0.0.1 -P 3307 -u user -ppassword
SELECT COUNT ( * ) FROM information_schema.TABLES -- > 121
ERROR 1045 ( 28000 ) : Access denied : MITM attack
Timeline
2017-02-01 - me - Discovered the vulnerability
2017-02-04 - me - Contacted Debian Security team because defect was present in Debian 's libmysqlclient.so library
2017-02-06 - me - Provided POC perl script
2017-02-06 - Debian & Oracle - Oracle person cc 'd by Debian Security team passed the information on upstream
2017-02-10 - me - Requested information about the state and progress of the reported vulnerability
2017-02-16 - Debian - Asked about the state again , since there was no answer from Oracle
2017-02-23 - me - Issued another request about the current state and announced date of public disclosure to 2017-02-28 due to Oracle 's inactivity
2017-02-23 - Debian - Suggested to disclose the vulnerability as upstream has failed to respond
2017-02-24 - Debian - Contacted Oracle team again
2017-02-25 - Oracle - Answered that they were not aware of this issue , even though it was already passed on to them on 2017-02-06 and I inquired 4 times about the progress
2017-02-27 - Oracle - Answered that they will provide response quickly
2017-02-28 - me - Requested the current state again as Oracle has n't responded yet
2017-02-28 - Oracle - Answered that will have response shortly
2017-02-28 - me - Reminded them that it was the day of public disclosure and offered them postponing the disclosure for a few days
2017-02-28 - Oracle - Accepted an offer to postpone the disclosure date to the end of week
2017-03-01 - me - Requested the state of the reported vulnerability again because Oracle have not provided any information of progress yet ( after month ! )
2017-03-02 - Oracle - Sent information ( for the first time ) that they were actively working on this issue and asked me to keep it confidential until the end of April
2017-03-02 - me - Rejected postponing disclosure date for another two months because one month should have been enough to fix the issue and users should have been informed about this vulnerability ASAP
2017-03-02 - Oracle - Informed me that it is hard to fix the reported issue and requested everybody involved to keep this issue confidential
2017-03-03 - me - Repeated rejection of postponing the disclosure date for another two months and offered them postponing the disclosure date for one week
2017-03-03 - Oracle - Has n't stated if they wanted to postpone the disclosure , but offered inclusion of my name into a credit section if I kept the issue confidential
2017-03-11 - me - Announced to Oracle , Debian Security team , Red Hat Security team and SUSE Security team that final public disclosure is 2017-03-17 ( no more postponing )
2017-03-17 - me - Announced the vulnerability to the oss-sec mailing list
Connect with your MySQL client to riddle , replaceandIf you provided correct user and password , then riddle connects to the server , executes SQL and writes output : MySQL client just receives a nice error message sent by riddle :
As you can see , communication with Oracle is very hard . For ordinary people without a big company standing behind them , it probably does n't make any sense filing reports of security vulnerabilities . After one month , Oracle have done absolutely nothing . They even wanted to postpone the disclosure date for another two months as they are probably incompetent to handle the security issues in their products . The only thing which Oracle offered as a reward if I do not disclose this issue was an inclusion of my name to some Oracle credit section . It is probably the last thing which would a developer or a security expert want to see .
Conclusion : Reporting bugs to Oracle are useless ( even those which are security related ) if you are not a Oracle customer . They can perfectly ignore any reports and they would be very happy if nobody knew about it so they do n't have to fix the bugs . It looks like immediate public disclosure is the best responsible solution for the users as it is the only way how to protect them and let them know immediately what should be done if they are affected .
Contact
Email address : middle at riddle dot link
References
The vision of many of us for robocars is a world of less private car ownership and more use of robotaxis -- on demand ride service in a robocar . That 's what companies like Uber clearly are pushing for , and probably Google , but several of the big car companies including Mercedes , Ford and BMW among others have also said they want to get there -- in the case of Ford , without first making private robocars for their traditional customers .
In this world , what does it cost to operate these cars ? How much might competitive services charge for rides ? How much money will they make ? What factors , including price , will they compete on , and how will that alter the landscape ?
Here are some basic models of cost . I compare a low-cost 1-2 person robotaxi , a higher-end 1-2 person robotaxi , a 4-person traditional sedan robotaxi and the costs of ownership for a private car , the Toyota Prius 2 , as calculated by Edmunds . An important difference is that the taxis are forecast to drive 50,000 miles/year ( as taxis do ) and wear out fully in 5 years . The private car is forecast to drive 15,000 miles/year ( higher than the average for new cars , which is 12,000 ) and to have many years and miles of life left in it . As such the taxis are fully depreciated in this 5 year timeline , and the private car only partly .
Some numbers are speculative . I am predicting that the robotaxis will have an insurance cost well below today 's cars , which cost about 6 cents/mile for liability insurance . The taxis will actually be self-insured , meaning this is the expected cost of any incidents . In the early days , this will not be true -- the taxis will be safer , but the incidents will cost more until things settle down . As such the insurance prices are for the future . This is a model of an early maturing market where the volume of robotaxis is fairly high ( they are made in the low millions ) and the safety record is well established . It 's a world where battery prices and reliability have improved . It 's a world where there is still a parking glut , before most surplus parking is converted to other purposes .
Fuel is electric for the taxis , gasoline/hybrid for the Prius . The light vehicle is very efficient .
Maintenance is also speculative . Today 's cars spend about 6 cents/mile , including 1 cent/mile for the tires . Electric cars are expected to have lower maintenance costs , but the totals here are higher because the car is going 250,000 miles not 75,000 miles like the Prius . With this high level of maintenance and such smooth driving , I forecast low repair cost .
Parking is cheaper for the taxis for several reasons . First , they can freely move around looking for the cheapest place to wait , which will often be free city parking , or the cheapest advertised parking on the auction `` spot '' market . They do not need to park right where the passenger is going , as the private car does . They will park valet style , and so the small cars will use less space and pay less too . Parking may actually be much cheaper than this , even free in many cases . Of course , many private car owners do not pay for parking overtly , so this varies a lot from city to city .
( You can view the spreadsheet directly on Google Docs and download it to your own tool to play around with the model . Adjust my assumptions and report your own price estimates . )
The Prius has one of the lowest costs of ownership of any regular car ( take out the parking and it 's only 38 cents/mile ) but its price is massively undercut by the electric robotaxi , especially my estimates for the half-width electric city car . ( I have not even included the tax credits that apply to electric cars today . ) For the taxis I add 15 % vacant miles to come up with the final cost .
The price of the Prius is the retail cost ( on which you must also pay tax ) but a taxi fleet operator would pay a wholesale , or even manufacturer 's cost . Of course , they now have the costs of running a fleet of self-driving cars . That includes all the virtual stuff ( software , maps and apps ) with web sites and all the other staff of a big service company ranging from lawyers to marketing departments . This is hard to estimate because if the company gets big , this cost will not be based on miles , and even so , it will not add many cents per mile . The costs of the Prius for fuel , repair , maintenance and the rest are also all retail . The taxi operator wants a margin , and a big margin at first , though with competition this margin would settle to that of other service businesses .
So what will the price be of your robocar ride ? Today , an Uber ride tends to be a mix of a `` per ride '' fee ( which hopefully covers the cost of getting to you ) and about $ 1 to $ 1.50 per mile and about $ 13/hour in the USA . ( In Peru it 's $ 3.60 per hour and just 40 cents/mile . ) Depending on your speed , USA UberX will cost you $ 2 to $ 2.50 per mile . As such , $ 1/mile would be a very attractive , but also very profitable introductory price .
Competition should drive prices down to more normal margins . Typical gross profits in transportation are 50 % . This suggests from 20 to 25 cents/mile for the urban solo ride up to 50 cents/mile for the 4 passenger sedan ( or just 12 cents/mile/person if you fill it up or carpool in it . ) This means the small car at 25 cents/mile has revenues of only $ 35/day ( around $ 12,500 per year ) with COGS of $ 16/day . I have not factored in per-ride fees or trip minimums , which are normal in Taxi/Uber services . ( The Uber $ 5 trip minimum covers a whopping 20 miles in this car . ) I expect trip minima to drop to compete with $ 2.50 transit tickets , especially when pooling .
Google runs a gross margin that 's very high ( about 67 % ) but on the other end consider that Uber ( though not profitable yet ) takes 20 % of its gross cost of a ride ( and pays its own expenses from that . )
Things still to learn
The cost of maintenance is still a bit of a guess . As noted , for today 's cars it 's about 6 cents/mile , including 1 cent for tires . Electric drivetrains do require less , but how much less ? Cheaper cars tend to have cheaper parts , it does cost more to maintain a $ 30,000 car than a $ 15,000 one . On the other hand , if you are running a fleet , you will pick parts with the lowest total cost ( both purchase and maintenance , ) designing them to wear out at just the right times , and accounting and measuring the variability of that .
Cleaning is another unknown . If a passenger soils the interior in a way the internal camera sees , you can bill that to the passenger . You still will need exterior cleaning from time to time ( especially on the luxury services ) and at least a vacuum of the interior every so often . It will all be done very efficiently as cars pull up to the cleaning center . Robotic vacuuming is not out of the question since the cars will position themselves well and can move to help the vacuum robot . Exterior wash will be automated other than for tough things like bird droppings .
What are these small cars ?
I describe a number of ways a 1-2 person robotaxi might be very cheap in this article . Let 's go into more detail on why it might get manufactured for around $ 10K ( retail would be higher . ) Note that there are already many low-end 4 person gasoline cars which retail around $ 14,000 such as the Nissan Versa and Chevy Spark . Outside the USA , there are even cheaper cars , like the $ 8,000 Renault Twizzy . Some of these cars are full-width and come with dashboards full of stuff , pedals , wheels , doors , hatchbacks and more . They meet crash-safety standards and the rest of the FMVSS .
The basic commuter car will be :
Just over half the width and under 2/3 the length of these cars
Weigh perhaps half of those cars , using far fewer materials
Have no dashboard , no radio , no pedals , no wheel
Have only one door instead of 3 or 4 , and no trunk ( just an internal cargo area )
Have only 1-2 seats ( with associated airbags and components )
Have vastly fewer parts
In the urban version , not go over 45mph , allowing a low-cost motor
What it will have is a battery pack . At 100 watt-hours/mile , a 10kwh battery would give it 100 miles of range , more than enough with recharging breaks during the day to cover the average of 140 miles/day it will do as an urban taxi . The forecast cost of $ 150/kwh puts that pack at $ 1,500 . Expensive , but when combined with the much simpler electric motor power-train , a reasonable cost .
It will also have about $ 1,000 of sensors and computers in it . These prices get this low because these vehicles are made in the many hundreds of thousands , and eventually millions . It also has a few things not found in cheap cars , like a single power door lock .
The higher-end vehicle at $ 16,000 is pretty similar in design , but the extra money goes into making it more luxurious :
Better seats and interior materials , replaced more often
Better suspension for smoother ride
Better sound padding
A screen and sound system , or better ones than in the base vehicle
A distinctive exterior with better styling and fancier paint , to let people see you are in the higher end vehicle .
Power windows . ( Both cars have power locks , and neither car need seat position adjustments . )
Some fancier interior furniture ( tables , drink holders , laptop holders etc . )
Possibly a motorized door for easy entry ( one of the more expensive add-ons )
Possibly a sunroof ( but there will also be open-top cars for order if you want them and the weather is good . )
When I have examined the lists of luxury features on high-end cars , I have been surprised at how few of them are needed in the luxury robocar . Driver assist functions , 10-way motorized seats , motorized mirrors , telescoping , titling leather-wrapped heated steering wheels , fancy wheels , fancy lights and many other features pay no role in the robotaxi . Others will be less useful like fancy entertainment systems ( vs. noise canceling headphones and your mobile device . ) Look at the features of a typical luxury car and consider how many are less important or unimportant in a robocar .
My numbers are aggressive -- so if you doubt them , increase them . The result is still a robotaxi at a very low per-mile operating and capital cost , which means in a competitive market , it will be available at a price that easily competes with private car ownership , and even subsidized bus rides .
The rebuilding can not start soon enough for a club set to witness an exodus of talent
West Ham United : What happens next , player by player
Offers expected
Robert Green ( valuation £2m ) , goalkeeper , age 30
Pilloried after blunder for England v USA , they recovered form in the winter . Aston Villa are thought to be interested
Scott Parker ( valuation £10m ) , midfielder , age 30
Talismanic midfielder who was named footballer of the year . Likely to go to Tottenham after their long courtship
Carlton Cole ( valuation £5m ) , striker , age 27
England international who has looked out of sorts this season . Never scores enough goals and tries the fans ' patience
Demba Ba ( valuation £1.5m ) , striker , age 25
Has scored seven goals since joining in January and will leave , possibly to Fulham or Stoke City , if they can pass a medical
Mark Noble ( valuation £3.5m ) , midfielder , age 24
Energetic midfielder who brought drive to the midfield when partnered with Parker . Difficult to replace
James Tomkins ( valuation £3.5m ) , defender , age 22
Accomplished centre-half who has the composure and confidence to shine . Will attract offers from mid-table sides
Thomas Hitzlsperger ( valuation £2m ) , midfielder , age 29
Reported to have agreement that they can leave after relegation . Did well when they made late debut in February after injury
Out of contract
Matthew Upson , defender , age 32
The club captain was desperate to leave after two poor seasons and the owners have questioned their commitment
Danny Gabbidon , defender , age 31
Hammer of the Year in 2005-06 , their stock has fallen since and was fined by the FA for abusing Twitter 'haters '
Kieron Dyer , midfielder , age 32
Alan Curbishley 's £6m folly , whose £70,000 weekly wages and frequent absences have made David Sullivan rage
Jonathan Spector , defender , age 25
Ostensibly a defender where they have often appeared shaky . Improved in a midfield destroyer role later on
Lars Jacobsen , defender , age 31
Denmark right-back who joined on a free in August . A solid performer not helped by absence of O'Neil who offered cover
Zavon Hines , striker , age 22
Quick , agile forward who came back after 10 months out following knee surgery . Should not cost the earth to keep
Want to lose
Luis Boa Morte , midfielder , age 33
Out of contract at the end of last season having played one game . Boardroom geniuses gave them a two-year deal
Radoslav Kovac , midfielder , age 31
Former Czech international midfielder who seems to shrink on the field in anaemic displays of sideways passing
Julien Faubert , defender , age 27
Signed during Alan Curbishley 's 2007 spree , they lost the pace and confidence to thrive on wing and retreated to full-back
Manuel da Costa , defender , age 25
Strong but erratic centre-half with a year to go at the club . They have the presence to be a decent Championship player
Herita Ilunga , defender , age 29
Impressed under Gianfranco Zola but sidelined since Christmas by Avram Grant . Under contract until 2013
Winston Reid , defender , age 22
Good for New Zealand at the World Cup but has looked out of their depth at Upton Park , timid and positionally lax
Want to keep
Jack Collison , midfielder , age 21
Dynamic , box-to-box Wales midfielder who has just returned to first-team duty after 14 months out with a knee injury
Jordan Spence , defender , age 20
Former England Under-17 and U-18 captain . A ball-playing centre-half who has been likened to Rio Ferdinand
Freddie Sears , striker , age 21
Skilful , tenacious forward who operates on the right of a front three . Ended a three-year goal drought against Wolves
Frédéric Piquionne , striker , age 32
Fast , hard-running forward with six league goals but has also shown a lack of composure when chances fall to them
Gary O'Neil , midfielder , age 27
Impressed on the right after January transfer from Middlesbrough . Bad ankle injury will keep them out until October
Loanees returning
Robbie Keane , striker , age 30
Their proposed £6m transfer from Tottenham was torpedoed by relegation . Missed a sitter against Blackburn
Victor Obinna , striker , age 24
Avram Grant said they 'could be West Ham 's Dennis Bergkamp ' but they return to Inter with only three league goals
Wayne Bridge , defender , age 30
Improved after dreadful start in 3-0 defeat by Arsenal . Returns to Man City where they have a contract until June 2013
United States Supreme Court case
Clay v. United States , 403 U.S. 698 ( 1971 ) , was Muhammad Ali 's [ 1 ] appeal of their conviction in 1967 for refusing to report for induction into the United States military forces during the Vietnam War . Their local draft board had rejected their application for conscientious objector classification . In a unanimous 8-0 ruling ( Thurgood Marshall recused themselves due to their previous involvement in the case as a Justice department official ) , the United States Supreme Court reversed the conviction that had been upheld by the Fifth Circuit .
The Supreme Court found the government had failed to properly specify why Ali 's application had been denied , thereby requiring the conviction to be overturned . A unanimous decision ( 8–0 ) , `` the court said the record shows that [ Ali 's ] beliefs are founded on tenets of the Muslim religion as they understand them . `` [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Background [ edit ]
In 1964 , Ali failed the U.S. Armed Forces qualifying test because their writing and spelling skills were sub-standard . With the escalation of the Vietnam War , the test standards were lowered in November 1965 [ 5 ] and Ali was reclassified as 1-A in February 1966 , [ 6 ] [ 7 ] which meant they were now eligible for the draft and induction into the U.S. Army . When notified of this status , they declared that they would refuse to serve in the U.S. Army and publicly considered themselves a conscientious objector . Ali stated that `` War is against the teachings of the Holy Qur'an . I 'm not trying to dodge the draft . We are not supposed to take part in no wars unless declared by Allah or The Messenger . We do n't take part in Christian wars or wars of any unbelievers . '' Ali also famously said in 1966 : `` I ai n't got no quarrel with them Viet Cong ... They never called me nigger . `` [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
Ali appealed their local ( Louisville , Kentucky ) draft board 's rejection of their application for conscientious objector classification . [ 10 ] The Justice Department , in response to the State Appeal Board 's referral for an advisory recommendation , concluded , contrary to a hearing officer 's recommendation , that Ali 's claim should be denied , and wrote that board that Ali did not meet any of the three basic tests for conscientious objector status . The Appeal Board then denied Ali 's claim , but without stating its reasons .
In early 1967 , Ali changed their legal residence to Houston , Texas , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] where their appeal to be reclassified as a Muslim minister was denied 4-0 by the federal judicial district on February 20 . [ 13 ] They appeared for their scheduled induction into the U.S. Armed Forces in Houston on April 28 . As expected , Ali refused three times to step forward at the call of their name . An officer warned them they were committing a felony punishable by five years in prison and a fine of $ 10,000 . Once more , Ali refused to budge when their name was called . As a result , on that same day , the New York State Athletic Commission suspended their boxing license and the World Boxing Association stripped them of their title . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] Other boxing commissions followed suit . They were indicted by a federal grand jury on May 8 [ 16 ] and convicted in Houston on June 20 of the criminal offence of violating the Selective Service laws by refusing to be drafted . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] The trial jury was composed of six men and six women , all of whom were white . [ 19 ] The Court of Appeals affirmed the conviction and denied the appeal on May 6 , 1968 . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
In the U.S. Supreme Court , the government conceded the invalidity of two of the grounds for denial of petitioner 's claim given in its letter to the appeal board , but argued that there was factual support for the third ground .
Opinion of the Court [ edit ]
The Supreme Court decision was handed down on June 28 , 1971 . The Supreme Court held that , since the appeal board gave no reason for the denial of a conscientious objector exemption to petitioner , and it is impossible to determine on which of the three grounds offered in the Justice Department 's letter that board relied , Ali 's 1967 conviction must be reversed . The Eugene Register-Guard , reporting on the Court 's record , cited `` ... the boxer 's beliefs 'are surely no less religiously based ' than those in previous cases . `` [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 22 ] The Court incorporated Welsh v. United States , in which the Court `` had ruled that moral and ethical objection to war was as valid as religious objection , thus broadening the qualifications . `` [ 23 ]
Bob Woodward and Scott Armstrong provide an account of the development of the decision in their book The Brethren . According to that account , Justice Marshall had recused themselves because they had been U.S . Solicitor General when the case began , [ citation needed ] and the remaining eight justices initially voted 5 to 3 to uphold Ali 's conviction . However , Justice Harlan , assigned to write the majority opinion , became convinced that Ali 's claim to be a conscientious objector was sincere after reading background material on Black Muslim doctrine provided by one of their law clerks . To the contrary , Justice Harlan concluded that the claim by the Justice Department had been a misrepresentation . Harlan changed their vote , tying the vote at 4 to 4 . A deadlock would have resulted in Ali being jailed for draft evasion and , since no opinions are published for deadlocked decisions , they would have never known why they had lost . A compromise proposed by Justice Stewart , in which Ali 's conviction would be reversed citing a technical error by the Justice Department , gradually won unanimous assent from the eight voting justices . [ 24 ]
See also [ edit ]
Muhammad Ali 's Greatest Fight , a 2013 television film about the Supreme Court 's deliberations on this case
Jess ( Zooey Deschanel ) tries desperately to become the principal of their school , Winston ( Lamorne Morris ) does undercover duties and Nick ( Jake Johnson ) tries to find the perfect wedding gift for Cece ( Hannah Simone ) and Schmidt ( Max Greenfield ) on “ New Girl ” season 6 , episode 8 ( New Girl 6x08 ) .
Spoiler alert : This recap contains plot details about season 6 of “ New Girl. ” The sixth season premiered Sept. 20 . The show is available in Australia via Tenplay .
Jess gets the opportunity to become the principal of their school . The current principal , Genevieve ( Lucy Punch ) , plans to put up their own school . Jess terribly fails to impress the president of the Parents ' Council , Ed ( David Hornsby ) , when they first meet .
Winston tests their undercover skills and pretends to be James Wonder , a landscape architect . They go to Jess ' school and makes a good impression on Ed and Genevieve , who flirts with him . Genevieve tells Jess that the parents do n't want them as the school 's next principal , but they ultimately agree to help them after Jess discloses where Ed and “ James ” are set to have dinner .
At the restaurant , both Genevieve and “ James ” try to convince Ed that Jess is going to do great as the new principal but they disagree , saying Jess ' proposed math program is not appropriate . Winston falters and almost reveals themselves before Jess storms in to save him . In a desperate attempt to get their vote , Jess tells Ed that they are cancelling their math program . They finally get their endorsement after they agree to every suggestion they make .
At the council meeting , Jess is forced to confront Ed and the other parents after they offer a number of questionable proposals . They tell them that they are going to be a principal for the kids , not the parents . They all applaud them after they make a lengthy speech .
Nick , meanwhile , is freaking out because they still do n't know what to give Cece and Schmidt as a wedding gift . They later gets a tattoo of the married couple on their leg which made Cece and Schmidt uncomfortable . They eventually tell them to have the tattoo removed but Nick gets themselves further inked , adding Jess and Winston into the picture .
Clare Clancy , The Canadian Press
LAC LA RONGE , Sask . -- People in a northern Saskatchewan community were struggling Wednesday to understand the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old boy and the alleged abduction of their girlfriend .
Police continued to search for Jonas Budd , 43 , who is a suspect in the killing and is wanted as part of an Amber Alert that was cancelled after 17-year-old Kayla Natomagan was found unharmed near Cranberry Portage in Manitoba .
Tammy Cook-Searson , chief of the Lac La Ronge First Nation , said the entire community was in shock .
`` It 's so senseless , '' they said . `` This is a tragic event ... we 're trying to deal with what has occurred and all the events that have unfolded . ''
Family and friends identified the dead teen as Dustin Bird , they said , adding that they were `` a positive young man and a strong community member . '' They had been dating Kayla .
Officers responded to a report of a gunshot at Kayla 's home in Lac La Ronge shortly after 3 a.m .
Police , who have not publicly confirmed Bird 's identity , said they found one person dead at the scene . Kayla was `` forcibly removed '' from the home , they said .
They were found hours later near Cranberry Portage , about 450 kilometres away from Lac La Ronge , but police said Budd fled on foot into the bush . They were believed to be armed and dangerous .
Cook-Searson said Budd is the former boyfriend of Kayla 's mother , who had a restraining order against him .
They said the community gathered at Dustin 's school to support their family and friends in their grief .
`` He was doing really well in school , all their teachers liked him , '' they said . `` His grandma says they would stop in and check on her , chopping wood and making kindling . They were just a well-rounded person . ''
Budd 's brother , Glenn Budd , said they hoped the matter would end peacefully without further bloodshed .
`` He 's somewhere out there , '' they said , adding that they were concerned for Budd 's safety .
They said if they could speak to their younger brother they would tell them to `` give themselves up , do n't hurt anybody . ''
RCMP Sgt . Craig Cleary said Budd is known to police . They are described as being about five-foot-nine-inches tall , weighing 170 pounds and with black hair and brown eyes .
Cleary said Budd has several tattoos , including images of a bear paw on their left forearm , an eagle head on their left calf and a ribbon with the name `` Nicole '' spelled out on their left shin . They also have images of feathers tattooed on their upper back .
Crown prosecutor Luke Coupal said an arrest warrant had been issued for Budd just hours before the shooting , on charges of break and enter and mischief dating back to an alleged incident in early October at the home of Natomagan 's mother .
They had been scheduled to appear in court Wednesday but did n't show up .
Whether you loved or hated # thedress debate that consumed the Internet last week ( is it black and blue or white and gold ? ? ) , you might want to pay attention to this .
The Southern African branch of the Salvation Army has tweeted an image of a potent new ad that repurposed the mind-boggling viral content to make something that is likely to seem a little more meaningful .
Why is it so hard to see black and blue ? One in 6 women are victims of abuse . # StopAbuseAgainstWomen pic.twitter.com/FgDdKdsMMb — TheSalvationArmySA ( @ SalvationArmySA ) March 6 , 2015
The image shows a woman covered in bruises wearing a white and gold dress . It is accompanied by a powerful message about domestic violence : “ Why is it so hard to see black and blue ? ”
“ The only illusion is if you think it was their choice , ” the ad notes . “ One in 6 women are victims of abuse . Stop abuse against women . ”
[ The most important Super Bowl commercial you need to see is about domestic violence ]
The ad was designed by the Ireland/Davenport agency in Johannesburg and was placed in the Cape Times Newspaper on Friday morning , a Salvation Army spokesperson said .
“ They linked it to the work TSA [ the Salvation Army ] does with abused women and children and trafficked women , ” Carin A. Holmes of the Salvation Army 's Southern Africa territory told The Washington Post in an e-mail . “ We have two homes for abused women and children , Carehaven in Cape Town and Beth Shan in Johannesburg . TSA in South Africa brings awareness to this problem , which is huge . ”
Hours after the ad began garnering attention , the Salvation Army in Canada tweeted out the same image produced by the Southern Africa territory .
[ In Grammy video , Obama says of rape , ‘ It 's not okay – and it has to stop ' ]
Brands do n't always make the best decisions about how to make use of viral content . But this time , it appears the Salvation Army stuck the right tone .
i love this ad by Salvation Army on domestic abuse . pic.twitter.com/h6CVioABn9 — Matthew Dowd ( @ matthewjdowd ) March 6 , 2015
Excellent campaign by the Salvation Army . 'The only illusion is if you think it was their choice . ' pic.twitter.com/N6WvHlpH0a — Amy Abrahams ( @ Amy_Abrahams ) March 6 , 2015
MORE READING :
SVU 's Mariska Hargitay says no more to rape and domestic violence
The inside story of the ‘ white dress , blue dress ' drama that divided a planet
Oregon-based Deschutes Brewery recently scouted sites in Asheville , Charleston and Greenville , S.C. , as it searches for a location for a new East Coast brewery , according to a recent report by the Bend Bulletin . From bendbulletin.com :
( Michael ) LaLonde ( company president at Deschutes ) and brewery founder and CEO Gary Fish were in North Carolina and Virginia last week , on the hunt for a brewery site . The company has reportedly scouted locations in Greenville , South Carolina , and Charleston , South Carolina , and Asheville , North Carolina . Fish was silent on which location , if any , has the edge . “ We are still fully engaged in the process , ” they said Tuesday . “ We 've given ourselves to the end of the year to make a decision . It 's an exciting process to be part of , but there 's nothing to announce at this point . ”
The note about the expansion came as part of a story about Karl Ockert , who was recently hired as director of brewing operations at Deschutes . Ockert will be part of the design and planning of the new brewery , according to the Bulletin . Ockert 's history with the craft beer industry in Oregan dates back to its beginnings , as they helped start BridgePort Brewing Co. in Portland in 1984 , the site reports .
Deschutes Brewery , the sixth-largest craft brewer in the U.S. with distribution in 28 states , confirmed to the Asheville Citizen-Times in April that it was looking at potential sites around Asheville , including a 137-acre site that Buncombe County commissioners bought from Henderson County officials for $ 6.8 million for an economic development project . The property is in Bent Creek and sits along the French Broad River .
CONCACAF Champions League action is back .
[ LIVE : Stream every PL game live ]
Three teams from Major League Soccer remain in the tournament as an all-MLS tie takes place at Red Bull Arena on Wednesday between the Whitecaps and New York Red Bulls .
The first leg of their quarterfinal will provide an intriguing peek as to the offseason work both Carl Robinson and Jesse Marsch have done to crank their teams up a few notches , as both clubs will rely on plenty of young talent once again this season . Marsch has handed the captains armband to U.S. national team midfielder Sacha Kljestan after Dax McCarty 's departure in the offseason , while the Whitecaps have never lost at RBA in three previous visits .
Former Seattle Sounders star Fredy Montero wo n't make their debut for the ‘ Caps as they continue to work on their fitness but they could play on Mar . 2 in the return game at BC Place , while this tie at least confirms that one MLS team will be in the semifinals of North America 's top club competition .
[ MORE : All of PST 's MLS coverage ]
Reigning MLS Supporters ' Shield champs FC Dallas also kick off the first leg of their CCL quarterfinal against Arabe Unido from Panama on Wednesday as the Texas outfit host the opener before heading down to Central America next week for the second leg . New DP signing Cristian Colman has impressed and given the absence of the injured Mauro Diaz , Oscar Pareja will look at them to make Dallas ' offense tick against a Panamanian outfit who went a perfect 4-0-0 in the CCL group stage .
In the two other CCL quarterfinals not involving MLS clubs , Costa Rican powerhouse Deportivo Saprissa drew 0-0 at home against Liga MX side Pachuca on Tuesday in the first leg of their quarterfinal . El Tri star Hirving Lozano was kept quiet by Saprissa but Pachuca will fancy their chances of advancing with a home game to come in the second leg . On Wednesday two Liga MX teams do battle as Tigres host Pumas in Monterrey as the runners-up from last season look to make another charge to the final .
Below is the full schedule for the CCL quarterfinals , while you can stream the games on Facebook Live here .
CCL quarterfinal 1st legs
Deportivo Saprissa 0-0 Pachuca – Played on Tuesday , Feb. 21
New York Red Bulls vs. Vancouver – Wednesday , 8 p.m . ET
Tigres UANL vs. Pumas – Wednesday , 10 p.m . ET
FC Dallas vs. Arabe Unido – Thursday , 8 p.m . ET
CCL quarterfinal 2nd legs
Pachuca vs. Deportivo Saprissa – Tuesday , Feb. 28 – 10 p.m . ET
Arabe Unido vs. FC Dallas – Wednesday , Mar . 1 – 8 p.m . ET
Pumas vs. Tigres UANL – Wednesday , Mar . 1 – 10 p.m . ET
Vancouver Whitecaps vs. New York Red Bulls – Thursday , Mar . 2 – 10 p.m . ET
Follow @ JPW_NBCSports
Packaging Sculpt Paint Articulation Accessories Final Thoughts From the source material to the conception of the figure , Elizabeth is an entirely unique character . She 's got a great sculpt and paint job and a reasonable amount of articulation . The only small problem is that there can be a little difficulty in making them stand . Get hunting folks ! Overall Score 4.9 BUY IT NOW ! Your Rating Readers Rating
0 votes 0 To search eBay for this figure : CLICK HERE
To date , 2013 's first quarter has produced a fantastic selection . From Lego 's superb ninth installment of their blindbag minifigures to NECA 's take on the 25th Anniversary of '87 's Predator , collectors are truly given a spectacular variety . Among all this , one figure stands out , and has since its announcement at Toy Fair 2012 . While they do n't seem to fit the excitement of the rest , the NECA Bioshock Infinite Elizabeth Figure certainly should be on your list . They may not pack the action of Predator 's Dutch , or the comedy of Claptrap from Borderlands , but they are absolutely captivating and goes toe to toe with the best .
Irrational Games once again teamed up with NECA toys to bring us figures from their Bioshock universe . Opening the Infinite line is the mysterious Lamb of Columbia , the sun of the game 's galaxy , Elizabeth . As a core character , they are a fantastic choice to start with . There are a number of descriptions that typically follow when purchasing a good figure : fantastic , impressive , and great addition are just a few . Never have I purchased a figure where the first way to describe it was beautiful . This is a remarkably good looking figure .
Packaging
I apologize for not having a studio in package shot ; I opened them before I planned to do a review . However I can provide a car shot I used for Twitter . They feature the tried-and true , slim NECA clamshell , which in itself is a double edged sword . If you know NECA ( or McFarlane ) , you are familiar with this item . If you are n't , I suggest you start collecting NECA . It is not mint-on-card collector friendly , but if you do like to keep your figures sealed , the packaging is very elegant through its minimalism , bringing attention to the figure itself rather than gaudy box art . Upon freeing them from their plastic cage , you will find Elizabeth with a single twisty-tie around their waist , the usual high-quality print used for the background , and its matching wraparound . They come with no accessories , which is a bit of a disappointment , but I assume this is because of the costs of a mixed media outfit . You can equip them with books from Hobby Lobby 's Mayberry Street Miniatures line , as seen in many of the pictures here . A pack of three featuring two books with real pages and one made of wood are $ 2.47 and look excellent with them
Note : I would be delicate of removal as their limbs extend through the inner tray at their forearms .
Sculpt
In a market of male-dominated characters , it is absolutely a breath of fresh air to add a female to the masses . Elizabeth holds their own as an entirely unique entity for numerous reasons , beginning with gender , but more importantly , it 's their exceptional design and quality that sets them apart .
Elizabeth is roughly 6.5 ” tall , scaling in with all NECA , most classic McFarlane products , and of course , your original Bioshock and Bioshock 2 figures .
Them portrait is beautiful . It is very well done , capturing the semi-stylized nature of the Bioshock franchise exquisitely . They certainly wo n't look of the same “ realistic ” universe as say , Ezio Auditore or Gordon Freeman .
Them head is slightly enlarged ( not as if she 's suffering from a case of cephalomegaly or anything ) but just enough to capture Irrational 's art style . Them eyes share this feature , but those are saved for the paint breakdown . Elizabeth is slender , with a narrow waist due to the corset , which is perfectly period appropriate .
They are garbed in a muted , cobalt blue , chest length jacket featuring a popped lapel and white cuffs . Beneath the coat lies a pearlescent white corset with nice horizontal rippling , interrupted by vertical streaks and a minimally ruffled edge along the bust . A matching blue , floor length dress with white trim ( presumably representing a period appropriate underdress ) and ( surprisingly , fully sculpted and detailed ) drawers are also worn beneath . Them feet are sealed in heeled shoes , tied with decorative loopy laces . Concluding the look is a ribbon adorned by a small ( yet printed ) decorative image about their neck . Across all garments are appropriate accents , such as buttons along their corset and cuffs .
With vibrant color and unique design , Elizabeth truly stands out in a collection . While the jacket , corset , drawers , necklace , and shoes are all sculpted , the dress is a soft , velvet fabric with a lace-like trim affixed to the bottom . It is to be applauded that the color of the fabric is very close , not exact , but incredibly similar to the paint and thus is certainly acceptable . I doubt anyone would complain about it .
Usually , I dislike mixed media on a figure in this scale . I have always had a gripe with it ; fabric leads to oversized , unbalanced looks when done wrong ( in my opinion ) . It tends to look too far removed from the plastic garments in to sculpt to be “ natural. ” This conundrum is not the case here , not in the slightest . The proportion , thickness , and appearance are executed with extreme accuracy , yielding a dress that does not restrict the solid articulation nor aesthetically deter from the overall presentation .
I 'd like to bring a bit of attention to their hands ; there are two things I found that I felt should be addressed .
Right Hand – On this hand , their pinky is abnormally short . When I first opened mine I took no notice ; it was only until later I realized this abnormality . To clarify , they are all like this . It is game accurate .
Left Hand – Unfortunately the mold lines are a bit prevalent here . Not overly so , but they are present . I assume your mileage will vary here . Perhaps this represents scarring and accurate to the game , I am unsure .
Unfortunately , Elizabeth has one problem . Making their stand is difficult , most likely attributed to the shape of the boots . The upside to this is that their feet are pegged for a stand ; the downside is that they do not come with one . The good news is that NECA is attempting to make stands available for purchase this year . I would not let this deter you from picking them up by any means .
Articulation
Speaking of articulation , Elizabeth is certainly flexible . While they may not be a ToyBiz super articulated Spider-Man , they are nowhere near a McFarlane Sarah Connor .
Comprised of well-hidden joints , Elizabeth from head to toe features 17 points :
Ball jointed neck –The tried and true method that is aesthetically pleasing , works well here . They have a near full range of motion that is hindered only when looking up , reaching approximately 20o , a bit more in other directions .
Swivel-hinged shoulders – They can reach a full 360o rotation as well as bring their arms to a near 180o line .
Swivel-hinged elbows – A full 360 o rotation is achievable , as well as flexion of their forearm to nearly 90o . They can not hyperextend the joint backwards due to sculpt .
Ball jointed wrists – A generic ball joint provides 360o rotation , yet not much extension , flexion , abduction , or adduction due to the cuffs of the jacket .
Ball-jointed abdomen – A surprise hidden joint allows for minimal rotation around the abdomen . The corset restricts this greatly .
Swivel-hinged hips – Akin to NECA 's Rocky line , or Marvel Legends , this provides a good range of motion , right under a 180o line and full 360o rotation .
Swivel thigh – The Ball jointed hips are connected to the…thigh joint ! The basic swivel provides a 360o rotation directly below the hips .
Swivel-hinged knees – A full 360 o rotation is achievable as well as flexing their knee to nearly 90o . To sculpt does n't hinder forward movement allows for extension and flexion to the asupervisorstioned near 90o in both directions .
Ball-jointed ankles – A generic ball joint provides 360o rotation , yet little extension , flexion , abduction , or adduction due to the cuffs of the shoes . However there is enough to balance out natural poses .
Note : All points of articulation below waistline are under the constraint that the skirt is not down , as it will restrict in extreme poses .
Paint
The paint really shines on this figure , and certainly exceeds the expectation of a store-shelf figure . In fact , I would say Elizabeth is on par with higher end paint applications , such as a Revoltech Jack Sparrow or Play Arts Kai Adam Jenson . The slop is incredibly minimal , impressively low if at all present .
Skin – The skin very well done , it is exceptionally even and does not look over-applied .
Note : I do believe it is subject to be marred easily . I saw a few that had what looked like black scratches . Pick accordingly and be delicate . I actually waited for Toys R Us to stock these instead of buying from my local Hastings a week before due to this .
Eyes – Earlier I mentioned their size , and because of this attribute , NECA was able to capture something that normally could n't be done . My goodness , these eyes are absolutely fantastic . I am not aware if these are actually painted or simply decos but , wow . They really pop and make the figure stand out . They feature a pitch black pupil surrounded by a jade-green iris that fades to sky-blue , complete with snow white glare detail .
Note : I HIGHLY suggest you seek this figure out in store . The eyes are very intricate and consequently can be hit and miss . It would take far more talent to rectify the issue at home ; removing the existing details and replacing it accurately would prove to be rather difficult . While the bodies and hair seemed to be fairly universal , the eyes varied throughout the case . I 'd like to think the one I picked is near perfect , and since my purchase , I 've seen only one that is marginally , yet for the most part unremarkably , better . I 'm providing a picture of an extreme example found on the hunt .
Freckles – Impressively , Elizabeth has patches of faint freckles below their eyes passing across arches of their checks . They are so minimal that you might miss them if you do n't look , but they are there .
Hair – To my assumption , their hair has three colors in it , a base of dark brown and a wash of black and reddish-brown highlights . What 's significant here is that none of this appears streaky ; it blends very well and looks quite natural .
Note : My figure featured a small , reddish-brown speck on the front bundle of hair going across their forehead . While I opted for the figure with the better eyes , assuming I 'd have to touch up the strand , it turned out to be a bit of fuzz covered paint . A toothpick popped it right off .
Facial Details – All are done cleanly , and contrast the skin well .
Necktie – The necktie is in to sculpt . Historically thing details such as this can pose a threat to the skin 's paint application . I can say with relief that the work here is solid . The actual image in the circular gold frame/adornment is a tampo with a black background . The neck tie is blue with white detailing .
Note : While fairly unnoticeable , the blue ribbon does not reach the skin all the way . Nevertheless it is solid work that I presume is intended to be , so that it does not mar the skin 's paint .
Drawers – While they are completely out of sight , the drawers are detailed and painted just like the rest of the figure ; this is an unnecessary , yet nice addition .
Boots –The boots feature painted grey laces as well as the asupervisorstioned dry brushing .
Outfit – The cobalt blue portions of their jacket feature a dark blue/black wash to provide depth , while their corset features a light grey wash to tone down and balance the bright color . Them cuffs are straight white , drawing distinction between the corset and them . In addition ; the boots have a nice grey dry brushing . As stated before , all buttons and things of such nature are cleanly done with minimal slop .
Overall :
So conclusively , where does that leave us ?
Positives +
Very unique in a collection
Elizabeth features a very solid paint application , one that rivals higher-end midrange figures .
A nice collection of well-hidden articulation provides for a wide variety of expectedly game-accurate poses .
The mixed media outfit is exceptionally well done , does n't look big , and blends together perfectly .
Neutral
Your mileage may very on the paint application of the eyes , resulting in a gamble if you like to order your items
Mold lines may be prevalent on the hands
Negatives –
Difficult to stand independently
Lacks accessories , notably a stand
Verdict :
I Must-Buy
From the source material to the conception of the figure , Elizabeth is an entirely unique character . They are n't a sex icon , a scantily clad Witchblade , or overly exaggerated Power Girl ; they are , in the best way , normal , and normal is nice . It 's something hard to come by in the collecting world these days and it 's quite appreciated . They show realistic beauty and offsets a predominantly male product market . Get hunting folks !
Where To Buy
UPDATE : If you are interested in buying the NECA Bioshock Infinite Elizabeth Figure , your best bet is eBay . Click this link to search eBay for this NECA BioShock Infinite Elizabeth action figure .
Weston is an avid collector , student , and diorama creator . Video games and cinema are the theme of their collection , and when studies or collecting yield extra time , you can find them in a sketchbook . Check out their website !
POTUS insists that US is investigating reports of attacks , but implies that chlorine may not justify action against Syria .
Widespread reports of chlorine gas attacks in Syria have not been prevented - or acted upon - because chlorine is not `` historically '' considered a chemical weapon , US President Barack Obama stated Thursday .
Obama was forced to answer the chlorine question during a press conference from a summit at Camp David with leaders of the Gulf states . Syria and Iran were key issues at the conference .
However , when pressed about chlorine , Obama evaded defining it as a `` weapon , '' noting that it has many other non-threatening uses , as caught in this footage from the Washington Free Beacon .
`` Chlorine itself is not listed as a chemical weapon , '' they insisted , referring to the US 's pledge against chemical weapons use in Syria .
In their response , Obama made reference to the Organization for Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) , which indeed supervised the liquidation of Syria 's sarin gas over a year-long process that ended in late 2014 .
However , the chemical watchdog indeed concluded in January `` with a high degree of confidence '' that chlorine gas had been used in attacks on three villages in Syria last year .
Both UN and US officials have said that they are investigating the claims .
`` There is mounting evidence of repeated use of chlorine '' in Syria , a United Nations Security Council diplomat said to AFP last week . `` There is a proposal for a mechanism which would allow relevant experts to have the right kind of access to answer the questions about attribution . ''
`` We are actively engaged in conversations with UN colleagues regarding the continued use of chlorine as a weapon in Syria , '' a US official added . `` The Security Council must address the need to determine who is responsible for using chlorine chemicals as weapons in Syria . ''
Photos have surfaced just this week exposing at least one major chemical attack - if not several - in the Syrian province of Idlib .
Gil Ronen contributed to this report .
Telstra
Australian streaming video fans have often wondered if or when the popular US set-top box Roku would arrive in this country . Well now the wait is over , though a licensing and rebrand as Telstra TV may surprise and disappoint .
Announced in a blogpost on Telstra Exchange on Tuesday , Telstra will add the Roku 2 device to its stable of set-top box offerings under the Telstra TV label . In announcing the September launch , Telstra flagged Presto ( a Foxtel-owned service ) , Stan ( a Fairfax and Channel Nine co-owned service ) and Netflix as key streaming services to be available through the box , as well as `` a selection of TV catch up services and latest release movies from Bigpond Movies . ''
The streaming video market has exploded in Australia this year with the arrival of Netflix and the launch of local services Stan and Presto . The fight for subscribers has become hotter than ever , particularly for incumbent Foxtel , which has dropped prices aggressively in the face of new streaming competitors . As a Foxtel stakeholder , this Telstra TV launch could be seen as a move to hedge Telstra 's bets should the scales tip out of Foxtel 's favour in future .
Roku has become a very popular set-top box in the US , Canada and the UK , competing most directly with Apple TV and Chromecast streaming devices . The Roku 2 is a device similarly sized to an Apple TV , a small package that is easy to find a space for in any home entertainment setup . In our US review of the Roku 2 in the US , the product received a score of 9.1 and an Editor 's Choice award in April this year .
However , in reviewing the US version of the product , David Katzmaier points to the product 's `` equal opportunity streaming '' as a key strength . As a platform that does n't sell content itself , `` its interface does n't prioritize any source of content over another . '' This may not be the case as a Telstra product where Bigpond Movies is a service the company may want to force into the foreground .
The Roku experience is noted for its ability to search for content across all available services , so you can find what you want to watch directly from the main interface rather than having to search within Stan or Presto or Netflix separately to find what you want to watch .
As a Telstra-licensed product , it is expected the device will only be available to Telstra broadband customers , so fans of the Roku platform on other ISPs will be sorely disappointed .
Telstra told Fairfax full pricing and details of included apps will be released on September 10 .
TRENTON — When Gov . Chris Christie signed a law three years ago that required new public employees to reside in the state , the logic was simple : If you are paid by New Jersey taxpayers , you should call New Jersey your home .
But there was a consequence Christie and the law 's sponsors did n't see coming , according to lawmakers . It became a barrier for New Jersey school districts to attract young prospective teachers , administrators and even potential superintendents who live in nearby states .
Now , some of the Legislature 's most powerful members are working to roll back the residency requirement for school district employees in nearly half of New Jersey 's counties .
`` Sometimes residency requirements sound good on paper , but if they have the potential to exclude a whole group of qualified people , especially in the teaching field , they can be short-sighted , '' said state Sen. Peter Barnes ( D-Middlesex ) , a sponsor .
Barnes said Senate President Stephen Sweeney ( D-Gloucester ) asked them to sponsor the bill . Sweeney did not respond to a request for comment .
The bill is moving rapidly . It was introduced less than two weeks ago and already has a hearing scheduled for tomorrow in the Senate state government committee . In the Assembly , it is sponsored by Majority Leader Lou Greenwald ( D-Camden ) .
Greenwald said he 's heard the law has been particularly troublesome in attracting teachers who live in Philadelphia to work in nearby Camden .
`` It 's always been about putting the best quality teacher in front of kids . That 's where education begins , '' Greenwald said . `` We 're trying to figure out a way , because we 've heard from people who struggled with the residency requirement . ''
Under the New Jersey First Act , which took effect in September 2011 , public employees from all levels of New Jersey government — state , county , municipal , schools and independent authorities — are required to move to New Jersey within one year of taking the job .
Employees who already lived out of state when the law took effect were exempted , and new hires could only get out of the requirement if a committee found they demonstrated a `` critical need or hardship . ''
Under the bill ( S2169 ) , new employees of school districts in 10 counties near the New York or Pennsylvania border would not be bound by the residency requirement : Bergen , Essex , Hudson , Passaic , Sussex , Warren , Hunterdon , Mercer , Burlington and Camden .
The bill would establish a pilot program requiring school districts to report each year to the Department of Education on its impact . After three years , the Department of Education would recommend whether to keep or scrap the exemptions .
The bill would need Christie 's approval to become law , but he 's not saying how they feel about it . Their spokesperson , Kevin Roberts , said the governor would review the bill if it reaches their desk .
A Star-Ledger analysis of the decisions by the Employee Residency Review Committee — which was set up to decide whether employees should be exempt from the law — found that out of 184 `` hardship '' requests heard this year , 114 were from school district employees . The vast majority of those — 90 — were approved for a temporary or permanent exemption .
Of the remaining 70 requests for exemptions , 51 came from state workers , along with seven who worked for counties , seven for the judiciary , two from towns , two from universities and one from an independent authority . A total of 52 were granted .
Lawmakers said they have no way of knowing how many potential teachers or superintendents declined to take jobs in New Jersey because of the requirement .
`` You do n't know who does n't apply for jobs . And we do n't really have any way of knowing who withdraws when they find out there 's a residency requirement , '' said Steve Baker , a spokesperson for the New Jersey Education Association . `` We do know that we 've had a number of members who have applied for the exemption for hardships . ''
Mike Vrancik , director of governmental relations for the New Jersey School Boards Association , said he 's heard of problems attracting superintendents .
`` If a person is potentially going to be hired by a district and they say I 'll apply for a waiver , it creates some reluctance on the part of the district ( to hire them ) , '' they said .
Both the School Boards Association and the New Jersey Education Association support the bill , though Baker said he 'd like to see the residency requirement repealed altogether .
Even the school reform group Better Education for Kids , a billionaire-funded nonprofit that typically butts heads with the NJEA , is pushing for it .
`` It makes sense . How could you cross off all those potential people who could serve your kids ? '' said Shelley Skinner , an education activist who runs the philanthropic arm of Better Education for Kids .
Bill Dressel , executive director of the League of Municipalities , said mayors and elected officials from towns and cities may wonder why lawmakers would make the exception for teachers and not their employees . `` ... without a doubt there are going to be raised questions and concerns from municipal governments that if an exception is good in this particular case , why not us ? '' they said .
Barnes said they understand the concern , but noted that a bill that 's too far-reaching would not stand much of a chance of advancing .
`` I will keep an open mind on everything else , '' they said . `` But I do n't want to make it so broad that I 'm not going to get the support I hope to get this thing done . ''
TAMPA , Fla. – A league-record 18 USL clubs will participate in the 2017 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup when the tournament kicks off this May with the largest field in its history , as announced by U.S. Soccer on Wednesday . The field also includes a record 21 Premier Development League teams .
The clubs within the world 's largest Division II league will enter the tournament in the Second Round , with Reno 1868 FC set to make its debut alongside some of the Open Cup 's historic names from the USL as it pursues glory in the 104th edition of the legendary tournament .
“ As always , we look forward to the competition and opportunity the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup brings to the soccer landscape every year , ” said USL President Jake Edwards . “ The growth of the tournament 's visibility , in large part because of memorable runs made by USL clubs in the past , have made the Open Cup one of the highlights of the season every year for our teams . ”
A total of 56 Open Division clubs , which includes the PDL teams , will begin the tournament in the First Round on May 10 . Teams from Division II enter on May 17 in the Second Round . Clubs from Major League Soccer will enter in the Fourth Round , which will be played on June 14 .
Nationally , this approach has been putting up diminishing returns .
In Maine , Maryland and Washington , referendums on gay marriage passed . In Alabama , voters selected Roy Moore , who said that same-sex marriage would lead to “ the ultimate destruction of our country , ” as chief justice of the State Supreme Court .
Many Southern Republicans said that the lessons of Tuesday could be overlearned , and that the message was not the problem — it was the messengers , or at least the messaging .
“ I do n't think for a second Republicans ought to change what we believe and what we stand for , ” said Andy Taggart , a lawyer in Madison , Miss. , and a former executive director of the state Republican Party . “ I do think we could do a more effective job of communicating that . ”
Nearly everyone admits that the party will have to broaden its demographic appeal . But for state-level politics across much of the region , there is no reason to be in a hurry . The racial and partisan divide is nearly absolute in the Deep South , with a Democratic Party that is almost entirely black and a Republican Party that is almost entirely white . That electoral math favors the Republicans — for now .
Hispanics are moving in ever greater number to the region , having already put Florida in play and given some long-term optimism to Democrats in Texas , Georgia and even South Carolina . And in any case , politics does not take place in a vacuum . Strict laws aimed at illegal immigrants in Alabama and Georgia — and more crucially , the often hard-nosed talk that surrounded them — may remain widely popular in those states , but some say they are hurting the Republican brand nationwide .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ You may consolidate support in a very limited region of the country , ” said Fernand Amandi , managing partner of Bendixen & Amandi International , a public opinion research firm that specializes in the views of Hispanics . “ But the century and the times and the demography are quickly passing the Republicans by . ”
Some former Southern governors , like Haley Barbour of Mississippi , Mike Huckabee of Arkansas and Jeb Bush of Florida , have encouraged a softer stance on immigration , arguing that key planks in the Republican platform could be attractive to Hispanic voters . But as Gov . Rick Perry of Texas learned in the Republican primary , much of the party 's faithful want not only tough laws on immigration but tough talk as well .
Any incentive for Southern Republicans to change is minimized by the fact that the current approach is working so well . The success of Democrats and liberal initiatives at the national level provides appetizing political fodder to Southern Republicans . The more national Democrats who back same-sex marriage , the harder it will be for Southern Democrats to win . But national political victories have local policy consequences .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ If the Republicans do n't adapt and the Democrats become the dominant party , the government is going to start imposing policies on the Southern states , ” said David A. Bositis , a senior research associate at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies .
Changing direction , even simply changing tone , is particularly difficult for a party that identifies itself as one of moral values , not of mere policy ideas . In Tennessee , which has among the highest percentages of evangelical voters in the country , the perception that a candidate shared a voter 's values was the key factor in who got that resident 's vote , said Ken Blake the director of the Office of Communication Research at Middle Tennessee State University .
“ The national party has to change fast , and so what happens as the national party begins backpedaling ? ” they asked . “ How are they going to keep that local coalition if nationally they 're something else ? ”
This is exactly what troubles some of the South 's staunch social conservatives , who wonder whether the party in the coming years will feel compelled to put politics over principles .
The Rev . Brady Cooper , the pastor of New Vision Baptist Church in Murfreesboro , Tenn. , said they had heard acquaintances in the days since the election speculating that social issues cost the Republicans the White House . To a degree , they were probably right , Mr. Cooper said . But they said that they could not abandon their values to win elections , and was increasingly moving away from politics .
“ I 'm kind of disillusioned more and more with the political process , ” Mr. Cooper said . “ One of their top priorities is being re-elected , and that kind of drives a lot of decisions that they make . And it means obviously going with the trends of the culture as opposed to the truth . ”
Spent-Grain Bread August 26 , 2011
Or , “ Beer Bread , Minus The Beer ” .
Homebrewing is on the rise . In 2010 , according to a press release from the American Homebrewers ' Association , 82 % of homebrew supply shops “ saw an increase in sales of beginner [ homebrew ] kits ” , which means , well , more folks are getting into the hobby .
Last summer , I started homebrewing , also from a beginner 's kit . My friend Jack and I journeyed over to Perfect Brewing Supply in Libertyville , and I snatched up Jack 's father 's old carboy , as well as some of their other old brewing supplies . Jack and I made a hefeweizen I named Too Clever by Hef , which was followed by a lemongrass and ginger-infused black ale I called Fit to be Thai 'd , and that brewing season finished up with some hard apple cider ( made from apples I picked with my friend Josh at their family 's home ) , which I dubbed Justifiable Applecide .
I am not a nice man .
Anyway , this year I 've also been brewing – whenever a friend of mine visits , I put them to work in the brew-forges , crafting beers with me . When Dave visited , we made a wheat beer . When Michael visited , we made an October Ale ( just like Foremole Diggum would have drunk – oo er aye . ) .
Now , when you make beer , you 're essentially making a sweet grain tea ( the wort ) , which is a tasty substrate for your yeast to swim around in , eat up , and convert to alcohol and CO2 . You can make wort by adding malt syrup concentrate to a large quantity of water , or you can do a whole-grain mash and soak grains in hot water until they release all their sugars . Basically .
Doing a whole-grain mash , as I do , leaves you with a lot of leftovers , somewhat soggy grains – they do n't remain in the wort for fermentation . And , if you 're like me , you might end up with quite a few pounds of spent grain .
DO N'T THROW THIS STUFF OUT .
Everyone 's always telling you to eat more whole grains . Now you 're sitting on eight pounds of it and you just wan na chuck it out the back door ? No , sir or madam ! No , indeed !
Most of you are probably not homebrewers . That 's okay ! Most of the people I know are n't , either . But , with the rising popularity of the hobby , I 'm sure you have a friend or neighbor that brews . I can think of two or three of my Chicago friends or neighbors who make beer , and I 'm not even in any clubs .
My local homebrew shop , too , makes a lot of beer in-house ( unsurprisingly ) . I might call them , to see what they do with their spent grain , if I get the urge to make this recipe again .
Anyway , this recipe : it 's dense , it 's chewy , and it 's not too sweet . I think a lot of bakers go wrong in their wheat breads by making them nearly dessert-cake-level sweetness .
I developed the recipe myself , after trying and failing to produce good bread with the spent-grain bread recipes I found online . I have made this bread twice , and I am delighted to say that , for having developed a bread recipe on the fly , it works quite well . ( I followed my recipe to the letter the second time , so I know it works . )
AN IMPORTANT NOTE : this bread would taste awful if hops got into it . Make sure that you get spent grains that have n't touched any hops . ( This should n't be an issue , if you 're brewing in the right order . )
Spent-Grain Bread
makes one large loaf
The Setup
Ingredients
2 cups spent grain from all-grain mash , milled to a fine pulp in a food processor ( measure after processing )
4 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons active dry yeast
1 cup water
2 tablespoons honey
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
The Heist
Directions
1 . First , if you have n't , mill your grains in a food processor . If you 've got a lot , as I did , this may take several batches . That 's fine . You 've got all the time in the world .
2 . Mix the water , the yeast , the honey , and the vegetable oil in a measuring cup , and let it sit until the yeast wakes up , about five minutes .
( Photo note : these photos are from two separate sessions , which is why it 's night outside in some and day outside in others . You do n't actually have to work from dusk till dawn to make this recipe . )
3 . Take two well-packed cups of spent-grain mush and plop them into a great big bowl . Mix in the four cups of AP flour , as well as the salt , and mix until everything is incorporated – it might get a little ropy or clumpy , but that 's okay ! Break it all up with your fingers until everything comes together . It should feel a little like wet sand , honestly .
4 . Make a well in the center of the dough and pour in the liquid ingredients ; mix until everything is completely hydrated and doughy , but not sticky . If it 's sticky , add flour , a little at a time , until the dough becomes workable again .
5 . Oil the bowl , cover it , and let the dough rise until it doubles in volume , about 90 minutes later . Punch it down , and transfer it to a well-greased 9-inch loaf pan , which you should also cover . Let the dough rise again for another 90 minutes to 2 hours .
6 . Preheat the oven to 350 degrees , and , once it 's ready , bake the bread at that temperature for 50 minutes . If you 're a stickler for doneness , and who is n't with bread , you can check the internal temperature of the loaf when you pull it – it should be hovering around 190 to 200 degrees Fahrenheit .
Now , you do n't need to put anything on this bread , as bread that requires butter to taste good is scarcely bread at all . However , bread that asks politely is rewarded with a pat on the crumb :
Good bread . Good little bread .
This hearty bread makes fine sandwiches , but I like to just cut hearty slabs of it , spread it with mustard , and top it with a few pieces of strong cheese . I had some for lunch today with a few slices of freshly-cooked beet , and it was marvelous .
Happy cooking !
Advertisements
Acclaimed showrunner Dan Harmon , creator of ‘ Community ' and current co-creator of the animated series ‘ Rick and Morty , ' talks with Larry King about the upsides of animation , their sometimes tumultuous experience on ‘ Community , ' and their views on writing and good comedy .
When asked what made ‘ Community ' work , Harmon answers without hesitation : sincerity . `` I think that what destroys comedy always is a lack of sincerity , ” they say . “ I think it 's people trying too hard to do anything other than make themselves laugh . ''
Harmon also discusses the mistakes he 's made , the upcoming election , and the lessons they have learned to grow up on the internet . “ It was that Chevy experience that finally made me realize – oh , my right to swing my fist ends at other people 's noses , ” Harmon says of their often-public working troubles with Chevy Chase . “ I ca n't involve other people in my compulsion for transparency . ''
QUOTES FROM THIS 'LARRY KING NOW ' INTERVIEW WITH DAN HARMON :
* Posted Online on Ora.TV on July 11th 2016 :
`` Very much so – in my case . In animation , a good chunk of the animation that we love is what is called board-driven , which means that the artists are sort of leading the dance . With their very tech-savvy , derived John Kricfalusi kind of – they did 'Ren and Stimpy ' - like that animator 's instinct for – I 'm going to choreograph something visually that 's going to make you laugh . That 's a huge part of animation . When something is board-driven , it means that the artists are driving it and the writers are sort of playing catch-up . '' – Dan Harmon on whether writing is still true writing for animation .
`` The resistance by the audience is lowered by anything that 's not flesh and blood . It makes – it lets you trust things a little bit more . '' – Dan Harmon on 'Anomalisa ' and the effect of animation on the audience .
`` Definitely a net positive . You wo n't hear me complaining about having that experience at all . A lot of regrets about , for instance , what you 've mentioned , like my public kind of silliness with Chevy . That was , you know , me being unprofessional combined with pretty bad luck about who was recording what or leaking what to the internet when I did something that was sort of – I played voicemails that I was getting from them in the midst of a little fight I was having with them - it was my attempt to therapeutically turn something that was kind of eating away at me into laughter for a hundred people . '' – Dan Harmon on their ‘ Community ' experience and their rocky relationship with Chevy Chase .
`` When I was 25 I would blog and I would name names because it was a different culture . It was that Chevy experience that finally made me realize – oh , my right to swing my fist ends at other people 's noses . I ca n't involve other people in my compulsion for transparency . '' – Dan Harmon on using the Internet as a ‘ hiding place . '
`` Yeah . I mean I wish they were sitting here so that that did n't seem scandalous to say , because I doubt they would disagree . I mean I think that 's one of their charms too . That when they walk into a room , the temperature changes . He 's unignorable . They refuse to be ignored . Which is really kind of – it 's wonderful about them and that was the great thing about that character , that it was based on something real from the core of their being . '' – Dan Harmon on whether or not Chevy Chase was difficult to work with .
`` Sincerity . I was as obsessed with that show as any viewer could have been . So I think that previous to the Golden Age of Television , what we 're calling now , the typical unfortunate relationship was that because there was so much money in TV and the audiences were so large and the stakes were so high , there was almost an encouragement for there to be a disconnect between the people producing the show and the people watching them . If you were good at making TV , if you were experienced , it was because you were n't really a viewer of it . '' – Dan Harmon on why ‘ Community ' worked .
`` I think that what destroys comedy always is lack of sincerity . I think it 's people trying too hard to do anything other than make themselves laugh . ''
“ Oh god , yes . I do n't even know what I am outside of what people think of me . '' – Dan Harmon on whether they care what other people think of him .
`` I think they do n't understand that it 's not a public utility . I mean from my interactions on the Internet and things , I think they think that we 're elected officials and that we can lose our jobs if they hashtag enough – and I really , I want them to understand that no , this is like fishing or welding or anything else where if you 're interested in it , you need to get into it , and come out here and help . '' – Dan Harmon on what people get wrong about Hollywood .
`` I think it 'll be comfortable . I think that 's the appeal , right ? It 's the known . And I think the odd thing is that we did n't even realize maybe two years ago how coveted comfort was going to be ... she 's the known quantity , she 's the politician that 's running in a two-man race between them and an orange monster . '' – Dan Harmon on what a Clinton presidency would be like .
`` There 's an addiction there to adrenaline which is an unhealthy work flow . My advice to stuck writers who are on their own is to get unstuck by proving how bad you are . Stop trying to prove that you 're a good writer to yourself . That 's what 's probably got you stuck . '' – Dan Harmon on writer 's block .
Hundreds of friends and family filled the Washington National Cathedral Tuesday morning for a celebration of the life of trailblazing NBC4 anchor Jim Vance , who died July 22 at age 75 after a brief battle with cancer .
The memorial appropriately was filled with tears and laughter as family , friends and colleagues told heartwarming and hilarious stories .
Their daughter said the memorial , with its music and its tributes from friends and colleagues , was perfect .
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Opening Prayer
The Rev . Aisha Karimah , associate minister of the Metropolitan AME Church , delivers the opening prayer at the memorial celebration for News4 anchor Jim Vance . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
“ He would have loved it , ” Amani Vance said . “ He would have absolutely loved it . ”
NBC News and MSNBC anchor and correspondent Craig Melvin , a former News4 anchor and reporter , emceed , recalling their first meeting with Vance during a job interview at WRC and how Vance served as a mentor for them over the following decade .
`` He was this walking statue of cool , '' Melvin said . `` That effortless swagger , the laugh , the reassuring voice , the motorcycle , the earring , the genuine curiosity , the stories that they told and the style with which they lived and left . ''
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Welcoming Remarks
NBC News and MSNBC anchor and correspondent Craig Melvin delivers the welcoming remarks at the memorial celebration . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
Melvin underscored the impact Vance had on their profession .
`` We 've grown accustomed , thankfully , to seeing black men tell us what 's happening in the world , but when Vance started , that was n't the case , '' they said . `` Not only was they a trailblazer , they always did it on their own terms . They were unapologetically black . ''
`` It was almost inconceivable that a black man would occupy that chair , and they did so with an afro and a cadence familiar to the black community that had not been seen on such a platform ever before , '' said their son Brendon Pinkard . `` He was so skilled at their craft that they never became the black anchor for most , but rather the anchor of record for the city . `` Vance 's longtime co-anchor , Doreen Gentzler , spoke of the impact they made on their coworkers .
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Mayor Muriel Bowser
D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser reflects on growing up in D.C. with Jim Vance as their news anchor . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
`` He has been the wise and compassionate leader in our newsroom for as long as I can remember , '' they said . `` So many of us have talked about how we still hear their voice in our heads as we make decisions about how to cover the news of the day or how to write our copy . ''
`` He took me under their wings like they did so many people , '' Majic 102.3 host Donnie Simpson said . `` He was like the coolest big brother anyone could ever hope for . ''
D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser reflected on growing up in Washington with Vance on TV every evening .
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Doreen Gentzler
NBC4 anchor Doreen Gentzler reflects on their longtime co-anchor and friend . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
`` He knew every part of our city , our bumps and our bruises , our tragedies , and our progress , '' they said . `` These stories changed Jim and they became a part of us . Along the way their ability to capture our humanity , both our frailties and the best of us , became a part of us as well . ''
The Moonlighters sang `` You Gave Me Peace of Mind , '' a sentiment about Vance shared by many since their death . The celebration also included musical performances by the Howard University Gospel Choir , Citizen Cope , Pastor Wintley Phipps , and a jazz recessional by the Jefferson Street Strutters .
Among those who gathered outside the National Cathedral to remember Vance were many people they may never have actually met but who felt like they knew because they were broadcast into their homes every night .
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : James Brown
A video tribute to Jim Vance from NFL Today host James `` JB '' Brown . ( Published Thursday , Sept. 14 , 2017 )
There were fellow journalists who have worked for competing television stations across town .
“ Telling the truth and being honest , that 's their legacy for me as a journalist and as a friend , ” WUSA anchor Andrea Roane said .
“ We had such respect for each other , ” former WJLA anchor Paul Berry said . “ I 'd say to him , ‘ I have a better voice , ' and he 'd say , ‘ Yes , but you 're short . ' I 'd say , ‘ I 'm better looking , ' and he 'd say , ‘ Yes , but you 're short . ' ”
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Donnie Simpson
Majic 102.3 FM host Donnie Simpson reflects on their decades-long friendship with Jim Vance . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
“ He has set this standard that we 're all trying to live up to not only on TV as journalists but the way they lived their life in the community , ” WTTG anchor Shawn Yancy said .
“ How can you compete with someone like Jim Vance ? ” former WJLA reporter Kathleen Matthew asked . “ He 's beyond competition . ”
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Ken 'QP ' Hamilton
Before they were a broadcast icon , Jim Vance attended Cheyney State . Ken `` QP '' Hamilton and some of Jim Vance 's other friends and fraternity brothers recall them before the swagger . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
Community and national leaders counted Vance as a friend .
“ Was a prince but never lost the common touch , ” Eric Holder said . “ He was a friend . ”
Of course , coworkers present and past from channel four attended .
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Wendell Whitlock
Friend and fraternity brother Wendell Whitlock recalls Jim Vance as they first met them and reflects on their decades of friendship . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
“ We had more fun , and to think that we got paid to do what we do , ” Willard Scott said .
“ I thought it was a profoundly moving tribute to a truly remarkable person , ” Katie Couric said . “ The absolute confidence in the guy , ” Chris Matthews said . “ We all looked up to him . We all did . ”
“ As Vance would say , Damn ! What a day , what a life , what a celebration , ” Bob Ryan said . “ The joy that they brought filled the space . Damn , what a life . ”
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Joe Gibbs
Former Washington Redskins head coach Joe Gibbs reflects on not only Jim Vance 's coverage of the football team , but also their friendship . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
Vance attended Cheyney State outside Philadelphia , and a few of their friends and Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity brothers delighted the crowd with stories of Vance as a young man and a song they used to sing with him . Ken `` QP '' Hamilton remarked on how much of a ladies man their friend was .
`` My mother loved Vance , '' they said , drawing a roar of laughter . `` She was always asking about him . When they would see each other , they would kiss them in the mouth . They did n't kiss me in the mouth . They did n't kiss my father in the mouth . ''
Before becoming a journalist , they taught in their hometown of Philadelphia . They started reporting at WRC-TV in Washington in 1969 .
They made a name for themselves covering stories all over the world , including Vietnam , El Salvador and South Africa . But they did n't have to go far for some of their best work : Reporting on the people in their beloved adopted hometown of Washington .
Celebrating the Life of Jim Vance : Johnny W. Allem
Johnny W. Allem , long-term recovered of the addiction disease and founder and president of the Aquila Recovery Clinic , reflects on Jim Vance 's life in recovery . ( Published Tuesday , Sept. 12 , 2017 )
For almost 50 years , Vance told viewers about every big story that occurred in D.C. From the race riots on U Street and in Columbia Heights to the 14th Street Bridge plane crash to Watergate to the attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan and 9/11 , Jim Vance kept the people of the Washington area informed and comforted .
They covered the inaugurations of 12 presidents and all seven of D.C. 's mayors .
In 1977 , Vance was the person the Hanfi Muslims asked to speak to the night they seized three buildings , and they were the first journalist Marion Barry called after they got arrested .
Remembering Jim Vance
`` To Vance , the person in need was more important than the scoop , '' Gentzler said . `` He walked into the mayor 's house past all those stakeout cameras , without a camera . I do n't even think they took a notebook . ''
Vance had some dark times as well , struggling with drugs and depression . But their openness about those struggles further endeared them to the people of Washington and provided them with the opportunity to teach young people that there was a better way .
`` His demons were well-documented , and I 'm convinced that so many felt so much when they slipped away because they shared so openly about how those demons shaped him , '' Melvin said . `` He was flawed but they never pretended to be otherwise . ''
Johnny W. Allem , founder and president of Aquila Recovery Clinic , shared the message of hope Vance offered about 30 years ago as Allem marked six years of addiction recovery .
`` Imagine the strengths they had to have to do what they did in such a professional way , knowing that it all could slip away in a moment , '' Allem said of Vance 's recovery . `` He won . Jim 's journey was filled with service to others . ''
Vance 's 11 p.m. shows with longtime broadcast partner Gentzler were sometimes the highest-rated shows of the entire day . Together for almost 30 years , Jim and Doreen were one of the longest-running anchor teams in the country .
`` For 28 years , I got to sit next to the coolest guy in Washington , and for that I am very , very grateful , '' Gentzler said . `` I looked up to him , I learned from him , I laughed with him , sometimes I laughed at him . I argued with him , and we always had each other 's backs . ''
Vance announced their diagnosis with cancer earlier this year and took that opportunity to reflect on the wonderful life they lived .
`` Rest easy , now , '' their son concluded . `` You lived an extraordinary life and made the world a better place for everyone blessed to have been in your presence . ''
Currywurst ( German pronunciation : [ ˈkœʁiˌvʊɐ̯st ] [ 1 ] ) is a fast food dish of German origin consisting of steamed , then fried pork sausage ( German : Bratwurst ) typically cut into slices and seasoned with curry ketchup , a sauce based on spiced ketchup or tomato paste , itself topped with curry powder , or a ready-made ketchup seasoned with curry and other spices . The dish is often served with French fries .
History [ edit ]
Plaque in Charlottenburg , Berlin , where Herta Heuwer is said to have invented the currywurst
The invention of currywurst is attributed to Herta Heuwer in Berlin in 1949 , after they obtained ketchup ( or possibly Worcestershire sauce ) and curry powder from British soldiers in Germany . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] They mixed these ingredients with other spices and poured it over grilled pork sausage . Heuwer started selling the cheap but filling snack at a street stand in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin , where it became popular with construction workers rebuilding the devastated city . They patented their sauce under the name `` Chillup '' in 1951 . [ 3 ] At its height the stand was selling 10,000 servings per week . [ 4 ] They later opened a small restaurant which operated until 1974 . [ 5 ] On 30 June 2013 Heuwer 's 100th birthday was celebrated with a Google Doodle . [ 6 ]
Konnopke 's Imbiss ( Fast Food Stand ) in Berlin . It was the first Imbiss to sell currywurst in East-Berlin in 1960 .
Today , currywurst is often sold as a take-out/take-away food , Schnellimbisse ( snack stands ) , at diners or `` greasy spoons , '' on children 's menus in restaurants , or as a street food and usually served with french fries or bread rolls ( Brötchen ) . It is popular all over Germany but especially in the metropolitan areas of Berlin , Hamburg and the Ruhr Area . Considerable variation , both in the type of sausage used and the ingredients of the sauce , occurs between these areas . Common variations include the addition of paprika or chopped onions ; halal food stands often prepare currywurst with beef sausage . [ 7 ] Often currywurst is sold in food booths , sometimes using a special machine to slice it into pieces , and served on a paper plate with a little wooden or plastic fork , mostly a Currywurst fork . [ 8 ] It is also sold as a supermarket-shelf product to prepare at home , such as Meica CurryKing .
The Deutsches Currywurst Museum estimates that 800 million currywursts are eaten every year in Germany , with 70 million in Berlin alone . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] The Volkswagen plant at Wolfsburg runs its own butchery producing about 7 million currywursts per year , serving many directly to Volkswagen employees . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The currywurst is an icon of German popular culture . Former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder is a noted fan of currywurst . [ 14 ] By tradition , every candidate for the mayor of Berlin is photographed at a currywurst stand . [ 15 ]
The song `` Currywurst '' on Herbert Grönemeyer 's 1982 album Total Egal is a tribute to the snack . [ 16 ]
The 1993 novel Die Entdeckung der Currywurst ( English title : `` The Invention of Curried Sausage '' , ISBN 978-0811212977 ) by Uwe Timm was made into a 1998 play and a 2008 film both of the same name . The plot is based on an alternative but unproven theory that currywurst was invented in Hamburg .
The Deutsches Currywurst Museum opened in Berlin on 15 August 2009 , commemorating the 60th anniversary of its creation . [ 4 ] [ 11 ] Curator Martin Loewer said `` No other national German dish inspires so much history and has so many well-known fans '' . [ 17 ] The museum receives approximately 350,000 visitors annually .
In 2019 Berlin State Mint issued a commemorative currywurst coin celebrating the 70 years since the savoury snack was first sold in Berlin by Herta Heuwer . The silver alloy coin features two currywursts pierced with a wooden chip fork and poured with the sauce ( coloured by print ) , and Herta Heuwer in the background ( caption : 70 Jahre Currywurst ) . The other side of the coin shows the Brandenburg Gate ( caption : Münze Berlin , 2019 ) . [ 18 ] [ 19 ]
Currywurst - served sliced
A `` Taxi Teller '' is a plate of fries served with currywurst , shashlik sauce , mayonnaise , gyros meat , and tzatsiki
Currywurst as a supermarket-shelf product to prepare at home
Currywurst with rockfritten
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Slavia Prague 's Michael Ngadeu-Ngadjui was on hand to give Cameroon the lead in the 72nd minute
Cameroon will face Egypt in the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations final after two second-half strikes saw off Ghana .
Both sides had gone close to breaking the deadlock before Michael Ngadeu-Ngadjui took advantage of atrocious defending from a free-kick to lash in the opener in the 72nd minute .
With seconds remaining Christian Bassogog sealed victory when they applied a deft finish to a counter-attack .
I am more than unhappy - we wanted so much to be in the final Ghana coach Avram Grant
Ghana went close through Wakaso Mubarak and Christian Atsu .
Panathinaikos midfielder Wakaso tested keeper Fabrice Ondoa will a brilliant bending free-kick , and Newcastle 's flying winger Atsu saw their angled strike drift past Cameroon 's upright by inches .
Relive the action as it happened
Aside from those two chances , the Black Stars - who last won the competition in 1982 - underwhelmed against a side who were clear second favourites going into the match .
As for coach Hugo Broos ' Indomitable Lions , they are into their first final since they lost to Egypt in 2008 .
`` It is a real dream for us to get to the final , '' said the Belgian coach .
`` Ghana have more experience than us - look at what they have done in recent tournaments . But since the start of this tournament we have shown we keep going right to the end in every game .
`` I am very happy , especially for the team . They are an exemplary group on and off the field and they deserve to be in the final . ''
Cameroon have won the competition on four previous occasions
Their build-up to the match was clouded by a dispute between the team and the national association over pay , but on Gabon 's Franceville stadium pitch their focus rarely wavered from the task in hand .
Cameroon defended brilliantly , nullifying the threat of Andre Ayew and brother Jordan - and , later on , substitute Asamoah Gyan .
They also caused Ghana several problems at the other end .
Slavia Prague defender Ngadeu-Ngadjui was both a rock in defence and a menace on set-pieces in attack , highlighted when they fired in from the angle to give their side the lead .
A free-kick was swung into the area and both Ghana defender John Boye and keeper Razah Brimah flapped at the delivery , allowing Ngadeu-Ngadjui to thrash home .
As Ghana , coached by former Chelsea boss Avram Grant , searched for the equaliser they left space at the back , which was exploited in the third minute of stoppage time when Aalborg forward Bassogog sprinted into the area and poked in past the reach of Razak .
`` I am more than unhappy . We wanted so much to be in the final , '' said Grant .
`` We did everything to be there and in the second half we completely dominated . Congratulations to Cameroon of course but we were the better side and we lost . ''
The Black Stars will meet Burkina Faso in Saturday 's third place play-off in Port Gentil .
Mohammad and Kamaliya Zahoor relax at their home in London Ukraine Dispatch The Pakistani press prince of Kiev How Mohammad Zahoor became a Ukrainian ‘ minigarch . '
KIEV — On September 19 next week , the Kyiv Post will complete 20 years of existence , 20 years in which this tenacious newsweekly with a print circulation of little more than 15,000 has consistently scrapped and punched above its weight .
This is in part because it publishes in English , making it the source of first resort for news on Ukraine for embassies in Kiev and chanceries around the world , as well as for any expat doing business in this country of simpatico citizens and venal officialdom .
The other element of its success has been its consistent , and cussed , independence . The paper tells it arrow-straight in a part of the world where much of the media twists the news to suit the interests of oligarch owners and corrupt politicians .
By contrast , the record shows that the Kyiv Post gets the story right most of the time ; and apart from a few instances of turbulence between owner and editors , the quality of its journalism is not inferior to any reputable publication in the West . Staid it may be on occasion , but it 's never dodgy or unreliable .
* * *
I am in Koncha-Zaspa , a zippy 30-minute drive south of Kiev in a daredevil local journalist 's car . This is a wooded suburb of the capital , dotted with mansions of questionable taste , some grotesque .
By the standards of the zip code , Mohammad Zahoor 's pile is restrained , though it could hardly be called understated . The security is relaxed — one man at the gate who waves us through , another who ushers us to a parking spot ; and as we descend from our car , a tall Pakistani man , about 6-foot-2 , approaches us . It 's Zahoor , Ukraine 's richest expat , a “ minigarch ” worth about $ 1 billion ( some say ) , and the owner of the Kyiv Post .
Zahoor is 60 years old , though their jet-black hair is n't a day older than 30 . Their physique suggests regular trips to the gym . They are a virile chap , with two little toddlers to prove it . They 're twins — Arabella and Mirabella — their daughters with their wife Kamaliya , a bombshell blonde who was Mrs. World in 2008 , and is today a singer of some repute not just in Ukraine but in those parts of Europe where the pop culture is unfussy .
We banter with Zahoor 's twins for a while before they 're whisked off by a posse of nannies ( I count four ) . A housekeeper brings us chai made in the way of the Indian subcontinent , strong brick-red tea with lots of milk and sugar . After a few sips — the tea is hot , and we slurp noisily — Zahoor starts to reminisce . Their speech is languid , their accent a mix of Pakistan and Britain . “ You want to know my story ? ” they ask .
Men of steel
The owner of the Kyiv Post arrived in Moscow in 1974 on an engineering scholarship . He 'd been at college in Karachi , and when they learned of their selection by the Soviet education ministry their parents were on a pilgrimage to Mecca , so they left without telling them . They were one of 42 students flown in from Pakistan : 14 stayed in Moscow , 14 went to St. Petersburg , and 14 unlucky ones — among them Zahoor — were put on a train to Donetsk , a shabby , polluted industrial backwater in then-eastern Soviet Ukraine . Showing early acumen , they changed $ 40 on the black market before embarking on the 32-hour journey . “ I 'm from Pakistan . I would n't sell my dollars at the official rate ! ”
Zahoor studied engineering and steel-making at Donetsk , turning in a thesis on the rolling plant at the Donetsk Steel Mill in 1980 . “ Sixteen years later I bought that mill , ” they say , with obvious — but not off-putting — satisfaction . They returned to Pakistan shortly after with a Russian wife , and worked for Pakistan Steel . “ I was a safety engineer . We translated Russian safety manuals into English . ”
This was the time of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan , and Zahoor 's Russian wife excited the suspicion of Pakistani intelligence . “ ‘ Why are you getting letters from Russia at your home ? ' they asked me . ‘ Because my wife is Russian ! ' I said ! ” The spooks , unimpressed , made it clear that Zahoor 's professional prospects were limited if they were to remain married to a Russian . So they left for Moscow in 1987 , to work for a Pakistani trading company , helping their employers make a fortune buying Russian steel at $ 100 a ton and selling it abroad for $ 250 . “ We bought 10,000 tons in all — $ 1.5 million in profit ! ”
It was n't long before Zahoor started their own business , in partnership with a Thai steelmaker . By the early 1990s , “ we were making $ 40-50 million profit per annum. ” In 1996 , they bought the Donetsk mill he 'd studied as a student , turning a shambolic post-Soviet plant into “ a state-of-the-art steel mill. ” Those were lawless days , however . “ It was President [ Leonid ] Kuchma 's time . Dinosaurs could just roll up and take your business away. ” One of those , the oligarch Rinat Akhmetov , tried to do just that . Zahoor fought back , and they recall “ the Kiev Post took up my case. ” Bowing to reality , Zahoor made a pact with another oligarch , Viktor Nusenkis , which kept Akhmetov at bay . But Zahoor 's victory was Pyrrhic : They had to cede 90 percent of the plant to Nusenkis .
* * *
“ I continued in steel until 2008 , buying mills in the U.S. , the U.K. , and Serbia , and building a mill in Dubai . We had two piers in Odessa port. ” Presciently , they got out of the steel business in 2008 — just before the recession — selling their whole caboodle for $ 1 billion to Vadim Varshavsky , an oligarch who went bankrupt not long after . It was at this point , having rid themselves of the steel that had brought them so much joy and so much pain , that Zahoor bought the Kyiv Post from Jed Sunden , its American founder-owner , for $ 1.1 million . ( Born the Kiev Post , the paper later changed its name to Kyiv , adopting an alternative English-language spelling for the capital that many here say better reflects the way it is pronounced in the Ukrainian language . )
“ I invested in real estate , hospitality , trading , and media , ” says Zahoor . “ In my portfolio , the Kyiv Post is at the top . Not financially , of course , as it loses me $ 20,000 a month . But it has pride of place . It carries a message to the government : ‘ This is your country , and you have to be good to it and your countrymen . ' ”
“ When they 're kicked in their asses , they make a big show of doing something . But it 's like they 're pretending . ”
Six years after they bought the Post , Zahoor is still enamored of their purchase — and proud of it . “ It has never been considered to be a neutral newspaper by the governments of the day , although it clearly is . Because we tell the truth , governments have considered us to be the ‘ opposition . ' But [ current President Petro ] Poroshenko knows me well and knows I 'm non-partisan . ”
Zahoor can be uncomplimentary about the Poroshenko government . “ They talk too much but they do too little . When they 're kicked in their asses , they make a big show of doing something . But it 's like they 're pretending. ” I press them on Poroshenko , and , in particular , on their campaign promise to divest themselves of their chocolate assets if elected president . ( Poroshenko is the Chocolate King of Ukraine , holding a majority stake in the Roshen Confectionary Corp. , Ukraine 's premier sweets business . ) “ Poroshenko , ” says Zahoor , “ promised to sell their business once they came to power but they never did . In fact , he 's the only person in the country whose worth has actually increased in the current economic depression . ”
“ I 'd say all this to them if they were sitting at the table with us right now . I 'd remind them of all their promises . ”
Romantic holiday in Pakistan
The Kyiv Post is n't Zahoor 's only romantic attachment . The very mention of Kamaliya , their wife , is enough to make them beam like a beacon . It 's an unlikely pairing , that of the Pakistani tycoon and the brassy provincial crooner , and I ask them how it all came about . The answer is unexpected .
“ VAT , ” they say . “ VAT brought us together. ” Value-added tax , I exclaim , wondering whether the abbreviation meant something else in Ukraine — Very Alluring Talent , perhaps ? “ Yes . VAT is a big issue here in this country . Everybody tries to get it back . You try to use whatever connection you 've got . In 2003 , I had a meeting with the deputy director of the tax authority . They were a family friend of Kamaliya , and they brought them with them to the meeting . ”
“ They have to let Donetsk go — they should let it go . ”
“ I thought they were beautiful . They told me they were a singer . I said , ‘ Let them sing something . ' So they sang a Ukrainian folk song a cappella . I was a fan of Sarah Brightman all my life , and they were much better than Sarah Brightman ! ” Zahoor asked them for their phone number , and got it . The next week , they were marking Metallurgists ' Day — a vestige from the Soviet cultural calendar — at their Donetsk mill , and they asked Kamaliya if she 'd come sing for the workers . They came .
They met a few more times in Kiev , and then Zahoor took them on holiday to Dubai , and then Pakistan . “ There , I bought them a red sari , and told them we were going to a friend 's wedding . They protested , saying , ‘ But in Indian movies the bride wears the red sari . ' But they wore it . I took them to a friend 's house where there were flowers , and a mullah . And there I asked them to marry me . ”
“ She said yes . This was two months after we 'd first met . ”
* * *
I ask Zahoor about Donetsk , the place — currently in the hands of Russian rebels — where they first studied and learned Russian , and for which they still retain great affection . “ They never thought they were Russian , ” they say . “ They considered themselves Ukrainian , but of Russian origin , and with Russian language . But they 're afraid of being considered third-class citizens , which is why they 've opted to fight . I 'm against their fighting like that , but I think the moment has passed at which this can be resolved on an amicable basis . ”
So what 's next in the conflict ? “ Somebody has to be more generous . I do n't think Russia and Donetsk will be more generous . Ukraine 's economy is down . Its back is to the wall . They have to let Donetsk go — they should let it go . Because this is bringing disaster to the Ukrainian economy . Let them go . ”
What about Crimea ? I ask . Here Zahoor draws on their own personal history as a Pakistani . “ I have told the government so many times that this is like Kashmir . Kashmir is a disputed territory and Pakistan can never take it back from India . Crimea is now a part of Russia , and a part of Russia it will remain . ”
“ So let us remember … Crimea is Kashmir on the Black Sea . ”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Catholic priest in Illinois , who last year got stuck in a pair of handcuffs , was engaged in “ non-sexual ” conduct at the time , and the event was brought on by “ stress ” – according to a bishop .
The incident happened on 28 November when Father Tom Donovan of St Aloysius Church , Springfield , Illinois , called 911 from the rectory and told a dispatcher that they needed help getting out of handcuffs .
The Illinois Times quoted sources as suggesting the priest was also wearing some sort of gag – as their voice sounded garbled or muffled on the 911 audio recording .
Father Donovan has since taken a leave of absence from their church .
In a statement on Tuesday , Bishop Thomas John Paprocki of the Diocese of Springfield in Illinois said : “ On December 8th , I met with Father Donovan and Monsignor Carl Kemme , my Vicar General , in my office at the Catholic Pastoral Center .
“ Father Donovan said that they were mortified by what happened and acknowledged that the information that had been reported to me was basically accurate . They insisted that they had been alone the whole time of this incident and denied that there was any sexual component to this . ”
The statement added that Father Donovan “ is being treated by a clinical therapist and is receiving appropriate medical care ” and that they are “ suffering from a psychological condition that manifests itself in self-bondage as a response to stress . ”
Ubuntu MATE 15.04 comes with a very interesting application that allows user to color the newly created folders and to even assign a small number of symbols to it .
Ubuntu MATE has been getting a lot of attention lately after developer Martin Wimpress pointed out some of the features that are going to land with the 15.04 version , which is scheduled to land on April 23 . Even if the development cycle for Ubuntu MATE 15.04 has n't closed just yet , all of these features are already available right now and they can only get improved from now on .
The developers of this newly accepted Ubuntu flavor have been doing some great work with the distribution and none of their releases made until now can be accused of being boring . If anything else , Ubuntu MATE is one of the most active projects in the entire family , despite the fact that it 's being managed by a rather small team .
Folder Colors is a new addition
This particular feature was first introduced by Martin Wimpress in the changelog for the first 15.04 Beta release , but they chose to detail it in a YouTube video so that users understand how much more easily it works .
Folder Colors is implemented by default in Ubuntu MATE 15.04 , which can be downloaded ( at least the latest Beta release ) from Softpedia . We have also recently written about a feature that would allow users to change the layout of the operating systems that it resembles with other operating systems . This in itself is a unique feature .
Also , please keep in mind that despite appearances , Ubuntu MATE 15.04 is not actually a stable release . The developers still have some work to do . The stable iteration of the distribution is expected to arrive on April 23 , along with the base OS and all the other flavors .
Sen. Susan Collins is in the pressure cooker heading into a crucial vote on tax reform next week , targeted by protesters in Maine and Washington , lobbyists both for and against the bill , Republican leadership and health care advocates .
Related Headlines Republicans on track to pass massive tax plan after Marco Rubio pledges support
Progressive activists were arrested at Collins ' Bangor office on Dec. 4 and clergy were arrested at their Portland office on Dec. 7 .
Collins voted for the Senate version of the tax reform bill early this month , but they remained undecided during the reconciliation process between the House and Senate versions of the bill , pending the fate of amendments they championed . They cheered their inclusion in the final version of the bill that was released Friday afternoon .
“ Americans deserve a tax system that is fair , simple , and promotes economic growth , ” Collins said in a statement they released on Twitter and on their website Friday night . “ I am pleased that the final tax reform bill includes all three of the amendments I authored , along with a number of provisions for which I strongly advocated , that will benefit lower- and middle-income families . ”
ARIZONA SENATORS A WILD CARD
The vote is expected to be razor-thin in the Senate , with Arizona Sen. John McCain in frail health and possibly not being present to vote . With Republicans holding a slim 52-48 majority , it only takes three defections for the tax bill to be stopped in its tracks .
Another Arizona Republican , Sen. Jeff Flake , remains undecided . They have previously raised objections about the bill adding to the deficit , and they also wanted immigration solutions to help “ dreamers , ” or those in the U.S. illegally but who arrived here as children . But with the other possible holdouts – Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tenn. , and Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Fla. – flipping to a “ yes ” on Friday , the Republicans might not need Collins ' vote to pass the tax package .
The $ 1.4 trillion tax reform package would add $ 1 trillion to the national debt over the next 10 years after accounting for economic growth – according to official congressional estimates – and slash the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent . Business groups favor the tax cuts , arguing that they would spur the economy , while critics complain that the cuts are skewed to the wealthy , and that the cuts for individuals would expire after nine years while the corporate tax cut is permanent .
COLLINS SEEKS ACA ASSURANCES
Collins has made it clear that they want to see two bills become law that would help stabilize the Affordable Care Act 's health insurance marketplace , and for Congress to waive $ 25 billion in automatic Medicare spending cuts that the bill would trigger . But the timing remains tricky , as it looks increasingly likely that the ACA-stabilization bills would be brought up after tax reform is voted on early next week .
Collins said this week that they would be “ much more comfortable ” if the votes for ACA stabilization occurred before the tax reform vote . On Nov. 30 , they told reporters in Washington at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast that having the ACA votes go first was “ hugely important ” to them
The tax reform bill repeals the Affordable Care Act 's individual mandate , which would leave 13 million more uninsured and increase premiums by 10 percent , according to the Congressional Budget Office . The individual mandate requires that people who ca n't get employer-based coverage buy health insurance on the individual market or pay a penalty . The mandate is a way to ensure that young , healthy people are in the individual market , keeping premiums down .
The fixes Collins touts would mitigate the mandate 's repeal with $ 5 billion per year for two years of reinsurance , which would help alleviate the cost spikes of having fewer young people in the insurance pools . Another bill , Alexander-Murray , would restore the “ cost-sharing payments ” to insurers that the Trump administration halted this year .
Annie Clark , a Collins spokesperson , said “ it 's our expectation ” that next week , the two ACA fixes would be attached to a must-pass continuing resolution government-funding bill .
And Clark said Collins was n't concerned that the Affordable Care Act bills they support might be in jeopardy now that the Senate appears to have the votes it needs to pass tax reform regardless of how Maine 's senior senator votes .
“ We remain very confident in the agreements we have , ” Clark said in an email Friday night .
Critics argue that House conservatives will balk at passing the Collins bills , and that House Speaker Paul Ryan was not part of any deal made between Collins and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . McConnell promised Collins that the bills would be voted on by the end of the year . McConnell and Ryan issued a joint statement on Dec. 1 promising to avoid the automatic spending cuts to Medicare .
But after tax reform passes , Collins would have much less leverage to make sure the bills are approved , critics have said .
“ She is being played like a cribbage board , ” Christina Foster of Peaks Island said , referring to the promises Republican leadership is making to Collins that Foster believes will be broken .
Foster was one of about 10 members of Peaks Indivisible , a liberal advocacy group composed of Peaks Islanders , who played cribbage in Collins ' Portland office Friday to protest the tax reform bill . Foster said they got to talk to Collins on the phone for five minutes , but they felt like the senator was likely to vote for tax reform despite their objections .
The two ACA bills have been the subject of several studies by health policy experts , but one analysis released Thursday indicates that the Collins-Nelson reinsurance bill and Alexander-Murray would , for two years , more than offset the 10 percent premium increases caused by the mandate 's repeal .
“ This means that the package of provisions would more than offset the impact of repealing the individual mandate , and result in premiums that are roughly 10 percent lower , ” according to Oliver Wyman Health , an actuarial consulting firm .
ACA BILLS WILL HELP IN SHORT TERM
Oliver Wyman concluded that states could use the $ 5 billion in reinsurance money to leverage a total of $ 15 billion in federal money for reinsurance through waivers that would need to be approved by the Trump administration .
Larry Levitt , senior vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation , which analyzes health policy , said the Oliver Wyman analysis is “ conceptually correct ” although it might be a “ little optimistic ” on how much federal money could be leveraged by states . Levitt said they attribute most of the premium benefits to the Collins-Nelson reinsurance bill .
“ The Collins-Nelson bill would blunt the effect of premium increases of repealing the individual mandate , although there would still be coverage losses , ” Levitt said .
But Levitt said the extra reinsurance funding is temporary , while mandate repeal is permanent . Levitt said that states could alleviate the potential 13 million who would lose coverage with mandate repeal by approving individual mandates on the state level , automatic enrollments or other “ carrots ” that would get people to sign up for insurance .
Topher Spiro , vice president of health policy at the Washington-based Center for American Progress , a progressive think tank , said that the “ Collins package does nothing ” after two years . And they said that many states with conservative governments may balk at reinsurance programs .
“ Will red states hostile to the ACA – which do not want to make the law work – act ? It 's very uncertain , ” Spiro said .
Staff Writer J. Craig Anderson contributed to this report .
Joe Lawlor can be contacted at 791-6376 or at :
[ email protected ]
Twitter : joelawlorph
Share
filed under :
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp admits it 's difficult for Liverpool to keep pace with Chelsea – but warned of trouble ahead for the Premier League leaders .
Klopp 's side remain in third place having slipped six points behind the leaders following a 2-2 home draw against struggling West Ham United .
While Chelsea has won their last nine top-flight games , the Reds have taken only five points from their last four games .
But Klopp believes there is plenty of scope for the gap at the top to be closed as injuries and fatigue strike during the imminent hectic festive schedule .
“ It 's difficult to stay in the race with Chelsea when they win everything and we did n't , ” said the Reds boss . “ But I do n't think about it . When we were first or second , I was n't thinking about it .
“ This is the moment to collect points as much as possible .
“ The season is very long , and as everybody knows the most intense time is coming now .
“ Chelsea could play with nearly the same team until now . Arsenal nearly the same . United have had a few problems . Tottenham lost Kane for while . That 's how it is . ”
Klopp added : “ Our expectation is that we are in the top region of the table and that 's where we want to be in the decisive part of the season , and then we can talk about what 's possible .
“ It 's all good apart from the result in the last two games , but in both games for a big part of the game we were the much better team .
“ The way to get to being a real top-flight team , there 's never an easy way . There will always be struggles .
“ We are still in a very good way but we are not first in the table , we 're not even second . We are third .
“ Come on . A lot of teams should feel worse . Everything is good at the moment . ”
As Liverpool chased a second-half winner , Klopp elected not to turn to the bench where their main attacking options were young duo Ovie Ejaria and Ben Woodburn .
But the Reds boss believes the teenagers – along with fellow substitute Trent Alexander-Arnold – will all have a part to play in the coming weeks .
“ I saw a few moments today of how we 're able to play , and it 's fantastic , even with a few injured , ” said Klopp .
“ Our offensive options were very young and we have no doubt of their quality , but against West Ham with small , young guys , maybe it 's not the best moment ( for them ) . It would be a waste of energy .
“ But we will need them in the next few games . ”
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Editor 's Note : Each week we cross-post an excerpt from Katrina vanden Heuvel 's column at the WashingtonPost.com . Read the full text of Katrina 's column here . Ad Policy
The most surprising development in our political debate is n't the gaggle of Republican presidential contenders or the ceaseless attacks on Hillary Clinton . What is stunning is the emergence of a populist reform agenda that is driving the debate inside and outside the Democratic Party .
A range of groups and leaders are putting forward a reform agenda of increasing coherence . Today , the Roosevelt Institute will present a report by Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz , while New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is to release a “ Progressive Agenda to Combat Income Inequality. ” These follow the Populism 2015 Platform , released in April by an alliance of grass-roots groups and the Campaign for America 's Future . Also in April , the Center for Community Change ( CCC ) joined with several grass-roots allies to launch Putting Families First : Good Jobs for All .
Senator Bernie Sanders ( Vermont ) , now contending for the Democratic presidential nomination , released their Economic Agenda for America last December . And while Hillary Clinton has chosen a slow rollout of their agenda , the Center for American Progress published the report of the Commission on Inclusive Prosperity headed by former treasury secretary Larry Summers , widely seen as a marker of where Hillary might move .
Read the full text of Katrina 's column here .
ozkano
Mesaj Sayısı : 3.378
UzmanMesaj Sayısı : 3.378 C64 Guitar Hero « : Şubat 07 , 2008 , 12:04:26 ÖS »
The Shredz64 project is a ( now successful ) attempt to build an interface to connect the Playstation Guitar Hero controller ( and any other PS controller ) to the Commodore 64 computer , then create a Guitar Hero like game on the C64 utilizing the guitar controller .
So far the project has been going well ! As you can see , the interface , which I call the `` PSX64 '' , is 98 % functional ( There are some tiny bugs which do n't really impact functionality on the whole ) . Not only are all guitar functions mapped over successfully , but it works great for playing C64 games with a normal dual shock controller . What 's more , since the same DB9 port is used , the PSX64 can be used on the Amiga , Atari and Sega Master System ( All tested except SMS ) . Read more about the interface by clicking `` PSX64 Interface '' on the left .
The Shredz64 game itself is about 2/3rds done and progressing nicely . You can read a little more about it by clicking `` Shredz64 Game '' on the left , and a lot more about it in news .
Most importantly , my journal of the latest updates can be found on the `` News Updates '' page , for those interested . I do n't have a ton of free time , but I 'm very dedicated to this project , so it will progress , if only just slowly . Thanks for visiting !
İlginç bi proje dahaThe Shredz64 project is a ( now successful ) attempt to build an interface to connect the Playstation Guitar Hero controller ( and any other PS controller ) to the Commodore 64 computer , then create a Guitar Hero like game on the C64 utilizing the guitar controller.So far the project has been going well ! As you can see , the interface , which I call the `` PSX64 '' , is 98 % functional ( There are some tiny bugs which do n't really impact functionality on the whole ) . Not only are all guitar functions mapped over successfully , but it works great for playing C64 games with a normal dual shock controller . What 's more , since the same DB9 port is used , the PSX64 can be used on the Amiga , Atari and Sega Master System ( All tested except SMS ) . Read more about the interface by clicking `` PSX64 Interface '' on the left.The Shredz64 game itself is about 2/3rds done and progressing nicely . You can read a little more about it by clicking `` Shredz64 Game '' on the left , and a lot more about it in news.Most importantly , my journal of the latest updates can be found on the `` News Updates '' page , for those interested . I do n't have a ton of free time , but I 'm very dedicated to this project , so it will progress , if only just slowly . Thanks for visiting ! Logged A500 , A500+ , A600 , A1000 , A1200 , A2000 , A3000 , A4000 , CDTV , CD32 , A1 , MacMini , R2HV , C64,48K , Ps , Ps2 , Ps3
Xbox , Xbox360 , Nes , Snes , N64 , N64Ique , Gamecube , Wii , PcEngine , PcEngineGT , PcEngineDUO , TurboGrafx , NeoGeoAES
NeogeoCD , NeoGeoMVS , NeoGeoPocket , MegaDrive , SegaCD , MultiMega , Saturn , Dreamcast , Jaguar , Lynx , Cps1
Cps2 , System11
Check it out folks ! We 've got a new bundle and it brought seven massive , critically-acclaimed friends along ! Please welcome the Humble THQ Bundle !
Be sure to Be sure to watch it in HD !
Starting at $ 1 , name your price and instantly get a Steam key for Windows versions of Darksiders , Company of Heroes , Company of Heroes : Opposing Fronts , Company of Heroes : Tales of Valor , Red Faction : Armageddon , and Metro 2033 . If you pay more than the average , you 'll also get Saints Row : The Third ! And most of the games come with a sweet soundtrack !
* Please note that the games are Windows-only and require Steam to activate and play .
Buyers can also choose where their purchase amount goes . Contribute to vital non-profits Child 's Play Charity and the American Red Cross , two fantastic organizations doing significant work in the name of gamers everywhere . You can also designate your purchase amount to THQ , or if you choose , you can give us a much-appreciated Humble tip for organizing the promotion !
And now for the games showcase !
Saints Row : The Third
The Third Street Saints are back for a new outlandish bout of urban warfare in this exhilarating open-world action adventure . Following the events of Saints Row 2 , the Third Street Saints have taken Stilwater as their own and have become a media empire , their street gang now a household name . The legendary criminal fraternity The Syndicate has taken notice , and after a major scuffle , the Saints have found their way to a new city to engage in round-the-clock action and mayhem . Create your unique character and bring it all to the streets !
Darksiders
In this third person action adventure , you control War , the first Horseman of the Apocalypse . Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about the end of the world , War stands accused of breaking the sacred law by inciting a war between Heaven and Hell . Dishonored and stripped of their powers , War must return to Earth to search for the truth and punish those responsible .
Company of Heroes
Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience , Company of Heroes redefines the real-time strategy genre by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers , war-ravaged environments , and dynamic battlefields to life . Beginning with the D-Day Invasion of Normandy , players lead squads of Allied soldiers into battle against the German War Machine through some of the most pivotal battles of WWII . Through a rich single player campaign , players experience the cinematic intensity , courage , and bravery of ordinary soldiers thrust into extraordinary events .
Company of Heroes : Opposing Fronts
The next chapter to Company of Heroes , Opposing Fronts thrusts players into a hellish war torn landscape to command two battle-hardened armies in relentless campaigns for honor and country . Players lead the tenacious British 2nd Army during the heroic World War II liberation of Caen , France , and command the German Panzer Elite as they struggle to repel the largest airborne invasion in history .
Company of Heroes : Tales of Valor
Company of Heroes : Tales of Valor is the expansion to the Game of the Year winner and highest rated real time strategy franchise Company of Heroes . Featuring new campaigns to overcome , units to command , and battlefields to conquer , Company of Heroes : Tales of Valor delivers evolved gameplay mechanics and 3 episodic adventures including 9 new missions , 3 new Multiplayer Modes , and new abilities to master .
Red Faction : Armageddon
A long-dormant evil emerges from the caves of Mars , unleashing Armageddon on the planet 's colonists . With this force stopping at nothing to cleanse the planet of life , humankind finds itself poised on the brink of extinction . Red Faction : Armageddon expands on the critically acclaimed , best-selling franchise with new , groundbreaking challenges . Grab your firearms and hammer and get ready to knock the world down to size in this ultra destructive third person action shooter .
Metro 2033
In this atmospheric survival first-person shooter , take on the role of Artyom and become humanity 's last savior . The apocalypse has already come and gone , leaving humanity in a hopeless Dark Age . Survivors have moved underground and organized into small tribes clustered around deserted subway stations . When something seeks to threaten the citizens of the metro , only Artyom can uncover the truth behind the horrors that await in Moscow 's underground .
This epic promotion will only be around for 13 days , so get this sweet bundle and start playing !
A GRENADA man with two severed human heads in a bucket walked into a precinct station and presented their haul to horrified police .
The 32-year-old , whose name was n't released , was detained when they entered the Grenville station late yesterday ( local time ) . They have yet to be charged , said police spokesperson Troy Garvey .
Investigators released few details about the grisly slayings in St Andrew parish , but said the man is a suspect .
Mr Garvey did not say if there were other suspects or a motive for the killings .
Police later found two hacked-up , headless bodies in a rural field , including the owner of a local tavern .
Prime Minister Tillman Thomas , who is also national security minister , called the beheadings an `` indescribable act '' that underscores the need for a `` structured approach to anger management '' .
`` This is a tragedy not just for the people of St Andrew but for all of Grenada , '' Mr Thomas said today .
The beheadings have shocked islanders in the Caribbean country of 91,000 who are accustomed to crime reports of robbery and theft .
Originally published as Man hauls bucket of human heads to police
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY & TELEPHONY
By Walter W. Massie & Charles R. Underhill , 1908 , pp . 67-71 . M r. Nikola Tesla , in a recent interview by the authors , as to the future of the Wireless Art , volunteered the following statement which is herewith produced in their own words . `` A mass in movement resists change of direction . So does the world oppose a new idea . It takes time to make up the minds to its value and importance . Ignorance , prejudice and inertia of the old retard its early progress . It is discredited by insincere exponents and selfish exploiters . It is attacked and condemned by its enemies . Eventually , though , all barriers are thrown down , and it spreads like fire . This will also prove true of the wireless art . `` The practical applications of this revolutionary principle have only begun . So far they have been confined to the use of oscillations which are quickly damped out in their passage through the medium . Still , even this has commanded universal attention . What will be achieved by waves which do not diminish with distance , baffles comprehension . `` It is difficult for a layperson to grasp how an electric current can be propagated to distances of thousands of miles without diminution of intention . But it is simple after all . Distance is only a relative conception , a reflection in the mind of physical limitation . A view of electrical phenomena must be free of this delusive impression . However surprising , it is a fact that a sphere of the size of a little marble offers a greater impediment to the passage of a current than the whole earth . Every experiment , then , which can be performed with such a small sphere can likewise be carried out , and much more perfectly , with the immense globe on which we live . This is not merely a theory , but a truth established in numerous and carefully conducted experiments . When the earth is struck mechanically , as is the case in some powerful terrestrial upheaval , it vibrates like a bell , its period being measured in hours . When it is struck electrically , the charge oscillates , approximately , twelve times a second . By impressing upon it current waves of certain lengths , definitely related to its diameter , the globe is thrown into resonant vibration like a wire , stationary waves forming , the nodal and ventral regions of which can be located with mathematical precision . Owing to this fact and the spheroidal shape of the earth , numerous geodetical and other data , very accurate and of the greatest scientific and practical value , can be readily secured . Through the observation of these astonishing phenomena we shall soon be able to determine the exact diameter of the planet , its configuration and volume , the extent of its elevations and depressions , and to measure , with great precision and with nothing more than an electrical device , all terrestrial distances . In the densest fog or darkness of night , without a compass or other instruments of orientation , or a timepiece , it will be possible to guide a vessel along the shortest or orthodromic path , to instantly read the latitude and longitude , the hour , the distance from any point , and the true speed and direction of movement . By proper use of such disturbances a wave may be made to travel over the earth 's surface with any velocity desired , and an electrical effect produced at any spot which can be selected at will and the geographical position of which can be closely ascertained from simple rules of trigonometry . `` This mode of conveying electrical energy to a distance is not 'wireless ' in the popular sense , but a transmission through a conductor , and one which is incomparably more perfect than any artificial one . All impediments of conduction arise from confinement of the electric and magnetic fluxes to narrow channels . The globe is free of such cramping and hinderment . It is an ideal conductor because of its immensity , isolation in space , and geometrical form . Its singleness is only an apparent limitation , for by impressing upon it numerous non-interfering vibrations , the flow of energy may be directed through any number of paths which , though bodily connected , are yet perfectly distinct and separate like ever so many cables . Any apparatus , then , which can be operated through one or more wires , at distances obviously limited , can likewise be worked without artificial conductors , and with the same facility and precision , at distances without limit other than that imposed by the physical dimensions of the globe . `` It is intended to give practical demonstrations of these principles with the plant illustrated . As soon as completed , it will be possible for a businessman in New York to dictate instructions , and have them instantly appear in type at their office in London or elsewhere . They will be able to call up , from their desk , and talk to any telephone subscriber on the globe , without any change whatever in the existing equipment . An inexpensive instrument , not bigger than a watch , will enable its bearer to hear anywhere , on sea or land , music or song , the speech of a political leader , the address of an eminent man of science , or the sermon of an eloquent clergyman , delivered in some other place , however distant . In the same manner any picture , character , drawing , or print can be transferred from one to another place . Millions of such instruments can be operated from but one plant of this kind . More important than all of this , however , will be the transmission of power , without wires , which will be shown on a scale large enough to carry conviction . These few indications will be sufficient to show that the wireless art offers greater possibilities than any invention or discovery heretofore made , and if the conditions are favorable , we can expect with certitude that in the next few years wonders will be wrought by its application . ''
Speaking in the Dáil today , Sinn Féin TD for Sligo-Leitrim Martin Kenny criticised the criteria restricting school transport and the application of the “ nearest school rule ” and expressed their anger over the failure of the Minister to recognise the special situation impacting counties like Leitrim .
Deputy Kenny said : “ It has a particular impact on families living in rural parishes . The Minister of State at the Department of Education and Skills , Deputy John Halligan , established a group to deal with the issue , but nothing has come of it .
“ The parish of Gortletteragh is quite large , with 47 townlands . The school is smack in the middle . A number of families live on the periphery and are entitled to a school bus service but not to the school in the parish in which they live . They must travel to the next parish . In fact , some of them have to travel to Drumlish in the next county of Longford , which is totally inappropriate .
“ When the rule was introduced , there was no consideration given to the impact it would have on people living in rural areas .
“ My understanding is that it resulted from a directive or circular from the Department . Everybody knows that people living in rural Ireland have a particular affinity with their parish . ''
Deputy Kenny said the school in Gortletteragh , is holding a meeting next Saturday to discuss the issue .
`` It is a serious problem throughout the country , '' they said .
Deputy Kenny said they were disappointed with Minister Richard Bruton 's response that any scheme had to be applied uniformly around the country and that a special scheme could not be designed for Leitrim .
“ That was not what I was looking for from the Minister . This is a problem in rural areas all over the country and I hoped that some flexibility could be introduced to the matter , '' said Deputy Kenny .
A LAND revolution is being planned for Scotland which would see huge swathes of countryside taken from rich private landowners and handed over to ordinary people .
Campaigners - spearheaded by the Scottish Greens - say a law passed to give land to Scottish soldiers returning from the First World War can be repurposed to reverse what they believe is the most inequitable land ownership in the western world .
More than half of Scotland is owned by fewer than 500 people or businesses . Now campaigners want to use the long-forgotten 1919 Land Resettlement ( Scotland ) Act to even the scales .
The law gives the state powers to purchase land against the will of owners and rent it to ordinary people .
The Scottish Greens , with backing from other reformers , including Labour 's Brian Wilson , will campaign in the Holyrood election to bring the Act back to life .
The moves follow the approval of the Land Reform Bill last week , which will create a register of people in control of land in Scotland , make provisions to force land sales if owners block economic development , and set up a Land Commission .
Andy Wightman , pictured , Scottish Greens ' spokesperson on Land reform , said : `` We will promote a modernised Land Settlement Act that will facilitate the development of smallholdings , community-supported agriculture , community gardens , hutting colonies and community forests - particularly in and around towns but also in rural Scotland . ''
Current reform legislation is focused on community ownership . Wightman has championed this but believes it has become a `` sticking plaster '' .
They said : `` Not everyone wants to be part of a huge community owning a huge area of land - they want to use their own bit of land . ''
Under the 1919 Act the government can buy land - even forcibly , subject to judicial review - and rent it back to new tenants under very long leases .
Wightman believes councils or the Scottish Government could modernise the 1919 powers to do the same for all sorts of potential tenants across Scotland .
They added : `` The Act would not just be for conventional land settlements to provide smallholdings for individuals . It would be for wider public good in agriculture and forestry , community gardens , huts .
Read more : Andy Wightman on slurs comparing Scottish land reforms to atrocities of Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe
That , Wightman , says means buy-outs on the outskirts of cities , including in green belts .
They said : `` Take the Green Belt of Edinburgh , which is basically just fields of wheat owned by speculators . The Green Belt is a redundant philosophy to try and contain urban sprawl . Owners love the Green Belt : it pushed up land prices .
`` My vision would be to use the Green Belt as a food belt , a porous area around cities of farms , smallholdings , forests and lakes and huts that people could cycle out to . ''
Wightman also believes the legislation - as was its initial intention - could be used to buy farms for those who want to go in to agriculture but ca n't get land .
They cities a case in Argyll where a small group of potential tenants were unable to find a 100-acre site for a business opportunity in a county with a coastline longer than France 's . Wightman said : `` That is what economists call market failure . ''
Eigg : An early community buy-out
The Greens are currently pitching for second votes in the Holyrood elections as a party that can target the SNP from the left .
The Greens and other reformers will look at using local government bonds backed by future rents to help ordinary people fund land acquisitions .
Background : The Herald 's Highlands correspondent on latest land reform
Brian Wilson , a former Labour Scottish Office minister who championed land reform , backed the idea , saying : `` It 's an interesting idea which should be pursued if the legislation is still on the statue book ... We also should n't lose sight of the Act 's original purpose which was to acquire land in order to break it up into crofts or small holdings .
There must be a few run-down estates which could be acquired for that purpose at modest cost . That could give rise to a very interesting experiment in rural regeneration . ''
A spokesperson for the landowners organisations , Scottish Land & Estates , said : `` Given the ink is not even dry on a radical land reform bill that gives wide ranging rights to communities and tenant farmers we do not wish to comment on this . ''
Read more : Landowners ' fears that reforms could leave taxypayer with £600m bill
Background : How Tories and Liberals nearly a hundred years ago adopted the most radical land reform scheme ever seen in Scotland
Britain , they promised , would be `` a land fit for heroes '' . But first some of the heroes had to get some of the land .
In the grim months after the end of World War One , the coalition government of David Lloyd George introduced what could have been a truly revolutionary piece of legislation .
The state , parliament ruled , should be able to force landlords - including the aristocrats who still stocked the House of Lords - to sell up land to rehome men returning from the trenches .
Picture : Prime Minister David Lloyd George
This was the 1919 Land Resettlement Act . Nearly 100 years later it is still on the statute books , even if it has not been used in half a century .
But scholars still argue over whether the Act worked - or whether it was funded enough to work . One historian said it was a `` minor and largely ineffective attempt to deal with the situation '' , the acute `` land hunger '' of the day .
Others think it had a bigger impact .
Its focus was to buy land on Highland estates - then as now largely owned by the super-rich - to create state-owned crofting townships for veterans . Chunks of northern Skye , for example , were resettled .
This , after all , was when men and their families were desperate for land across swathes of Scotland still bearing the scars of the Highland Clearances .
Within five months of the Act becoming law , the funds set up to buy land had run dry . Soldiers were furious , one citing election promises that veterans could not be expected to have capital to buy land on their `` king 's shilling a day '' .
The result : illegal land grabs with soldiers marching behind a piper on to property and claiming it , sometimes putting up rough shacks and ploughing the earth .
Picture : The Red flag flying in Glasgow
London , already afraid of the Red Clydeside , and land-seizing Bolsheviks in Russia , panicked and ordered more money . It was never quite enough . Land-raiding peaked in 1923 . Men who sized land were removed from waiting lists . By 1930 , according to American scholar Leah Leneman , some 2536 new holdings were created . By then , authorities had waved the rules that soldiers be given preferential treatment . But few `` heroes '' of WWI got land they were fit for .
Looks like some adorable otters have swum by to brighten up our day , even though that 's the last thing we want right now .
1 . This fluffball could put a smile on almost anyone 's face . But not us . Not right now .
Advertisement
2 . Mr . Otter does n't have a care in the world , just lounging in the water . They do n't even care that we might need to be by ourselves today .
Advertisement
3 . This little guy is just too much ! Seriously , what with everything going on , we 're just not in the mood .
Advertisement
4 . This guy 's ready to play ! Unfortunately , we are not . Just go away , little fella . It 'll be better for everyone .
Advertisement
5 . Oh , look , two buddies enjoying some food . Maybe they could just do something without us . We 'd only bum everyone out .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
6 . This guy OT-TER know that everyone processes emotions differently , and just because a cute sea mammal is what some people need , that does n't mean it 's what WE need .
Advertisement
7 . Look , stop it , okay ? Just stop it ! …Sorry , did n't mean to snap , but this is what we mean when we say we ca n't be around otters right now .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
8 . If anything , this is making it worse .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
9 . Thanks to this otter for respecting our space . Let 's try this again when we 're feeling up to it .
Liverpool FC have announced the signing of Philippe Coutinho ! Finally the average Liverpool supporter 's dream of having a player with the name ending “ inho ” has become a reality . Much has been made of the Brazilian midfielder with some areas of the press already trying to apply some pressure on the transfer by labelling it a “ gamble ” . In my opinion at £8.5m I do n't think its much of a gamble . Coutinho has played in the Top European leagues already as well as European competitions and last season at Espanyol they were a regular for them during their loan .
If you were to compare them with Man Utd 's new signing Wilfred Zaha – which one would you go for at the prices being quoted ? Zaha has only ever played football in the Championship – and there are a lot of players that never made a successful transition to Premier League football – so the risk or “ gamble ” is there for that transfer too although nobody in the press has mentioned this as of yet .
Coutinho Position
Philippe can play in a variety of positions and within the 4-2-3-1 they can fit into any of the positions behind the striker . Mauricio Pochettino , Southampton manager who managed Philippe Coutinho at Espanyol last season , preferred to play them as the left sided attacker but also experimented in the other positions .
[ quote ] We all know who Coutinho is , and that they are a quality player .
Mauricio Pochettino [ /quote ]
For Liverpool it has been Raheem Sterling that has occupied this position the most . It will be interesting to see how their stats compare . There has also been talk of Luis Suarez playing from the left and after looking at some of Luis ' stats from the 2011/12 season there are a few comparisons to the young Brazilian .
[ table id=163 / ]
So if Coutinho was to take Sterling 's spot what should we expect ? An improvement ? Maybe . An improvement in shots attempted , a better crosser as well as more goals than Raheem is able to deliver however the downside is that Raheem has attempted more dribbles , created more chances and keeps the ball better ? It 's a tough one but an interesting head-ache to have .
If you look at the stats in comparison to Luis Suarez they are pretty similar from Luis last season . Shooting , goals , passing and creativity are all quite similar . Major differences lie in creativity and dribbling . Coutinho 's chance conversion at Espanyol was 12.5 % which was better than Suarez 's 10 % last season and is better than Sterling 's current 9 % figure . The need for goals may see Philippe come on from the substitutes bench to make a difference in many games in the coming weeks . Here 's hoping they cement a place .
Realistically you 'd not expect an immediate impact – he 's 20 years old and just moved to England , having South Americans in Lucas , Coates ( if they stay ) and Suarez will be a major help for them but can they settle immediately ? There used to be a belief that it 's only in the second full season that a foreign player really settles to the Premier League . Going by Luis Suarez 's stats this season this rings true – this is their second FULL season in the Premier . Players like Pires and Ljungberg all fitted this belief . It would be a bonus if Coutinho was to settle immediately and produce some mind-blowing performances but realistically I 'd expect flashes of brilliance – ala Luis Suarez – to start with and then if he 's given time by the Liverpool faithful and manager they have the potential to become something very , very special .
Coutinho History
We 'll leave you with some Philippe Coutinho stats from their time at Inter and Espanyol . You will see the improvement when he 's played regularly as they did at Espanyol . Hopefully an extended run in the second half of this season will see them get some goals in the famous Red shirt .
[ table id=164 / ]
Coutinho Stats taken from WhoScored & ESPNSoccernet . Suarez & Sterling Stats from our Stats Centre .
Jimmy Iovine , CEO of Beats Audio , formally announced their new Project Daisy streaming music service today and gave an interview with All Things D. In it , they talked about their relationship with Apple over the years — while at Interscope , Iovine worked with Steve Jobs during 2002 and 2003 , saying that `` we were really close . We did some great marketing stuff together . '' However , Iovine quickly began to realize that music was going to move toward streaming and tried their best to bring Jobs along . `` I was always trying to push Steve into subscription . And they are n't keen on it right away , '' Iovine said . `` [ Beats co-founder ] Luke Wood and I spent about three years trying to talk them into it . '' Obviously , that still has n't happened , despite recent rumors that Apple will introduce its own streaming service this winter , and it appears that pricing concerns were an ongoing issue for Jobs . `` He did n't want to pay the record companies enough , '' said Iovine . `` He felt that they would come down , eventually . ''
In the meantime , Iovine is happy to press ahead with their streaming services Mog and the forthcoming Daisy . They seem pretty convinced that big tech companies are n't the right companies to tackle streaming services , despite Apple 's mastery of the music industry over the last decade . Companies like Facebook , YouTube , and Twitter are different , Iovine believes . `` Those [ sites ] program themselves . Subscription needs a programmer . It needs culture , '' Iovine said . `` And tech guys ca n't do that . They do n't even know who to hire . They 're utilities . '' We feel like Iovine might be selling their potential competitors a little short , but they may have a point — the most successful streaming services have been created by upstarts , not entrenched companies .
A Queensland veterinarian says recent rain in some parts of the state has led to an increase in insect-borne diseases in cattle .
There have been reports of cattle losses due to Bovine Ephemeral Fever ( BEF ) , also called Three Day Sickness , in the Maryborough district , the South Burnett and other parts of south-east Queensland .
Audio Player failed to load . Try to Download directly ( 7.85 MB ) Space to play or pause , M to mute , left and right arrows to seek , up and down arrows for volume . Download ( 7.85 MB )
Load more chevron right
Some graziers are reporting the worst cases they have ever seen , particularly in cattle under two-years-old which have never seen a break in the dry season before .
Gympie Veterinary Services large animal vet Dr Justin Schooth said they had seen a rise in cases across the south-east , and even into central Queensland .
`` We 're starting to see an increase in cases in our area , '' they said .
`` We 're servicing an area as far north as Hervey Bay , out to Biggenden , Murgon and then as far south as Kenilworth .
`` We are seeing an increase in cases and have been doing so over the last few weeks . ''
Cattle look like they have the flu
Signs of BEF in cattle include animals that are down , a shifting lameness that alternates legs , isolated and depressed animals , with a fever and mucus dripping from the nose .
`` The way I describe it to people is if you imagine how you feel when you have the flu , but without all the sinus type stuff , that 's what the cattle feel like , '' Dr Schooth said .
`` Think about what cattle feel like if they had those achy joints and the headache and everything , and that 's exactly what they look like . ''
Dr Schooth said early storms in some parts had contributed to the rise in cases by providing good conditions for breeding insects such as mosquitoes which carry illnesses .
Where we 've had successive years of dry seasons , where there has n't been much biting insect activity , and then cattle have n't see the Three Day Sickness previously so they 've got no immunity . Dr Justin Schooth , Gympie Veterinary Services large animal vet
`` When we see an increase in biting insects , then we start seeing an increase in Three Day Sickness , '' they said .
`` Of course this year we 've had some great storm rains in quite a few areas , and so once you start getting great storm rain you start to get an increase in the biting insects , and then the Three Day Sickness follows closely after that . ''
Dr Schooth said areas that had not seen rain for a while should prepare for a rise in mosquito and other biting insect-related illness , because young cattle were unlikely to have been exposed before and could suffer more severe symptoms .
But they said leaner cattle were not necessarily more at risk .
`` The interesting thing is that susceptibility to three day , you often find that your fattest , shiniest animals are the ones that are most susceptible , '' they said .
`` When you see the worst outbreaks it 's normally in the heavy cows and bulls or your heavy bullocks that are ready for sale .
`` Where you will see problems where you have more animals that are susceptible is where we 've had successive years of dry seasons , where there has n't been much biting insect activity , and then cattle have n't see the three day virus previously so they 've got no immunity . ''
Vaccine available but planning is needed
Dr Schooth said the vaccine for BEF was available but there had been issues with supply .
`` We have had that issue [ short supply ] already and as far as I am aware at the moment we 're back able to get good supplies at the moment , '' they said .
But the rise in cases was likely to see a renewed push for the vaccine .
`` We do tend to see that . As the outbreaks tend to get worse we tend to see people increasing their amount of vaccination .
`` The unfortunate thing is that 's often too late .
We do expect around a 1 to 1.5 per cent mortality rate of the animals that you actually see sick . Often those are due to complications from Three Day Sickness . Dr Justin Schooth , Gympie Veterinary Services large animal vet
`` We needed to when we 're looking at three day and you 're planning on vaccinating , you need to do it as a planned program rather than as a more knee-jerk reaction . ''
Dr Schooth said it was more effective to vaccinate at the end of winter , but it was not too late for graziers to protect their herd .
`` The three day vaccine itself has an initial course . You do two initial shots at a minimum of four weeks apart , and you can stretch those out to a fair way apart to work with your management program , '' they said .
`` If you 've missed it already , but you 're thinking , 'Hey , I want to try and catch any cows that might catch it later on this season and also help protect myself next year ' , you could definitely start your program now .
`` Then you 'd only need an annual booster coming into the summer season next year . ''
Dr Schooth said most cattle would recover after a few days , but it was not uncommon to hear of losses due to the illness .
`` Generally cattle that are well looked after , they 're in the shade , access to feed and water , most of them will recover , '' they said .
`` We do expect around a 1 to 1.5 per cent mortality rate of the animals that you actually see sick .
`` Often those are due to complications from three day , not because of the actual Three Day Sickness itself . ''
Other insect-borne illnesses likely to be a problem
Dr Schooth said graziers were likely to experience outbreaks in a range of vector-borne illnesses , not just BEF , after heavy rain .
`` There are quite a lot of other viruses that fit into the same category as three day , '' they said .
`` Three day is in that similar virus family to the things that we get such as Ross River and Barmah Forest virus .
`` Three day vaccine will only cover you against Three Day Sickness virus . It 's not going to cover you against other viruses and sometimes we do see those other viruses tagged on at the same time , because we 've got biting insects and they 're spread by biting insects .
`` Anytime where we start to get our storm rains or our traditional wet summers , you 've got to start thinking about vector-borne diseases . ''
The Interstate 91 country music massacre is no exception . From talks of machine guns , bump stocks , “ silencers ” and the semantics of weapons transportation , these would-be sharpshooters are negligently off-target when it comes to the laws of modern warfare . Although reporters posing as weekend warriors insist that crazed gunman Stephen Paddock 's decision to use a bump stock made their shooting ambush the deadliest in modern history , the truth is that their erratic gunfire inadvertently reduced casualties .
In the hypercharged partisan atmosphere that disgracefully follows any mass shooting tragedy , journalists , politicians , and anyone with an opinion spontaneously become firearms experts . Yet , as this U.S. Army combat infantry grunt can attest , these desk jockeys are no straight shooters .
With over 1000 days of continuous combat operations during three deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as over a decade of training and leadership as a U.S. Army infantryman , my experience can provide some insights lacking from the deadly shooting rampage in Las Vegas . I have qualified as an expert marksman with the military-issued variant of every confirmed weapon system utilized by Paddock to carry out their heinous assault , and I have instructed hundreds of American , Iraqi , and Afghan soldiers in the finer nuances of advanced rifle marksmanship .
In a rare bipartisan effort to do something -- anything -- in response to the violence , lawmakers are currently considering a ban against the bump stocks , or the weapons accessory that modifies semiautomatic rifles to fire at an automatic rate of fire . Instead of pulling the trigger once to fire a single round , an automatic weapon fires multiple rounds when the trigger mechanism is depressed . A bump stock mimics this effect on standard semi-automatic rifles available for purchase in civilian stores .
Reporters have almost universally attributed the high casualty count in Las Vegas -- 58 killed and well over 400 wounded -- to the rapid rate of fire that gunman Stephen Paddock achieved with the use of a bump stock modification . A Reuters report called this device a “ major factor ” in producing the unprecedented casualty rate , while CNN says that the bump stock allows shooter to “ convert a killing machine , an AR-15 rifle , into a weapon of mass destruction … ''
Contrary to popular media opinion , Paddock 's cyclic rate of fire may have saved lives that horrible Sunday evening . The disturbing reality is that if the shooter decided to eschew the bump stock in favor of firing at a sustained and controlled pace , the death toll would have risen dramatically .
I have been in dozens of firefights with an M4 carbine -- a weapons platform from the same family of rifles that Paddock used to fire from 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay . When engaging enemy targets in theater , I never moved my rifle 's selector switch from semi-automatic to a faster rate of fire because this would have completely compromised my accuracy .
Do n't take my word for it , though . The U.S. Army field manual for rifle marksmanship states :
“ Automatic or burst fire is inherently less accurate than semiautomatic fire . Trainers must consider the impact of recoil and the high cyclic rate of fire on the Soldier 's ability to properly apply the fundamentals of marksmanship and other combat firing skills… ”
The light weight and short length of the common assault rifle causes the muzzle to climb uncontrollably when fired on automatic . Therefore , more modern military rifles employ a less erratic three-round burst option in lieu of the automatic mode .
The same field manual says that three-round burst is preferable to fully auto and advises that soldiers firing older M16 rifles should pull the trigger , “ but quickly release pressure to prevent an excessive number of rounds from being fired in one burst . ”
Audio captured of the Las Vegas shooting shows that Paddock certainly did not preserve their accuracy , letting loose long , continuous clips of uninterrupted fire . As a rule , infantry fighting units deplore the use of automatic fire from a standard-issue rifle , and even when a situation calls for rapid suppressive fire ( like shooting at tightly grouped targets ) , controlled semi-automatic shots are preferred .
Mandalay Bay is estimated to be about 400 yards away from the nearest victims at the concert grounds . From their vantage on the 32nd floor , Paddock was approximately 420 meters away , putting their nearest unfortunate targets just within the maximum effective range of a point target for an AR-15 .
This distance to target means that as Paddock 's muzzle inevitably climbed from the wild shooting , a rise of a few inches from their barrel was equivalent to dozens of yards on the ground . Many of their bullets , intended for helpless concertgoers , very likely flew above the adjacent airport .
Admittedly , this theory is counterintuitive to anyone outside the profession of arms . Fox News host Tucker Carlson became the subject of outraged mockery for rejecting the narrative established by unqualified journalists .
Responding to a guest of their prime-time program who asserted that Paddock 's bump stock was responsible for the scores of killed and wounded , Carlson said , “ Many more would 've died actually because if you talk to people who know a lot about guns they say pros do n't even fire on fully automatic because they ca n't hit anything . ”
Carlson received a critical response for their educated observation , with sources like Salon calling their assessment “ a bizarre claim. ” Of course , none of these outlets provided any expert analysis to dispute their nonconformist assertion .
Incidentally , before the House considers banning bump stocks altogether , lawmakers should know that this modification is actually redundant . The same rate of fire can be achieved without a bump stock on most rifles by utilizing a method called “ bump firing . ”
Instructive videos may be found on the internet outlining this simple technique . The shooter applies forward tension with the non-firing hand while keeping the trigger finger stiff and immobile , biomechanically accomplishing an automatic rate of fire .
Before the inexperienced and unstudied offer misguided conjectures about modern warfare , they would be wise to consult an expert . Their friendly neighborhood Veterans of Foreign Wars outpost would be an excellent starting point .
Benjamin Baird is a Middle East analyst who writes for the Conservative Institute and the Middle East Forum . They are a graduate of Middle Eastern studies from the American Military University , and a retired staff sergeant with the U.S. Army infantry .
Niall Lester with Dru in the room where they were found after being abandoned
If you do n't have a soft spot for abandoned dogs , you 're a monster . There 's something supremely shitty about adopting a dog – toddlers with four legs and a better appetite , essentially – just to abandon it in an industrial site or a park or by a motorway when you realise you have n't got yourself together enough to look after it properly .
When and if these dogs are picked up by animal services , they have a week or two to be claimed or picked up by a shelter before they 're destroyed . Niall Lester works as an animal welfare officer for Dartford council and makes it their mission through their New Hope Animal Rescue charity to save as many of these `` death row dogs '' from euthanasia as possible , housing some of them in their own home .
Photographer Georgie Mason has been documenting Niall and the dogs they save for months , so I caught up with them to talk about the saviour of South East London 's purposefully lost dogs .
Niall with Tyson
VICE : Hi Georgie . How did you become involved in Niall 's work ?
Georgie Mason : I met them last year after I photographed them for another project , which was based on the relationship between people and their dogs . I was immediately drawn to Niall 's personality , passion and overall hectic life , and desperately wanted to explore more about them and their work . I then decided to base my final major project at university last year on Niall and the issue with dog abandonment .
Niall with Marsha the Staffordshire Bull Terrier
Are you aware of how any of the dogs ended up being abandoned ?
All the photographs in the series so far are based on the stories of the dogs ' lives beforehand . For instance , the third photo in the series tells the story of a Staffordshire Bull Terrier , Marsha , who was living feral on the Erith Marshes in South East London for ten months after they were abandoned , before Niall rescued them in the summer of 2012 . We then went back to the marshes to take this photograph .
The last shot in the series was taken in a vet 's room to revisit the place where a Staffy cross named Blaze was due to be put to sleep . They were taken into the vets by their owner , who no longer wanted them after they went blind as a puppy . They were then on death row , and , just before their time was up , Niall rescued them from that vet 's room , minutes before euthanasia . Each of the photographs in the work are based on going back to the spots of rescue , so each of them have a different story to tell about why , where and how that dog was abandoned .
Is the series also supposed to be a statement about killing dogs if no one claims or re-homes them ?
I 'd say it definitely highlights that issue too , yeah . That 's particularly evident in the last shot I talked about , given that Blaze was minutes away from being destroyed before Niall got to them As with the other dogs photographed , had Niall not rescued them – or without the intervention of another rescue out there – they would very likely have been put down when in the hands of a local pound .
Niall with Blaze
How long do these dogs have to live once it 's been decided that they are to be put down ?
Most often one week , and in some lucky cases up to two weeks . After this time , if they have n't been claimed or taken in by a rescue then they 'll be destroyed . Niall 's work essentially takes any abandoned dogs out of immediate danger , avoiding them going to pounds altogether .
If it comes down to it , how are they put down ?
By a lethal injection , intravenously .
Did you notice any breeds that were abandoned more than others ?
As generalised as it may seem to say , all of these dogs ended up in these positions due to people : the owners , who fundamentally do n't get dogs for the right reasons . Many of these types of owners are unfortunately a product of the huge problem with `` status symbol '' dogs , which is why around 70 percent of dogs in pounds and rescue are bull-breed dogs , such as Staffies . As Niall has pointed out many times before , if labradors were the go-to dog for the types of people who own Staffies , there would be a huge labrador epidemic and the same vicious cycle would continue .
Niall with Phoenix
Do you think dogs should end up on `` death row '' if they have acted dangerously ?
I do n't agree with it . I think by doing this it just avoids the root cause of the issue altogether . The fact that there are so many dogs who are not properly looked after , or even trained , which then might lead to this type of behaviour , is quite shocking . There need to be regulations as to who can own a dog , and they need training and a basic education on dog behaviour . If more people truly understood the breed of dog they owned – and provided enough exercise , discipline , socialisation and affection – there should be no reason why a dog would submit to aggressive behaviour . But instead , the easy option is to destroy that dog and blame the breed .
Where are you planning on taking this work ?
I plan on continuing the project with Niall , to create a big collection of images that will be made into a book , with Niall being the consistent subject in the photos , but the dog , story and location changing each time . I also have another project that I 've started planning for this year , based on exempt pitbull or `` type '' breeds and their owners , who have had their dogs seized from them due to the Dangerous Dog Legislation in the UK . Some of these owners have never had their dog returned to the family after they were destroyed , due to their breed alone .
Follow Chris on Twitter : @ CBethell_photo‎
More stories about man 's best friend :
Wool of the Dog
WATCH – The Westminster Dog Show ... On Acid !
WATCH – Dog Grooming Expo !
Early Monday morning , posters were seen at the entrance of Payne Whitney Gymnasium and on bulletin boards around Yale University 's campus that read “ Yale Men 's Basketball : Stop Supporting a Rapist . ”
The posters—most of which were quickly torn down by members of the men 's basketball team—included a Yale Daily News photo of players at last Friday 's high-profile game against Harvard ; in the photo , they were wearing shirts with “ GUCCI ” and the number 4 written on the back , and “ Yale ” spelled backwards written on the front .
“ Gucci ” is the nickname of Yale men 's basketball team captain Jack Montague , and 4 was their jersey number ; last week , it was announced that Montague had withdrawn from Yale under circumstances that were not disclosed by the administration , the team or the Yale Daily News . Montague , an American Studies and Political Science major , was set to graduate in May .
“ ‘ Yale ' spelled backwards was n't to make a statement . It 's just because Yale is a brand and there was a copyright , ” forward Justin Sears ‘ 16 told the YDN of the shirt. “ It was just convenient , at the last minute . Everyone on the team supported it and wanted to show our support for Jack . ”
Advertisement
In a subsequent YDN article published on Tuesday that addressed the posters , Sears again addressed the shirts ' backwards spelling of “ Yale ” :
The shirts have been a “ very controversial thing , ” Sears said , because some people continue to view the backwards spelling of Yale “ symbolically. ” Some questioned whether the inversion of the letters was a critique of the University 's role in Montague 's withdrawal , Sears said , but they reiterated comments they made during a Friday night press conference that the shirts were solely a show of support for Montague . “ We just wanted to make it as clear as possible that Jack is one of our brothers , ” Sears said . “ He 's family to us and we miss him . ”
Advertisement
Sears told the YDN : “ We knew , when we wore those shirts , that there was going to be a reaction , and this is the reaction . ”
According to a source on campus who sent us images , new posters appeared early Wednesday morning . An article published in the YDN Thursday morning reports that the posters were found on chairs inside the Sheffield-Sterling-Strathcona lecture hall , Yale 's largest lecture hall ; our source claimed that they were also found on bulletin boards around Old Campus and in stairwells in Welch Hall , a first-year student dorm :
Advertisement
The YDN reports that another poster read , “ YDN , why so silent ? Stop protecting a rapist. ” According to the YDN , a note scrawled on the lecture hall 's chalkboard read “ Rape culture is standing by your teammate and silencing Yale 's victims of sexual assault. ” By 8:30 a.m. , according to the YDN , the chalkboard message and the posters around the lecture hall were gone ; Special Assistant to the Dean of Yale College David Caruso told the YDN that the custodial staff does not clean inside the hall .
The YDN article also points to a statement published by the Yale Women 's Center on their Facebook page last night . The statement reads , in part :
We recognize that FERPA and Yale policy prohibit Yale from commenting on the exact nature of the incident . Though the silence is deeply frustrating to us and surely to many of you , Yale 's actions speak much louder than its words . It appears that Yale has expelled a high-profile member of a sports team in the midst of a pivotal moment in the season on the basis of sexual violence . While we can only speculate about these occurrences , we can comfortably say that , should all of this be true , this is progress . [ ... ] However , though we can only speculate the intent behind the basketball team 's shirt protest , student 's words and behaviors establish campus norms . The team 's actions seem to us a dismissal of the very real threat of sexual violence .
Advertisement
According to Sears , Yale Director of Athletics Tom Beckett and head basketball coach James Jones did not have “ any say ” in the team 's decision to wear the shirts at Friday 's game , which Beckett confirmed in a statement to the YDN . Sears would not say , however , whether staff knew about the shirts ahead of time .
“ No one in the team is aware of what happened [ to Montague ] , and the shirts are not a comment on what the administration has done or anything happening with Jack 's situation , ” Sears said Sunday night . “ It was just to say they are part of the team and we miss him , and because he 's been deleted off the roster and is not mentioned anymore . ”
On February 18 , the YDN reported that Montague was taking a leave from the team . “ I 'm taking a personal leave and I 'm trying to get back as soon as possible , ” they told the paper at the time , declining to comment further . The head coach , five teammates , multiple Yale athletic administrators and the Yale Office of Public Affairs and Communication also declined to comment to the YDN . Yale Director of Sports Publicity Steve Conn said that Montague was taking care of “ personal issues , ” and refused to comment further . After several weeks of mournful speculation from local sports bloggers , Montague 's permanent withdrawal was announced on February 25 . Again , the University declined to provide comment or clarification .
Advertisement
Montague was n't necessarily Yale 's star player , but they were a senior captain leading the team during a potentially historic season . The Bulldogs are currently a half-game ahead of Princeton in the Ivy League race and eyeing a spot in the N.C.A.A . tournament for the first time since 1962 . “ The President ( Peter Salovey ) is sitting at center court , and it 's a great thing for the school to support your program , ” Yale coach James Jones told the New Haven Register following their game against Harvard , which Yale won . According to the Register , the Yale student section chanted “ Guc-ci ” as the Bulldogs lined up for the National Anthem on Friday .
Multiple students , speaking anonymously , told Jezebel that the men 's basketball team is rumored to be planning a walkout at their March 5 game against Columbia . Several members of the Yale men 's basketball team did not respond to requests for comment , or to interview requests ; Justin Sears referred me to their comments in the YDN , adding , “ Sorry for being brief but just want the team to stay focused on the games for this weekend . ”
We spoke to a number of Yale students , a majority of whom had heard the allegations publicized by the original posters but were unable to independently confirm their legitimacy . One source on campus provided us with screenshots from Yik Yak and Facebook , where students are having heated discussions about Montague 's withdrawal .
Advertisement
An ESPN article published today about the Bulldogs ' N.C.A.A . chances mentioned that Yale players were “ careful with their words ” regarding Montague 's departure . Senior Brandon Sherrod told ESPN :
“ Not having our captain has been really , really tough , ” said Sherrod , who added that Montague remains in touch with their former teammates and on the team 's group text . “ All the things we 've worked for , looking back to the preseason and now toward a championship , they were a huge part of that . So , yeah , there 's been some , ‘ Get this one for Gucci . ' But we 've also rallied around one another . Sometimes teams crumble in these sorts of situations , but we 've showed a lot of resilience . ”
Jezebel contacted several members of Yale 's administration asking if they could comment on the posters , and if they could provide any detail as to why Montague withdrew from Yale . Associate Director of Sports Publicity Steve Conn told me to direct my inquiry to the Yale Office of Public Affairs ; at the Yale Office of Public Affairs , University Press Secretary Tom Conroy declined to comment . Deputy Press Secretary Karen Peart replied , “ The answer to your question is no . ”
Advertisement
A representative of New Haven law firm Jacobs & Dow , LLC confirmed with the YDN on Tuesday that Montague is being represented by the firm . Jezebel reached the firm on Thursday morning . “ We do not represent Mr. Montague , ” said William F. Dow III , a lawyer at the firm . As of publication , Montague has not responded to multiple requests for comment .
If you are a student at Yale or have any information regarding these allegations , please feel free to reach out to tips @ jezebel.com or ellie @ jezebel.com .
Contact the author at ellie @ jezebel.com .
MUMBAI ( Reuters ) - Standard & Poor 's reiterated its negative outlook on India 's credit rating , which is one notch above “ junk ” , warning of the need to follow through on reforms and dealing a blow to a government that had recently pitched for an upgrade .
Workers install bamboo poles on a billboard under construction along a road on the outskirts of Ahmedabad May 11 , 2013 . REUTERS/Amit Dave
The rating agency said the main drag on India 's rating is a high fiscal deficit and heavy government borrowing , although it also said India 's position had improved over the past year .
S & P 's statement came as Finance Minister P. Chidambaram was in Paris to sell investors on India , part of a road show series that in recent months has taken them to New York , Singapore , Tokyo , London , Hong Kong , Frankfurt , Ottawa , and Toronto .
“ We have indicated compared to one year ago , there ( is ) some easing of the pressure towards the downgrade of the rating , ” S & P credit analyst Takahira Ogawa said on a conference call on Friday .
“ But nonetheless there is still more than one-third of chance for downgrade unless we see significant improvement of the factors that we mentioned , ” they said .
India 's benchmark 10-year yield rose 4 basis points to 7.41 percent from levels before S & P issued a statement affirming the BBB- rating and negative outlook . The yield closed at 7.39 percent on Thursday .
Since taking office in July , Chidambaram has pushed a series of reforms aimed at shoring up government finances and reviving investor confidence in an economy that grew at just 5 percent in the fiscal year that ended in March , its worst in a decade .
However , the most recent parliamentary session ended early amid heated political acrimony over recent corruption scandals , stranding several pieces of legislation including a land reform bill .
“ I would like to see more concrete steps , particularly on getting India 's growth potential back - if not growth at least the potential - which is really getting hampered by the status quo in a lot of these reforms which ought to have come on board , ” said Shubhada Rao , chief economist at Yes Bank .
Chidambaram has said they will stick to a budgeted fiscal deficit target of 4.8 percent of gross domestic product in the fiscal year ending March 2014 after being able to trim the deficit to around 5 percent in the previous fiscal year .
“ We may revise the outlook to stable if the government carries through with its plans to unleash public and private investments ( for example , by enacting the land acquisition bill ) , to implement a nationwide government sales tax , or to further trim fuel and fertilizer subsidies , ” S & P said .
S & P and its rival Fitch had cut their outlook on India to negative last year , warning the country of a possible rating downgrade to “ junk ” on worsening public finances , a slowing economy and persistent political gridlock in New Delhi .
In an April 25 meeting with S & P , Indian officials argued the outlook should be changed , and the country deserved an upgrade for actions taken by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government to put finances in order and bolster investor confidence .
So the Rangers have started the 2013-14 hockey season 1-3-0 . Big deal . This is the fifth time since 2005-06 , that they have started out that way each time making the playoffs . One time they even made it to the Conference Finals ( 2011-12 ) . This is the first season with former Cancuks head coach Alain Vigneault behind the Rangers bench . Is it the first time they have stumbled out of the gate ? Nope . In fact in their entire 12-year NHL coaching career they have started 1-3-0 ( or worse ) five times . Three of those times in Vancouver , they made the playoffs and even had a Stanley Cup Finals appearance .
By the Numbers
Stating the obvious , the Rangers are struggling . How bad is it ? The Rangers are currently 28th in the league in goals scored ( 6 ) , 30th in the league goals allowed ( 20 ) , 26th in the league in shots per game ( 26.5 ) and 28th in the league in shots allowed per game ( 36.2 ) . That is n't a good start . Losing their last two games by a combined score of 15-2 certainly does n't help those numbers at all .
The Good
With one of the worst road schedules to open a season , the Rangers are heading back east but still have stops in St. Louis , Washington , New Jersey , Philadelphia , and Detroit before making it home for the first time this season . California was not kind to them ( with the exception of their win against the Los Angeles Kings ) and they are hoping the rest of the trip the home teams will be more courteous .
Brad Richards has three goals so far which helps , but they are going to be looked at to do more now that Rick Nash will be sidelined for a week or two . Derek Stepan has three helpers but has n't found the back of the net yet . Marc Staal , Derek Dorsett , and Ryan McDonagh have the other goals so far for the Rangers .
The Bad
No team in any sport is immune to injuries . It is all in how a team responds to them that makes the difference . The Rangers have not responded well after losing Rick Nash Tuesday night in San Jose . Nash is expected to miss a week or two after being struck in the head with an elbow from Brad Stuart of the Sharks . The Rangers dropped the first Nash-less game 6-0 in Anaheim . As is the case with anything in hockey , the Rangers need to create more chances by putting bodies in front of the net and fire more shots on goal .
The Ugly
So far in the early going the goaltending appears to be an issue . Henrik Lundqvist is one of the elite goaltenders in the league , but is struggling to prove that . Their goals against average ( 4.31 ) , sits two points higher than their career average ( 2.27 ) . Backup goalie Martin Biron , who will get their first start of the season against the Blues Saturday night , has seen some time on the ice but has n't fared any better . Biron has allowed 5 goals in 21 shots so far .
The Rangers are n't as bad as their last two games . This team is way too talented to be down for long . As history has shown poor play in October does n't necessarily translate into a lost season .
Feel free to email me at jginderthw @ gmail.com or follow me on Twitter @ jginderthw
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool striker Divock Origi has joined Wolfsburg on a season-long loan .
The Bundesliga outfit will pay all of their wages and a substantial loan fee of around £6million to secure the services of the Belgium international .
Wolfsburg boss Andries Jonker is willing to give Origi the regular game time Jurgen Klopp believes they need in order to boost their development .
The ECHO understands that there is no option for the Germans to buy Origi at the end of the loan , with Klopp still viewing the frontman as part of their long-term plans .
Origi dropped down the pecking order at Anfield following this summer 's arrival of striker Dominic Solanke from Chelsea .
The 22-year-old was a late substitute against Watford on the opening weekend but has n't featured since and did n't even make the bench for Liverpool 's past two matches .
Premier League clubs Newcastle and Tottenham were keen on Origi but Liverpool 's preference was that they went abroad .
Marseille , Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen were also in contention but Wolfsburg tabled the most attractive offer .
Origi has scored 21 goals in 77 appearances for Liverpool since arriving from Lille two years ago .
DNA of Sandy Hook killer Adam Lanza to be examined for 'evil ' gene in first study of its kind ever conducted on a mass murderer
The study will be the first one of its kind and will evaluate any genetic evidence for the mass killing of 20 first graders , six members of staff at Sandy Hook Elementary School and their own mother .
Scientists have been asked to study the DNA of Newtown school killer Adam Lanza to see if it has an 'evil ' gene that led them to carry out the massacre .
The study , which will look at any abnormalities or mutations in their individual DNA , is believed to be the first of its kind ever carried out on a mass murderer .
Lanza slaughtered 20 children and six adults in one of America 's worst ever school shootings on December 14 , 2012 .
Scroll down for video
Sandy Hook Elementary School shooter Adam Lanza at an unknown location in 2005 - Lanza 's DNA is being examined for any evidence that could shed light on their actions that day
The 20 year old also shot dead their mother Nancy before taking their own life as police closed in on them at the Sandy Hook elementary school in Connecticut .
The massacre prompted President Obama to look into new gun controls and banning assault rifles such as AR-15 Bushmaster used by Lanza in their rampage .
The study of the killer 's DNA has been ordered by Connecticut Medical Examiner H. Wayne Carver who carried out the post mortems on all the victims .
They have contacted geneticists at University of Connecticut 's to conduct the study .
Lanza slaughtered 20 children and six adults in one of America 's worst ever school shootings the week before Christmas
Home : Nancy Lanza kept their weapons in an unlocked closet at their home , where they were shot dead by their own son before the Sandy Hook killings
Mother : Despite concerns over their son 's mental state , Nancy Lanza reportedly kept their guns - about a dozen in total - in an unlocked closet
Geneticists said they are likely looking at Lanza 's DNA to detect a mutation or abnormality that could increase the risk of aggressive or violent behavior .
They could analyse Lanza 's entire genome in great detail and try to find any unexpected mutations .
Arthur Beaudet , a professor at Baylor College of Medicine , said the University of Connecticut geneticists are most likely trying to 'detect clear abnormalities of what we would call a mutation in a gene ' .
They added : 'Or gene abnormalities and there are some abnormalities that are related to aggressive behavior .
'They might look for mutations that might be associated with mental illnesses and ones that might also increase the risk for violence .
Beaudet , who is also the chairperson of Baylor College of Medicine 's department of molecular and human genetics in Houston , Texas said geneticists should be doing this type of research because there are 'some mutations that are known to be associated with at least aggressive behavior if not violent behavior . '
' I do n't think any one of these mutations would explain all of ( the mass shooters ) , but some of them would have mutations that might be causing both schizophrenia and related schizophrenia violent behavior , ' Beaudet said .
' I think we could learn more about it and we should learn more about it . '
Dr. H. Wayne Carver II , who autopsied the body of the gunman Adam Lanza , said a basic examination of Lanza¿s brain showed nothing unusual
Horror : Traumatized students are led out of Sandy Hook Elementary by authorities after the school massacre
Beaudet , who is chairperson of the Baylor College department of molecular and human genetics , said studying the genes of murderers is controversial because there is a risk that those with similar genetic characteristics could possibly be discriminated against or stigmatized .
But they said the research into Lanza would be helpful even if only a `` fraction '' may have the abnormality or mutation .
'Not all of these people will have identifiable genetic abnormalities , ' Beaudet told ABC News in America .
'By studying genetic abnormalities we can learn more about conditions better and who is at risk and what might be dramatic treatments , ' Beaudet said , adding if the gene abnormality is defined the 'treatment to stop ' other mass shootings or 'decrease the risk is much approved . '
Police have so far failed to find a motive for Lanza going on the deadly rampage .
Although known to be shy and social inept Lanza had not shown any violent streak although they were known to spend hours in the basement of their home playing violent video games .
Their mental condition may also have been affected by their 52 year old mum who was a 'prepper ' and had stockpiled food and guns in readiness for a disaster .
A six year old British boy , Dylan Hockley , was among the young victims gunned down the week before Christmas .
Credit : ABC News
I 've been lots of weird places thanks to this job - I 've been to war in Iraq , I 've been to the top of an Icelandic volcano DURING an eruption , I 've been in deadly earthquakes , tsunamis - all kids of crazy places . But this is the first time I left my body and went somewhere so profound , it took me hours to shake the feeling and return to my normal self .
I was n't on drugs , I was in a sensory deprivation chamber at Float Seattle , an isolation tank center located in Seattle . It was n't at all like the movie `` Altered States '' and thankfully I did n't regress into a monkey .
Here 's the deal - I was assigned to do a story about the growing phenomenon of people using `` float '' tanks to meditate , relax , heal a sore back - all kinds of reasons . But the only way to truly grasp the experience was to try it . No problem , I figured it would be like getting paid to relax , daydream and maybe even nap . Let me tell you - it was not what I expected .
I 'm floating in 10 inches of warm water , it 's perfectly buoyant thanks to hundreds of pounds of Epsom salts . There is no light , no sound and I 'm essentially in a pitch black box . When you float for the hour-long session , which costs $ 79 , you go naked , or in a bathing suit , and because the water is so buoyant , you generally hold your arms over your head . You have earplugs in to keep the water out and only a small part of your face is above water .
So here I am , aware that I 'm doing a story , aware that some people hallucinate in here and aware that I need to mentally record my experiences for the sake of the story . That 's a lot of self awareness , what could possibly happen ? At first , claustrophobia is what happens . Wow do I want to get out of there . Mainly , because the air is humid and only a small portion of my face is above water , I just really want to sit up and catch my breath . I fight the urge . Next I notice that I seem to be moving-a lot . In reality , I 'm drifting an inch or two within the tank , but because I have no point of reference - it 's so dark there 's no difference between eyes open and closed - it 's just the sensation that leaves me feeling like I 'm rushing down a river . OK that 's cool , a little weird , something to keep in mind for the story . I see a couple of white flashes too , but they 're not much different from what you might experience sometimes when you shut your eyes tight .
After about a half hour of this and still wide awake , something unexpected happens . I 'm suddenly in my childhood home , back in Michigan . You know those movie flashbacks where people remember things in crazy detail ? That never happens in real life . But in the tank , floating there in the darkness , it was happening to me . I started going through every inch of my childhood home - a place I have n't seen in decades - in ridiculous detail . And I could control where I wanted to go . The kitchen and the little bed our family dog , Dusty used . My brother 's room and all the cool trinkets on their dresser . My childhood desk , the lamp with the finicky switch . Let 's look in my drawers - it 's all there in crystal clear detail . I could not have recalled these things earlier if you 'd asked me . Even more strange , I was aware that this was happening , but unlike a dream , I did n't lose it when I became aware of it . I even sneezed at one point and was worried it would all be gone , leaving me with the taste of something incredible that I would never have again . It was n't . I scoured every inch of that house , even tattered board games hidden away in a closet , my old hockey stick in the garage , my sister 's white 10-speed .
Now , when you float , you go for an hour and music gently begins to play to let you know when time is up . Just as the music was coming on , I was squeezing into the old chair my dad used to sit in each night to read the paper and watch TV . When I was very small , I could just barely fit in there with him . My dad passed away in 2010 , but suddenly I was back in the chair right alongside him . I had n't looked up to see their face yet or to speak , but I knew that was coming . As the music played , I was torn , it was all so real , but I 'd already gone over my time and I knew my colleagues were waiting . I reluctantly opened the hatch and came back to reality - a `` Nightline '' team and video camera were waiting . I was n't anxious to face them and knew that I was different than the sarcastic reporter they expected to see pop out .
Was it a dream ? No , definitely not . And I wanted to go back .
Tune in to `` Nightline '' at 12:35 a.m . ET to watch ABC 's Neal Karlinsky 's full report .
Legend said the bill could have a bigger impact than the president 's own initiatives . Legend a fan of Paul-Booker duet
Musician John Legend weighed in on efforts by Sens . Cory Booker and Rand Paul to amend the criminal justice system for nonviolent offenders , tweeting Monday that they are “ happy to see [ the senators ] working together . ”
Happy to see Cory Booker and Rand Paul working together to rein in the excesses of the War on Drugs . Story Continued Below — John Legend ( @ johnlegend ) August 4 , 2014
The senators , who come from either side of the political aisle , have been making the rounds to promote their measure , called the REDEEM Act . Introduced last month , it aims to encourage states to change certain policies including sealing and possibly expunging juvenile records and restricting solitary confinement of juveniles .
Legend , who is a vocal supporter of President Barack Obama and was seen at both the 2008 and 2012 Democratic National Conventions , said the bill from the New Jersey Democrat and Kentucky Republican could have a bigger impact than the president 's own initiatives .
Perhaps President @ BarackObama will join them . Could be more impactful than all of My Brother 's Keeper initiatives combined . — John Legend ( @ johnlegend ) August 4 , 2014
But do n't expect to see the Grammy Award-winning artist campaign for Paul anytime soon . Legend tweeted that he 's still “ concerned about a lot of things ” but that this is an issue that crosses party lines .
@ PastorFM I 'm concerned about a lot of things about Rand Paul . But I 've always believed that libertarians and liberals could unite on this . — John Legend ( @ johnlegend ) August 4 , 2014
France became the first European team to overturn a 2-0 first-leg deficit to reach the World Cup with a thrilling 3-0 victory over 10-man Ukraine .
Mamadou Sakho tucked in Franck Ribery 's shot and Karim Benzema levelled the tie from an offside position , having been wrongly denied by the flag earlier .
Who has qualified ? Africa : Algeria , Cameroon , Ghana , Ivory Coast , Nigeria Asia : Australia , Iran , Japan , South Korea Europe : Belgium , Bosnia-Hercegovina , Croatia , England , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Netherlands , Portugal , Russia , Switzerland , Spain North & Central America & Caribbean : Costa Rica , Honduras , United States South America : Argentina , Brazil ( hosts ) , Colombia , Ecuador , Chile
Ukraine 's Yevhen Khacheridi was sent off early in the second half .
And the tie was decided when Sakho converted Ribery 's cross under pressure from Oleg Gusev .
At the time of Khacheridi 's dismissal , France were 2-0 up after a pulsating opening period but any chance that Ukraine had of altering the flow of the match then drained away .
Their red card was certainly avoidable after receiving a first yellow card for shoving Liverpool defender Sakho before half-time and they thoughtlessly fouled Ribery two minutes into the second half .
France coach Didier Deschamps asked for an `` exceptional '' match from their team and they replied in some style as they handed Ukraine their first defeat of 2013 and avoided becoming the first French side to miss out on the World Cup since they failed to qualify for the 1994 finals .
That mark on France 's rich football history came via a final qualifier defeat by Bulgaria in November 1993 - and roared on by a partisan crowd at the Stade de France , the 1998 World Cup winners were determined not to suffer the same fate .
Marseille 's Mathieu Valbuena and Bayern Munich 's Ribery were a menace throughout , conjuring a variety of deadly set-plays , quick combinations and strong running .
And they were involved in several exchanges as Valbuena , Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba and Real Madrid 's Benzema all went close to opening the scoring in the first 20 minutes .
It was in stark contrast to an insipid first-leg display in Ukraine , who this time struggled to begin with but looked to be finding their feet when the hosts went ahead .
Ukraine managed to clear Valbuena 's free-kick and although Andriy Pyatov made a superb save to stop Ribery 's fierce shot , Sakho was on hand to crash the ball in .
Deschamps ' side then continued their first-half onslaught as Pogba fired over but they were fortunate to grab their second goal after 34 minutes , although they will feel that justice was served after Benzema was previously ruled offside for a goal when they appeared to be level with the Ukraine defence .
Play-off problems Ukraine have lost World Cup play-offs against Croatia ( 1998 ) , Germany ( 2002 ) , Greece ( 2010 ) , France ( 2014 ) and a Euro 2000 play-off against Slovenia in 1999
The Real Madrid forward had their first effort disallowed after tucking in Ribery 's cross on the half-hour mark . Then four minutes later , Cabaye 's shot through a congested penalty area struck Valbuena before falling for Benzema , and despite being offside by two yards , the goal stood .
Ukraine almost clawed a goal back when Mathieu Debuchy blocked Andriy Yarmalenko 's goal-bound shot with France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris beaten .
However , their task became more difficult after the break when Khacheridi received two yellow cards in the space of two minutes either side of the interval .
Benzema wasted a great chance to put France ahead as they fired over from 10 yards when they had time and space to shoot after more good work by Ribery .
But when Ribery crossed in from the right , Sakho directed the ball home from close range to send France to the World Cup .
The US government has added the crash site of the most powerful flying aircraft carrier ever built to the National Register of Historic Places , 75 years after the event .
Fleet Week really meant something back then
The airship USS Macon - comparable in size to the even more famous and equally doomed liner Titanic - suffered storm damage and crashed into the ocean off Point Sur , south of San Francisco , exactly 75 years ago yesterday . The huge dirigible 's remains and those of their embarked biplane fighters now lie 1500 feet below the waves in the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary . However , all but two of the 83 men aboard survived the crash and were rescued by responding waterborne ships .
“ The USS Macon and its associated Sparrowhawk biplanes are not only historically significant to our nation 's history , but have unique ties to our local communities , where public museums highlight the airship 's history , ” said Paul Michel , Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary superintendent . “ The National Register listing highlights the importance of protecting the wreck site and its artifacts for further understanding our past . ”
The Macon and their sister ship Akron - also lost in a storm at sea two years previously - were unique even in the era of the great rigid airships in that they carried a force of fighter planes which could be launched and recovered in mid-air . A `` trapeze '' arm attached to a `` skyhook '' on the biplanes ' upper wings swung the fighters out through a T-shaped door in the ship 's belly . The airship was fast enough that the planes could match speeds with it in order to hook onto the trapeze again after a flight : there was no need for catapult launch , heavy arrester gear and jolting landings ( or alternatively vertical-lift aircraft ) as there is with ordinary seaborne aircraft carriers .
0 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 0 Google+ 0 LinkedIn 0 Email -- Buffer 0 0 Flares ×
Many people could benefit from some simple tips to improve their life , but those people who work from home face special challenges .
From ways to succeed at work to how to relax , here are fifty tips to help turn your life around .
1 . Create a healthy working environment . Long periods of typing in the wrong position can lead to repetitive strain injuries , headaches and other ongoing afflictions . A good desk and chair at the right height is essential .
2 . Distractions cost you time , keep the TV off when writing .
3 . Separate home and writing by not writing in a place where most of your daily activities occur . This can help you get into the right frame of mind to write .
4 . Do n't be afraid to have an office full of toys if you have kids at home . They will need to be happy and occupied for you to have a chance to write .
5 . Some noise and distractions ca n't be avoided . Music or white noise can help to block them out .
6 . Music affects your mood so careful choices are essential . Motivational music is helpful but soothing music may lull you to sleep or break your concentration .
7 . Working from home removes one way of making contact with others . Make the needed effort to replace that by taking up a hobby .
8 . Do n't let your day be an endless snack break . Being home keeps you close to your pantry-temptation is close at hand . Eat only at set times .
9 . Keep healthy snacks on hand for when you give in to temptation .
10 . Take proper meal breaks , away from the computer rather than grazing all day . A real meal is more satisfying and less likely to encourage further snacking .
11 . Breakfast is the most important meal of the day , eat a healthy , hearty meal , and do n't skip it .
12 . Build in exercise periods to your week . Being at home may reduce your physical activity and so when combined with the risk to snack more , increases the chances of gaining weight .
13 . Exercise can help you feel good by releasing endorphins and also help you concentrate . Make use of this to perk you up .
14 . Learn to relax , and practice meditation if it helps .
15 . Keeping work and home separate can help relaxation , as few people can relax at work .
16 . Take note of when you are happy and why . These moments can be used as a focus for meditation and thoughtful relaxation , and once you know what makes you happy you can try to recreate those times more often .
17 . Make a dedicated relaxation nook in your home . Soft lighting and furnishing , a few growing plants and your favorite books or music may help you unwind .
18 . Do n't let clutter take over-have a clear out . Clutter causes stress and more work keeping things tidy .
19 . Make time to be with friends and family , and keep up with their news and good fortunes .
20 . Talk about things that are bothering you , be they work or personal . Solutions may be found , but if nothing else friends support friends .
21 . Avoid jealousy when things are going well for others-this negative emotion can lead to more negativity .
22 . Try to see the world through the eyes of a child . Their joy and love of life is contagious .
23 . Learn from the wisdom of older people-listen patiently when they recount stories of their youth , as they may have a lot they can teach you .
24 . Put time aside each day for time outside . The break from routine is refreshing , as is the fresh air . Take time to appreciate nature .
25 . If something causes you stress try to let it go . When stress becomes the focus of your day then it is hard to get anything else done .
26 . Learn something new every day to help keep your mind sharp .
27 . Being your own boss is hard work when you are used to having someone tell you what to do . Set goals and aim to meet them on time .
28 . Work hard to achieve goals-not meeting them can cause further delays in other work later in the week and can make it increasingly hard to get back on top . It also makes you feel bad .
29 . Make your goals small and achievable at steps along a large project-too large a goal to handle can lead to failure , especially when it is hard to estimate the needed time . Reaching these goes makes you feel good .
30 . Set goals for your life achievement as well as your work . Aim to fix up your home , lose weight , or whatever else is bothering you .
31 . Be realistic . Aiming to rule the world within two years is destined to failure , and more negative feelings .
32 . Set new goals when previous ones have been reached . Never leave yourself without the motivation of achievable goals .
33 . Thought should precede action . Ill thought out action has a greater chance of failing or going wrong .
34 . If something goes wrong with either your personal or work life , try to fix it before you go to sleep . Not doing so can spoil your sleep and prolong ill feeling .
35 . Do n't dwell on your failures , now or in the past . Chances are you wo n't remember them a few years from now .
36 . When the day is over reflect on your achievements that day , and try to forget the rest .
37 . Follow through on things that need to be done . Do n't put something aside with promises to yourself that you will do it later , because chances are you wo n't . If it needs doing , do it now .
38 . Money is n't everything , and there are times when you have to cut back on the work that you do for your own personal good . After all what is the point in working 24/7 if you have no time to enjoy it ?
39 . Supporting your family involves more than just making money . Be there for their emotional needs as well , and spend time with them so that you know what is going on in their life .
40 . Work is n't life . Make time for fun and things that you enjoy , even if that is just a bubble bath .
41 . Make work fun ! If a visit to the zoo , or a wildlife reserve can be incorporated into what you do it can ease the stress and avoid monotony .
42 . Learn when to walk away and take a break . There 's plenty that needs doing in the house if you want to change task , but do n't sit at the desk and idle . If your concentration is broken , learn when to walk away to refresh , so you can come back renewed .
43 . Where you can , make changes to eliminate the things in your life that make you unhappy .
44 . Learn to accept that there are things you can not change and make peace with them . Do n't let them be a focus of your day .
45 . Being optimistic helps you see the best in people and get the best from life . On the other hand people who expect bad things to happen normally find a way to make it so .
46 . Find time for laughter . Read a joke a day to keep your mood up , and smile more .
47 . Believe in yourself and your own future success .
48 . Do n't listen to doubters if they tell you that you can not do something-you are in control of your life .
49 . Establish a good routine and keep to it so that you know when you are working and so that you do n't run out of time , and when you can relax .
50 . Do n't stay in your pyjamas all day unless you are able to work well that relaxed . Getting dressed may help you find the right mindset for working .
What works for you ? Any tips you 'd like to add ? Please share in the comments below .
_________________________________________________________________________________
Katsuyama and their team devised a speed bump to block these kinds of tricks . At a time when everyone was getting faster , IEX decided to get slower , delaying each trade by 350 millionths of a second , a fraction of the time it takes to blink your eye . No human would notice the difference , but it was enough to throw off systems that were trying to read and then outrun buyers . Suddenly , when Katsuyama went to purchase shares , they no longer found them purchased and flipped back at a higher price . “ We solved the problem . We have a product . ”
The company , and Katsuyama in particular , rose to prominence as the stars of Michael Lewis ' best-selling book , Flash Boys . Lewis argued that modern markets were rigged , allowing high-frequency traders to pay for fast access and use that speed to front-run other traders . As a trader , Katsuyama dealt with the problem first hand . They would place a bid for a stock at a price they saw listed , and then find there were no shares available at that price . “ They could detect my order at BATS , race me to the next exchange , and cancel their sell orders while buying whatever is left , then turn around and try and sell stock back to me at a higher price , ” said Katsuyama .
This evening the Securities and Exchange Commission approved an application by a startup called IEX to become a full-fledged stock exchange . By approving IEX , the SEC was giving its stamp of approval to one of the most high-profile challenges to the current Wall Street regime . Co-founded by a Canadian trader named Brad Katsuyama , IEX is designed to be a market free from high-frequency traders who use their speed to skim profits off the orders from ordinary citizens .
The system , which opened for trading in October of 2013 , proved very popular , drawing praise and business from big banks like J.P. Morgan and investors like Franklin Templeton . On the average day , 280 million shares are now traded through IEX , making it the second-largest platform for trading stocks outside of the traditional exchanges . But as long as it remained an alternative trading system , sometimes called a dark pool , IEX could never grow as big as full-fledged stock exchanges . So , last year IEX put in an application to become a stock exchange . The incumbents mounted a lobbying campaign against IEX Not surprisingly the incumbent exchanges — NYSE , NASDAQ , and BATS — all Not surprisingly the incumbent exchanges — NYSE , NASDAQ , and BATS — all mounted a case against IEX . So did high-frequency trading shops like Citadel and Hudson River Trading . The normally sleepy process of approving an exchange application became a heated public battle , playing out in comments to the SEC , editorials in the press , lobbying in Washington , and legal threats . The SEC , under intense pressure from lobbying groups backed by the incumbents , delayed the process twice , extending it six months past the original deadline . The ability for HFT firms to front-run orders has been widely established , but allowing them to operate can be profitable for nearly everyone but the client who wants to execute a trade . Over the last decade , a new practice has emerged : payment for order flow . Firms like Citadel and KCG pay brokers to get lots of orders , volume which high-frequency traders can then skim profits from . Meanwhile , the HFT firms pay the exchanges for data feeds , faster speeds , and even placement of their hardware next to the computers that run the exchange , allowing them to eliminate latency and more easily outmaneuver the average trader . This revenue has become the principal driver of growth for exchanges . IEX , by contrast , does not pay for order flow , and does not sell `` feeds or speeds '' to traders . Exorcising the ghost of Bernie Madoff As IEX has grown in size and prominence , many of the predatory practices it shuns have come under scrutiny from law enforcement . In January , Barclays and Credit Suisse both settled with the New York state attorney general after being accused of misleading investors , essentially routing their orders to dark pools where they were picked off by high-frequency traders . Barclays admitted to violating securities laws and misleading investors . In May , news broke that Citadel and KCG , another massive high-frequency trading firm , were under investigation by the Justice Department . Senators and many others have called for an end to payment for order flow , a practice pioneered by none other than Bernie Madoff . As IEX has grown in size and prominence , many of the predatory practices it shuns have come under scrutiny from law enforcement . In January , Barclays and Credit Suisse both settled with the New York state attorney general after being accused of misleading investors , essentially routing their orders to dark pools where they were picked off by high-frequency traders . Barclays admitted to violating securities laws and misleading investors . In May , news broke that Citadel and KCG , another massive high-frequency trading firm , were under investigation by the Justice Department . Senators and many others have called for an end to payment for order flow , a practice pioneered by none other than Bernie Madoff .
So what 's stopping the SEC from approving IEX ? The main argument made by opponents is that its speed bump will interfere with the smooth functioning of today 's fast-moving markets . `` The proposed IEX Access Delay and IEX protected quotation status would degrade market efficiency and unnecessarily interfere with trading and quoting on other venues , '' wrote Citadel in its comment to the SEC . `` The way a properly functioning market operates is by ensuring that the orders go to the markets where the orders are the best . By slowing down their outgoing market data , it becomes very difficult to determine who has the best price , and where to send that order to , '' says Larry Tabb , CEO of an influential market research firm . `` While it 's going over the speed bump , no one knows that this order exists . '' By that logic , the IEX speed bump could hurt investors whose trades are sent awry . `` It 's complete horseshit . '' But many market participants do n't buy the argument at all . `` We 're taking about a delay of 350 microseconds or fewer , '' says Eric Hunsader , CEO of Nanex , a market research firm . `` Most of the exchange clocks will easily ebb and flow by that amount over time . So it 's complete horseshit . '' Sal Arnuk , the co-founder of Themis trading , concurs . `` That 's a shiny lure the detractors are trying to use to draw attention from the real argument , '' Arnuk said . `` There are plenty of three- and four-millisecond latencies already out there in everyday trading . It 's laughable . ''
The comment letters for and against IEX are telling . In favor are individual investors , academics , former market regulators , and even some large brokers and high-frequency trading shops . In opposition you find only the high-frequency traders who have been profiting off the current state of affairs and the exchanges that would compete directly with IEX for business . `` There are people that were able to take advantage of the situation for a long time , and make tremendous amounts of money , '' says Alex Finkelstein , an investor with Spark Capital , who led IEX 's last round of funding . `` We 're attracted to companies that want to take on big companies . It seems scary , but those are the opportunities we love to back . '' The incumbents are now aping IEX 's methods And while incumbents have been criticizing IEX 's methods during the months that passed while the SEC delayed its decision , exchanges like NYSE and NASDAQ have been playing catch-up , building their own versions of the speed bump , although none have yet deployed them . `` All the big exchanges have now adopted IEX 's methods , '' says Hundstader . But they say most people are n't convinced by these proposed changes , because the exchanges are continuing to sell data and speed to the HFT shops . `` They are too conflicted . They are arms dealers . The income is all coming from selling direct feeds . It 's hard to switch over and become a diplomat . '' And while incumbents have been criticizing IEX 's methods during the months that passed while the SEC delayed its decision , exchanges like NYSE and NASDAQ have been playing catch-up , building their own versions of the speed bump , although none have yet deployed them . `` All the big exchanges have now adopted IEX 's methods , '' says Hundstader . But they say most people are n't convinced by these proposed changes , because the exchanges are continuing to sell data and speed to the HFT shops . `` They are too conflicted . They are arms dealers . The income is all coming from selling direct feeds . It 's hard to switch over and become a diplomat . '' The about-face from the big exchanges is a testament to the success of a startup not many people thought would succeed . Matt Harris , an investor with Bain Capital who backed IEX , remembers getting the pitch for the first time and thinking , `` It 's just yet another trading venue that was going to try to change things . A category that , for good reason , most people , including myself are very skeptical about . '' Exchanges are perhaps the purest example of a business driven by network effects , making it very hard for newcomers to offer clients a better product . `` We 've been getting our faces ripped off for seven years ? '' `` There 's this kind of deathless phrase : liquidity breeds liquidity , '' says Harris . To suffer through slower trade and less precise prices , customers would need a powerful motivation . The publication of Flash Boys was the wake-up call that galvanized opposition to the status quo , and opened the door for IEX . `` You can imagine that conversation where the portfolio manager reads the book on the beach in Aspen and comes in and then there 's the trader , '' says Harris , visualizing the moment of truth . `` We 've been getting our faces ripped off for seven years ? You 're going out to dinner with all these guys ? What the fuck ? '' After the SEC decision arrived , late on a Friday evening after the markets were closed , Katsuyama sent along the following statement . `` We are grateful and humbled by the support we 've received from the investor community , without it , we may have faced a different result . ''
THE VILLAGES – Marion County Deputies along with SWAT and FBI were called out to the VA Clinic in The Villages located at 8700 SE 165th Mulberry Lane early Tuesday morning in response to an active shooter incident .
According to one witness , a patient allegedly walked into the clinic early Tuesday morning with a gun with the intent on killing their doctor .
A single shot was fired according to the witness , however , the shooter missed and was taken down .
Occupants in the building were evacuated as Marion County deputies and SWAT cleared the scene .
According to the Marion County Sheriff 's Office , the shooter is in custody and the situation is having been contained .
The FBI has assumed control of the investigation and deputies are assisting agents during the investigation .
Officials are urging all residents to avoid the area to prevent any further traffic congestion .
More than 100,000 Americans who applied for insurance through HealthCare.gov and were told they are eligible for Medicaid or the Children 's Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) remain unenrolled because of lingering software defects in the federal online marketplace , according to federal and state health officials .
To try to provide coverage to these people before they seek medical care , the Obama administration has launched a barrage of phone calls in recent days in 21 states , advising those who applied that the quickest route into the programs is to start over at their state 's Medicaid agency .
State officials , meanwhile , are racing to cope in various ways — some enrolling people based on imperfect data files they received from Washington , others mailing letters urging eligible people to contact the state to sign up .
The chaos is likely to prove temporary because of the state and federal efforts that have just begun to help people enroll and because the coverage can be made retroactive to the first of the year .
Still , the fact that some consumers learned on HealthCare.gov that they could join the two programs but are not yet in them is creating a problem for states and confusion for the consumers . The situation also offers a glimpse of the technical problems that persist with the computer system underpinning the new federal online insurance marketplace more than a month after the Obama administration announced it had largely been fixed .
Wonkblog 's Sarah Kliff takes a look at the upcoming Obamacare dates to remember in the New Year . ( Kate M. Tobey/The Washington Post )
“ It would be ideal if we did n't have to go through this , ” said Jeremiah Samples , assistant secretary of the West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources . The department is mailing letters to 10,000 residents indicated by federal records as eligible for coverage under a Medicaid expansion , telling them to apply through a state Medicaid Web site . “ For our consumers , ” they said , “ when the system does n't work for them , it just adds unease . ”
The Idaho Department of Health and Welfare has assembled a team of five workers to send letters to 6,000 people identified through federal records , urging them to submit applications to the state , spokesperson Thomas Shanahan said . Agency officials and their mail contractor worked on New Year 's Day to prepare the materials so they could be sent first thing Thursday morning , they added . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) , the agency responsible for the federal health exchange , has been making calls to those same households .
“ I think people are resigned to the fact that we have a tremendous amount of work ahead of us in the next few months . It is not going to be easy , ” Shanahan said . “ But we have to get this right from the beginning or the frustration will continue . ”
White House senior communications adviser Tara McGuinness said the issue “ impacts a small fraction of Americans who will have access to health care from Medicaid . ”
McGuinness noted that 3.9 million people around the country were found to be eligible for Medicaid or CHIP on the state level during October and November , a figure that includes new registrants and renewals . The more than 100,000 people who have not made it into the programs are among nearly 270,000 who applied through HealthCare.gov during that period and a still-unreported number in December who were informed that they qualified for Medicaid or CHIP .
McGuinness predicted that everyone who qualifies for the coverage will be enrolled soon . “ One hundred percent of those who are having issues are being contacted by us or the states , ” they said . They also pointed out that some people might benefit from another part of the Affordable Care Act that has just taken effect , which expands hospitals ' latitude to enroll certain patients in Medicaid for three months while they apply for the program .
The Medicaid problem affects two groups of people who sought coverage through the new federal exchange and were steered , based on their income , toward the two public insurance programs instead of private health plans .
One group consists of consumers in the 26 states that have expanded their Medicaid programs and for whom new coverage should have begun Jan. 1 . The other is low-income people around the country who decided to apply during the past few months because federal law now requires most Americans to have health insurance .
The problem is that a basic feature of HealthCare.gov is not yet working . In the federal insurance exchange , on which three dozen states rely , consumers who apply for coverage submit information about their income . The system then tells them whether they qualify for a federal subsidy to buy a private health plan or , alternatively , whether their income is low enough that they belong in Medicaid or CHIP , public insurance programs that are a shared responsibility of the federal government and states .
When people qualify for those programs , the system is supposed to transfer their application to a computer system in their state and enroll them automatically . Software defects are preventing that from happening .
As a result , those consumers have been told since the site 's Oct. 1 launch to contact their state Medicaid agencies . Neither federal health officials nor those in individual states have been tracking how many have done so .
In recent weeks , CMS has been working with 10 states — chosen because their computer systems were thought to be best able to receive the federal data — to test the automatic transfer and try to get it working .
Interviews with Medicaid officials in most of the 10 states indicate that the effort got off to a rocky start . The idea at first was for CMS to try sending records containing information on about 200 people eligible for Medicaid to each of the 10 states , but the goal was winnowed to 50 records and then to 10 , and even fewer in some places . Some of the records sent did not arrive , and some that did contained errors , including people with addresses in other states , according to state Medicaid officials .
In Tennessee , for instance , only three of 10 records arrived the first time CMS tried sending them in mid-December , and the rest disappeared . Shortly before Christmas , CMS attempted to send 10 more and none arrived , according to Tracy Purcell , TennCare 's director of member services . Delaware , meanwhile , received five of the first 10 attempted transfers , according to Stephen Groff , the state 's director of Medicaid and Medical Assistance .
As it became clear by late fall that the automatic-transfer system might not be working in time , federal officials and states began to devise contingency plans . One was to let states use “ flat files ” that CMS would send , containing rudimentary information about people from the state , some of whom appeared to be eligible for Medicaid .
These files originally were not intended as a basis for enrollment but to give states a rough idea of what to expect when the automatic transfers began . By the end of November , however , CMS officials gave the 26 states expanding Medicaid the option of relying on these files to enroll people in Medicaid . Five states accepted that option and have been pouring everyone who appears eligible onto their Medicaid rolls ; they are sending out letters informing people that they are in the program .
Other states , however , have found problems with the interim files . The New Mexico Human Services Department is contacting 15,361 people based on the records , spokesperson Matt Kennicott said , but it first had to weed out 45 names of people with addresses outside the state .
In West Virginia , the Medicaid expansion requires some patients to pay for part of their care , depending on their income . But Samples said the files have not contained the income information needed to figure out who must make co-payments .
In Pennsylvania , Medicaid officials decided late last week that they could no longer hope that the automatic transfer would start in time . So on New Year 's Eve , spokesperson Kait Gillis sent a consumer alert : “ Thousands of low-income Pennsylvanians who applied through the federal government 's website and were determined eligible or potentially eligible for Medicaid or Children 's Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) coverage may find out they were not enrolled as anticipated as of Jan. 1 . ”
The alert tells people they will get a phone call asking them to apply to the state 's Department of Public Welfare and “ asks for patience from these customers , as [ the agency works ] to manually process the more than 25,000 applications affected by the file transfer issues . ”
Other states , including Alabama and Nebraska , are relying entirely on CMS to encourage people eligible for Medicaid or CHIP who enrolled on the federal Web site to apply now through their state 's agency .
Federal officials are still working on the automatic transfers and have begun to make some headway with small samples of the many thousand pending records . New Mexico received 162 of the 200 accounts CMS sent electronically Friday , while technical problems plagued the rest . Delaware received all 200 accounts transferred the same day , which Groff called “ a great first step . ”
Andrea Maresca , director of federal policy for the National Association of Medicaid Directors , said CMS officials have not told states when the computer system can be expected to start working as it should . But given that federal officials were encouraging states as recently as Christmas week to use the interim files as a backup plan , Maresca said , “ one could read it to say it 's going to be some time . ”
In addition to the Medicaid troubles , insurance industry officials say the computer system continues to be unreliable in generating enrollment reports for health plans so that they know who their new customers are .
And now that the coverage has taken effect this past week , another defect in the federal exchange has come into focus : It can not adjust coverage to reflect changes in people 's lives such as a new baby or a new address .
CMS spokesperson Aaron Albright said agency officials “ are currently working with insurers to find ways to make changing coverage easier while we develop an automated way for consumers to update their coverage directly ” through the federal system .
Wake Up America - Share Pat 's Columns !
Returning from Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta dropped some jolting news .
Asked by CBS 's Scott Pelley if Iran could have a nuclear weapon in 2012 , Panetta replied : “ It would probably be about a year before they could do it . Perhaps a little less . But one proviso , Scott , is that if they have a hidden facility somewhere in Iran that may be enriching fuel . ”
Panetta was saying the mullahs are a year or less away from an atom bomb , and if they have a hidden site for enriching uranium to weapons grade , they may be even closer .
“ That is a red line for us , ” Panetta added . “ If we get intelligence they are proceeding with developing a nuclear weapon , then we will take whatever steps necessary to deal with it . ”
Panetta is raising the specter of pre-emptive war .
When Pelley 's report hit , however , the Pentagon immediately began to walk the cat back .
“ The secretary was clear that we have no indication that the Iranians have made a decision to develop a nuclear weapon , ” said Pentagon press secretary George Little . “ He ( Panetta ) did n't say that Iran would , in fact , have a nuclear weapon in 2012 . ”
Little added that U.N. inspectors remain in Iran and have access to its uranium stockpile , and should Iran attempt a “ breakout ” by diverting low-enriched uranium to a hidden facility to convert it to weapons grade , U.N. inspectors would instantly detect the diversion .
“ We would retain sufficient time under any such scenario to take appropriate action , ” said Little .
In short , the Pentagon does not believe Iran has made a decision to build atomic weapons , and the department is confident that , should it do so , the United States would have ample warning .
Little 's definitive statement , “ We have no indication that the Iranians have made a decision to develop a nuclear weapon , ” coincides with the consensus of all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies , including the CIA and Defense Intelligence Agency , in December 2007 .
In that report , the entire U.S. intelligence community stated unanimously , with “ high confidence , ” that Iran had given up its drive for an atom bomb back in 2003 .
Yet the Pentagon ‘ s categorical statement this week , and the 2007 declaration by the entire U.S. intelligence community that Iran abandoned its bomb program in 2003 , raises a question .
How could the International Atomic Energy Agency conclude , as it did last month , that Iran “ has carried out activities relevant to the development of a nuclear device ” ? Did the IAEA discover clandestine bomb-building that our own intelligence community failed to detect ?
If Iran is doing experiments consistent with building an atomic bomb , as the IAEA reports , why does the U.S. intelligence community not revise and update its 2007 report ? Why are CIA and DIA silent ?
This is no minor matter . For not only have Panetta and Barack Obama talked about “ all options on the table ” regarding Iran — i.e. , we do not rule out military strikes — so , too , have the GOP presidential candidates , save Rep. Ron Paul .
Sen. Rick Santorum says we are already at war :
“ Iran is a country that has been at war with us since 1979 . … The Iranians are the existential threat to Israel . ”
In fierce rebuttal to Paul 's suggestion that the real threat to America is being stampeded into a new war , Rep. Michele Bachmann retorted :
“ We know beyond the shadow of a doubt that Iran will take a nuclear weapon , they will use it to wipe our ally Israel off the face of the map . … The Iran Constitution … states unequivocally that their mission is to extend jihad across the world and eventually to set up a worldwide caliphate . ”
But is all this consistent or credible ?
If Iran is an “ existential threat ” to Israel and intends to use a bomb it is now building on Israel , why have the Israelis , with 200 to 300 nuclear weapons , who have bombed both Iraqi and Syrian nuclear sites , not removed that “ existential threat ” themselves ?
Second , assume the Bachmann horror scenario that we know “ beyond the shadow of a doubt ” that Iran , as soon as it gets the bomb it is building , will use it on Israel . If that is so , who does Bachmann think will then be establishing that caliphate in an Iran that an Israeli retaliatory strike will have reduced to atomic ash ?
Lest we forget , the Israelis are a “ Never Again ! ” nation .
And there is another serious matter here . While Obamaites , neocons and Republicans are talking about “ all options on the table , ” the war option , if we still have a Constitution , can not be used against a nation that has not attacked us , unless Congress , which alone has the power to declare war , has authorized military action .
Palestinian officials have met their Syrian counterparts as well as Syrian rebels in an effort to mediate a solution to the long-running civil war in Syria , Palestinian officials told The Media Line .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The offer came after Saudi Arabia asked Abbas , who has good relations with Syria , Iran , and Russia to push forward a Saudi proposal for a deal in Syria .
Abbas , the peace mediator ? ( Photo : EPA )
Abbas met the Syrian officials in Cairo recently when Arab leaders gathered to celebrate the opening of the newly expanded Suez Canal . They were acting on a request from Saudi officials , Tayseer Khaled , a longtime member of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) told The Media Line .
“ We are suggesting the formation of a transitional government in Syria with broad powers , ” they said . “ All sides should stop using weapons , and there should be elections for a new president . ”
They said that a `` constituent assembly should be elected for one year to draft a new constitution which would mark the beginning of a transition to a democratic state , and that parliamentary elections would be held under the new elected legislative authority . ”
Continued fighting in Syria . ( Photo : EPA )
The proposal is very similar to the Saudi plan , which also eliminates Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad as a potential candidate for the country 's next president . Iran , which has poured money and sent thousands of fighters to help Assad , has offered a different proposal , according to recent media reports , in which Syria would be divided into mini-states according to which part of Syria various groups control . The city of Aleppo , which has been the focus of much of the fighting , would be under international control .
The Syrian civil war has ground on for more than four years , leaving at least 240,000 people dead . Millions of Syrians have become refugees with neighboring countries in the Middle East straining their resources .
The Shi'ite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia have long been bitter enemies , and rancor has grown over Saudi attacks on Houthi rebels in Yemen , who are supported by Iran . In many ways , the two countries are jockeying for position in the Middle East , and perhaps ironically , it is the Palestinians who have ties with both sides .
Ahmed Majdalani , a member of the PLO Executive Committee , was in Iran last week to discuss a series of issues with Iranian officials , including the deal to limit Iran 's nuclear weapons , which is sharply opposed by Israel . Abbas has announced their intention to visit Iran in the next few months .
After their visit , Majdalani told Palestinian Radio that their trip had been successful and that Iran and “ Palestine ” will cooperate in several spheres , including economic and diplomatic . ”
Opening the new Suez Canal where Abbas met with Syrian officials . ( Photo : EPA )
“ Palestine is keen to end the crisis in Syria , because the Palestinian refugees there have paid a heavy price , ” Basem Zubaidi , a political analyst at Bir Zeit University in the West Bank told The Media Line . Hundreds of Palestinians in the Yarmouk refugee camp near Damascus have been killed in the fighting in Syria , and the camp , which used to house 160,000 Palestinians is virtually deserted .
Zubaidi also said that Abbas has close ties with new Saudi King Salman , and the Palestinian president is also close to Russia .
“ The Palestinian Authority ( PA ) is not a party to any dispute or any axis and that is very important , ” they said .
The budding relationship between the PA and Iran has grown as ties between Iran and the Islamist Hamas movement which control the Gaza Strip , have cooled . Iran has sharply cut its financial assistance to Hamas , and has been angry over Hamas support for Saudi Arabia 's attacks on the Houthis in Yemen . Hamas leader Khaled Meshal 's planned visit to Iran recently was cancelled , to show Iran 's anger over Hamas ' efforts to move closer to Saudi Arabia .
Palestinian officials say they are the only ones with close ties to all of the parties involved in Syria , and hope to boost their diplomatic credibility as they plan to approach the United Nations in the coming months with a new UN Security Council resolution to recognize them as an independent state .
Filmmaker Joel Gilbert , the conspiracy theorist who believes President Obama has a secret Muslim prayer inscribed on their wedding ring , made a splash in 2012 when they said Obama had plastic surgery to conceal that their real father was labor activist Frank Marshall Davis , who raised their son to lead a communist revolution .
Four years later , and just in time for Election Day , Gilbert is back with a new film alleging that Bill Clinton has a 30-year-old son with a black prostitute . Oon Tuesday , Gilbert hauled the young man to Washington and gave them a speech to read to the TV cameras at the National Press Club .
`` As you can see I 'm the black son of former president Bill Clinton and the stepson of Hillary Clinton , '' the young man , Danney Williams , read as Gilbert , off to the side , mouthed many of the words .
Actually , you could see them as Clinton 's son only if you imagined Clinton six inches shorter , with a different build and different facial features . But no matter .
Williams ' DNA was tested , 17 years ago , when their mother sold it and their story to a tabloid , which compared the boy 's genetic material to Clinton 's DNA markers and concluded that Clinton was n't their father .
That essentially ended the intrigue — until late last year , when longtime Donald Trump adviser Roger Stone declared : `` I will get justice for Danney Williams — stay tuned . '' The Trump confidant had decided the original DNA work was wrong , and they teamed up to make that case with conspiracy-minded radio host Alex Jones , an avid Trump backer who lent their InfoWars news outlet to the cause .
Gilbert , who was hired by Stone 's pro-Trump super PAC to design a `` Super Trump '' billboard for Times Square in September , made a film about Williams . Breitbart News , whose former chief Stephen Bannon now runs Trump 's campaign , and the Drudge Report began to trumpet the long-debunked love-child story . Gilbert is a fixture on InfoWars , which live-streamed Tuesday 's event .
If past is prologue , Trump will , in this final week of the campaign , find a way to mention the story of Bill Clinton 's love child . Stone to Jones to Bannon to Trump : This is how Trump legitimizes the fringe .
Trump , who has hailed Jones ' `` amazing '' reputation , has parroted claims made by Jones ( and often by Stone ) that American Muslims celebrated the 9/11 attacks , that the election is `` rigged '' against Trump , that Antonin Scalia was murdered , that Hillary Clinton used drugs before a debate and , of course , that Obama 's birth certificate was fake .
Most ominously , Trump has echoed the `` globalist '' conspiracy theories embraced by Stone , Jones and Bannon , full of anti-Semitic tropes . In October , Trump blamed a `` global power structure '' for wrecking the economy and said Clinton `` meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S . sovereignty . ''
Williams ' motives seem unclear . They said Tuesday they were seeking the former president 's DNA because `` I want to know my dad . '' But moments later they called Clinton a `` deadbeat '' and a `` big felon . '' Williams wants to raise $ 100,000 for their campaign but said they had only $ 2,800 ; Gilbert booked the room and said they funded the film .
Gilbert quickly lost control of the event . One woman declared they were going to baptize Williams and then , failing to find oil in their handbag , performed the ritual with bottled water . There were prayers and laying on of hands and shouts from the participants that the press is `` racist '' and `` bought off . '' Conservative activist Cliff Kincaid told the gathering I was there `` to write a story making fun of '' Williams .
But I would n't make fun of Williams . The ones worthy of ridicule are the powerful and unscrupulous men exploiting him .
— Follow Dana Milbank on Twitter , @ Milbank .
Police are keeping close watch on the Oakland Convention Center . Wednesday afternoon , anarchist demonstrators clashed with officers when they were denied entrance to a conference on human trafficking .
Demonstrators , calling themselves `` Occupy Patriarchy '' gathered outside the convention center to protest the conference happening inside , but it was n't long before it was clear that demonstrators behind the `` FTP '' rallies had a different agenda .
An interview we were conducting was interrupted by protestors using bullhorns to blast us down repeatedly , accusing us of being part of a larger conspiracy to assist police .
Inside , more than 430 registered guest and 70 presenters were meeting to discuss ways to end human trafficking and the exploitation of children . A crime , organizers say , that is on the rise and the victims even younger .
`` The average is now , what we 're looking at about 13 years old , but we do have some kids who have come in as young as 11 , '' said Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley .
But protesters were not there to listen , they were there to demonstrate . They knocked down police barriers and vandalized the doors of the conference center . They say that to focus on this is to distort their message . They say that this conference is just a launching pad for continued repression of sex workers and the further empowerment of police agencies at their expense .
`` What we 're saying is that if you really want to help these people , this is not the way to do it , '' said demonstrator Catilin Manning . `` If you really want to help these people figure out where the traffickers are coming in . Maybe you should police the port . ''
The HEAT ( Human Exploitation and Trafficking ) campaign has had success . In Alameda County since 2011 there have been more than 250 prosecutions and 180 successful convictions .
The conference runs through Friday , and anarchists have promised to return .
Democracy and journalism are inextricably linked through an interdependence that now faces serious challenges . Western democracy over centuries has been protected and challenged by high quality , independent , evidence-led reporting and is under threat from the degeneration of reporting standards in the mass media , and the misuse of information by our representatives , particularly in the social media . Professional journalism may be the last thread sustaining these traditions of accountability for truth in communication . How does the emerging generation of leaders , ensure the University of Alberta 's motto `` Whatsoever things are true '' be upheld for the protection of our democracies ?
Join the PLLC and guest speakers for this important conversation :
The Right Honourable Kim Campbell | PLLC Founding Principal
Mark Iype | Editor-in-Chief Edmonton Journal
Paula Simons | Journalist Edmonton Journal
Marion Warnica | CBC News
Jason Markusoff | Journalist Macleans
Josh Greschner | The Gateway Editor-in-Chief
FAQs
What are my transportation/parking options for getting to and from the event ?
Pay parking is available in the Corbett Hall parking lot . Corbett Hall is also located near the LRT at the Health Sciences stop .
Are guests permitted ?
Yes , this event is open to PLLC scholars , Mentor team members and the community .
Will this event be available remotely for Augustana scholars ?
Yes , this event will be available via Lifesize . Please register
If we fall , it will be on the corpses of our enemies
Syrian Army downs Daesh radio-controlled aircraft ,
kills number of mercenary-terrorists in Deir Ezzor
( 5/6/2017 ) ~Syrian Arab Army units , backed by the Syrian army air force , engaged last night in violent clashes with Daesh ( ISIS , ISIL , IS ) -affiliated terrorist groups at the southern axis of Deir Ezzor City . For the third day in a row , army units clashed with Daesh-affiliated terrorist groups in the area of al-Panorama , the surroundings of the Regiment 137 and al-Maqaber “ cemeteries ” area while the fiercest clashes took place at the hills of Syriatel and Um Abboud to the south of Deir Ezzor . Syrian News Agency 's reporters said that the clashes were accompanied by intensive raids carried out by the army air force and bombardments on the fortifications and the supply routes of Daesh in al-Bghailiye , Tharda valley , the surroundings of Talet al-Sunouf , al-Taim crossroads , Kou ' a al-Mayadeen , al-Panorama farms , al-Makabbat , Talet al-Rasad , the oil stations of al-Sham , al-Azem and al-Iman , al-Taim School and the Technical Institute . A radio-controlled aircraft was downed in the operations in the area of al-Panorama and a number of terrorists were killed , in addition to destroying their fortifications . Kuwaiti terrorists Abu al-Qasem al-Mutairi and Abu Mohammad al-Ahmadi , Saudi terrorist Abu Khadija al-Jazrawi and Moroccan terrorist Abu Othman were identified among the killed terrorists .
Syrian Arab restores security and stability to Maskaneh strategic town , regains control over new areas in Aleppo
Aleppo
( 4/6/2017 ) ~Syrian Army units on Sunday restored security and stability to the strategic town of Maskaneh and a number of towns and significant facilities , including Samomah , al-Aziziyeh and Wardah Kabirah . A military source that the army units regained full control over the 2nd and 3rd water pumping stations and the large electricity generators of al-Khafseh water pumping station in the eastern countryside of Aleppo after inflicting heavy losses upon Daesh ( ISIL , ISIS , IS…apes ) mercenary-terrorist organization in personnel and equipment . The source added that the engineering units dismantled the mines and explosive devices which were planted by Daesh terrorists in the streets and in the surroundings of the towns and villages .
Deir Ezzor
Army units , backed by the army air force , carried out intensive operations against gatherings and positions of ISIS terrorists in Deir Ezzor . SANA reporter said that army units engaged in violent clashes with ISIS-affiliated terrorist groups that infiltrated into the area of al-Panorama and Talet Um Abboud on the southern outskirts of the city . The reporter added that the clashes were accompanied by airstrikes and bombardments against ISIS supply routes as scores of terrorists were killed and injured and their ammunition and arms were destroyed . The army air force also carried out intensive airstrikes against positions of ISIS terrorists in the farms of al-Panorama , the area of Kou ' a al-Mayadin and the surroundings of al-Tharda Mountain and al-Taim oil field , inflicting heavy losses upon the terrorists in the arms and personnel . Hama
Air force and artillery of the Syrian Army destroyed gatherings and positions of ISIS terrorists in Akash , Um Mail , al-Hardana , Abu Hbeilat , al-Arshouna and Uqeirbat in the eastern countryside of Hama Province . An army unit destroyed a rocket launcher that ISIS terrorists were using for shelling Aqareb al-Safiyeh village in the countryside of Salamiyeh city in Hama province .
Syrian Army units establish control over 22 towns in Aleppo countryside , more than 1200 terrorists killed
Aleppo~ ( 3/6/2017 ) ~Syrian Arab Army units on Saturday re-established full control over 22 towns in the eastern countryside of Aleppo , killing more than 1200 terrorists . The source added that the army reestablished control over the towns and farms of al-Asilan , al-Fakhha , Khrbet al-Fakhha , al-Mezzeh al-Shamaliyeh , al-Ghar city , Jeb al-Hamam , Maskaneh wheat hermitages , al-Ajouziyeh , al-Ramadaniyeh , al-Masoudiyeh , al-Mahmoudiyeh , Jadiaa kabira and jadiaa Saghira , al-Hamra , al-Nua'imiyeh , alFaisaliyeh , al-Mowaniyeh , al-Kaltah , Um Rejel , Um Hajrah , al-Taybbeh and Rasem al-Ghazal . It added that more than 1200 ISIS terrorists were killed including Abu Hozaifa al-Lyibi , a military leader of ISIS , and hundreds of others got injured the military operations carried out in the eastern countryside of Aleppo . Some 101 vehicles , 4 tanks , 2 BMPs , 7 cannons and mortars 12 command centers for the terrorists were destroyed as a result of the army 's operations . Other terrorist leaders identified among the dead are Abu Jihad al-Souri , Osama Izz-Eddin Burghul , Mustafa Abdil-Badie Qanbar , Saif-Eddin Muhannad Jahjah , Mohammad Awwad al-Kildani , Abu Sayyaf Zein-Eddin al-Tunisi , Qutaiba Abdul-Nafei al-Thaqlan , Bassam al-Shaabo and Ziad Hassoun .
Earlier , the Army units , in cooperation with backing forces carried out a number of intensive operations against the ISIS positions in the southeastern countryside of Aleppo , establishing control over the northeastern and middle parts of al-Tweihina Mountains to the east of Khanaser-Athria axis in the southeastern side of Aleppo countryside . A number of the ISIS terrorists were killed in the operations and their equipment and fortifications were destroyed . Deir Ezzor
The army units carried out bombardments and airstrikes against ISIS positions and movement axes in Talet Alloush , al-Thardeh roundabout , al-Makabbat , the Panorama area and the surrounding hills , Palmyra road , al-Rashdiyeh neighborhood and in the villages of al-Jenineh and Aiyyash in Deir Ezzor province . A military source told SANA Saturday that the army operations killed more than 70 ISIS terrorists and destroyed 4 machineguns-equipped vehicles , canons , a tank and a truck .
Meanwhile , SANA reporter in Deir Ezzor said that the army units carried out intensified operations against the ISIS movement axes and gatherings on the axes of the Cemeteries and al-Maqabar areas , al-Thardeh Mountain , Juniad battalion , Talet Alloush , Talet Milad , the Panorama Farms , the youth housing and in the surroundings of 137 regiments . The source added that the army inflicted heavy losses upon the ISIS terrorists in personnel . Homs
A military source confirmed that new areas in the Syrian Badiya ( desert ) with an area of /1400/ square kilometers have been controlled by the Syrian army during the military operations carried out in the past 24 hours , targeting positions and gatherings of ISIS terrorists eastern Palmyra in Homs countryside . The source said that army units supported by allies regained control over an area of /1400/ square km in the Syrian Badiya , killing or injuring many of ISIS terrorists and destroying their weapons . The source pointed out that the army units in cooperation with the allies continue the military operations against the terrorist organization of ISIS in several axes in the Syrian Badiya and chase down the terrorists there .
Syrian Army kills scores of Daesh apes in several areas
Army and Armed Forces units killed scores of ISIS terrorists in Hama , Deir Ezzor , and Homs provinces . Hama
( 2/6/2017 ) ~Army units targeted with artillery fire hideouts of ISIS terrorists in the eastern countryside of Hama province , killing and injuring scores of terrorists . A military source told SANA that an army unit killed more than 15 ISIS terrorists with precise artillery and light weapons fire that targeted their hideouts and movements in al-Barghouthiye village 10 km east of Salamiyeh city . The source also said that an army unit killed scores of ISIS terrorists and destroyed their vehicles in the villages of Abu Hbailat and Oum Mael in the eastern countryside of Salamiyeh . Deir Ezzor
An army unit clashes with members of an ISIS terrorist group who tried to infiltrate from the direction of al-Hweiqeh neighborhood to attack a military post in the area . The infiltration attempt was foiled as a result of the clashes , with the terrorists getting killed or injured and their weapons and equipment destroyed . Army units destroyed centers and fortified positions of ISIS terrorists , leaving many of them dead or injured , in the surroundings of the graveyards and al-Banorama areas , Tallet Brouk and Alloush in Deir Ezzor city and its surroundings . Homs
A military source said that the army air force carried out intensive airstrikes on ISIS movement axes in the area of Jib al-Jarrah , about 75 km east of Homs city . According to the source , the Syrian warplanes destroyed ISIS vehicles and positions in the villages of Western Habra , Eastern Habra , Rasm al-Sab ' a , al-Rabieh , al-Shiha and Rasm al-Arnab in the eastern countryside of Homs .
Syrian Arab Army kills over 50 Daesh terrorists in Homs , Deir Ezzor , destroys vehicles and command centers in Hama
Homs
( 1/6/2017 ) ~Syrian Arab Army units targeted Daesh positions in the villages of Manoukh , Abu Taraha , Khan al-Ssera , Unq al-Hawa , Abu al- Tabbabir , Jeb Habel and Ghunaimat , east of al-Mustadira Mountains and east of Jeb al-jarrah in the eastern countryside of Homs . A military source told SANA Thursday that a number of ISIS terrorists were killed and many of their vehicles and cars , some equipped with machineguns and cannons , were destroyed in precise air strikes and artillery fire . Hama
In Hama , Army units continued its military operations and launched heavy air and artillery strikes which started on Wednesday morning against all positions and movements of ISIS terrorists in the eastern countryside of Salamyieh in Hama province . A military source told SANA that that the army units launched air and artillery strikes against command and communication centers and movements of ISIS terrorist groups in al-Barghouthiyeh , Arshouneh , Abu Habilat , Um Mil , Akash and Tabbaret al-Dibeh to the east of Salamyieh city , inflicting heavy losses upon the terrorist groups in personnel and arms . SANA reporter said that the military operation against ISIS terrorists ' positions east of Salamyieh city prevented the terrorists ' attacks on the villages and the residential gatherings in the area . The reporter affirmed the importance of the operation carried out by the army units to the effect of eradicating terrorism in the city and cutting off the terrorists ' supply routes towards al-Shaer area and Jib al-Jarrah in the eastern countryside of Homs . The military source added that the army units , in cooperation with allied forces , continued operations against ISIS terrorists on more than one direction in the Syrian Badia , inflicting heavy losses upon them in personnel and weaponry . Deir Ezzor
In Deir Ezzor , the Syrian Air Force launched intensive strikes against movements and supply routes of ISIS terrorists in the city . SANA reporter said that the strikes targeted ISIS terrorists ' sites and gatherings in al-Mouhandseen , al-Makabbat areas , al-Thurdah mountain , Sater al-Islah , al-Hadi gathering , Hweijet Saker and the villages of Hweijet al-Mareiaieh and al-Bghailieh , destroying several barricades and vehicles and killing a number of terrorists . In another context , a military cargo aircraft dropped parachutes carrying food aid to the besieged residential neighborhoods of Deir Ezzor to be distributed to the locals through the branch of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent ( SARC ) in the city . Army units carried out air , machine gun and artillery strikes against ISIS terrorists ' sites and movements at the Euphrates river crossing and near the Open Heart hospital in Deir Ezzor city and its surroundings . The source affirmed the death of more than 50 ISIS terrorists as a result of the strikes and the destruction of a boat , a heavy machinegun and two vehicles , one equipped with a cannon , belonging to the terrorists .
Syrian desert : the SAA military operations against the armed mercenary-terrorist gangs are ongoing
click on map to enlarge ~ here for the original link
NOTE : The contents of the articles , speeches or comments on this page are of sole responsibility of their authors . The team and the editorial staff of SyrianFreePress do not necessarily subscribe every point of view expressed and are not responsible for any inaccurate , incorrect or offensive statement in this article . Complaints and corrections ( verifiable ) will be welcomed and accepted . Copyright owners can notify their claims to us , and the verified contents will be removed .
SCROLL DOWN TO READ OR LEAVE COMMENTS
Advertisements
About
Looking for our PayPal Store ? Here is it !
We 've decided to remove the Alice : Otherlands stretch goal from this campaign and start another Kickstarter just for Alice . Please , do not pledge to those tiers so we may remove them . Stay tuned for more information !
Need a spreadsheet of the tiers to compare rewards . We 've made one for you !
OZombie is a narrative-driven action-adventure game set within an alternate version of the Oz universe created by L. Frank Baum . The game 's themes and characters are inspired by Baum 's deeply imaginative books ( all 14 of them ! ) then filtered through the story and art treatment you 've seen applied to our other games like Alice : Madness Returns and Akaneiro : Demon Hunters .
OZombie will be first and foremost a single player game . You 'll play as Dorothy and be able to persuade many of the captivating fiction 's familiar characters such as TikTok and Billina to join your hunting party
will be first and foremost a single player game . You 'll play as Dorothy and be able to persuade many of the captivating fiction 's familiar characters such as TikTok and Billina to join your party OZombie will also support an optional multiplayer mode , which you can unlock after finishing the single player experience . In multiplayer you 'll be able to select from a range of player characters and enjoy competitive features like Raids and Tournaments ..
The game will :
Feature a variety of perspectives and game modes with an emphasis on role-playing , tactical combat , exploration and story telling .
Feature exploration and role-play in a 3rd-person perspective with a turn-based streamlined combat .
Be developed using Unity 3D technology
Be delivered to most platforms Unity3D can target , but initially launch on Linux , Mac , PC ( Windows ) and latest-gen tablets .
Be localized for play world-wide ( EFIGS and more ) .
Support offline single-player mode , though you 'll need to complete a one-time online website registration in order to download your game .
Contain NO form of DRM .
If you enjoyed Scrapland or the Zelda games , then this will be a game for you . Join the fight against Scarecrow and their demented minions and restore the ruined world of Oz to its former glory . .
`` Emerald City '' in background -- illus .
While inspired by Baum , our Oz will be a non-conformist version , distinct from both their original , and ALL subsequent adaptations ( including American 's Oz project , which Atari killed nearly a decade ago ) . Honoring Baum 's sublime vision , Oz is a real place , rather than a young girl 's dream . That idea was an MGM invention .
Our antagonist is Scarecrow , once king of the Emerald City , later ousted in a coup , and eventually exiled to a life of solitude , despite being described as `` the wisest man in all Oz . '' There 's a lot of frustration , misunderstanding and rage contained within their life 's journey . After enduring such insults , who can blame them for wanting to retake their rightful position and establish an Oz where their intelligence and rule will never again be questioned ?
Our Oz is mystical , filled with magic , enchantment , and a vast collection of unique “ Ozite ” artifacts . Where Scarecrow holds sway , you 'll find adapted and evolved hardware imported by visitors from other lands , usually represented in a style called `` steampunk , '' which has its own particular look and feel . Other countries still under resistance retain much of the beauty of Oz .
The Land of Oz , as in the books , is divided into four diverse countries , with four distinctive populations – Munchkins are in the East , Winkies in the West ; Gillikins in the North and Quadlings in the South . At the center of Oz you 'll find the legendary Emerald City , the capital and home to the ruler of Oz . Beyond these native territories and the deadly deserts that surround them are many more lands to be explored .
`` Map of the Countries Near to the Land of Oz '' -- illus .
Our Oz , distant and remote , is an island set in the Pacific Ocean . Freed from the constraints and conventions of Western culture , we can explore themes of society and self-reliance in a sort of 'clean room ' environment . Dorothy will arrive by boat , a refugee from a world on the brink of ecological and societal collapse
Dorothy in a boat `` Back to Oz '' -- illus ,
`` A new Dorothy for a new Oz '' -- illus .
As a kid I was a huge fan of Robert Heinlein 's stories . There are several `` Heinlein themes '' that I like and want to explore : Individual liberty and self-reliance , the obligation individuals owe to their societies ( and vice versa ) , the influence of organized religion on society - and the tendency of society to repress nonconformist thought . Hence , `` zombies '' are destroying Oz in a mindless ( heh ) fashion , without thinking of the future consequences of their actions . The fact that they are `` zombies '' or that their leader is obsessed with `` brains '' is less about the traditional `` brain eating '' concept of zombies and more about mindless conformist behavior .
The Immortals of Oz will play important roles in the larger narrative theme - Ak , the Master Woodman and Bo , the Master Mariner - represent various aspects of nature and balance in Oz . When Dorothy arrives , Scarecrow has already managed to murder Kern , the Master Husbandman , god of farming .
After converting most of the Land of Oz to their faction , Scarecrow now seeks to destroy the remaining Immortals . They fight to free Oz from `` lazy magic '' and to begin a new era where `` life matters because there is death . '' Their idea of utopia is one where creativity , passion and imagination are evil and should be repressed . Mindless repetitive activities and Luddite prejudices align with their goals . Happiness comes from conformity .
Not zombies of the flesh-eating variety , OZombie seeks to speak to the individual who goes about their daily life oblivious to the socio-political forces that shape and determine the quality of life . In their search for brains , Scarecrow has turned the peoples of Oz into mindless automatons , one and all .
The OZombies sing a siren 's song ( do a dance , cast a spell , worship an object ? ) other Ozites can not resist . By the time Dorothy arrives most Ozites have forgotten why they still bother to resist - defeat seems inevitable , things are too far gone and hey ... being an OZombie is n't all that bad .
`` Scarecrow '' -- illus .
Scarecrow has infected a larger society in which survival has become the only value ; do anything to survive is the mantra that all their followers conform to and perpetuate . So killing them is neither victory nor resolution . Dorothy will have to do much more -- build communities and persuade allies to root out and destroy the damage to multiple cultural and political institutions to restore a humanistic civilization . The return of individual integrity , responsibility , and non-conformity is arduous and dangerous .
This is Dorothy 's challenge . This is YOUR challenge .
This is me with RJ Berg on a trip to meet Chairman Mao . RJ is a founding partner in Spicy Horse and has been my creative partner since we were teamed up at Electronic Arts over 14 years ago . Apparently , Mao is dead .
At EA , RJ and I worked together to create the world , characters and narrative for American McGee 's Alice . When development on Alice finished EA fired RJ ( after 15 years of employment ) and allowed the game 's developer , Rogue Entertainment , to go out of business . In protest I quit my position at EA and went independent with RJ . Since then we 've worked on crafting stories for games like `` Grimm , '' `` Alice : Madness Returns , '' `` Akaneiro : Demon Hunters '' and other Spicy Horse projects . We collaborate on all things story , but tend to divide our efforts between major story elements and arcs ( which I largely drive ) and dialog ( which RJ largely writes ) . This collaboration has served us and our products well .
When it comes to themes , a lot of my `` narrative voice '' comes from my own youth , which might be described as `` troubled . '' Fortunately , RJ understands quite well the parts of my past that drive the dark inspiration for stories like `` Alice . '' It 's against this backdrop and via this creative collaboration that I feel mine and RJ 's best storytelling is done . Following in what 's become a tradition for our games , OZombie will encourage players to explore themes and challenges related to independence , personal identity , coming of age , trust , overcoming adversity , and perseverance .
Spicy Horse Games was founded in 2007 and has developed a diverse collection of games across PS3 , 360 , PC , Mac , Linux , web and mobile . Almost all of our games have contained a `` twisted fairytale '' theme because it 's a narrative and artistic domain we feel comfortable exploring . With a focus on interesting projects and high quality of life for our employees , we 've managed to attract and retain some of the best and brightest artists , animators , programmers and developers from around China and the globe .
Spicy Horse has the longest and most distinguished tenure of all the indie Western development studios in Shanghai . We have established a reputation for delivering unique games , built a positive development culture and proven that indie development in China is not only possible , but highly rewarding for everyone involved .
Mysterious , maybe a little ominous , The Box is rumored to hold secrets related to OZombie and/or Alice : Otherlands . Only American knows for sure . Pandora and Jim 's attempts to open The Box resulted in pain and frustration . What they did n't know is that only a magic number can open The Box . That magic number is 6000 . When our campaign hits 6000 backers The Box will open and its secrets , whatever they may be , will be revealed . The Box will then be free to choose another owner and to hold a fresh cargo of secrets .
The Box
1st Stretch Goal : 6000 Backers , we will open the Box !
2nd Stretch Goal : 11,000 Backers , Chris Vrenna joins to compose the soundtrack !
3rd Stretch Goal :
These items can be purchased in addition to your tier pledge . In order to do so , simply add the amount of the item ( plus any shipping ) to your pledge amount . When the survey comes around at the end of the Kickstarter , you 'll be able to indicate what the additional monies are for .
Single Player Game ( addl . ) - $ 15
`` Which Witch ? '' Poster : $ 25 + $ 5 intl . shipping
Cloth Map of OZombie Land : $ 30 + $ 5 intl . shipping
OZombie T-shirt : $ 30 + $ 5 intl . shipping
Limited Edition Dorothy Figurine : $ 45 + $ 12 intl . shipping
Limited Edition Tin Woodman Figurine : $ 45 + $ 12 intl . shipping
The Art of OZombie : $ 65 + $ 10 intl . shipping
`` Back to OZ '' Canvas Poster : $ 75 + $ 10 intl . shipping
`` China Town '' Canvas Poster : $ 75 + $ 10 intl . shipping
`` Rose Kingdom '' Camvas Poster : $ 75 + $ 10 intl . shipping
Limited Edition Physical Box with Game : $ 75 + $ 10 intl . shipping
`` Dorothy Meets the Tin Woodman '' Canvas Poster : $ 100 + $ 10 intl . shipping
Emerald Glass Steampunk Goggles : $ 150 + $ 20 intl . shipping
`` Rose Kingdom '' -- illus .
Shuyan , artist of `` Back to Oz ''
`` China Town '' -- illus .
`` Which Witch '' -- illus .
`` Dorothy Meets the Tin Woodman '' -- illus .
In case you have n't had the time to dig through our massive Black Friday weekend sales post , take note of the sales going on at Amazon right now . If you 're in the market for a new phone , you can save some real cash up-front .
Keep in mind these are all on-contract devices for a little cheaper than the carriers sell them directly . Here 's what we 've got :
HTC One Max
Nexus 5
Sprint ( white , black ) – $ 10
HTC One
Sprint ( red , black , silver ) – $ 0.01
Verizon ( silver ) – $ 0.01
LG G2
AT & T ( white , black ) – $ 0.01
Verizon ( black ) – $ 0.01 new lines and $ 29.99 upgrades
Sprint ( white , black ) – $ 0.01 new lines and $ 19.99 upgrades
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
AT & T ( white , black ) – $ 214.99
Verizon ( white , black ) – $ 169.99 new lines and $ 199.99 upgrades
Sprint ( white , black ) – $ 169.99 new lines and $ 199.99 upgrades
Samsung Galaxy Mega
Bethune Hall , a 90-year-old industrial structure on Main Street in Buffalo that was transformed into a University at Buffalo classroom building in the 1970s , might be reinvented yet again as a mixed-use residential and office complex .
The state Office of General Services confirmed that Meyer Landau , a Brooklyn-based real estate investor , was the winning bidder at $ 384,000 for Bethune Hall , 2915 Main St. , not far from UB 's South Campus .
Landau is said to be interested in converting the 77,000-square-foot structure , situated on six acres next to Bennett High School , to a mix of loft apartments , artist studios and offices .
Landau was one of several bidders , a field that included local and out-of-town parties , for the state-owned building . The winning bid was more than twice the $ 150,000 minimum set by the state for the surplus building .
Built in 1915 for the Buffalo Meter Co. , a maker of water meters , the masonry structure is four stories in the front , with a three-story rear section . The site also has a 90-car parking lot .
The state acquired the building in 1973 to house UB 's School of Architecture and Design , naming it in honor of Louise Bethune , the Buffalo architect who was the first woman to become an American Institute of Architects fellow .
When the architecture school moved to its current home on the South Campus , the university 's fine arts program took up residence , using it for classroom , studio and exhibition space until 1993 .
The state decided to sell the building , which has served as a UB warehouse for 12 years , because the school 's storage plans have changed .
e-mail : slinstedt @ buffnews.com
The creamery at Many Fold Farm will be shutting its doors as of January 1 , 2017 for the foreseeable future . We are n't selling the business , nor the brand , nor the stock . We will continue farming operations and practicing good land flight attendantship . We are taking a moment to decide how we can better serve the food and farming community . We have shown that there is substantial interest in and demand for beautiful cheese made by hand on farms in the United States . We have stood and continue to stand alongside others to show that the southeast can add cheesemaking to its list of culinary traditions .
The work of farmstead cheese in the United States is challenging above and beyond many other ways of working . Over the past seven years we have faced and met many of these challenges with extraordinary success . However , as the interest and enthusiasm for local foods increases the challenges do not decrease . Problems of scale and consumer access and education especially plague the movement towards better food . We want the time and space to work more directly on these concerns than the daily challenges of our business allows . It is our hope that in time , we might provide insight and resources towards developing new agrarian economies going forward .
Thanks for being a part of this with us .
American Made Tactical designs and machines the highest quality 80 lower receivers for the best prices online !
American Made Tactical offers the lowest prices for 80 lower receivers , AR-15 parts , AR-10 parts , and jig kits to complete your custom rifle builds . All of our parts use 7075 T6 aircraft-grade aluminum that will stand up to any tests you put them through .
We sell Anodized Billet , Forged , and Raw 80 % lowers for your AR-15 or AR-10 rifle build . Our Raw 80 lowers can be painted or dipped any color to match the look and style of your rifle . We strive to put out the highest quality 80 lowers on the market and we stand by our product . If you have any questions about your 80 lower , please contact us !
We also offer jig kits that can complete dozens of 80 lowers . Jig kits are sold separately or part of a combo . Replacement jig kit plates and high-end tooling kits can be purchased separately .
Accessories include AR-15 Quick Magazine Re-loaders which can load a variety of AR-15 mags in seconds and our very own AR-15 Hand Guard , which you wo n't find anywhere else on the market . Other AR-15 and AR-10 parts include Bolt Catch Screws , .308 crush washers , .556/.223 caliber crush washers . and .750 low profile gas blocks .
We accept all major credit cards and orders by phone . We 're proudly made in the USA ! Keep America Working !
These are the complete maps of the original Super Mario Bros. for the NES .
These maps are no longer maintained . You 're free to do what you like with them .
Levels
Bonus Areas
Misc .
Underground level transition — The brief non-playable screen where Mario walks into a pipe to enter an underground or underwater level .
Underground end of level — This area concludes all underground or underwater levels .
Wallpapers
Download a wallpaper of all the maps , one after the other , and reduced in size to fit your desktop . Choose your desktop size : 640×480 , 800×600 , 1024×768 , 1280×1024 , 1600×1200
Project Details
For those interested , these maps were created using FCEU , a free Nintendo emulator for Windows . I used the ROM image for the Mario/Duck Hunt version of the game . Screen captures were tediously pieced together in Photoshop . Some text was reproduced using the Press Start font by codeman38 , which emulates the same font used in SMB . Some Game Genie codes were used to make mapping easier , including high jumps , 900-tick timer , and invincibility . I noticed no side effects from these cheats , so the maps should not be any different due to the use of these codes .
Minister of State for External Affairs M.J. Akbar is in Palestine to co-chair the first Joint Commission Meeting ( JCM ) between India and Palestine on November 8-9 . The Palestinian side will be co-chaired by its Foreign Minister Riad al-Maliki , said a statement issued by the Ministry of External Affairs here .
Advertising
Watch What Else is Making News
India and Palestine enjoy historic bilateral ties . In order to give a further impetus to this bilateral relationship , it was agreed to establish this JCM during External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj 's visit to Palestine in January .
The proposed JCM would cover a range of issues , including cooperation in economy , energy , tourism , agriculture , water and environment , education , health , IT , sports , culture , media etc .
Advertising
Akbar will also be visiting Jordanian capital Amman on November 10 for bilateral talks with their counterpart and other dignitaries .
One of the skill sets I acquired as long-term runaway was the ability to sneak into just about anywhere .
I sweet talked my way into luxury hotels and relaxed in their hot tubs , pools , and saunas . I snuck onto trains and traveled thousands of kilometers . I even managed to enter the Pyramids with a fake ticket .
In the beginning , I got caught plenty of times . Trembling hands , a bright red face , and profuse perspiration gave me away . But the more I tried , the calmer , stealthier and more emboldened I became .
The following guide will empower you with the fundamentals to sneaking into anywhere . It will also suggest 8 of the best places to sneak into for intense budget backpackers and runaways .
Disclaimer : Trespassing on private property is illegal everywhere . Sneaking into businesses and other establishments should be used as a last resort and undertaken with respectful intentions .
1 ) Remain Calm
Fear is the greatest threat to any successful sneak attempt . It manifests in timid body language , irrational thought , and for some , increased flatulence . Even if you manage to keep clenched , authorities and guards will sniff you out . It all comes down to the energy you exude . Therefor it is essential to lose your fear and keep calm .
By rationalizing any mission , you are able to put your fear into perspective . Whether your hoping trains , or sneaking into hostels , you have to ask yourself , what 's the worst that could happen ? In most cases it 's simply a verbal reprimand before being released . Aside from being a bit embarrassing , there 's really nothing to fear at all . Staying calm , cool , and collected is the foundation that will enable you to successfully sneak into anywhere .
2 ) Play The Part
Once you suppress your fear , it 's time to increase your odds of success by becoming an academy award winning actor . In order to do this , you must embody your character in every aspect . You must believe with all your being that you are who you say you are .
If you 're sneaking into a hotel , play the part of a guest . Maybe you 're the son or daughter of a rich business tycoon . If anyone tries to stop you , respond quickly and arrogantly . Do n't give anyone any reason to believe that you are n't supposed to be where you are .
Although playing the part takes practice , once this technique is perfected , it is the most effective in any sneak endeavor .
3 ) Become Invisible
In some settings , the most effective method is to become invisible . This means keeping a low profile , moving among groups , and hiding in the shadows . It is the fast paced , confidence driven , stealth reliant technique used by the likes of James Bond and Indiana Jones .
In order to attain 007 modes , you must call upon a combination of the first two techniques . You must remain calm , confident , and unassuming and play the part to perfection while constantly adapting when necessary .
This is the best method for sneaking into festivals guarded by medieval walls and guards , or jumping international borders .
8 Places To Sneak Into On The Road
How To Sneak Into Hotels
The hotel is one of the easiest and most rewarding establishments to sneak into . As long as you act like a patron you should be able to swipe a bit of food from breakfast buffets , improve your hygiene by pinching a bottle of shampoo from the maids carts , and relax a bit in the hotel sauna .
How To Sneak Onto Trains
Sneaking onto trains is easier than you might think . Aside from the Eurostar , TGV , and other prestigious high tech lines , you do not need a ticket to access the tracks or enter the train . Once on board , you can travel as long as you manage to avoid the suspicious glare of the ticket controller . The tenacity of the ticket controller to catch free-riders greatly depends on the country . Staying calm is key . For a complete guide , check out How To Sneak Onto Trains .
How To Sneak Into Hostels
Due to the small size of most hostels , sneaking in can be a bit tricky . But if you need to sleep indoors for the night it 's a viable option . The easiest way to do this is to make friends with kids from the hostel , play the part of a backpacker , and enter as a pack .
How To Sneak Into Apartment Complexes
Most apartment complexes are easy to enter with the right amount of stealth and agility . Security is often minimal and gates are generally low and easy to hop . They can offer a degree of safety from the streets and even a hot tub if you 're lucky .
How To Sneak Into Festivals
To sneak into a festival requires a high degree of 007 stealth . Festival organizers anticipate people sneaking in and take every effort to combat this . They design the grounds like a castle and hire hundreds of security guards to protect it . To sneak in successfully , you must locate a weak spot and wait for the opportune moment to move . Staying patient is key . The price of being caught can be up to a week-long jail sentence , especially in Eastern Europe . For more on festivals , check out European Music Festival Guide .
How To Sneak Into Shows
Unlike festivals , most shows are very easy to gain access to . The easiest way to do this is to enter the show at intermission . At this time , attendants rarely recheck tickets . Just make sure to dress the part and blend into the group . For info on sneaking into Broadway shows , check out Free Fun In NYC .
How To Sneak Into The Movies
Sneaking into the movies is a great way to hone your skills . It 's relatively stress free and has minor repercussions should you be caught . The easiest method for all movie theaters is to find an old ticket stub and hold it up to the ticket checker while swiftly walking past as if you 're late for the previews .
How To Sneak Into The Pyramids
Many large historic sites such as Angkor Wat and The Great Pyramids are too big to be enclosed by a continuous perimeter wall . Although they have main entrances , unguarded side entrances are surprisingly easy to come by . To enter the Pyramids , simply walk around and enter via the vast desert . For detailed info on sneaking into Angkor Wat , check out Sneaking Into Angkor Wat .
Conclusion
Staying calm , confident , playing the part , and going stealth when you need to are the fundamental skills for sneaking into just about anywhere . However , depending on the situation , you may have to get creative . Look for weak spots in security , blend into large groups when you can , and take advantage of the power of persuasion . Though it 's a bit nerve-racking at first , it 's really not as hard or dangerous as you might think .
Keep calm and sneak on ,
-Leif
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Senate will vote next week on a secret health care bill without holding a hearing . However , what has leaked is that the bill will throw more people off of their health insurance than the House-passed version of Trumpcare .
The Wall Street Journal reported that Majority Leader McConnell wants the vote to happen next week , “ GOP aides and others familiar with the negotiations said they anticipate the Senate bill 's text will be released later this week . The CBO is expected to release its estimate of the Senate bill 's impact on the federal budget and insurance coverage early next week , and a vote could potentially be held next Thursday before lawmakers scatter . ”
Meanwhile , Republicans are planning on a cut to Medicaid that will be $ 200 billion more severe than the $ 830 billion slash that House Republicans passed with Trumpcare . Republicans are openly ignoring the reality of who uses Medicaid coverage . 56 % of Medicaid recipients are children or disabled . 60 % of nursing home residents are on Medicaid and ten million Americans with disabilities rely on the program .
Under the ruse of eliminating Medicaid , eligibility under the ACA expansion , Republicans are carrying out an assault on health care coverage for children , seniors , the disabled . The reason why the Senate bill is being kept a secret is that it is even crueler than the House-passed Trumpcarevlegislation . Senate Republicans are about to devastate tens of millions of American lives , and one-sixth of the US economy and they are n't going to let the public see the bill until 2-3 days before the final vote .
What 's happening is plain wrong , and there is little solace for those who are going to lose their health care or face more expensive and diminished coverage in the fact that Republicans will pay dearly for this ultimate sin .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
LAS VEGAS – “ The Ultimate Fighter ” returned last week for its 26th season , which will culminate with the crowning of the inaugural UFC women 's flyweight champion .
MMAjunkie recently sat down with all 16 cast members . Watch the video above to get to know Emily Whitmire ( 2-1 ) , who discussed how they got their start in MMA on a random Wednesday night in the Pacific Northwest with the help of a fake ID and a little liquid courage , why she 's technically homeless , how she 's ready to take their day job and shove it , and more .
“ The Ultimate Fighter 26 , ” featuring former UFC and Bellator champion Eddie Alvarez and former WSOF champ Justin Gaethje as coaches , airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m . ET on FS1 .
Also see :
For more on the UFC 's upcoming schedule , visit the UFC Rumors section of the site .
The food world had a mini-meltdown recently over a government-run Québec casino 's decision to bring in a French chef to open a new restaurant , reportedly to the tune of 11 million Canadian dollars . And why should n't it ? Montreal is a city full of talented chefs . I still dream of the foie gras tart and snow crab at Au Pied de Cochon , Martin Picard 's restaurant . Everyone knows : Montreal is a hell of a food town .
Why , then , would Loto-Québec , the government entity that runs the Casino de Montreal , bring in French chef Joël Robuchon ? And what do Canadian chefs think of the move ? I reached out to David McMillan , of Joe Beef fame , which they co-owns—along with two other restaurants—with Fred Morin . You may remember them from the “ Parts Unknown ” episode that 's basically a televised love letter to Québécois cuisine . McMillan had previously spoken out on the subject , but I got more than I bargained for . What followed was a thoroughly enjoyable chat about the casino , what defines Québécois cuisine , and McMillan 's desire to live like Winslow Homer . ( It 'll make sense when we get there . )
I mention the casino and it 's instantly clear that I wo n't be struggling to get McMillan to talk . I 've barely asked the question when they reply , “ Every chef in this city is appalled by it—and the ones that are n't are on the payroll of the casino , or have done television work for the casino , or are the types that have agents and restaurants and will kind of say anything for 500 bucks. ” Why Robuchon ? Would it be the same with any other non-Québécois chef ? “ I have no problem with Joël Robuchon . I have no problem with competing with any chef from anywhere , anytime . What I have a problem with is my government taking taxpayer dollars in a secret agreement out of non-disclosed funds out of multi-millions of dollars and bringing in a chef to a casino . And , you know , it 's a flop anyway . It 's been a giant flop since it opened . ”
This may be true . Earlier today , I logged in to the site just to see if I could get a reservation—there were seats available every night for the next 14 nights . After that , I stopped looking .
By contrast , McMillan continues , “ My restaurants are full for the next three months , completely booked . ”
According to Eater , Finance Minister Carlos Leitão argued that the restaurant would be a draw for tourists , and therefore a good investment . The tourism ministry touts the number of restaurants and the creativity of the region 's chefs .
I ask a glaringly obvious question , “ I understand the furor over the subsidies , but is part of what burns the fact that there is a distinct Québécois food culture , and if the government is going to subsidize a cuisine , it should be that ? ”
McMillan answers : “ Absolutely . First of all , this was the first place to be ‘ civilized ' in North America—we were dining on the street where my restaurant is before a European man had set foot on the West Coast of America . We were dining near my restaurant when no European had set foot on the island of Manhattan . We were dining on the street where my restaurant is when America was the ‘ great darkness ' . To have a French chef come here , where our food is very specific , you know ? People are fuming . ”
What , I ask , is specific about it ? And why is n't the restaurant , L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon—where the flatware is famously expensive and the tasting menu costs $ 200—a success despite Loto-Québec 's assertions that it would be good for the city ?
This is what I 'm really curious about : what makes Québécois cuisine unique ?
“ There 's none of that horseshit that goes on in the rest of the world . Multicourse dinners , 15 courses with 15 different wines paired to each course . This is for new money . It 's for nouveau riche , it 's for like , beginner diners . In my opinion , an educated diner knows to stay clear of trends and shiny lights . Our culture—it 's very much not that . It 's an appetizer , a dozen oysters , a main course split , you know , duck for two , fish for two . Eat our cheese or dessert and get the fuck out and go on your way . People here dine , the rooms are noisy , people talk loudly when they eat . People fucking drink like beasts here ; they love amorously after dinner . ”
Life , if you 're lucky enough to listen to David McMillan , just freakin ' sounds better when they talk about it . I 'm ready to hop the train up to Montreal as they continue on about Québécois food : “ The real 10 restaurants that are the beating heart of Montreal cook a specific way . Martin Picard , Maison Publique , L'Express , Toqué and others—at these restaurants , their food looks like mine a bit and my food looks like theirs . It 's like gumbo looks like gumbo in New Orleans from one restaurant to another . Also , everybody 's a little rough around the edges , too , you know . We all come from the country , there was never any real money here . ”
L to R : David McMillan , Fred Morin , and Marc-Olivier Frappier ( Photo courtesy of Vin Papillon )
How did that affect the way the dining scene developed , I ask . “ You know Québec is a place rich with natural resources , Québec is a place where people come , and take , and rape ; take the gold , take the diamonds , take the coal , take the fish , take the sea urchins , take the crab , you know ? And then they leave . This is not a place that 's ever developed any high-end , how can I say it—multi-Michelin star kind-of-attitude . There are no fine dining restaurants . There 's one , but it 's frequented by American new-money tourists that do n't really get it . So you know there 's a lack of pretenses in the spirit of the city , ” they say .
McMillan talks about using the best ingredients , raw milk cheeses , the best butter , the best animal protein , the best seafood ; but the dining rooms are loud , people are enjoying themselves , and there is no meal where you have to go and eat a hot dog after you 've finished paying your $ 500 bill .
In the “ Parts Unknown ” episode , even Bourdain seems taken aback by the splendor of McMillan and Morin 's meals and their devotion to antique flatware , glassware ; their general dedication to aesthetics . They cook a meal for them in an ice fishing shack and drink out of fine glasses from Alsace , eating Escoffier-era creations—and one gets the feeling that this is n't just for the benefit of the camera . “ Fred and I are both a little dandy . We still have fresh-cut flowers inside our houses . You know , we eat on old plateware and we cook out of copper and we do all of that . We 'll have cheese instead of dessert , you know , we 'll drink brown alcohol out of snifters . ”
How , I ask McMillan , do they reconcile the decadent nature of such predilections , against the very Québécois notion of keeping the food from being too precious ? It 's something I 've wanted to ask since I saw the episode , and McMillan 's answer does n't disappoint .
“ It 's the difference between like—I 'll take a whole rabbit , and cut it into four pieces ; roast it in a pan , add a carrot , an onion , some celery , two tablespoons of mustard , a cup of wine , and I 'll pop all of that into the oven and cook it . Some other chefs will bone the rabbit out , roll it into a morsel , put it in a bag , vacuum cook it , cut it into miniature slices , and put carrot juice on it . It 's like the difference [ between ] —I know there 's really bad art , but people like it . I like good art . I like Winslow Homer . ( The 19th-century American painter famous for their landscapes of New England . )
“ So I cook like Winslow Homer . My house looks like Winslow Homer 's house , I aspire to dress like Winslow Homer and I cook in a way that Winslow Homer would possibly have liked to eat . A very old way . To cook in a way that is like New England-ish , because you know Québec was part of New England back in those days . So , I like a nice floral plate , I like country aesthetics . Some dudes like this hyper-modern square plate with squiggly lines , and I just think that 's shit . That 's fine , they 're allowed to exist . There 's an aesthetic of how much into food you 're supposed to be . Like if you have a blog , you 're too much into food , okay ? You have a fuckin ' problem . But if you 're well-versed about wine and food , can speak intelligently about cheese and wine , that 's good . Like anything , you have to be educated—in music and multiple kinds of music , and in wine and multiple kinds of wine , and art and all of that . ”
And then we talked about furniture . “ And not only that , it 's like proper living—what 's a chair ? All the best chairs were designed 100 years ago . No one has designed a better pot than a good old copper pot . There have n't been any better pots or chairs invented in the last 30 years . ”
McMillan is , as Bourdain pointed out , a romantic and , I 'm learning , a bit of a Renaissance man . We start to wind down our chat . I ask them a couple of questions that I always ask chefs , whether on the record or off : first , any culinary pet peeves ? McMillan replies , “ When you have oysters , do n't put stuff on them . Where oysters are from , there ai n't no fucking lemon trees . Putting lemons on oysters , it 's stupid . Everybody , they grab a plate of oysters and they grab a lemon and they put the lemon juice all over the oysters . A lemon tree has n't ever seen an oyster , and an oyster—it just makes the least sense ever . ”
Finally , to end our chat in as cliche a way as possible , I ask them what their last meal would be . The answer is just what you 'd expect from a hopeless romantic , “ Whatever Fred wants to cook for me . Fred 's my favorite cook in the world . We 've been working together for a long time for a reason . We like the same art , the same pots , the same plates , the same food , and yeah , if I was going out , I would definitely leave it up to Fred . ”
Image caption A police water cannon releases a jet of water on student protesters in Santiago , Chile , in April 2013
The home secretary has said they will look at the case for making water cannon available to police in England and Wales .
Theresa May said they had received a representation from the Met Police who said water cannon could be helpful .
Earlier this week , it was reported the Met wanted to acquire two German-made water cannon vehicles .
Water cannon have been used in Northern Ireland but they are not currently authorised in Britain .
The home secretary must approve their introduction .
BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said no formal application had been submitted by the Met .
But if approval was given for such a request , it would take two to three months to get the kind of water cannon the Met wants available for use in London , they added .
'Valuable ' addition
We want to be able to make sure the police can do the job that everyone wants them to do Theresa May , Home Secretary
Speaking after their appearance before the Police Federation annual conference , Mrs May said they wanted officers to have `` the tools they need '' to do their job .
It is understood the Home Office has no objection in principle to the equipment being introduced to forces in England and Wales .
Mrs May said : `` We 've not seen water cannon used on the streets on the mainland in the UK , but obviously they 've been used in Northern Ireland .
`` What I 've said to the police is I want them to tell me what tools they need in order to be able to do their job . We want to be able to make sure the police can do the job that everyone wants them to do .
`` They 're putting a case to us about water cannon and I will look at that case . ''
The Met Police has previously said water cannon would be a `` valuable '' addition to their armoury when faced with situations such as the 2011 riots .
It has been reported the Met wants to use the Ziegler Wasserwerfer 9000 , which cost £1.3m each and are capable of holding 9,000 litres ( 1,980 gallons ) of water .
It is also understood the force had hoped to have the water cannon vehicles by next month , in case disorder arises from protests planned in London before the G8 summit in Northern Ireland .
Officers from English forces , who will be deployed at the summit in Enniskillen , are currently being given water cannon awareness training but they will not be operating them .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) has six water cannon vehicles , which are sent out in pairs to tackle public disorder .
A Saudi court sentenced two Asian housemaids to 10 years in jail and ordered their lashed 1,000 times each after they were found guilty of indulging in sorcery at their employers ' houses in the Gulf Kingdom , a newspaper reported on Monday .
Their Saudi employers reported the two maids to the Gulf country 's feared religious police , saying they had discovered that their families had been harmed because of sorcery practiced by the maids against them .
Members of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice who searched the two houses in Riyadh found talismans and other magic items in the bedrooms of the two maids , Sabq Arabic language daily said .
“ The court found them guilty and sentenced them to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes each , ” the paper said without identifying the maids or specifying the harm they caused .
Saudi Arabia , which strictly enforces Islamic law , has beheaded many persons convicted of practicing magic over the past years .
More than two million domestic servants work in Saudi Arabia , mostly from Indonesia , Sri Lanka and Africa .
( Home page image courtesy Shutterstock )
Young Thug has their eyes on a full-blown takeover in 2016 , as they just teased yet another project on their Snapchat . Though most fans expected Thug to drop their long-awaited project , Hy ! £UN35​ , next , the Atlanta rapper revealed that he 's actually planning to release I Came From Nothing 4 . If you 're not hip , the Came From Nothing mixtapes are from Thug 's early career , with the last one coming out in 2012 .
A lot has changed for Thug since then—notably their rise to rap super stardom—so it 's a bit of a surprise that he 's going this route , though with the music that he 's putting out right now , it does n't really matter what the project is called . To this point , Thug has released their I 'm Up and Slime Season 3 mixtapes in 2016 , with Hy ! £UN35​ also expected out this year . Oh yeah , according to Thug 's sister , he 's also going to be on the soundtrack for Suicide Squad . The year of Thug is really upon us . Check out a screenshot of their Snapchat below .
I used to keep a picture on my desk , taken on Castro Street , in 1983 , at the moment when it seemed as if gay life in San Francisco was ending forever . There were two men in the photograph : the first , tall and gaunt , was leaning over the other , who was in a wheelchair , tucking a blanket around what little was left of the wasted man . A friend had given me the picture just before I began covering the AIDS epidemic for the Washington Post , along with a message . “ Do n't forget these people when you write this story , ” they told me . “ This is not about policies . It 's about being human. ” My friend died a few months later—nearly three decades ago . I must have spent a thousand hours staring at that photograph during the years since then , enough time to memorize the deep sadness in the hollow black eyes of both men .
I have covered wars , before the epidemic began and since . They are all ugly and painful and unjust , but for me , nothing has matched the dread I felt while walking through the Castro , the Village , or Dupont Circle at the height of the AIDS epidemic . It could seem as if a neutron bomb had exploded : the buildings stood ; cars were parked along the roadside ; there were newsstands and shops and planes flying overhead . But the people on the street were dying . The Castro was lined with thirty-year-old men who walked , when they could , with canes or by leaning on the arms of their slightly healthier lovers and friends . Wheelchairs filled the sidewalks . San Francisco had become a city of cadavers .
In 2002 , while writing a Profile of Larry Kramer , the dark prophet of the American AIDS epidemic , I spoke to Tony Kushner , who received a Pulitzer Prize for their brilliant play about that time , “ Angels in America. ” They told me what those days did to him . “ I had just started coming out of the closet , and gay life had seemed so exciting , '' they said . But by the time they had finished reading Kramer 's shocking article “ 1,112 and Counting , '' which appeared in 1983 in the New York Native and demanded that gay men start to take notice of the catastrophe they faced , Kushner realized that “ we were confronted with a genuine plague . People were beginning to drop dead all around us , and we were pretending it was nothing too serious . ”
Kramer and many other activists changed all that . Outrage and new medicines largely overcame denial and hatred . In the years that followed , the epidemic seemed to go away—though of course it never did , here or anywhere else . ( By the end of this year , AIDS will have killed nearly forty million people—most of them in Africa . ) And this week , in a powerful story in the Times , Donald McNeil pointed out that those most wretched days could return . “ Federal health officials are reporting a sharp increase in unprotected sex among gay Americans , '' they wrote , “ a development that makes it harder to fight the AIDS epidemic . ”
That is a genteel way to put it . Thomas R. Frieden , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , was a bit more frank . “ Unprotected anal intercourse is in a league of its own as far as risk is concerned , '' they said . Three decades of data demonstrate the truth of that statement . If unprotected anal intercourse is rising among gay men—a trend noted not just in America but in much of the Western world—the rates of HIV infection will surely follow .
Why is this happening ? Put at least some of it down to human nature . Why do people refuse to vaccinate their children against measles or whooping cough ? In many cases , because they have never seen measles and have no idea what it might do . ( For perspective , more than a hundred and fifty thousand people died of measles in the developing world last year . ) HIV is far more dangerous than measles , but also much more complicated . HIV is tied up with sex , a basic human need , but also with desire , shame , discrimination , and fear . What twenty-year-old man , enjoying their first moments of sexual adventure , is going to be scared because , ten years before they were born , people like me saw gay men writhe and vomit and die on the streets where they now stands ? For a while , in the nineties , gay men were scared , and the statistics showed it . They used condoms regularly , and tested themselves to see if they were infected . Many still do , but others began to weary long ago of the sexual and emotional straitjacket . A drug like crystal meth ( which erases inhibitions and greatly enhances sexual pleasure ) , while addictive and attractive , also presented an obvious and immediate drawback : it caused a condition known as “ crystal dick ” —no erection , no sex . Then people began to combine crystal with Viagra , and a new surge of infections began .
Can we halt this epidemic once again ? Of course , or at least the dangers can be greatly reduced . But of the more than a million Americans who are infected with HIV ( there are fifty thousand new cases a year ) , many have no decent health care , and nearly a third are not even aware they are infected . Racism , homophobia , and poverty continue to drive much of the epidemic . Minorities have the highest infection levels and are least likely to have access to satisfactory medical attention or drug treatments . Obamacare will help , but how fast or how well , nobody yet knows . This should be repulsive to us all ; those people need education immediately , but there is little public funding available to teach young gay African-American men how to have sex with each other safely . That 's the society we seem to have become .
The only appropriate conclusion here is to listen , again , to Larry Kramer 's warning . What was true in 1983 may well become true again . “ If this article does n't scare the shit out of you , '' they wrote in “ 1,112 and Counting , ” “ we are in real trouble . If this article does n't rouse you to anger , fury , rage and action , gay men have no future on this earth . Our continued existence depends on just how angry you can get… Unless we fight for our lives we shall die . ”
Photograph by Sean Gallup/Getty .
Regular sheep ca n't handle it up here . But merinos have learned to hack the highlands by developing a coat of exceptionally fine wool that is highly sought after by companies such as Icebreaker . Shearing takes place in early October . The ewes are all blade shorn , and the Erewhon shed is the last on the blade shearers run . As well as providing more protection for the ewes , leaving more wool on the ewes means they do n't require as much feed as if they were machine-shorn . Huntaway and Heading Dogs are essential up here to muster this vast country . They are well fed on biscuits & concentrate from Colin 's other business Mighty Mix Dog Food . It is hard country , with 2.5ha needed for each sheep . The cheque from the wool clip barely covers costs so we supplement the farm 's income by breeding horses and offering tourists a back country experience – homestead accommodation , saddle or wagon rides including overnight treks up the valley .
150 days from # Rivalry150 , Lehigh announces sellout of its ticket allotment
The Rivalry : A LFN Look Back : Lehigh Athletics has partnered with Charles Burton '92 , owner of the popular Lehigh Football Nation blog to provide a historical perspective on The Rivalry . Burton has been blogging about Lehigh football and The Rivalry for more than a decade and is currently working on a book on the history of The Rivalry .
Lehigh Athletics has partnered with Charles Burton '92 , owner of the popular Lehigh Football Nation blog to provide a historical perspective on The Rivalry . Burton has been blogging about Lehigh football and The Rivalry for more than a decade and is currently working on a book on the history of The Rivalry . Uniforms through the years : A historical look back at Lehigh 's football uniforms throughout the years .
A historical look back at Lehigh 's football uniforms throughout the years . Throwback Thursday : A social media based-campaign that will offer a nostalgic look back at The Rivalry .
A social media based-campaign that will offer a nostalgic look back at The Rivalry . Experience the Rivalry : Beginning in July , fans will be able to share their Rivalry stories with Lehighsports.com . The program will be anchored with seven oral history videos that feature various Lehigh alumni sharing their Rivalry experience . Each video will share a unique perspective or theme that serve as the basis for fans to share their stories .
Beginning in July , fans will be able to share their Rivalry stories with Lehighsports.com . The program will be anchored with seven oral history videos that feature various Lehigh alumni sharing their Rivalry experience . Each video will share a unique perspective or theme that serve as the basis for fans to share their stories . Spirit Video Contest : Coming in August , fans will have an opportunity to show their Lehigh spirit in a video with a chance to have it air at Yankee Stadium on game day . Complete details will be unveiled in August .
BETHLEHEM , Pa. – The 150th meeting of college football 's most-played rivalry is now just 150 days away and on Wednesday , Lehigh Athletics has announced it is sold out of its ticket allotment for the highly anticipated clash with rival Lafayette November 22 at Yankee Stadium in New York.Ticket sales began last November with the excitement and anticipation surrounding this game leading to extraordinary response from season ticket holders , Asa Packer level donors , alumni , students and faculty/staff . As a result all of the nearly 28,000 tickets allocated to Lehigh from November through Monday , June 23 have been sold or allotted . There are no more tickets available for purchase through Lehigh . `` The response to this milestone game is a real tribute to the Lehigh and Lafayette communities , '' explained Lehigh Goodman Dean of Athletics'76 . `` Both institutions graduate students who are passionate about their experiences and friendships and who appreciate the tradition of this annual game as a time to come together and celebrate the value of their education and the relationships they developed . We look forward to sharing the special character of this game , our schools and our scholar-athletes with the broader audience generated by playing the game in New York at an iconic sports site . `` As of Wednesday morning , Lehigh has sold or allotted 27,870 tickets to the game . Initial sales in November were so strong that Lehigh opened a waiting list , which resulted in online requests for nearly 15,000 tickets – enough to fill the permanent seating in Lehigh 's Goodman Stadium.After exhausting its initial allotment for season ticket holders , alumni , faculty and staff last November , Lehigh opened up sales to undergraduate and graduate students ( including the incoming class of 2018 ) in the spring , with more than 4,000 students set to be in Yankee Stadium on game day.People who completed Lehigh 's survey between November 22 and June 20 were placed on a waiting list and had an opportunity to purchase the remainder of Lehigh 's allotment on June 23 . The final 3,000 tickets were sold or allocated in a mere 24 minutes.The seating capacity for Yankee Stadium for football is projected to be 48,100 . In addition to the ticket allocations for Lehigh and Lafayette , the Yankees organization has also allocated tickets to corporate affiliates and staff associated with the stadium and team operations.Lafayette also does not have any tickets available for public sale.Kickoff for the 150th Lehigh-Lafayette game is set for just after 3:30 p.m. on November 22 . For fans that were unable to obtain tickets , national television coverage plans will be unveiled in the near future.Fans are encouraged to continue to visit Lehighsports.com/Rivalry150 in the weeks leading up to the game for information on the contest plus new exclusive Lehigh content on the rivalry.New rivalry-related content includes : In addition to the football game on November 22 , Lehigh University is promoting a number of shoulder events in New York City surrounding the game and is encouraging all fans who will be attending the game to take full advantage of the various events planned for the weekend beginning Thursday November 20 and running through Saturday 's game.Additionally , alumni and fans without game tickets are beginning to organize gatherings at several New York City locations for television viewing parties.Complete information on all the weekend events surrounding the game , including the Lehigh-sponsored telecast parties in New York City can be found
I do n't know why I feel the nagging need to clarify something before we even get started .
I am an atheist myself , however new to the group I might be . Indeed , until a very recent time , I spent a big period of my life believing I 'm an agnostic . How do I put this mildly ? Agnosticism is the safe route , it 's the one in between the dirty street filled with drug dealers and that very safe boulevard . It 's the one you 'd take if your mom told you to take the shortest route home and you decided to be a bit
I do n't know why I feel the nagging need to clarify something before we even get started .
I am an atheist myself , however new to the group I might be . Indeed , until a very recent time , I spent a big period of my life believing I 'm an agnostic . How do I put this mildly ? Agnosticism is the safe route , it 's the one in between the dirty street filled with drug dealers and that very safe boulevard . It 's the one you 'd take if your mom told you to take the shortest route home and you decided to be a bit of a rebel . But just a bit , mind you , not a lot . Because the basic concept of agnosticism , in relation to God , is that “ we do n't know ” . We do n't know , we ca n't know , therefore we ca n't make suppositions based on thin air . But , what agnosticism offers in return is the acceptance that there is actually something out there , luring in the divine space , waiting for us to recognize it to its true form and power . Basically , you get the “ safety-belt ” package that allows you to say , if you ever find yourself blamed in front of said divinity , that you could n't be sure . Which is , I used to believe , much more acceptable than…
Than atheism , really . Than flat-out acknowledging and believing and living up to this belief that there is no God . If death is not final and you find yourself face to face with the supreme Judge… you 're fucked . I guess I did n't want to be a little rebel anymore and blossomed into a full blown hooligan .
I have never in my life been a believer . Not a single moment have I said : “ I believe in God. ” I have been raised with only one rule as guidance : “ think for yourself ” . As a kid , my family took me to a vast number of churches , not only of my religion , even if predominantly confined by it ; big churches , small churches , some covered in gold , some built of wood , some carved in rock ; some with a lot of fervent followers , others with just a lonely , old priest watching over the precincts… I have visited other countries and entered their churches , seen their shrines , watched their processions . I have had a fair amount of religious visiting done – but never in the name of God . Not once , in my entire life , have I gone to a church/religious space with the purpose of praying or bowing to the maker . If there was a reason , I guess it was to witness art , beauty in religious architecture , in believer 's paintings , in faith based sacred images . It was to see human-made wonders , ironically . I have shared meals with priests and slept with nuns in their rooms , in the mountains ; I have experienced the simplicity that religion can instill into the lives of men and women , who devote their entire beings towards a better existence at the end of their current one . I have also seen the gold-adorned lives some religious people dwell in because of this foolish and completely idiotic belief that a creator would need to be worshipped with precious stones ; How , did the creator not also create the poor ? .. Or maybe they had an eye for sparkle .
I guess my point is , the concept of God in itself was useless to my formation , to my life . I have not had any advantage from being baptized into the Orthodox Church , no real need fulfilled by my affiliation to a certain religious cult . Knowing the Ten Commandments has n't overthrown my innate sense of right and wrong . The Genesis has n't impaired my ability to understand and believe in the Darwinist model . I have a moral code and fairly tough ethics without having followed God 's rules a single day . My life has been much more impacted upon by the fact that I was born into a white , middle-class , fairly well-off European family and that I have been given the proper education during each stage of my life in order to propel me to my current position and allow me to pursue my ( apparently ) fucked-up dreams .
But , at some point in my intellectual journey , I realized I had to know more about religion . I simply had to . There was no way around it , I had too many questions that had n't received answers . What also prompted me to analyze the matter more profoundly was the attitude of religious people in my vicinity when confronted with a non-believer . I have had confrontations ( mainly in a scholarly environment , but just as meaningful ones outside of it ) with people who had blamed me for my decisions and professed harsh consequences upon my doings , supported by their faith , when all I had done was ask questions .
I do have opinions , mind you . I do think religion has become a political/economical tool and that humans have , in their majority , lost the true meaning of it ( which is achieving spirituality ) . Also , on my bitter road filled with deception in becoming an atheist , I found myself more and more disgusted with religious people and faith preachers and church goers , all because of their sense of superiority over me , their smug characters , thinking they have the divinity watching over their backs , that a divinity cares for them , repudiating reason and thinking and skepticism and empirical evidence to the dungeons of hell and their inhabitants to even worse tortures… I 'm sure you could say atheists become atheists because of people more than because of God . I am not one of those who will talk against the concept of God ; however , against the fantasies that the Bible ( or any other scripture ) professes as historically true , I will ; against stupidity and racism and extremist followers and the banishment of science , I will ; against mindless , spineless and remorseless individuals who coerce their children into fear and revulsion , perpetuating this tradition of imbecility over generations , I will . Against all of that and many more , I will speak up .
After all this ranting , I want you to take this away : I understand the need for religion . I understand why we turned to it in the first place and why we still cling to it now . I am not an “ anti-theist ” . I do not speak against God . I question him , their existence , their preaching , their absurd needs and their megalomaniac commands . I judge him , yes , and their followers , as they also judge me in return . You could call it mutual distrust , really .
But , if it 's true , if God exists , then I 'm content with my atheist position . I believe I have the right to burn in Hell , or in all versions of it that exist . If you are a religious person reading this , please pray to your God that I may suffer . Please , bring the flames on , an eternity of torture for this pitiful apostate that I am ! I beg of you , prove me wrong . I 'll be the happiest for that – indeed , I , in a very sadomasochistic way , look forward to it .
I fully intend to burn in Hell if that is the punishment for critical thinking and freedom of opinion .
Make crackling strips out of my skin ! Scrambled brains out of the contents of my skull !
And never grant me forgiveness for wanting to understand the world by the power of my own mind . I do n't need to be excused for my own egocentric nature . Not by someone who is content in giving up their identity to a whimsical being of a far-away land .
In any case , if death is not final , I 'll still be going to hell even without being an atheist . I 'm a sinner by birth , supposedly . Being an atheist just makes me a conscious one .
DONE ! Now , let 's move on to an apologetic review that is supposed to be worth reading the whole rant that you just went through… Oh , well , I doubt it .
What I promise I will not talk about : how awesome Christopher Hitchens is .
What I will talk about : how awesome Christopher Hitchens ' work is .
“ God is not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything ” is one in a long series of published papers that Hitchens has dawned upon us readers , that concern the matter of a divine being 's existence . Now , Hitchens is , as Woody Allen so humorously puts it , “ the loyal opposition ” . They are an atheist and a very articulate one indeed . When reading their work , you must be aware of the position they are taking : they are against blind faith and all for finding proof . As always , as in their speeches and their essays , they do n't cut off the path to discussion ; rather they want to open one . They question everything , tries to shed light on the scriptures and the relationship between human and divine and all in all succeeds in making a very serious and solid case for their motion .
I have read some commentaries that they just mindlessly gives examples about how different people do different bad things in the name of their religion , and the readers who said that were arguing that these are useless extracts . I believe not . Of course they are going to point out what individuals do in the name of religion , that is the exact purpose of it all , how far humans will go and to what extent they will cause suffering and ignite wars and deny the most basic needs to others because of what their God ( read : whimsical being of a far-away land with a very serious ego problem ) has said .
Now , Hitchens does n't differentiate between Gods . If one is false , all are . The God 's importance does n't reside in the number of their followers , for this author . They talk the same about the three big monotheist religions , as well as about the remote cults of distant lands . The reason why so much of their work is concentrated around the Judaic , Muslim , and Christian preaching is that these three have had a massive effect on our society , as we experience it today . They speak against them not with the purpose of defiling the “ fantasy ” itself , but in need to show how ridiculous and irrelevant they are for humanity today . They were very useful in the dawn of time , when volcanoes erupting at every corner and people found dead in the morning could not receive a proper explanation . After all , religion is a very early and very primitive attempt at science ! Hitchens does n't deny that , and never once attacks the spiritual need of humans to unite and find solace – what they offer , instead , is solace through knowledge .
For all it 's worth it , I need to address the writing . You can see that this man has loved reading since they were a kid . You can see they know literature in a very intimate way ; their choice of words , their rhythm , the subtle irony underlining the entire work , everything points out to a wonderfully complex and cultured mind behind those pages . And cultured they had to be , given the enormity of the subjects they chose to tackle in their entire career . This is , in my opinion , a very good piece of non-fiction writing . It shows through a very thorough research , even if it is centered on finding the right facts to support their claims . I can throw away my subjective , atheist self , look at this work with my objective , detail-obsessed reader 's eye and find only minor twerks in this study .
I , for one , love the way Hitchens writes , because I feel he 's having a conversation with me . And , in the end , that is every writer 's dream – the extension of one 's thoughts into another 's mind without the two actually being in each other 's presence .
Atheists … you know you liked it . Even if it was the sort of : `` oh wow they said it much better than I could have '' like , you enjoyed it .
Believers … you know you ca n't deny its truth . Even if you 're backed up by all your faith , do n't Hitchens ' arguments pick at your reason ?
All the rest … pick a side . Does Hitchens ask for too much ?
Just pick a damn side .
Exotic and Wild Game Meats are a terrific alternative to traditional choices like beef . Typically raised and fed in the wild , non-domesticated animals tend to be very lean and clean , making them a fantastic choice for those who are health-conscious or who want to eat the way humans were meant to . You 'll also experience a whole new world of flavor , from notes very similar to beef , to slightly gamey and on up to a strong game taste , expanding your palate . Whether you have a special focus on your health , particular dietary needs , just want to eat all-natural from the wild or simply desire to experience the full array of flavors that a variety of meats can provide . Here at The Meatman , our primary aim is to bring you the finest available meats from all over the world .
New to Wild Game ? Try a Sampler ! How to Cook Exotic Meats Wild Game Meat Recipes
Outside attorneys for President-elect Donald Trump have produced a detailed legal document justifying their right to profit from 'fair market value ' bookings at their luxury hotels by citing the federalist papers , salaries of officials in Arkansas before it was a state , and a victim of Nazi persecution who got compensation .
The lawyers , at the firm of Morgan , Lewis & Bockius , produced a five-page 'white paper ' that includes 30 footnotes that parse the Constitution and other historical documents to justify Trump 's ability to continue to profit as a hotel magnate while serving as commander in chief .
The paper , which lists six authors , brings up Trump 's new luxury hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue , which sits on the inaugural parade route on land that continues to be owned by the federal government .
At issue is whether room bookings would violate the Constitution 's 'Emoluments Clause , ' which prohibits any 'office f Profit or Trust ' from accepting a 'present , Emolument , Office , or Title , of any kind whatever , from any King , Prince , or foreign State . '
President-elect Donald Trump 's invoked the Federalist Papers , salaries of officials in Arkansas before it was a state , and a victim of Nazi persecution who got compensation to make the case that Trump should be able to benefit from bookings at their luxury hotels
Trump 's lawyers do not appear to have scrimped on historical research – or what some would consider an emolument in the form of top legal fees – to produce their findings .
They cite , among other things , a failed Titles of Nobility amendment to the Constitution , which passed Congress in 1810 but was n't passed by enough states to take effect .
It would have barred citizens from taking 'any present , pension , office , or emolument , of any kind whatever , from any Emperor , King , Prince , or foreign Power , ' and stripped violators of their citizenship .
The lawyers argue that state voters who approved the amendment – which nearly got adopted – could n't possibly have meant to prohibit people from engaging in simple commerce with foreigners – therefore opting for a narrow definition of emoluments .
The five-page white paper invokes a pension Ronald Reagan got from their time as governor of California
An opinion regarding compensation from a victim of Nazi persecution also came into play
Trump 's lawyers invoked James Madison - not to mention the late Justice Antonin Scalia and numerous other individuals to make the case for ongoing 'fair market ' hotel bookings
President-elect Donald Trump announced Wednesday that they were transferring authority over their business empire to their adult sons , and their lawyers produced a lengthy brief of why they should continue to be allowed to collect hotel income
'That suggests that the public did not understand the prohibition on accepting foreign emoluments to prohibit commerce with foreign states or their representatives through fair-market-value exchanges—and , by implication , that the Foreign Emoluments Clause does not reach these transactions , ' they write .
One footnote cites 'Salaries of Officers of Arkansas Territory ' from 1819 from the time before it was a state .
The cite Alexander Hamilton and James Madison 's Federalist Papers as buttressing a Supreme Court interpretation of Emoluments with an understanding that the term 'embrac [ es ] every species of compensation or pecuniary profit derived from a discharge of the duties of [ an ] office . '
In other words , it is meant to incorporate things derived from the public office , but not from unrelated income like a swanky hotel .
They reference a 1981 court ruling allowing President Reagan 's ability to accept a California state pension , and cite a similar argument relating to a victim of Nazi persecution who wanted to keep collecting civil damages – a letter from the assistant comptroller to the attorney general from 1955 .
'Another reached a similar conclusion about civil damages paid to a victim of Nazi persecution because they were 'not paid as profit , gain , compensation , perquisite , or advantage flowing to them as an incident to possession of an office or as compensation for services rendered , ' the authors write .
Some outside experts disagree . Richard Painter , who was the top ethics lawyer in George W. Bush 's White House , has testified that Trump would violate the Emoluments Clause on their first day in office if they maintain properties like the D.C. hotel .
Attorney Fred Fielding , who served as counsel to presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush , advised Trump on the propriety of their ongoing business
ALL 'S FAIR : The authors invoke a failed constitutional amendment to make the case that the Emoluments Clause should n't apply
One footnote references salaries of officeholders of the Arkansas Territory from 1819
The lawyers reference Alexander Hamilton and James Madison in the Federalist Papers
Trump attorney Sheri Dillon described how the Trump Organization will be run during Trump 's presidency
The paper lists six authors , including Sheri Dillon and Fred Fielding
' I do n't know if this problem is n't solved whether the Chief Justice can even show up to give them the oath of office , ' Painter said at a hearing organized by Oversight Committee Democrats .
'This is not some arcane provision . All it says is no for government payoffs for anybody holding a position of trust with the United States Government , not just the president , ' they said .
Former ambassador to the Czech Republic Norm Eisen , President Obama 's former ethics counsel , said at the same forum : 'Every one of those dollars that hits the hotel come January 20 will be in violation of the United States Constitution . '
Attorney Sheri Dillon , a partner at the firm who also has worked as Trump 's tax counsel , made the case for Trump keeping their business at the president-elect 's press conference Wednesday at Trump Tower .
Also present was Fred Fielding , a partner at Morgan , Lewis & Bockius LLP . Fielding served as counsel to Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush .
Every summer , Brian Greenspun turns over their Where I Stand column to guest writers for several weeks . Today 's writer is U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
As I spent time with my grandchildren a few Saturdays ago , I could n't help but notice the looming clouds rising over Las Vegas . Only these clouds did n't represent a 30-second , midsummer downpour . These clouds were smoke . Mount Charleston was burning . In fact , much of the West was burning . It would be days before the Carpenter 1 Fire , as it was called , was contained . In the meantime , more than 500 people were forced to evacuate their homes ; 28,000 acres were burned ; and at its peak , 1,300 firefighters worked around the clock to contain the blaze at the cost of $ 20 million . There should be no doubt : Climate change is contributing to wildfires in the West and causing them to be more ferocious , frequent and devastating .
As the Mount Charleston fire raged on and ash fell from the sky in Las Vegas , another wildfire was burning in Douglas County . The Bison Fire south of Reno was the largest blaze ever recorded in western Nevada . And while well-established science indicates that small , normally occurring wildfires are part of the healthy life cycle of forests , these types of large , catastrophic fires can cause extreme and long-lasting damage .
Not every wildfire , flood or drought can be attributed to human-induced transformation of our planet 's weather patterns , but in 2010 , the National Research Council concluded that the average fire season has expanded by two and a half months . Nevada 's Desert Research Institute reports that over the past decade and a half , seven of the 11 Western contiguous states have seen the largest fire in their state 's recorded history , and some of these states have broken such records only to see them broken again in the following years .
The summers are n't just getting longer ; average temperatures are also rising , and higher temperatures mean more evaporation and less water . In the winter of 2005 , we received an average amount of rain , but the high temperatures that year meant that the flows in the Colorado River were 25 percent lower than average . In areas prone to less rainfall , evaporation and transpiration of what little water exists creates drier plant life . This only exacerbates conditions conducive to fires . These drought-stressed trees and brush flare up faster than a healthy forest would , so fires get bigger and burn hotter once started .
It 's not just in the Western United States where fires are burning . In fact , the National Academy of Sciences — conceived by Congress during President Abraham Lincoln 's administration — has just published a study showing there are more fires burning now in the forests of Alaska than at any other time in the past 10,000 years . Think about that . In 10,000 years , they have n't found a time when there were more fires in Alaska than there are right now .
On Tuesday , I will co-host the sixth annual National Clean Energy Summit with the Center for American Progress , the Clean Energy Project , MGM Resorts International and UNLV . One of the issues we will discuss is extreme weather and how clean energy investments can make communities more resilient to such weather . On this topic , we will hear from John Podesta of the Center for American Progress ; Maria LaRosa , a meteorologist with the Weather Channel ; Pat Mulroy of the Southern Nevada Water Authority ; Dr. Kathryn Sullivan , an astronaut and acting administrator of the National Oceans and Atmospheric Administration ; and Chris Taylor , with the West Coast Infrastructure Exchange . If you are interested in attending , please visit www.cleanenergysummit.org to sign up .
The danger of climate change is n't limited to Nevada . At last year 's summit , I spoke at length about the other unparalleled extreme weather events taking place in the United States and in other parts of the globe . In 2012 , the Midwest experienced its most crushing drought in more than half a century — and maybe ever . Also last year , devastating fires swept New Mexico , Idaho , Colorado and other parts of the Mountain West , destroying hundreds of homes and burning millions of trees . The East Coast experienced extreme thunderstorms and the Mississippi River was historically low .
Unfortunately , too many elected officials in Washington still talk about climate change as if it does n't exist . They falsely claim scientists are still debating whether carbon pollution is warming the planet . It 's time for us all — whether we 're leaders in Washington , members of the media , scientists , academics , environmentalists or utility industry executives — to stop acting like those who deny this crisis exists have a valid point of view . They do n't . Virtually every respected climate scientist in the world agrees the problem is real , and the time to act is now . Not tomorrow . Not a week from now . Not next month or next year . We must act today .
Sen. Harry Reid , a Democrat from Nevada , is the majority leader of the U.S. Senate .
Seattle 's neighbor to the south , Tacoma , Wash. , formally announced its plans to respond to Amazon 's second headquarters request for proposals today . The Economic Development Board for Tacoma-Pierce County confirmed it will respond with a “ unified approach for a single South Sound bid ” just 35 miles away from Amazon 's original headquarters .
Tacoma made the official announcement in a press release Friday . The announcement confirms what GeekWire reported in early September , based on a conversation with Tacoma Economic Development Director Ricardo Noguera .
“ We have property in the heart of downtown which connects very well with the University of Washington 's Tacoma campus that we plan to include , ” they said at the time . “ We have light rail that runs right by the site that will make it very inviting and not require workers for the future campus to drive a car . We have over 2,000 ( housing ) units that are going to be developed in our greater downtown area within the next 18 months so that will create an environment where , unlike what you see in South Lake Union , that is very clustered , this will be stretched out maybe within a half mile to mile radius and I believe that we also have the talent here , with several universities and colleges . ”
Tacoma 's announcement comes a day after King and Snohomish counties announced their own regional play for Amazon HQ2 . King County Executive Dow Constantine said that the proposal does n't compete with Pierce County 's . If Amazon picks Tacoma , “ we still win ” they said .
But both bids are long shots . By selecting a location farther from Amazon 's original home , the company gains access to a new talent pool and has two different locations to offer to new hires . Amazon is planning to create a campus of up to 8 million square feet of office space to house up to 50,000 employees in another North American city .
In a study of pregnant women in Brazil , nearly 30 percent of those infected with Zika virus had babies with fetal abnormalities , researchers report March 4 in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Zika virus is the leading suspect for what 's causing a spike in certain birth defects reported in Brazil . Scientists have previously found traces of Zika in the brains of fetuses with microcephaly ( a birth defect that leaves babies with smaller-than-normal heads ) . And one study has reported that the virus can infect and kill a cell type crucial to developing brains ( SN Online : 3/4/16 ) .
The new study enrolled 88 pregnant women from Rio de Janeiro who had developed a rash ( a sign of Zika infection ) . They tracked the women throughout their pregnancies ; so far , eight have given birth . Of the 42 women who both tested positive for Zika and received fetal ultrasounds , 12 of the women 's babies had abnormalities ( including small heads , damaged brain tissue , and low levels of amniotic fluid ) .
Despite mild clinical symptoms , Zika infection during pregnancy appears to be linked with grave outcomes , the authors write .
Two weeks ago The New York Times reported that Republicans `` want a vastly smaller government . '' Last week the Times called the dispute about raising the federal debt ceiling `` an epic clash over the parties ' divergent views on the size and role of the federal government . '' This week it said President Obama faces `` a conservative movement seeking a wholesale redefinition of the proper role of government . ''
The recent debt deal , widely portrayed as a victory for Republicans , suggests their goals are decidedly less ambitious . As always in Washington , the `` epic clash '' perceived by the Times is in fact a squabble between two parties that both favor big government .
The debt deal , which authorizes the federal government to borrow another $ 2.1 trillion on top of the $ 14.3 trillion it already owes , supposedly includes `` $ 2.5 trillion in cuts . '' But as Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) emphasizes , those are cuts from a projected baseline in which the national debt grows by $ 10 trillion during the next decade , which means `` the BEST case scenario is still $ 7 trillion more in debt over the next 10 years . ''
Paul also notes that the vast majority of the `` cuts '' are not scheduled to take effect for years , raising serious doubts about whether they will happen at all . `` Why do we believe that the goal of $ 2.5 trillion over 10 years…will EVER be met , '' they ask , `` if the first two years ' cuts are $ 20 billion and $ 50 billion ? ''
Well , you might say , the debt deal is only the first step . But even at their boldest , House Republicans do not envision a federal government any smaller than it is now . Under the supposedly radical budget plan approved by the House in April , Cato Institute budget analyst Chris Edwards calculates , federal spending would rise by 34 percent during the next decade , compared to the 55 percent preferred by Obama . The budget would not be balanced until 2030 , while the role of the federal government would be essentially unchanged .
One of that plan 's weaknesses is that it does not address the so-called defense budget , which has nearly doubled in the last decade and represents more than two-fifths of the world 's military spending . This absurd situation cries out for critical examination by a party that supposedly wants a smaller government . Yet the squeals of protest elicited by the debt deal 's `` security-related '' cuts suggest Republicans are not ready to reconcile this country 's military spending with the threats it faces .
The deal 's initial caps , Cato 's Christopher Preble notes , would reduce total security spending in fiscal year 2012 by $ 5 billion below the current level , a decrease of less than 1 percent . The Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank avowedly dedicated to fiscal restraint , claims this tiny cut amounts to `` gutting national security resources . ''
In the second stage of the plan , if Congress fails to approve at least $ 1.2 trillion in savings proposed by a special bipartisan committee , automatic cuts would take $ 500 billion from the Pentagon budget over 10 years . That 's a cut of less than 10 percent from current spending . We could easily afford to cut much more than that if the United States stopped getting involved in unnecessary wars and stopped defending rich countries that are perfectly capable of defending themselves .
But according to Heritage , this 10-percent cut `` would compromise our nation 's security . '' Rep. Allen West ( R-Fla. ) called it `` incredible '' and `` unconscionable . '' If the cut takes effect , Rep. Randy Forbes ( R-Va. ) warned , `` they 'll have to have a new strategy for how they defend the United States of America . '' They might even decide to focus on defending the United States instead of policing the world . Unthinkable !
During the negotiations over raising the debt limit , Obama kept saying they wanted a `` balanced '' approach , by which they meant higher taxes coupled with cuts in projected spending . The debt deal , for all its flaws , could point the way to a different sort of balance , one that involves cutting programs Republicans like along with programs Democrats like .
Jacob Sullum is a senior editor at Reason and a nationally syndicated columnist .
© Copyright 2011 by Creators Syndicate Inc .
Here 's how Charlotte Hornets point guard Jeremy Lin reacted when asked what makes the San Antonio Spurs distinct among 29 other NBA franchises :
“ A lot of times you hear about ( teams ) making adjustments to the Spurs , ” Lin said Friday . “ You never hear about the Spurs making adjustments to other ” teams .
Much as there is a New England Patriots way of doing things that other NFL teams both admire and resent , the Spurs are the Spurs . They 've had the same coach , curmudgeonly Gregg Popovich , for 20 years . The trio at their core – Tim Duncan , Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili – are the winningest teammates in NBA history .
Since Duncan 's arrival from Wake Forest in 1997 , the Spurs have won 11 division titles , six Western Conference titles and five NBA championships . So when someone from the outside grouses about Popovich resting veterans for a road game – they once listed Duncan on the injury report as “ old ” – they do n't sweat your opinion of them .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
This is the team the Hornets will face Saturday at AT & T Center – one that has beaten them in 15 of the past 16 meetings and nine in a row .
Hornets guard-forward Nic Batum is close friends with two of those Spurs : Parker and former Charlotte Bobcat Boris Diaw . Those three played together on the French national team last summer , and it was an opportunity for Batum to quiz their buddies on what makes the Spurs .
“ I do n't think any of those guys care about their numbers – how many points , how many rebounds they 're going to get . They only care who is going to win the game at the end . And most of the time they do win it in the end , ” Batum said .
“ That 's why I think they 've been so good so long ; their mentality , their approach to the game . … Whether they 're up 20 or down 20 , they 're going to play the same way . ”
That insistence from Popovich on down to stick to a script is what Hornets coach Steve Clifford sees as the Spurs ' greatness .
There are n't many wild attempts at innovation in the NBA ; nothing like the wildcat formation in football or the extreme infield shifts in vogue of late in baseball . Coaching is more about making sure players know precisely what is expected of them in a given situation .
“ When you watch them play everything makes sense , ” Clifford said . “ From the way they ( defend ) a pick-and-roll to the way they run a pick-and-roll . ”
Clifford said the mark of the Spurs is n't outsmarting opponents with trickery , but rather executing the simple things with such precision that it works in the most stressful moments .
“ You think about all the years ” they 've excelled , Clifford said . “ A ( playoff ) Game 6 , they 're on the road with 55 seconds left , they 're down one and my vision of that team is n't of all these great shots , it 's of Ginobili getting the ball to Duncan , making a quick cut and they just lays it in . Simple plays . ”
Clifford knows their team is n't the Spurs . But he 's encouraged that several of the players acquired in the offseason – Lin , Batum , Jeremy Lamb and Spencer Hawes – have passing skills and that unselfish approach that help the Spurs excel .
None more , Clifford said , than Batum , who has been given major decision-making responsibility in Charlotte 's offense .
“ There are plenty of guys who are sound basketball players when you give them the ball . But they – and this is an exceptional quality even at this level – only gives them the ball when they have a chance to do something with it , ” Clifford said of Batum .
“ That , to me , is Steve Nash or Tracy McGrady : It 's being an expert on your teammates and playing in a way that makes them better all the time . ”
In today 's world , it 's not always easy to get the respect you deserve . There 's a lot of people that take their frustrations and insecurities out on you every single day .
Getting disrespected sucks . It ruins your day , makes you feel unimportant , and lowers your self-esteem when you do n't do anything about it .
It 's no fun in the park getting walked over , getting ignored , and getting outspoken by people who are louder than you .
And on top of that , if it 's not handled correctly , it builds up a lot of repressed emotions that can lead to crazy bursts of anger , resentment , and frustration .
You know it when you see it — your boss yells at you today more than usual , your girlfriend does n't listen to you , or some guy knocks over your drink and calls you a loser — you know .
It 's a symptom of the Nice Guy syndrome , the syndrome where guys feel uncomfortable to assert themselves when it 's needed .
The good news is , with a huge mindshift change and a lot of conscious effort , it does n't have to be that way .
So in this article , I 'm going to show you how to start breaking out of this Nice Guy loop and show you how to demand to respect from others…without being an asshole .
The Wrong Way To Get Respect
Growing up , I was the textbook definition of a Nice Guy .
I 'd retract into my metaphorical shell of shyness when people would deal with me in a way I did n't want to be treated .
“ Hey , will you do this for me ? ”
The answer from me , was always yes…even if I did n't want to do it .
I was afraid to stand up to the bully who pushed me around and picked on me in class , my opinions rarely got heard when I wanted to fix a problem , and as a result , I did n't have a lot of respect from my peers and from myself .
I let myself suffer from people treating me like crap . And it caused me a lot of problems with anxiety , self-esteem , and confidence .
So when I first got into personal development , one of the topics that was constantly on my mind was how to get respected .
How to become a person that people look up to , treat with common decency , and listen to .
That came with a caveat : I did n't want to become the same person who I previously hated for not listening , putting me down , and not giving a shit about my feelings .
I did n't , and still do n't , want to step on people 's toes and become an asshole , even if people listen to me .
Regardless of my intentions , when I first started speaking up for myself , I just spoke louder .
I trained myself to speak my mind all of the time , so that way , I was guaranteed to get heard and respected . That should work , right ?
Wrong .
Instead of being a shy insecure guy , I just became a loud insecure guy . I disregarded other people 's feelings and became that asshole that I never wanted to be .
This brings me to my first piece of advice .
1 . Do n't Demand Respect
Demanding Respect is an oxymoron . Demands do n't get respect — they get resentment .
Of course we still all deserve respect , but in order to get it , you have to give it first .
That was the complete opposite of what I did when I first tried to get respect . I “ demanded ” that people listened to me , and although people heard me , they did n't actually listen .
I was that asshole who just tried to force my opinion on everyone else , which is still the same insecurity of feeling disrespected , just expressed in a different way .
People who get respected do n't demand it . They earn it by giving people respect first .
Instead of being Nice Guys , they are Good Guys . They :
Want to do things for the greater good of humanity
Genuinely care about helping people without expecting anything in return
Live true to their values
Speak their minds when appropriate
Becoming a respected person is all about giving respect first . It 's about respecting your values and what you want for yourself .
Do n't demand respect . Earn it .
2 . Apply The 90/10 Principle of Business To Your Life
Eben Pagan , in their $ 10,000 business seminar ‘ Get Altitude ' , mentions that successful businesses give 90 % of their content away for free .
The remaining 10 % of paid content is what brings in the boat-loads of money .
These badass companies offer a ridiculous amount of content for free , and when they ask for people to buy their products , customers wo n't mind spending lots of money for it . Free and valuable content pays off .
Getting respect is the same way . Whether you 're the CEO of a company or the president of an organization or simply the host of an event , giving 90 % of the value is a critical element .
Otherwise , when you ask people to do things for you , they wo n't want to help you out . If you try to say something important , they 'll be less likely to be influenced by you .
Why ? Because they wo n't respect you .
Think of a boss or manager of a job that you absolutely hated . They probably worked less hours than you , demanded that you print the TPS reports to place on their desk at 2:33 AM , and never once asked about how your day was going .
As a result , you resented this person and wished they 'd slip on a banana and hit their head on a rock .
Do n't be that guy .
Instead , put in 90 % of the value of whatever situation you 're in , and when you do , do n't feel bad about asking for the remaining 10 % .
Are you the CEO of a company ? You better be working the hardest to make sure profit margins are up before asking someone else to do it .
Hosting a dinner party ? You better not rely on everyone else to bring the food and set up your house for you .
It 's not about getting respect from the other person — it 's about becoming a respectable person yourself .
It 's about creating more value than you consume . People will see that you 're putting in effort in your life , that you 're a responsible person , and that you go after what you want .
When your peers see that , they 'd gladly help you out when you need it .
They 'll listen to you . They 'll know your values and will know to treat you with the respect you deserve , even if you are n't the “ nicest ” guy .
Think about Steve Jobs . They had their fair share of issues and screamed at their employees a lot , but because they were creating so much value for everyone around him , they had the ability to demand the best from the people in their company .
If they did n't live up to their expectations , they were n't in the company for much longer .
Steve Jobs — respected human being .
3 . Listen Intently
“ Seek first to understand , then to be understood. ” -Stephen Covey
In their book The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People , Stephen Covey describes how effective people seek to understand others first , then desire to be understood afterwards .
This is the complete opposite of most people , who usually wait for their turn to talk or tell someone that they 're wrong before they 've finished speaking .
“ Use empathic listening to be genuinely influenced by a person , which compels them to reciprocate the listening and take an open mind to being influenced by you . This creates an atmosphere of caring , and positive problem-solving . ”
Listening is the skill that provides the most ultimate social value .
When you listen to people talk , they feel important because you 're giving them undivided attention and care . When they feel important , they like you . And when they like you , they actually listen to you .
“ Talk to someone about themselves and they 'll listen for hours. ” - Dale Carnegie , How to Win Friends and Influence People
This goes FAR above any loud spoken dominant asshole who pretends to have any influence on others .
I 've come to notice that these people have an “ influence illusion ” to Nice Guys , and when I thought I was getting outspoken or getting disrespected by these louder guys , that was n't the case at all .
These people were n't liked as much , and although they spoke their opinion MUCH more and were more forceful about it , it was n't taken with much weight .
Do n't let them fool you .
But when you want to get the respect of people around you , it is important for them to like you .
So instead of trying to prove yourself to them by speaking your mind louder than the people around you , seek to understand them first .
Ask questions and try to figure out what they 're thinking . Then , only after you understand them completely , seek to be understood . Your peers will respect you for it .
4 . If People Like You , You 're Doing It Wrong
Over the course of running this blog , I 've gotten a surprising amount of negative feedback .
“ This article is bullshit and stupid and helps nobody . ”
“ You write personal development stuff ? That 's lame . ”
( and my personal favorite ) “ Go kill yourself , you 're a piece of shit . ”
The best part ? That feedback was on my first article I ever wrote . I have since taken it down because it was n't written well anyways , but for a period of time I felt like shit for getting criticized on my works .
I 'd gotten some comments on some of my other articles by other readers that were personal attacks on me , and initially , it really got to me . And it occasionally it still does .
But as I was re-reading Tim Ferriss ' advice on dealing with haters , I read a little nugget of wisdom that 's rung true in other areas of my life besides just blogging :
“ It does n't matter how many people do n't get it . What matters is how many that do . ”
After letting this sink in to my subconscious , I felt inspired to keep writing even after all the negative comments . I 'm glad I did .
I 've since then received e-mails from people all over the world about how they appreciate the articles that I 've written and videos that I 've published .
It has helped me connect with other like-minded individuals , provide a platform for a personal growth , and speak my mind to the Internets .
Had I quit when I received negative feedback from the haters across the globe , I would 've eliminated all the amazing benefits I got from the people who do get it . The people who do understand and connect with what I 'm talking about .
Do n't let the haters get you down in any area of your life .
Expect it , and when you find yourself face-to-face with someone who has nothing but negative things to say to you , just smile and know that you 're doing something right .
5 . Do n't Worry About Being Liked
Focus on VALUE instead of being liked . When you focus on value , people wo n't like you — they 'll need you .
They 'll love you .
Or they 'll hate you out of jealousy . But they 'll never be able to discount your worth , kill your self-esteem , shatter your confidence , or have any influence on you .
You 'll know your value in the world , and you 'll still be able to influence people with a certain type of respect .
Just like Steve Jobs .
6 . Stand Your Ground Unapologetically , But Without Judgement
There are some people who , no matter what you do , wo n't listen to you or respect you , even when you do it first . As men 's coach Mike Hrostoski says in their article on How To Connect With Anyone , love them anyways .
There will always be people who will try to shut down everything you say , and at that point , it 's not a logical premise — it 's a personal attack .
In that case , leave them with their own garbage and move on with your day .
But if you 're like me and have grown to not be tolerant of people who are consistently disrespectful to you , consider the option of figuring out what the actual problem is .
“ Why does it feel like we 're not getting along ? ”
“ What 's the real problem , here ? ”
If you try to ask questions about it and they 're not receptive , no big deal .
It 's respectful to try and solve the problem , but it 's an asshole move to force something that 's not going to happen anyways .
Do n't keep pushing .
Just focus back on adding value to the situation around you , and go on with your day . No need to judge them — they could just be having an off day/week/life .
But if they keep trying to shut down your opinion or blatantly disrespect you , then stand your ground and do what you feel is necessary .
If it 's an employee or a co-worker , fire them or talk to someone about it . If it 's a friend or girlfriend and this is a reoccurring theme , it 's time to move on .
Stand your ground unapologetically , without judgement , and with respect for yourself .
Conclusion
All in all , if you 're constantly getting disrespected by the people around you , you need to do something about it . You should begin to speak your mind , give more value to the people around you , listen more , and stand your ground without judgement .
You 'll be able to respect yourself for living true to your values and you 'll be able to “ demand ” respect of those around you .
Penguins can fly ? The title of this article is sure to elicit raised eyebrows and deep furrows of confusion , but it is true — penguins do , in fact , fly .
But , they fly underwater . Penguin flippers evolved in order to “ fly ” underwater , employing similar mechanisms of flight that birds use . Penguin wings are modified as paddles that can provide propulsion speeds of 30 kilometres per hour . They are effectively tapering wings ( just like an airplane 's ) . Also , quite remarkably , penguin wings are able to generate forward thrust on both the up and down stroke cycles , by changing their orientation , in which case the pitch of the wing is raised on the upstroke but lowered on the downstroke . In addition to this hydrofoil-like feature , penguins also use their webbed feet , which are effectively rudders that trail behind in the water and steer in a directed fashion .
Here is a video , showing penguins swimming underwater . They are , technically , flying , but in a different medium .
The fact that the locomotion medium for penguin is primarily water required that penguins evolve several adaptations . Firstly , because water is denser and heavier than air , penguin bones are not hollow as they are in birds . They are solid and as such , they help penguins sink down more easily in water , which is more economical of energy . The bones of the wing are also fused together , giving rise to this rigidly strong paddle-like flipper which penguins possess , where the joints of the elbow and wrist are fixed . This means that penguin wings can not fold and shoulders provide the only mobility . The bones that form the wing are also flat and narrow so as to adopt a paddle-like structure .
Penguins also possess a long streamlined , torpedo-shaped body , which provides less drag and ultimately economises on energy costs during locomotion since this reduces the power required for propulsion . Penguin bodies are therefore disproportionately bigger than their wings . Since flight feathers would become waterlogged in water , their functionality became very much reduced during the course of penguin evolution . Penguins , today , only possess mere vestigial scale-like feather structures , which serve only to reduce drag .
However , the evolution of the paddle-like stiff flippers in penguins also required increased muscle mass , especially since it provides froward thrust during both the up and down strokes . Accordingly , penguins have highly developed pectoral muscles . In particular , the pectoralis and the supracoracoideus power wing flight movements . The pectoralis muscle is the largest penguin muscle and it serves to depress wings and acts as the downstroke muscle . The supracoracoideus muscle is also massively developed in penguins . It elevates the wing and powers the upstroke .
So , the next time you want to win a bet . Yes , penguins do fly – albeit in a different medium , water . They adjusted the functionality of their wings in order to account for living in water .
Bibliography
Storer , R. W. 1960 . Evolution in the diving birds . Proc . 12th Int . Ornithol . Congr . : 694-707 .
Advertisements
Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
Great news for purveyors of poster board in Boston . Jacoby Ellsbury is headed back to Fenway Park . In a Yankees uniform . Tonight .
You can already envision the artists at work .
To Hell with Ells !
Burning questions to the 37,400 who will cram Fenway over the next three nights are : Do you want a full pound of flesh ? Or will a few quarts of blood do ?
When Ellsbury jogs onto the Yawkey Way lawn as an enemy for the first time , one man , and one man only , will come closest to knowing exactly how Ellsbury feels in the moment .
The man who , like Ellsbury , moved from center field in Boston to center stage in New York as a free agent . The man who was booed for a full 30 seconds before their first at-bat in Fenway Park with the Yankees in 2006 . The man who endured boos , taunting , boos , curses , boos , obscene gestures , more boos and homemade signs that evening calling them “ Benedict Damon ” and “ Judas Demon . ”
Why , the artistic flair shown by some fans .
“ It was definitely tough because I put my heart and soul on the field for them , ” Johnny Damon told Bleacher Report the other day . “ And just to see how much the fans really hate Yankee players . ”
Truthfully , a guy does not exactly need to pack up their Fenway Park locker , sign with the Yanks for a gob of Benjamins and then come gallivanting back into Kenmore Square in pinstripes just to learn what Boston fans really think of Yankees players , does he ?
You and I pretty much know the end game there .
But for those hardcore Hardball Scientists who insist on testing that theory , here 's one hint in advance for Mr. Ellsbury : The entire thing leaves a deep and lasting scar .
“ The toughest thing for me was the whole experience , ” Damon said . “ That 's why I try not to even think about it anymore . You find out how vicious people are , and how a jersey can change people 's thoughts on you and on people and on society . ”
Hall of Famer Wade Boggs surely would second that . Though some of the chill has melted since they fled Fenway for the Bronx in 1993 , won a World Series with the Yanks in '96 and has plenty of pictures of them riding a police horse in Yankee Stadium to prove it , Boggs remains angry to this day that the Sox still have not retired their No . 26 .
Instead , Chris Snopek , Wes Chamberlain , Lou Merloni and Scott Podsednik are among those who have worn the number since they left . Chris Snopek ? Ouch .
“ He will get booed , ” Boggs told Bleacher Report , chuckling . “ Needless to say , I got booed when I went back . The Boston faithful does not like Yankees who have gone from Boston to New York . ”
As for Damon , they were a core member of the beloved Idiots of 2004 who sent Boston into orbit by winning its first World Series title in 86 years . It was Damon , in fact , who coined the “ Idiots ” nickname in the first place .
But following the 2005 season , their fourth with the Red Sox , they signed a free-agent deal with the Yankees that paid them $ 12 million more than Boston had offered .
David J. Phillip
Next thing Damon knew—and heads up right here , Mr. Ellsbury—he was trotting out to a Fenway Park center field that 's warning track was littered in dollar bills , both real and fake .
They still avoid discussing specifics .
“ It felt like I was the most hated person on the planet , ” said Damon , aftershocks from that May 1 , 2006 , evening still rumbling through their brain eight years later . “ But I understood , and I dealt with it .
“ And I 'm just glad I got another World Series ring in 2009 ( with the Yankees ) . Made it all worthwhile . ”
ZING !
Ellsbury , of course , helped Boston win a World Series just last October .
So unlike Damon , who at least had a year 's buffer zone in Boston before bailing , Ellsbury was a Yankee before they ever had a chance to slip the Red Sox World Series ring onto their finger .
Meaning , what we 've got heading into the latest epic Yankees-Red Sox Series is this :
A Red Sox team that now has spoiled no-longer-suffering Boston with three World Series titles in the past 10 years .
A Red Sox/Ellsbury relationship severed so recently that the open-wound split remains raw .
So now what Red Sox and Yankees denizens—and the Entertainment Tonight portion of baseball 's fandom—are dying to know is , has all of this recent success softened Bostonians up enough that the reaction to Ellsbury will be only really , really ugly ?
Or will it be remarkably and exquisitely hateful ?
“ I 'm sure it 's going to be tough on Ellsbury , ” Damon said . “ It was a little easier on me because Boston was my third team , and I understood the business side of the game .
“ I believe he 's having a good year so far , which helps . ”
Tom Szczerbowski/Getty Images
Damon 's scouting is accurate : In 19 games as the Yankees ' center fielder , Ellsbury is hitting .338/.395/.441 with six RBIs and eight steals , tied for second in the American League with Houston 's Jose Altuve .
Ellsbury , who signed a seven-year , $ 153 million contract with the Yanks over the winter , did get their World Series ring two weeks ago . Boston general manager Ben Cherington and manger John Farrell personally gave it to them when the Sox visited the Bronx for the first time this season .
“ It 's better to have the entire stadium yelling at you , or most of them , ” Damon said . “ Because they spoke words and they kind of bounced off a little bit more .
“ When one person is going directly at you , that 's when it gets rough . When everyone is yelling at you , you realize it 's the jersey and not you the individual . ”
Damon was scarred by the boos , in no small part because , as they say , they “ put my heart and soul ” onto that field for the Red Sox for four years . But they also get not only that it is a business , but that “ it 's a business which Boston helped create for me . ”
Despite their World Series hero status from '04 , Damon—who is spending this month in New York raising money for charitable foundations—has not made any public appearances in Boston since defecting to the Yankees .
Still , they say they plan to be around Boston quite a bit this summer to visit with one of their best friends , Orlando neighbor and Sox catcher A.J . Pierzynski , and with their longtime buddy , David Ortiz .
Their advice to Ellsbury ?
Elsa/Getty Images
“ You know , just keep playing good , ” Damon said . “ Or keep playing hard . Because fans respect that more than someone who just puts up numbers and does n't care about games 100 percent of the time . Hard work and hustle can help you win some very important games . ”
Maybe one more thing , too : Do n't expect to get your side of the story out .
“ The Red Sox own the newspapers , they own the radio station , they own NESN ( New England Sports Network ) , ” Damon said . “ They were filling up the airwaves . I was n't surprised .
“ God forbid somebody called in and said something good about me . I just do n't think it made the airwaves that night—or for the next four years . ”
Scott Miller covers Major League Baseball as a national columnist for Bleacher Report . They have over two decades of experience covering MLB , including 14 years as a national baseball columnist at CBSSports.com .
Follow Scott on Twitter and talk baseball here .
The Shin Bet ( Israel Security Agency ) revealed on Thursday the identity of the two chief suspects wanted for involvement in the kidnapping of three Israeli youths earlier this month .
Both Marwan Kawasme and Amar Abu Aysha are from Hebron and longstanding Hamas members . The Shin Bet added that both were wanted as soon as security forces learned of the kidnapping .
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
David Ahntholz for The New York Times
Hereditary hair loss and thinning hair are common concerns in women , but many popular treatments do n't do any good , writes Lesley Alderman in today 's Patient Money .
According to the American Academy of Dermatology , 30 million women in this country have hereditary hair loss , compared with 50 million men . But many additional women experience thinning hair that results from menopause or health problems . If your hair is coming out , be advised that of the multitude of treatments on the market for women , few are worth your money , says Dr. Melissa Piliang , a dermatologist at the Cleveland Clinic . Americans spent an estimated $ 176 million on hair loss products last year , and chances are some of that money was not well spent . Do n't let charming salon owners , seductive ads or fancy gimmicks convince you otherwise .
To learn more about the various hair loss solutions and the costs involved , read the full column , “ When Hair Loss Strikes , a Doctor Is a Girl 's Best Friend , ” and then please join the discussion below .
Yuichiro Hyakuya
VA : Miyu Irino Yuichiro is a boy who escaped from the city of vampire . They hold intense hatred against vampires who killed their family , and enlisted in the Japanese Imperial Demon Army for vampire extermination . They are not always a good team player , but is kind and caring deep inside .
Mikaela Hyakuya
VA : Kensho Ono Mikaela is the 2nd remaining survivor of the Hyakuya Orphanage , and best friend of Yuichiro . They were thought to have died when escaping from the city of vampire , but was alive and turned into a vampire . They fight to rescue Yuichiro who is being used by humans .
Guren Ichinose
VA : Yuichi Nakamura Guren is Lieutenant Colonel of the “ The Moon Demon Company ” , Vampire Extermination Unit of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army . They have led Yuichiro to join the Japanese Imperial Demon Army after they escaped the city of vampire . They are secretly attempting something to reform the Imperial Demon Army governed by the Hiragi Family .
Ferid Bathory
VA : Takahiro Sakurai Ferid is the man who killed Yuichiro 's family when they tried to escape the city of vampire . As a Seventh Progenitor vampire , they have much power but many times , they speak nonsense . They seem to be plotting something with human behind everyone 's back .
Shinoa Hiragi
VA : Saori Hayami Shinoa is the Squad Leader of “ The Moon Demon Company ” . Them origin is Hiragi Family who takes control of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army , and is the real sister of Mahiru Hiiragi who developed the Cursed Gear . Is a subordinate of Lieutenant Colonel Guren , and was appointed to supervise Yuichiro Hyakuya .
Yoichi Saotome
VA : Nobuhiko Okamoto Yoichi is a member of the `` The Moon Demon Company ” fighting vampires with Yuichiro . Their sister has been killed by a vampire , and joined the troop for revenge . Although they are kind-hearted , they have a strong will and stand up against difficulty at times of emergency .
Shiho Kimizuki
VA : Kaito Ishikawa Same as Yuichiro , Shiho belongs to the “ The Moon Demon Company ” . They are clear headed with excellent combat ability , but is cynical and is treated as a troublemaker among others . Has a sister ill in bed , and enlisted in the army in order to undergo the treatment .
Mitsuba Sangu
VA : Yuka Iguchi Mitusuba is an elite who belongs to the Vampire Extermination Unit since 13 years old . Has known Shinoa for a long time . They think that they let a member die because of their selfishness , and since then focuses on teamwork during battle .
Krul Tepes
VA : Aoi Yuki Krul is a queen who rules Sanguinem , the city of vampire . They are the Third Progenitor and holds extraordinary power . 4 years ago , they gave their own blood to Mikaela who was terribly injured from a fight with Ferid , and resurrected them as a vampire .
Crowley Eusford
VA : Kenichi Suzumura Crowley is a noble of the Thirteenth Progenitor and belongs to the faction led by Ferid Bathory . They participated in the battle for Shinjuku , and at the battle with Shinoa 's squad , showed their overpowering ability which even beat down Yuichiro with the Black Demon gear ! !
Lacus Welt
VA : Takuma Nagatsuka Lacus is a vampire assuming the mission of city guard like Mikaela . They are the one that killed Yoichi 's sister . They are not a noble but has high combat capability . They ca n't hide their desire for blood , and sometimes wo n't stop drinking blood until the human is dead .
Rene Simm
VA : Yuichiro Umehara René is the colleague of Mikaela and Lacus , and has extremely high combat ability . Unlike other vampires who tend to underestimate humans , they think they are a `` greedy arrogant creature '' , and consider the fanatical state of Imperial Demon Army 's soldiers very dangerous .
Kureto Hiragi
VA : Tomoaki Maeno Kureto is a Lieutenant General of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army . They are very ruthless as Shinoa calls them a `` monster '' , and is willing to retaliate anyone who is against the Hiragi Family . Their ambition is to exterminate vampires from Japan , and have the world under the control of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army .
Chess Belle
VA : Nozomi Furuki Chess is a Seventeenth Progenitor vampire who serves Crowley . Even though they are a noble , their personality is freewheeling , and behavior is very careless . They often ca n't control their desire while drinking blood and end up killing human .
Shinya Hiragi
VA : Tatsuhisa Suzuki Shinya is a Major General of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army . They were chosen to marry Shinoa 's older sister Mahiru and was adopted by the Hiragi Family . Although they have high capacity of spellcraft from childhood , is not comfortable about the Hiragi Family , and is good friends with Guren holding the same intention .
Horn Skuld
VA : Yoko Hikasa Horn is a Seventeenth Progenitor , same level as Chess . They are serving Crowley from a certain reason . They take their duties seriously and scolds Chess for their misbehavior like a big sister . They prefer Crowley 's blood more than anything else .
Sayuri Hanayori
VA : Atsumi Tanezaki Sayuri is a servant for the Ichinoses , and is Second Lieutenant of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army . Since young , they had a crush on Guren and is their emotional support . While serving as a member of The Moon Demon Company , they are also an Army instructor for the training classes .
Shigure Yukimi
VA : Yui Ishikawa Shigure is a Second Lieutenant of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army , and like Sayuri , they are a servant for the Ichinose Family . Them personality is calm and tends to hide their emotions . They are keeping their feelings for Guren to herself . Shigure has incredible battle skills and uses weapons such as hidden weapons with dexterity .
Asuramaru
VA : Hibiku Yamamura A demon that dwells on the Black Demon gear owned by Yuichiro Hyakuya . Dislikes love , favors desire , and only thinks about dominating the body of Yuichiro . However , sometimes gets bewildered when seeing the gentle side of Yuichiro .
Norito Goshi
VA : Daisuke Ono Norito is a Colonel of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army , and serves as a member of a team led by Guren . They excel in illusion than physical attacks , and covers Guren who mainly fights in close combat . They are sensual and loves beautiful women .
Mito Jujo
VA : Yu Shimamura Mito is the daughter of the prestigious Jujo family and a member of Guren 's Moon Demon Company squad . They are a Colonel with a characteristic crimson-red hair . Mito excels in spellcast techniques transmitted from generation to generation in the Jujo family , which enhances their physical ability in the combat .
Akane
VA : You Taichi A family member of the Hyakuya Orphanage .
Chihiro
VA : Reika Uyama A family member of the Hyakuya Orphanage .
Kouta
VA : Haruka Shimizu A family member of the Hyakuya Orphanage .
Ako
VA : Marie Miyake A family member of the Hyakuya Orphanage .
Fumie
VA : Chitose Morinaga A family member of the Hyakuya Orphanage .
Taichi
VA : Miyuki Kobori A family member of the Hyakuya Orphanage .
Seishiro Hiragi
VA : Hiroyuki Yohino Seishiro is a member of the Hiragi Family , and a person of influence as a Major General of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army . They are rude and has an offensive personality . Has a strong complex against their older brother Kureto , and secretly planning to outwit their brother one day .
A newly filed lawsuit alleges Hawthorne police officers beat and used a Taser on a deaf man as they tried to sign that they could n't hear them during a confrontation last year . Our report from the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Monday , Feb. 17 , 2014 . ( Published Tuesday , Feb. 18 , 2014 )
A newly filed lawsuit alleges officers from the Hawthorne Police Department beat a deaf man and shocked them with a Taser as they tried to sign that they could n't hear .
The Greater Los Angeles Agency on Deafness filed the lawsuit this week on behalf of a deaf man from Manhattan Beach , claiming the officers committed a civil rights violation under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act during a confrontation last year .
According to the man 's lawyer , the incident happened Feb. 13 , 2013 , when Jonathan Meister made arrangements to pick up a few belongings from their friend 's home on the 3550 block of 147th Street in Hawthorne .
A neighbor apparently mistook Meister for a thief and called police . The neighborhood , according to a police report , had experienced a recent rash in burglaries .
When officers responded to the area , Meister allegedly motioned to the officers that they were deaf .
`` It 's my understanding they were doing something like , '' said John Burton , Meister 's attorney , as they pointed to their ear and mouth the words , `` I ca n't hear . ''
`` ( It was ) to try to indicate that they could n't hear , '' Burton said .
Meister was unable to explain to officers exactly what they were doing at the home before officers grabbed them by the wrists , according to the lawsuit .
Because Meister is deaf , they depend on using their hands and reading lips in order to communicate , Burton said . That is why Meister tried to break free of their grip , they said .
`` They wound up tackling him , tasing him , choking him , and punching and kicking them on multiple occasions , '' Burton said .
The suit alleges that Hawthorne police failed to take appropriate steps to communicate effectively with them or furnish appropriate auxiliary aids throughout the course of the confrontation .
Deaf advocates feel the incident involving Meister shows the need for law enforcement to be better trained in areas such as understanding sign language .
In a statement to NBC4 , the Hawthorne Police Department would not comment on this case specifically , but said in part :
`` Hawthorne Police Department officers are trained to deal with incidents where communication , for various reasons , can sometimes be difficult . Officers make every effort to communicate effectively and bring every one of these incidents to a peaceful resolution .
`` In almost all cases , it is the person 's behavior and actions who we contact that dictate police response rather than the communication barriers present . That is certainly the case in this specific matter . ''
The lawsuit comes in the wake of another suit filed against the city of Hawthorne and three of its officers in the fatal shooting of a man 's pet Rottweiler .
A customized , motorized wheelchair worth around $ 17,000 was stolen from the home of a man with Cerebral palsy . Two teens were arrested for the theft after posting a video online , but the chair is still missing . Greg Cergol reports . ( Published Tuesday , June 11 , 2013 )
A Long Island man with Cerebral palsy was stranded in their home for days after thieves stole their $ 17,000 customized wheelchair .
`` They stole my independence , '' said Pinello of Flower Hill .
Pinello , 27 , used the motorized wheelchair as their means of transportation . Without it , they had to rely on others to push them around in a traditional wheelchair .
Pinello put out a public call Tuesday pleading for the return of their wheelchair . Hours later Tuesday night , police announced it was found by a neighbor and returned to the owner .
The thieves took the wheelchair from Pinello 's Nassau county home last weekend , they said . The Sandy-damaged home is being renovated to make it handicapped accessible .
While the work is being done , Pinello , their mom and sister have been staying in a nearby apartment but , because the 350-pound wheelchair is too heavy to move into the upstairs apartment , the Pinellos stored it at night in their home .
`` They left my son stranded , '' said Carmela Pinello , Vinny 's mom . `` They have no consideration , no respect . ''
Nassau police arrested two 14-year-olds on charges they stole the wheelchair . The teens were taken into custody , police said , after they posted videos to Facebook showing them riding the wheelchair , which can move at speeds up to 35 miles an hour .
`` The two juveniles rode the wheelchair around the neighborhood until it died about a half-hour later a half-mile away and , at that time , they abandoned the wheelchair , '' said Inspector Kenneth Lack of the Nassau County Police Department .
The accused teens are due in Family Court in Westbury next Monday . They 're charged with burglary and grand larceny .
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
The latest round of expansion in American professional soccer has led to a land grab of sorts . Twenty-two new teams kicked off in 2014 and 2015 , and more are on the way this year .
In fact , some cities that did n't have teams a few years ago now have multiple organizations vying for attention .
The New York City area has Major League Soccer teams in the Bronx and New Jersey , while the North American Soccer League 's Cosmos play on Long Island . Teams from both the second-division NASL and third-division USL will play in Oklahoma City this year . A new NASL team in Miami is expected to be followed by a Major League Soccer team later this decade . And reports suggest that Chicago , which already has an MLS franchise , could get an NASL team .
AFP/Getty Images Spanish soccer star Raúl celebrates with their New York Cosmos teammates after winning the NASL 's championship match last November .
More than 60 professional teams will compete across North America in 2016 . League executives say there 's room for more and insist that they are expanding with care , determined to identify good combinations of ownership , facilities and market dynamics wherever they can be found . They 're also moving quickly as investors in diverse markets advocate for their addition to the scene .
Read : Major League Soccer knows it will need to raise players ' pay
“ The three professional leagues are really not linked in any manner today , so they 're all going out and making decisions that are best for their own development , ” NASL Commissioner Bill Peterson said during a Tuesday conference call . “ We 're doing the same thing . ”
The backdrop for the occasional competition between leagues is a boom in new clubs in the U.S. and Canada , where all three leagues operate .
The NASL , which added one team in 2015 , will play with 12 this year after a Puerto Rico team joins for its fall season . Two , in Miami and Oklahoma City , will begin play this spring .
And the USL , which launched 13 teams in 2015 , will have 29 this year . Six are new , and another has been announced for 2017 . Professional teams in the U.S. and Canada do not move between divisions based on competitive results , as in many countries ; instead , they apply to join leagues sanctioned at different levels by U.S. Soccer , the sport 's governing body .
From WSJ.com : Aston Villa and the looming ignominy of relegation
Courtesy USL The Rochester Rhinos celebrate a 2015 USL championship .
MLS began its 21st season this month . It includes 20 teams and is confirmed to launch in Atlanta next year , where an NASL team closed shop after last season . MLS added two teams last year and has four in the works , with even more cities lobbying the league to join .
Meanwhile , the current iterations of the NASL and USL are in their fifth years . The USL season begins this weekend , while the NASL 's spring campaign starts next month .
” The leagues are getting stronger and stronger each and every year , ” said John Harkes , a longtime U.S. star who is the head coach of new USL team FC Cincinnati . “ Those demands are there . We want to be competitive . We know that there 's going to be a challenge . ”
Read : Soccer 's booming U.S. minor league plans more expansion
While the sport 's professional footprint has grown , questions about the depth of the U.S. talent pool , the country 's ability to compete globally for top domestic and international talent and its capacity for producing elite players have remained .
And soccer 's growth has taken varied shapes : Some teams have begun operations in MLS ; others were founded as farm teams or launched with clearly stated MLS aspirations . A partnership between MLS and the USL has helped some teams by supplying players and technical help , a structure that recalls that of American minor-league baseball . For instance , the second-year MLS team in Orlando played four seasons in the USL before moving up last year ; this year , the organization launched a second team in the USL .
Some teams , meanwhile , have changed hands ; two USL teams have new owners this year .
Read : Lionel Messi , Carli Lloyd named world 's top soccer players
All three leagues have teams in Canada , where discussions about a high-level domestic league are ongoing . And while the NASL will play in Puerto Rico this fall , USL President Jake Edwards said during a Thursday call that their league — which saw a team representing Antigua and Barbuda fold after the 2013 season — is not interested in expanding beyond the U.S. and Canada .
More expansion announcements are expected across the leagues , taken as a continued sign that professional men 's outdoor soccer has attracted sufficient fan , sponsor and broadcaster interest to be a dependable draw for dollars and athletic talent on the U.S. sports scene . Attendance has grown across the professional divisions .
“ Our sport has grown so much in 20 years , ” said Curt Onalfo , head coach of the USL team owned and operated by the Los Angeles Galaxy of the MLS . “ You go to some markets … and you 've got really vibrant fans at every single game . The fan base has grown . Certainly the caliber of play has grown . It just continues to get better . ”
Read : U.S. soccer 's expansion boom
The USL , meanwhile , is working to obtain sanctioning as a second-division league , which would require higher levels of financial , facility and competitive commitment . “ Our goal is to be one of the very best second divisions in the world , ” Edwards said during a Thursday call with reporters .
As the map has filled with professional teams , league executives have said they have room to grow even as they remain determined to move deliberately . The NASL , primarily an eastern league , now has four teams in Florida , which has created opportunities for fans to travel easily for road games .
“ We never had plans to put four teams in Florida , ” said Peterson . “ We ended up with great ownership groups and great cities , and that worked out well . We 'd have to have 100 teams to create that kind of atmosphere in the rest of the country . ”
Edwards said the USL , which uses a two-conference system , seeks opportunities for regional rivalries . That could help manage travel costs . They declined to answer when asked how many clubs were profitable , but they did point to league franchise values ranging from $ 3 million to $ 20 million .
“ This is about creating long-term asset value or franchise value for our owners , ” said Edwards . “ That is what they 're all in the game for . ”
Read : Dutch soccer legend Johan Cruyff dies at 68
In the midst of the deafening buzz for the Oculus Rift , this year 's GDC is loaded with companies hinting at their own virtual reality or augmented reality solutions . Microsoft is not among them , but the company may be working on its own 3D head-mounted display internally , according to a report from The Wall Street Journal .
The Journal cites `` people familiar with the project '' and `` people who have been privy to discussions '' in discussing Microsoft 's VR headset plans , and it said at least one version of the device is focused on augmented reality integration with real-world images . That 's not that surprising given the Microsoft AR glasses patent that surfaced last August ; indeed , the Journal 's sources mention that Microsoft `` has filed at least one patent for it so far . ''
According to the report , Microsoft 's head-mounted display plans are `` concurrent '' with `` Project Fortaleza , '' the codename for the `` breakthrough heads-up , hands-free '' device that was also referred to as `` Kinect glasses '' in Microsoft documents leaked in 2012 . The roadmap in those documents suggested a 2014 to 2015 launch for eyewear that offered `` seamless integration of the digital world with the physical world '' and `` real-time information on people , places , and objects , '' perhaps integrated with head tracking and images provided by the Xbox One and Kinect .
Sony has long been rumored to be working on its own VR headset and is widely expected to reveal more detailed plans at a GDC panel this evening ( though the company is officially remaining silent on any plans ) . Both Sony and Microsoft would be wise to examine their own proprietary solutions for head-mounted VR since Oculus has gone on record saying that the new consoles are `` too limited '' for its Rift headset .
Nokia launched its latest Lumia devices at Mobile World Congress this week . While many were hoping the company would unveil a 41-megapixel PureView device , or a Windows tablet , Nokia opted to flesh out its range of Lumias and give us an early look at where it 's heading for 2013 . With 12 Lumia products launched , excluding variants , Nokia 's strategy is clear : offer colorful Lumia devices at various price points by pushing high-end features down the range . Nokia 's Lumia series is broad and complete ( for now ) , but Microsoft has to help Espoo catch the competition .
Nokia 's high-end flagship is the Lumia 920 . Launched in early November , the 920 has helped boost Lumia sales to their highest point , 4.4 million , in the most recent quarter , but supply issues have dampened the launch slightly . Nokia CEO Stephen Elop has previously admitted that the company was `` very deliberate '' and `` thoughtful '' about Lumia supplies in a move that appears to be designed to avoid oversupply issues .
Windows Phone still has to beat BlackBerry
Nokia 's upcoming quarter may include some sales of the new Lumia 720 and 520 devices , depending on when they 're made available in March , but it will also be the most significant part of the Lumia 's short history to judge how well Nokia 's strategy is playing out . It 's very much Nokia vs. BlackBerry in the battle to decide which ecosystem will secure the third spot . BlackBerry has been on a steady decline over the past year , while Windows Phone has nearly doubled its market share . That boost has relied heavily on Nokia 's range of devices over the course of 2012 , as the Finnish company continues to prop up the Windows Phone market .
Data from AdDuplex , a firm that tracks 215 Windows Phone apps , shows that Nokia 's investment in its low- to mid-range devices is where it 's growing volume . The Lumia 710 , Lumia 800 , and Lumia 610 were the most popular Windows Phone devices worldwide during a day of data gathering in early January . The recently launched Lumia 520 and 720 push Windows Phone 8 price points even lower , so these devices are bound to help grow Microsoft 's mobile market share and Nokia 's revenue . Windows Phone has shown slow signs of growth over its two year tenure , with short boosts of life around big products , but it 's now time for Nokia to shift gears and focus on the high-end .
A series of high-end Lumias are on the horizon
Nokia is planning to launch a number of new high-end Lumias over the coming months . While the 720 and 520 will take care of they mid- to low-range , Nokia 's other strategy of carrier exclusives will continue in 2013 . The Verge has previously detailed Nokia 's plans for a 41-megapixel Lumia PureView device , codenamed EOS , that will debut as an AT & T exclusive . Nokia is also preparing a Lumia 928 for Verizon , codenamed Laser . A switch away from polycarbonate designs towards an aluminum body will take place with a new Catwalk device too that will debut on T-Mobile in the summer . Nokia 's plans for the high-end are aggressive and underline the company 's focus on Windows Phone .
While Microsoft has been talking up Windows Phone for what feels like years , 2013 is the biggest test of how the platform will fare . If it can secure 10 percent of market share , with a third place spot , it would help push the focus from developers on Windows Phone . Microsoft still lacks some of the big games and apps that thrive on rival platforms , despite promises they would arrive . Microsoft 's quiet approach to Windows Phone 8 with a roadmap of smaller updates will bring additional features that benefit Nokia too , but the apps are still key and affect a buyer 's decision .
Time to turn it up to 11
Windows Phone is still in a catch-22 position . It needs developers to create apps and push the ecosystem , but developers need to see signs of life and device sales until they 're able to commit resources and money to another platform . It 's really time for Windows Phone to prove itself this year , and for Microsoft to show it can add significant updates over 2013 . Windows Phone 8 is a good base for Microsoft to continue its differentiation with new features , but the company has to address some shortcomings .
Notifications are a big weakness on Windows Phone , as are the general customization options versus Android . Xbox Music was a good introduction for Windows Phone 8 , but playlist management needs to be improved on the desktop and phone . Little things like rotation lock , separate volume for notifications and video / audio playback , folder support for apps , and a universal search service similar to Windows 8 all need to be added . Nokia is supplying the hardware numbers , but Microsoft needs to crank its platform to 11 . It 's about time Windows Phone reached maximum volume .
He 's asked at around 2:10 below what they think about Lindsey Graham wanting to sanction Putin for hacking the DNC 's and John Podesta 's emails . Their answer , in so many words : Computers are weird , you know ?
“ I think we ought to get on with our lives , ” Trump said . “ I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly . The whole age of the computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what 's going on . We have speed , we have a lot of other things , but I 'm not sure we have the kind of security we need . ”
I ca n't imagine another situation in which the president would be asked publicly about criminal activity against Americans by a foreign state , accused by both the CIA and the FBI , and their response would essentially be to shrug . Even if it were a friendly power , like the UK , that was caught spying — never mind releasing the material in the middle of a national election to the detriment of one candidate — the president would call it a “ matter of concern ” and promise to “ raise the issue with the British ” or whatever . He 's the country 's chief national security officer ; they have to at least pretend to care about Americans being victimized by cyberespionage . That 's especially true of a figure like Trump , who obsesses about projecting strength and cultivates a tough-guy protector image . ( Picture their reaction if their nemesis , China , was caught with its hand in the cookie jar . ) And yet , because it 's Russia , he 's reduced to saying “ we ought to get on with our lives , ” a line for which the right would have properly destroyed Obama if they had reacted that feebly to a hacking that had damaged one of their political opponents . If they do n't want to sanction Putin because it would screw up their diplomatic plans , just say that — “ I 'd rather try to resolve this issue in the course of negotiations with Russia on other issues ” or “ we should hold sanctions in reserve for now , to give me more leverage on Syria and Ukraine. ” Instead , we get this . Why ?
Watch the second clip below too , in which Graham claims that probably 99 of the Senate 's 100 members believe that Russia is behind the hackings . That puts Mitch McConnell in an awkward spot . Once hearings are held on the hackings , will they agree to let a new sanctions bill come to the floor ? If they do and it passes , that 'll put the new president in a position where he 'll have to either sign the bill and risk blowing up their Russia detente before it 's begun or he 'll veto it over bipartisan opposition , raising an outcry on the left and among the Russia hawks on the right . Should McConnell protect Trump by refusing to let the sanctions bill get a vote or , assuming that support for it is overwhelming in the Senate , should they bow to sentiment within their own chamber and let the vote happen ? It 'll be fascinating to see what happens within the GOP caucus as hawks like McCain and Graham lobby their colleagues to punish Russia while Trump quietly lobbies them the other way behind the scenes . Assuming all Democrats vote for sanctions ( which the base will demand , to punish Putin for damaging Hillary ) , only 19 of the 52 Republicans in the Senate would need to vote with them to produce a veto-proof majority and impose sanctions over Trump 's objections . That would be a humiliating defeat for the new president and would complicate their Russia policy , to put it mildly . Can Schumer get 19 GOPers to break with Trump ? Can Pelosi get 90 Republicans ?
It probably depends on the congressional hearings . Even if the CIA and FBI testify that Russia is behind the hackings , there are bound to be questions raised about some of the evidence . If you 're a Republican searching for ways to protect Trump by defeating the sanctions , just point to those questions as proof that the requisite certainty simply is n't there to justify punitive action . That 's what Trump will do , of course , even though it means undermining the credibility of their main intelligence bureaus . What they need is for McConnell and Ryan to hold their caucuses , or at least the vast majority , to the same line .
Russia considers continuing artillery shelling of Syrian territory by Turkey to be a provocative act aimed at derailing reconciliation process in the war-torn country , the commander of the Russian center for reconciliation in Syria said Wednesday .
HMEYMIM AIRBASE ( Sputnik ) — Last week , Russia and the United States reached an agreement on the ceasefire in Syria . The cessation of hostilities took effect at midnight on Saturday , Damascus time , generally holding across the country despite reported minor violations .
`` The Russian Center is receiving reports from the Syrian General Staff and Kurdish armed groups supporting the ceasefire , that complain of continuing artillery shelling from Turkey , '' Lt. Gen. Sergei Kuralenko said at a news briefing .
© AFP 2018 / ARIS MESSINIS Sabotage ? Turkish PM Says Ceasefire in Syria Not Obligatory for Ankara If Security Threat Arises
On February 13 , Turkish artillery began shelling positions held by the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) , a Kurdish group with links to the Syrian Kurdish Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) , in Syria 's Aleppo Province .
On February 25 , Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said that the truce in Syria is not obligatory for Turkey to follow if the country feels a threat against its security .
`` We consider these actions by Turkey as blatantly provocative and aimed at derailing the ceasefire regime as well as the reconciliation process in Syria in general , '' Kuralenko said .
Brooklyn Transphobic Attacker Sentenced to 20 Years
Mashawn Sonds , 26 , was convicted of first-degree assault as a hate crime on Wednesday for a brutal 2014 assault that left a Native American trans woman with permanent brain damage .
A Brooklyn man was sentenced to 20 years in prison Wednesday for a 2014 hate crime that left a transgender woman with permanent neurological damage .
Last month , a jury found Mashawn Sonds , 26 , guilty of first-degree assault with a hate-crime enhancement for swinging a plexiglass 2-by-4 at Kimy Hartman , causing them to fall to the ground and strike their head on the sidewalk during a transphobic attack in Bushwick on October 12 , 2014 . Hartman , a Native American trans woman , spent nearly a month in the hospital , and endured several surgeries that left them with slurred speech , loss of memory , and facial bruising as a result of the attack .
`` I may never have the opportunity to live like I used to again , '' said Hartman , 30 , in Brooklyn Supreme Court court Wednesday , according to the New York Daily News . `` Because of someone 's hate , it had me lose my independence possibly forever . ''
Sonds was sentenced Wednesday , after what the New York Daily News describes as `` a last-ditch effort to throw out the verdict by revealing they knew a juror . ''
That claim was rejected by judge Danny Chun , though Sonds maintains their innocence and has vowed to appeal their conviction . Sonds was facing as many as 25 years in prison for the first-degree assault as a hate chime , though the assistant district attorney suggested that they be sentenced to 20 years instead .
`` Hate led to the defendant 's conviction , '' Brooklyn district attorney Ken Thompson said in the courtroom wednesday , according to the Daily News . `` Justice led to their sentence . ''
Sonds delivered the fateful blow in what appeared to be a coordinated attack involving as many as four people on a sidewalk in Bushwick near Hartman 's home . Moments before Sonds struck Hartman , 17-year-old Tyquan Eversley had been harassing them with antigay and anti-trans slurs . Eversley , now 18 , pleaded guilty to lesser charges in December , and was sentenced to 16 months to four years in prison `` as a youthful offender , '' according to the Daily News .
Hartman was the third victim in an string of unrelated anti-LGBT assaults in Brooklyn in late 2014 , which saw an unidentified gender-nonconforming person in the Bushwick neighborhood treated for minor injuries and released after a September beating , and a gay man struck in the head with a hammer in October in the lobby of their Crown Heights apartment building , by an unidentified assailant yelling antigay slurs .
Despite the ongoing effects from their assault and what they report as the continued presence of homophobia on the streets of Brooklyn , Hartman told reporters in November 2014 that they had already forgiven their attackers for their ignorance .
Rating : 8.5 .
1 . Introduction 2 . The AMD A10-6790K APU 3 . Testing Methodology and Overclocking 4 . Synthetic : PCMark 8 5 . Synthetic : 3DMark 6 . Synthetic : 3Dmark 11 7 . Synthetic : 3DMark Vantage 8 . Synthetic : Unigine Heaven 9 . Synthetic : SiSoft Sandra 2013 10 . Synthetic : Cinebench R11.5 11 . Synthetic : Cinebench R15 12 . Synthetic : Super Pi 13 . Real World : WinRAR 14 . Real World : MKV Playback 15 . Real World : Media Encoding 16 . Gaming : Battlefield 4 17 . Gaming : Call of Duty Black Ops 2 18 . Gaming : DiRT Showdown 19 . Technical : Power Consumption 20 . Closing Thoughts 21 . View All Pages
Today we are going to take a look at the latest product in AMD 's APU line-up , the Vision A10-6790K . This is positioned just below the A10-6800K that we looked at a few months back and offers users almost as much power for slightly less money . We were impressed with the A10-6800K when we looked at it back in June , and we look forward to seeing if this new model is as competitive .
AMD 's line of APUs are pretty competitive at the low end of the market . In this particular review , we are going to compare the A10-6790K with one of Intel 's least powerful Core-i5 desktop chips , the i5-4430 .
The fact that the A10-6790K is one of the most powerful models in AMD 's APU lineup shows how this range compares against Intel 's line-up .
While AMD has n't been able to compete with Intel at the top end of the market for a good few years now , this particular APU has a number of distinct advantages over Intel 's . One of the most significant advantages is represented by the ‘ K ' suffix at the end of the A10-6790K 's name . This denotes that this APU is completely unlocked , giving us a wide range of overclocking options .
Also , the AMD Radeon integrated graphics are widely regarded as superior to Intel 's integrated graphics . This is great for those users who do n't want to invest in a discrete graphics card but want to enjoy some of the benefits .
In this review we will be focusing on the performance of the AMD A10-6790K compared to the Intel Core i5-4430 .
For the first time since its founding , a limited number of Birthright Israel trip options for 27 to 32-year-olds will be introduced this summer in addition to the standard programming available for 18 to 26-year-olds .
According to Birthright , the maximum eligible age reflects changing societal trends with young adults making life decisions – such as getting married and having children – later in life . Building off of Birthright Israel 's most successful year in history with nearly 48,000 participants , this change will enable more Jewish young adults to develop connections with their heritage , the larger diaspora community and the State of Israel .
Summer registration will officially open on January 30th with an early bird option for pre-registered applicants on January 29th , 10am EST . Additional information is available at : birthrightisrael.com .
This information originates from Birthright Israel . In the event you have questions or require more details , please contact Birthright Israel directly .
The PSA Group is partnering with artificial intelligence tech firm AImotive to produce its first fully autonomous car - which is scheduled to land in 2025 with Level 4 autonomy .
PSA confirmed that this ‘ mind off ' autonomous model , which will be able to take control of all functions on motorways , will arrive after semi-autonomous systems are offered on the DS 7 Crossback next year .
A deal with AImotive has already led to public road tests on motorways with a modified Citroën C4 Picasso . The car was used to develop AI-based algorithms , which will now be used in further test cars to enable autonomous driving at speeds of up to 81mph .
The first PSA car with a less advanced ‘ hands-off ' Level 2 autonomous system will be the DS 7 Crossback SUV , which is due for launch early in 2018 . The Citroën C5 Aircross will follow suit in the second half of 2018 after launching in China at the end of this year .
Equipped with a Level 2 system called Connected Pilot , the 7 Crossback will be capable of maintaining lane and positioning itself to the left or right of the lane to allow cycles or motorcycles to pass . It will also be equipped with self-parking without any intervention by the driver , initiated by pressing a button on the centre console . This is in addition to a suite of the usual advanced driver assistance systems .
PSA will phase in Level 3 ‘ eyes-off ' autonomous cars from 2020 , with two systems called Traffic Jam Chauffeur and Highway Chauffeur . PSA has a fleet of 12 prototypes , most of which are Level 3 Citroën C4 Picassos and Peugeot 3008 GTs with automatic transmissions .
PSA is the first company licensed to drive autonomous cars on French roads , provided they have special registration plates to identify them . The group plans to phase in fully autonomous Level 4 ‘ mind-off ' cars from 2025 , with Level 5 , completely driverless vehicles beyond 2030 .
About Welwyn Viaduct
The Welwyn Viaduct ( or Digswell Viaduct ) carries the East Coast Main Line over the River Mimram and is a locally important landmark . It is located between Welwyn Garden City and Digswell . It is just to the south of Welwyn North railway station .
The viaduct is around 475 m ( 1,560ft ) long and comprises forty arches of 9.1 m ( 30ft ) span , and is 30 m ( 100 ft ) high from ground level to trackbed . It is built of brick fired from brick clay quarried on site during construction , and took two years to build , including the construction of embankments at both ends which required the movement of around one million tons of earth by human and horse power . It was designed by William Cubitt and styled after a Roman aqueduct .
It was originally opened by Queen Victoria on 6 August 1850 , but they were so frightened by its great height that they refused to travel across it . The train carrying them had to stop , whereupon they left it and entered a horse drawn carriage to travel the length of the bridge on the ground . They then re-entered the train at the other end of the viaduct and continued their journey . It carries the East Coast Main Line , which has to narrow from four tracks to two to cross the viaduct , making it a bottleneck restraining capacity over this strategic transport route . Several ideas to overcome this limitation without damaging its essential historic character are discussed from time to time .
US Customs and Border Protection Over 30 cans of marijuana were shot into Yuma via cannon , Customs and Border Protection officials said Tuesday .
Over 30 cans of marijuana were shot into Yuma , Ariz. , using a cannon , Customs and Border Protection officials said Tuesday .
The suspicious cans were discovered near the Colorado River in Yuma on Friday .
Border Patrol agents said the discovery was `` another unique but unsuccessful attempt '' to smuggle drugs into the U.S .
An investigation of the area determined that the cans were fired from about 500 feet away with a pneumatic-powered cannon . A carbon-dioxide tank was found nearby .
Read more news on NBCSanDiego.com
Mexican authorities were also looking into the incident .
The marijuana weighed 85 pounds and was valued at $ 42,500 . It will be destroyed , according to a statement from the agency .
More content from NBCNews.com :
Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
2 Chainz loves their fans — so much so that instead of cancelling their tour due to a broken leg , the Atlanta rapper performed in a custom-made wheelchair at the opening date of their Pretty Girls Like Trap Music Tour .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` I broke my leg 11 days ago , and had surgery 10 days ago , '' 2 Chainz wrote on Instagram . `` When I woke up from sedation the doctor told me `` well looks like your gon na have to cancel your tour `` so I told them maybe it means God wants me to use my mind and be creative . ''
They continued : `` So after all the morphine and pains meds wore off I called management and said somebody finds me a `` pink wheelchair `` I ca n't let my fans down . ''
Following the opening date in Tucson , Arizona , 2 Chainz will head to the West Coast , Chicago , and New York , before concluding at the end of December .
A representative for 2 Chainz was not immediately available for comment .
Anything can be a business . This point is made very clear by Luke , a college student who started their own business selling these :
If you thought “ Wow , what a nice leather coin purse ! ” , you would be right . That is a wonderful leather coin purse . There 's nothing suspicious or weird there . But wait until you see the other side .
Yep . That is exactly what you think it is . This lovely little leather pouch is called a “ Kangaroo Sack ” by the maker , and never before has a product name also been such an accurate description . Luke 's goal/motto for selling this product is “ Changing the world , one smile at a time ” . And they have accomplished it ! To test their idea out , I carried one around for a few months , and I ca n't count how many absolutely hilarious conversations I 've gotten myself in .
Aside from how inherently weird it seems at first , these coin purses are actually phenomenal quality . The leather is durable and thick , since nature has a special interest in protecting that area , so it will last a lifetime .
It is the best of both worlds . You get a hilarious White Elephant/gag gift that will be sure to give you and your friend a chuckle , and your friend gets a legitimately useful and quality item . Plus you can get custom engravings on them , and they are only about 15 bucks !
Click here to check out the “ Kangaroo Sacks ” shop , and see all their many sizes and colors !
The man accused of fatally stabbing Brian Liston at a Camperdown bus stop during a police interview hours after the attack . Credit : Seven News At one stage they held the bags a short distance apart , to show the size of the serrated knife they used to carry out the attack . It was 2.30am on December 11 , 2015 , and two officers from Newtown Police Station asked the man what happened . `` What 's your understanding of the situation ? '' one of the officers asked . The man responded : `` That I 'm going to jail for a while . That 's my thoughts . ''
The accused , who has been found unfit to stand trial due to their mental health , during a police interview in 2015. Credit : Seven News Officer : `` What do you think you 're going to jail for ? '' Man : `` Stabbing someone '' . Brian Liston , 51 , died in hospital shortly after being stabbed . During the interview , played at a special hearing of the NSW Supreme Court on Monday , the man later said they were inside their unit when they spotted someone at a bus stop outside who looked `` shady '' .
They went outside to `` give them a yelling '' then `` stabbed them a bit '' instead . Flowers mark the location on Salisbury Road , Camperdown , where Brian Liston was attacked . Credit : Kate Geraghty Mr Liston , a teacher , was waiting for a bus on Salisbury Road in Camperdown at about 8.30pm on December 10 after their regular German class . Witnesses saw a man approach the 51-year-old and speak to them for about five seconds before stabbing them in the chest . Mr Liston began screaming .
`` You 've just stabbed me , '' they shouted . `` I 've been stabbed . '' Mr Liston jumped up and attempted to move away , taking off their shoe and throwing it in an attempt to defend himself , but their attacker followed , grabbing them on the back of the shirt and stabbing them a further five to 10 times . They attempted once again to run , but tripped over in the street and landed on their back . Multiple witnesses saw the attacker approach Mr Liston , bend down towards him , and grab their hair with their left hand . With their right hand , they `` slowly and deliberately '' stabbed them in the face and neck with a 15-centimetre knife .
Several witnesses ran to their aid , including Parmajeet Pal , who ran from a nearby unit and delivered a `` flying kick '' to the attacker 's back after hearing screams of , `` Somebody help me , they are going to stab me to death . '' Mr Liston was rushed to nearby Royal Prince Alfred Hospital but died shortly afterwards from one of the stab wounds , which went into their lung and heart . Their alleged killer , 29 , has been found unfit to stand trial due to their mental health . Two psychiatrists told the Supreme Court hearing the man has severe schizophrenia . Dr Richard Furst , a consultant psychiatrist , said the man was first diagnosed with the condition in 2006 and since then had spent only `` brief '' periods out of hospital .
`` The accused suffers from a chronic and treatment-resistant schizophrenic illness which is severe in nature , '' Dr Furst said . `` There is a failure to respond to two different classes of anti-psychotic medications within a reasonable period of time . `` [ He ] is on the more extreme end of the illness . '' The man leaned forward in the court dock as the interview was played . Justice Geoffrey Bellew is due to deliver a judgment in the case on Tuesday .
Unbeatable Exclusive Barleywine Special ! Plus Meet Al and Theirs Beautiful Beard ! February 2014 Volume 3 Issue 3 Dear Ray 's Craft Beer Lovers , This is going to be a special edition of the Newsletter for a couple of reasons . Possibly the most exciting reason is that we have an unbelievable special offer on one of the highest rated barleywines around . I 'll leave you with just a teaser for now , but be sure to scroll down to read up on all the goodies so you do n't miss out ! Another reason why this is going to be such a fun newsletter is because we are going to start meeting the Gang at Ray 's one cool dude ( and dudette ) at a time . This week it 's Alex 's time in the spotlight and they have a great beer recommendation for y'all . Al has been hanging out in the beer department here for about a year after coming from good ol Boulder , Colorado ( which means they know a thing or two about beer ) . Al 's recent residence in Colorado also explains their love for and recommendation of this particular beer . Our hope is that you enjoy getting to know the folks at Ray 's a little bit better and enjoy and trust their knowledgeable and passionate recommendations . So be sure to chat Alex up next time you bump into him ! The other two beers that snuck into this newsletter are a pair of cellar suggestions ( to compliment the super-awesome-incredible-special offer ) . One is a `` barleywine '' ( and I 'll explain later why I toss quotes around that ) and the other is more of a wild child , but both are great staple bottles in any connoisseurs ' cellar . Also , at the end of the newsletter we 'll look at another fun beer event coming next week to Ray 's Tasting and Education ( we love knowledge here ) Center . There 's lots of good stuff tucked into this newsletter and I hope everyone enjoys it , so let 's get to it ! Cheers ! -Kaleb Schwecke Meet Alex and their Beard . He 's one of the friendly folks that is part of the family here at Ray 's . They also have a great recommendation for a beer that you 'll want to get to know . And be sure to say hey next time you see them hanging around the shop ! Beers You 'll Be Learning About : Meet the Gang : Alex Picks Avery 's New World Porter Special Offer : Alaskan Barley Wine 2013 Avery Hog Heaven Dry Hopped Barleywine Goose Island Lolita 2013 Special Event : 3 Sheeps Beer Pairing with Carr Valley Cheese Meet the Gang : Alex Picks Avery 's New World Porter Why Alex loves this beer : `` What a great way to start the month of February ! Avery Brewing from Colorado is back in Wisconsin ! Avery 's New World Porter can be a little confusing , but do n't let the label fool you . The New World Porter is probably more accurately called a black IPA . Medium in body , this beer comes in at 6.7 % ABV . It is dry hopped which is most notable in the aroma . Upfront you will taste sweet caramel and hints of dark chocolate like most porters , but it 's mid-palate where things get interesting and hoppy . The big , roasted malts in this bold black IPA start to change into a subtle , citrus taste on the back end . If you have not tried the New World Porter , now is your perfect opportunity to ! Cheers ! '' Special Offer : Alaskan Barley Wine 2013
Only a few seats left , so do n't miss out ! To make a reservation please visit the site , call Ray 's at 414-258-9821 or email paule @ rayswine.com . Reservations are Required ! Thank you ! Save 10 % Receive 10 % off all beers featured in Volume 3 Issue 3 of the Ray 's craft beer newsletter . Thus , it is limited to : -Avery 's Hog Heaven 22oz
-Avery 's New World Porter 6 pack -Goose Island Lolita 765mL
Please Note : The 10 % off does not apply to the Alaskan Barley Wine as well . The final sale price will be $ 4.99 per bottle .
No limit ( except the 4 bottle limit on AK Barley Wine ) . Not redeemable with any other special offers . Offer Expires : Tuesday , February 11th at 9:00pm Thanks again for subscribing to and reading Ray 's craft beer newsletter . If you have any questions , comments , or suggestions , please feel free to email me at kaleb @ rayswine.com .
Lastly , for up to the minute beer arrivals and release information , be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook . We have also added lots of great craft beer events ( in addition to excellent wine and spirit ones , too ) in our upstairs tasting room . A full list can be found here .
Cheers !
Kaleb & the gang at Ray 's
Many locals are angry there is 'so much ' for refugees and nothing for them
Tension is growing in the tiny German village where the quiet population of just 102 people is set to swell by 700 per cent as 750 migrants arrive - as they were today told the new arrivals would stay for at least a year .
People living in Sumte , in eastern Germany , will be outnumbered by seven to one when the final wave of migrants arrives in the coming days .
Authorities have agreed to house 750 migrants in a disused office block in the hamlet - despite anger from locals that they will be 'overwhelmed ' at the number swell .
Scroll down for video
Long time : The charity running the new refugee centre in the German town of Sumte , which has space for 750 , say they have been given the buildings for a year by the government - which has further upset locals
Overwhelmed : The charity had originally hoped to house 1,000 people at the centre - 10 times the population
Sympathetic : But while some residents have spoken of their anger at the arrival of the refugees , others - like Artur Kankau , 87 , a retired farmer , felt nothing but sympathy . 'When you are a refugee you are like a leaf blown around by the wind , ' Mr Kankau , once a refugee himself , told MailOnline
But today they were told that the migrants , the first of which arrived in two coaches under the cover of darkness on Monday , will stay until at least November 2016 .
In a hastily arranged press conference today , centre director Jens Meyer , of the welfare group Arbeiter-Samariter-Bund ( ABS ) , admitted the temporary shelter had a 'one-year mandate ' .
'The government has given us a one-year mandate to run this centre , ' they said .
The sprawling camp of disused office buildings is housing 229 men , women and children comprising of 19 nationalities .
There is a medical clinic , a children 's nursery , a cafeteria , a shop and washing facilities . Rows of camp beds and mattresses are lined up in several of the single storey buildings .
However , those living there have already started to complain of the food on offer .
Advantages : These men - pictured with MailOnline reporter Nick Fagge , left - were on the hunt for a bus to take them to the nearest shop . As of Friday , there will be a daily shuttle - but residents will still just have the once-weekly bus to take them to and from the store
Anger : Local residents have told MailOnline they are 'furious ' everything is being done for the refugees but nothing for those who were already living in the village
Grateful : Hisham , 33 , said they were happy with everything they had found at the camp , but the teacher , who fled the Syrian civil war , wondered why they were so far away from a town
The catering manager told MailOnline : 'The refugees do n't like the German food . They like it if we make meals like spaghetti but they do n't like typical German food , like Spetzl - egg noodles . '
The refugees come from various countries , with the largest number from Syria - but they are also from safe European nations such as Serbia , Montenegro and Kosovo , Mr Meyer said .
Refusing to say how much the centre would cost taxpayers to run , they told a press conference : 'Today we have 229 refugees , including 50 children .
'They come from 19 countries with the largest number from Syria and Afghanistan .
'We have a medical centre , a cafeteria , a kindergarten , and translators .
'Tomorrow we will start to run a shuttle bus every hour to Neuhaus [ a nearby village with shops ] and on Monday we will start German lessons .
'We are doing our best . '
News that the migrants will be staying for so long was met with horror by residents , who already feel 'let down ' by officials who have 'thrust ' the situation on them .
Marion , 66 , told MailOnline : 'We are angry that there is nothing for us local people but everything for the refugees .
Facilities : At the centre there is a medical clinic , a children 's nursery , a cafeteria , a shop and washing facilities
Increasing : So far 229 people , including 50 children , have arrived in Sumte , with most of them from Syria and Afghanistan - but some from countries like Serbia and Montenegro
'There is no street lighting and there is only one bus a week for the old people . The authorities do n't care about us . They have n't even build a bridge over the river [ Elbe ] .
'They [ the authorities ] say the camp will be here for a year but I 'm sure it will be longer .
' I do n't think the camp should be here for a year - that 's too long .
'It will change the nature of the village .
'In the summer young people , girls , will not want to go swimming in the lake like we normally do because there will be young men around all the time . '
Widow , Heidi , 81 , told MailOnline : 'We are only 102 people living here and we are being overwhelmed by refugees .
' I have nothing against the refugees , I was a refugee myself in World War Two , but the government is giving them everything but when I needed help they gave me nothing .
' I had to nurse my sick son on my own with no help from the state . Everyday I had to wash and clean him . And I had to renovate my flat to make life easier for him . They had diabetes . They died last year , aged 46 .
'Doing our best ' : Jens Meier ( right , the head of the camp , and their deputy Daniela Hartwig , spoke to the press today , revealing people had arrived in the tiny hamlet from 19 countries
Influx : The empty government office block ( pictured , behind guarded gates ) which is now a refugee centre
' I asked for help to pay for the funeral but I was refused twice .
' I 'm 81-years-old and I have to cycle to the cemetery 5km away . My son , my husband and my mother are buried there and I can only get there by bike .
'There is a bus only once a week for us old people but buses take the refugees to the supermarket every day . '
However other residents have welcomed the refugees .
Artur Kankau , 87 , a retired farmer told MailOnline : ' I feel sorry for these people I was a refugee myself . I was sent to Siberia as a prisoner of war in 1945 , I was 16 . I know what it 's like .
'When you are a refugee you are like a leaf blown around by the wind . '
As simmering tension threatened to bubble over , four Syrian men took their first steps outside their new home - taking 'selfies ' and marvelling at the German countryside
Holding up smartphones and chain-smoking cigarettes the young men in their 20s wandered along the lanes of Sumte , the remote hamlet in eastern Germany that will soon be home to 750 refugees .
Refusing to answer questions the men did however enquire if there was a bus to the nearest shop , five kilometres away in nearby Neuhaus .
Speaking in broken English , one refugee asked : 'Autobus ? We Syria . '
Later , another group of Syrian refugees told MailOnline they were grateful for everything that was being done for them . But said they wished the camp was not in the middle of the countryside .
Hisham , 33 , from Syria , said : 'Everything in the camp is good . The people are kind and we are very grateful for ever they are doing for us .
'But it is so far from everything , in the middle of the countryside . There is no shop , no bus , nothing .
'We have most things that we need but if we want to buy something it 's 5km to the nearest shop . '
Hisham , a teacher , arrived at the refugee centre at Sumte yesterday after fleeing the war in Syria .
Opinion : Drain cleaners Uwe Pokrandt and Raschad Sadullayer told MailOnline reporter Nick Fagge ( left ) they had very different views - with Uwe welcoming the new jobs , but Raschad fearing local services would struggle
Accommodation : The newly arrived refugees and migrants will sleep in beds like this at the centre
Tensions have been rising among the 102 original residents of Sumte who fear their community will be overwhelmed and the local services swamped by the new arrivals .
They had fought against plans for 1,000-capacity refugee centre in their village . The authorities overruled their objections but agreed to scale the camp back to 750 . The first 100 refugees , including Syrians , arrived on Monday night .
The population is set to rise to 500 by the end of the week .
The sleepy village has become the symbol of Germany 's struggle to cope with the overwhelming influx of migrants streaming into the country every day by the thousand .
Drain cleaner Raschad Sadullayer , 30 , who is originally from Turkey , told MailOnline : ' I think there are too I many people here for this village and they have come too quickly . Local services will struggle to cope . '
In case you missed it , former Secretary of State and Democrat President candidate Hillary Clinton is still whining about their loss to President Donald Trump in November . During an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Tuesday , Clinton blamed their loss on the Russians , sexist Americans who they say refuse to vote for a woman and FBI Director James Comey .
Former Trump Campaign Manager and White House Special Counselor Kellyanne Conway is having none of it and took to Twitter in response .
You Ignored WI
Called us deplorable/irredeemable
Had oodles of $ $ & no message
Lost to a better candidate
From : Woman in the White House https : //t.co/bJQ0xbXwH3 — Kellyanne Conway ( @ KellyannePolls ) May 3 , 2017
Conway is the first female campaign manager in history to get a presidential candidate into the Oval Office .
This is why it 's great that Google unbundles core apps from the OS . While it might take a considerable amount of time before the newest version of Jelly Bean rolls out to your device , current Android 4.1 users can upgrade Google Search right now and get access to the latest improvements to Google Now . The list of fun new features includes additional cards ( like Stocks , News , Concerts , and Packages ) , as well as voice actions , including the glorious ability to add events to your calendar with via speech .
Here 's the changelog :
What 's in this version :
For Android 4.1+ ( Jelly Bean ) , Google Search is faster plus :
- Google Now works with Gmail ( English only )
- Flights
- Restaurant reservations
- Hotel confirmations
- Events
- Packages
- New Now cards : nearby attractions & photo spots , movies opening in theaters , concerts & more
- New voice actions : launch apps , schedule meetings & check when your next appointment is
Google Now puts you in control : at any time , adjust or turn off individual Now cards within Settings .
The Gmail bit is particularly interesting , as there is now a separate subsection for cards that are pulled from your email . Packages , flights , hotels , restaurant reservations and event bookings can all be accessed via cards if you give Google permission to scan your correspondance for relevant bits of data . If you 're uncomfortable with that , yet still want to use Google Now , you can selectively disable individual cards . Check out all the new features here . There are a lot of them .
The update is incredible and available on your 4.1+ device right now . If you 're missing an update button ( as some of us were ) , you can force an update by installing it via the widget below .
BETHLEHEM ( Ma'an ) -- Israel has granted thousands of Palestinians permits to enter Israel for the holy month of Ramadan , drawing shoppers away from West Bank markets , a Palestinian official said Thursday .
Palestinian youths were granted permits to enter Israel from Sunday to Thursday , but not on Fridays or Saturdays , even though worshipers seek to pray in Jerusalem on Fridays during the holy month .
West Bank markets have suffered as Palestinians head to Israel to go shopping .
Jamal Jawabreh , secretary-general of the Chambers of Commerce and Industry , said the Palestinian economy was already suffering from a lack of liquidity , while salaries have dropped and the cost of living has increased .
Jawabreh said Israel was granting Palestinians access on all days except the days of prayer to encourage them to shop in Israel .
They said Israel was trying to counter its own deficit . The Chambers of Commerce have discussed the issue but is unable to stop Israel granting permits , they added .
Economic analyst Yasser Shahine said the permits were directly affecting Palestinian markets , and that Palestinians were buying even basic goods like dairy produce from Israel due to lower prices .
Shahine said the lack of trade rules exacerbated the problem , as Palestinian merchants bought goods from Israel and sold them at a higher price in West Bank markets , rather than trading in local produce .
USE of a paper currency is normally taken to be an expression of faith in the government that issues it . Once the solvency of the issuer is in doubt , anyone holding its notes will quickly try to trade them in for dollars , jewellery or , failing that , some commodity with enduring value ( when the rouble collapsed in 1998 some factory workers in Russia were paid in pickles ) . The Somali shilling , now entering its second decade with no real government or monetary authority to speak of , is a splendid exception to this rule .
Somalia 's long civil war has ripped apart what institutions it once had . In 2011 the country acquired a notional central bank under the remit of the Transitional Federal Government . But the government 's authority does not extend far beyond the capital , Mogadishu . The presence of the Shabab , a murderous fundamentalist militia , in the south and centre of the country , makes it unlikely that Somalia will become whole anytime soon . Meanwhile , 2.3m people are in need of edible aid . Why , then , are Somali shillings , issued in the name of a government that ceased to exist long ago and backed by no reserves of any kind , still in use ?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
One reason may be that the supply of shillings has remained fairly fixed . Rival warlords issued their own shillings for a while and there are a fair number of fakes in circulation . But the lack of an official printing press able to expand the money supply has given the pre-1992 shilling a certain cachet . Even the forgeries do it the honour of declaring they were printed before the central bank collapsed : implausibly crisp red 1,000-shilling notes , with their basket weavers on the front and orderly docks on the back , declare they were printed in the capital in 1990 .
Abdirashid Duale , boss of Dahabshiil , the largest network of banks in Somalia , says that their staff are trained to distinguish good fakes from the real thing before exchanging them for dollars . Others accept the risk of holding a few fakes as a cost of doing business ( shillings are often handed over in thick bundles of 100 notes ) . By this alchemy , an imitation of a thing which is already of notional value turns out to be worth something .
Shelling out shillings
A second reason for the shilling 's longevity is that it is too useful to do away with . Large transactions , such as the purchase of a house , a car , or even livestock are dollarised . But Somalis need small change with which to buy tea , sugar , qat ( a herbal stimulant ) and so on . Many staples are not produced domestically , making barter impractical . The shilling serves as well as shells or beads would as a medium of exchange . It also has a role as a secondary store of value . Once a year the economy gets an injection of dollars when goats are sold to Saudi Arabia to feed pilgrims undertaking the haj . Herders need to find ways to save money received then for spending over the next year . The shilling is one of them .
The shilling has a further source of strength . Since each party to a transaction is likely to be able to place the other within Somalia 's system of kinship , the shilling is underpinned by a strong social glue . Paper currencies always need tacit consent from their users that they will exchange bills for actual stuff . But in Somalia this pact is rather stronger : an individual who flouts the system risks jeopardising trust in both themselves and their clan .
Having survived against great odds , the shilling now faces a serious challenge in the form of dollars transferred by mobile phone . Zaad , a mobile-money service , allows users to pay for goods by texting small amounts of money to a merchant 's account , and is proving popular in Mogadishu . But the shilling 's endurance suggests it should not be counted out . If it can survive without a government , it can probably brush off modern technology , too .
PS Vita Assassin 's Creed III Liberation Synopsis
Eliminate your enemies and secure freedom for your land and fellow citizens with this bundle that includes the PlayStation Vita Wi-Fi system and the newest chapter in the Assassin 's Creed saga . Use the PlayStation Vita 's innovative six-point motion sensing technology to play as Aveline , an assassin of mixed French and African heritage , on a deadly mission to ensure Spanish forces do n't take control of Louisiana and the South . Along with the amazing features of the PS Vita , like front and rear touch screens , you must use your skills and instincts — and your deadly arsenal of weapons to hunt down and eliminate your enemies . Wield a machete , take aim with a poison-dart blowpipe , whip out dueling pistols and more as you execute slow motion chain kills using the PS Vita 's touch screen . Explore the richly detailed world and animation on water by paddling your canoe with the Vita 's rear touch pad and on land by outmaneuvering your foes with the Tree Navigation System that helps give you the upper position . The Revolution is beginning — what part will you play ? Meet Aveline , a cunning new Assassin of mixed French and African heritage and the first lead female Assassin . Aveline finds themselves on an unforgettable journey that will take them from the crowded streets of New Orleans to voodoo-haunted swamps and ancient Mayan ruins . They will play a pivotal role in the turbulent birth of a new nation as they fight for freedom , not only for herself , but for their fellow citizens . On their journey , they must use their skill , instinct and weaponry – including a machete , poison-dart blowpipe , and dueling pistols – to hunt down and eliminate them enemies .
“ NASCAR for politicians. ” That 's the most common analogy San Diego resident and business person John Cox is using to describe their ballot initiative , `` California Is Not For Sale , '' which , if it collects enough signatures , will be put before Californians in November . The proposal is relatively simple : Make California politicians wear the labels of their top ten campaign sponsors on their suits whenever they 're on the Assembly floor .
Picture it . Are you a California senator or assembly member ? Did a big oil company donate a few million to your campaign ? Next time you get up and give a speech in the California Assembly about the need for clean energy in the state of California , everyone will see that big oil company 's logo right on you .
“ I detest people who get ahead by buying politicians and becoming cronies , ” Cox tells Bustle . A self-described small business person , as well as a lawyer and a certified public accountant by training , Cox says they also manage about $ 200 million in real estate . So , while he 's not a billionaire , they have enough to personally jump start an initiative like this one , and they hope others will soon climb on . “ This campaign is about shining a big spotlight on this absurd system . It involves a certain amount of ridicule , obviously , but that 's a way of getting attention . ”
This NASCAR-for-politicians notion is an idea that has been floating around the Internet for so long , not even Cox remembers exactly when they first heard it . But they insist this is only a first step in what they plan as a several-year battle to institute neighborhood legislatures — a system whereby California 's voting districts would shrink to the size of local neighborhoods , thereby shrinking campaigns and the amount of money needed to fund them . This system is Cox 's long play .
`` This is not the silver bullet , ” Cox says of `` California Is Not For Sale '' initiative . `` This is not going to change a whole lot . It will hold the system up to ridicule , and that 's what we 're aiming for here . ''
Cox says they expect to spend a little under a million dollars on paid staffers who will canvas door-to-door to collect the 365,000 signatures that the initiative needs by the end of April to get on the November ballot .
In a different exchange , spokesperson Ryan Smith tells Bustle that `` California is Not For Sale '' received endorsements from several high-profile political entities , including CounterPAC . As of this writing , `` California Is Not For Sale '' has `` roughly 150,000 '' signatures , according to an email to Bustle from the campaign .
Cox , an Illinois native , has so far been personally financing the campaign to get the 365,000 signatures . Should this proposal become law , the California Fair Practices Political Commission ( FPPC ) will be responsible for implementing exactly what this would look like . FPPC spokesperson Jay Wieringa tells Bustle that the voters must decide before any major implementation decisions can be made on how exactly the politicians would attach said logos to their suits .
`` We do get asked by government groups , legislators and staff to sometimes provide analysis on what kind of cost would be involved , '' Wieringa said . `` We will provide our best assessment about what it might cost , but we ca n't comment on anything that might be related to anything that 's before the voters . ''
A History With Dirty Politics
When they lived in Illinois , Cox was the president of the Illinois Cook County Republicans , the county that includes Chicago . They even ran for office in Illinois a few times . “ I was one of ten candidates in the Republican primary , and I was told I had to raise $ 30,000 a day , ” they say . These experiences taught them not only how integral fundraising is to politics , but exactly how complicated the relationship between donor and politician can become .
“ [ Illinois politicians ] would be really nice to you , and you 'd talk to them and they 'd tell you to your face that they were going to get rid of corruption , ” they lament . “ And then they 'd go back to their consultants and they 'd figure out how to raise money from people by selling their office . ”
Cox is also no stranger to getting their hands dirty with California politics . Remember former San Diego Mayor Bob Filner ? The one who faced more than a dozen accusations of of sexual harassment in the workplace ? Filner resigned their office in August of 2013 , but not before Cox personally financed an effort to straight-up recall him .
Uniting Left And Right
According to Cox , their latest campaign to hold politicians accountable has been collecting about 30,000 signatures a week — though the support is not limited to California . Cox has found allies on the other side of the country in Vermont . The Stamp Stampede , an anti-Citizens United movement founded by Ben Cohen of Ben & Jerry 's Ice Cream , has emailed their California members in support of Cox 's plan . So too has the Mayday PAC and Represent.Us , two other prominent groups devoted to ridding politics of big money 's influence . Lest one think Cox 's initiative is winning over only the Left , some Tea Party group in California have also joined in the effort , they say .
And Californians on both sides of the aisle are abuzz — or anxious ? — at the prospect of `` California Is Not For Sale '' passing . Last November , to promote their cause , the group created life-sized cardboard cutouts of all 40 state senators and 80 assembly members . They covered the cut-outs in corporate and union logos and arranged them on the steps of the Capitol building in Sacramento . The reaction from current California politicians was one of caution .
At the time , Democratic state Sen. Marty Block said in an emailed statement that they “ supports reasonable measures to add more transparency ” to California politics , reported the local ABC affiliate . Republican Assemblyman Rocky Chávez dismissed the proposal , telling the ABC affiliate that `` To have everyone decked out like race car drivers would be a circus element which would n't really benefit the public . ”
ABC 10 News on YouTube
However , one former Californian politician was intrigued by Cox 's proposal . Former Senator Mark Machado served as a state senator from 2000 to 2008 for California 's fifth district , a region east of San Fransisco . Machado tells Bustle they would not have had a “ negative reaction ” if a similar initiative had been floating around during their time in office . But there were some of their colleagues who “ press the envelope , ” as they say , “ who would probably not be happy about it . ”
Norm Eisen , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institute and an expert in campaign finance ( also Obama 's former ambassador to the Czech Republic ) , tells Bustle that they completely understand where this initiative is coming from in terms of the frustrations with the current system , but they also laugh out loud when I describe to them what the initiative , if passed , would look like .
“ I agree with the problem and the frustration , ” Eisen says . “ But there are more comprehensive solutions available . This is a real problem and this [ Cox 's proposal ] has a great sense , but they 're better off putting energy into other problems . ”
One drawback of Cox 's plan , Eisen says , is their proposal would be easily evaded in the form of loopholes . If it passed , Eisen says , “ I do n't think anyone would wear a single label . Also , because it 's such a purely symbolic gesture , it runs the risk of being hijacked . ”
The concern that corporations would invent shell bodies or PACs to circumvent being obviously tied to certain politicians is already happening at the national level , Machado said , and in fact , California politics are far from the worst . “ California is a little more robust in monitoring contributions through the FPPC , ” they explain . Under the oversight of the FPPC , not only do California politicians have to report all contributions , they have to indicate any relationships they may have with businesses that could be tied to how that politician might vote .
Also , last December , the Orange Counter Register reported that the Golden State earned a C- for government transparency and accountability . This may sound bad , but that grade means California actually tied for second-best in the nation with Connecticut .
“ Everybody is probably to some degree or another conflicted , ” Machado says .
One former California State Treasurer Jesse Unruh used to say that the measure of a good politician was their ability to take a person 's money , eat their food , drink their booze , take in their entertainment , and then still vote `` no , '' Machado recalls . “ In that case , you were entitled to take their money , ” Machado says . “ But if you could n't do that , then you were n't a good politician. ” According to Machado :
That 's really the measure , you have to be able to maintain an independence . And unfortunately in today 's world , with term limits and the rapidity of turnover , and the need to go from one office to another office because of term limits , people are very cognizant of who 's their friend and who they offend . It 's very difficult to have an independent rack record .
Machado says , “ Many of them [ the politicians ] may say ‘ I 'm independent , ' but it 's hard to believe that your career — which is based on being reelected , which is based on a certain amount of publicity , of campaigning — is not going to be influenced by those who are contributing to it . ”
Machado says they think `` California Is Not For Sale '' could , in fact , change the way donations are made .
`` I think this is very interesting , ” Machado says . “ If you had people having to wear these type of jackets on the legislature floor there is a transparency there that is going to be very difficult to cloud in terms of one 's voting record and performance . And it may cause a little more attention to be paid in terms of how people respond to the issues before them . ”
`` The Corrupt Versus The Non-Corrupt ''
Cox speaks with the unabashed fervor and straightforwardness of a man on a mission , driven not by political gains but a higher calling of sorts . They speak of the deep political divides in the United States being not about Republican versus Democrat , but rather , “ the corrupt versus the non-corrupt , ” they say .
“ I think if we could just get rid of the ulterior motives , the money driving it [ politics ] behind the scenes , I think right and left would come to some accommodation , ” Cox says . “ I really believe that . I really do . ''
This corruption , this potential to buy political power , is the underlying root of so many current ills facing the nation , according to Cox .
“ We have a government for sale , we have politicians who listen to the funders and the organized interests , and then we get surprised when we have a $ 20 trillion national debt , ” they say . “ States like New York and Illinois and California have huge unfunded liabilities for employee health care and pensions . Something 's got to get done about this . And I 'm not going to sit back and watch this any further . ”
Images : California Is Not For Sale ( 4 )
An earlier version of this article stated Change.org endorsed `` California Is Not For sale , '' which is incorrect .
Robot Turtles is the most backed board game in Kickstarter history and teaches kids as young as four how to program before they even learn to read . Widely available this June for $ 24.99 , ThinkFun is launching pre-orders today at ThinkFun.com/robotturtles in anticipation of high demand . Pre-orders will include a free Special Edition Expansion Pack that doubles game play and features new challenges , game tokens and accessories .
`` Last month , President Obama came out in support of Code.org 's Hour of Code , saying , 'Do n't just buy a new video game . Make one . ' We could n't agree more , '' said Bill Ritchie , ThinkFun President and Co-Founder . `` Until Robot Turtles , a screen-free option for teaching code to the critical preschool age group did not exist . This game sneakily teaches programming basics amid silly family fun . ''
Tale of the Turtles
ThinkFun 's passion for code literacy is rooted in its co-founder 's family , with Bill 's brother Dennis Ritchie considered by many to be the greatest coder of all time . Dennis Ritchie was awarded the National Medal of Technology for creating the C programming language and co-creating the UNIX operating system . ThinkFun hails Robot Turtles as a tribute to Dennis Ritchie , who died in 2011 . `` Robot Turtles is an important first step in ThinkFun 's commitment to code literacy , '' continued Bill Ritchie . `` My brother Dennis would have loved it ! ''
Robot Turtles is inspired by Logo , an educational programming language designed in the 1960s , remembered fondly for its turtle graphics . In bringing Robot Turtles to the market , ThinkFun is collaborating with game inventor Dan Shapiro , a self-proclaimed Geek Dad who wanted to give their four-year-old twins what they feel is the single greatest superpower – the skill of programming . Their 2013 Kickstarter campaign to raise $ 25,000 and produce 1,000 games made history when it raised $ 630,000 and shipped 25,000 games . With players calling the game a `` big hit , '' `` great educational tool , '' `` sheer genius , '' `` 10 stars ! '' and `` very simple , '' Robot Turtles has proven entertaining , educational and a boon to early childhood critical thinking skills – a perfect fit with ThinkFun 's mission to change the world through play .
Robot Turtles Role Reversal – Kids Boss the Grown Ups !
Kid ages four to eight play the game with a grown up , using Code Cards and Bug Cards to program their Robot Turtle to reach its matching jewel . As you advance , the game incorporates obstacles like Ice Walls and more complex Code Cards like lasers . Best part ? Kids have all the control , acting as programmers to control the parent , who becomes the computer . As kids create code , parents respond with goofy beeps , bops and zaps , eliciting shrieking delight and belly laughs . Robot Turtles is played with one adult and up to four kids .
To pre-order Robot Turtles with the free Special Edition Expansion Pack , watch a video and soak up game play , please visit ThinkFun.com/robotturtles .
About ThinkFun , Inc .
ThinkFun is the world 's leader in addictively fun games that challenge your mind and inspire creative thinking . Nearly 30 years ago , ThinkFun was founded with a dream to change the world through play . ThinkFun continues to expand on that dream every day with games , mobile apps and global education programs . To learn more about ThinkFun , go to www.thinkfun.com .
SOURCE ThinkFun , Inc .
Oh here we go again . It 's back to the episode comic grind of a long season of comics and stuff for me to do.It 's gon na take a little bit to get into the groove of making normal ponies again because I have been making so many filly and teenage type comics in the off-season it will take time . This was one of the comics yes I began LITERALLY when they first announce the season 7 episodes of the first 4 episodes back in February.So weirdly enough this comic has been sitting on my computer for nearly 2 months and I just opened it a couple days ago to add a couple of details and stuff I never added for some dumb reason . Muffin is in this.So I will say this .... I do n't mind making Starlight and Celestia ... but damn I really hate making these 2 characters.It 's more so Celestia has a weird body shape and is so much taller than any of the other ponies and I rare make them except ones in a blue moon as an adult . Starlight is just annoying as hell with my mane . That mane is so .... precise in the way it 's shape is that I struggle a lot to make it half-way decent like it is in the show . It 's just a freaking mess . I will say that weirdly enough you can tell which Starlight I did first compare to the one I did last.The first one is a little bit more .... off a little but the one near the end I got a better hang of it and I think that one is n't so bad at all . As for this comic .... tell you the truth it 's one of those I kind of took the synopsis and kind of just ran with it into stupidity . It makes totally not sense compared to what EP 1 is about this season but that 's where I am trying to mix it up this season . Some will be a little more toward the synopsis and some are sooo blandly generic to give me anything to work with I will just weird the hell out of it.Play it as we go as you will see.Anyway that 's all I got on this comic . Not a bad start to the season with 2 normal EP and no a full premier . Little different because they never did that before so far in the series . THe main thing I wan na see if just how they go on with these character arcs this year . I think a lot like the CMCs I think are kind of dead and I just want almost 0 EPs with them in them cause personally they really ca n't go anywhere with their story any more i see . The big one I still see is Fluttershy or even AJ cause those you can still build on with more of their story and their arc of what you can say was their original stuff ... I guess.Rarity , Twilight , Dash , and Pinkie pretty much have established their careers so their arcs are done and now in a sense are now into what I call `` the career arc '' as in this is in a sense story like we saw with top bolt that revolve around their actual job and situations that arise . It 's gon na take some good writing to make those EPs all good . As I tell people ... I do n't hype myself up for seasons in the past .... instead I go in with almost no expectations ( unless a synopsis sound so damn good you know it will be good ) and I let the EPs prove to me what they can do . It 's a different era and show these days so I always like to see if the show can prove my expectation wrong of an EP going in.Onward to EP 3 comic next week . Starlight Glimmer , Celestia © HasbroArt © Me
Reversing a nearly 40-year-old ban , Japan 's parliament voted on Wednesday to allow the nation 's space programs to be used for national defence .
The country ' upper house of parliament approved the legislation with a 221 to 14 vote , seconding an earlier approval by the lower house and lifting a ban on the military use of space in place since 1969 .
The law gives Japan 's military greater freedom to develop advanced spy satellites for intelligence and allows the country to pursue a joint missile defence shield with the United States .
The law requires that space programs be used for defence only and that they `` contribute to establish a safe society , remove various threats to life of the people and ensure peace and safety of international society , as well as the national security of our country . ''
Under the new measure , Japan 's defence minister will join a special task force responsible for overseeing Japan 's future space projects .
Japan is prohibited from offensive war by its U.S.-drafted 1947 constitution . But the country has begun to relax its controls on the military , upgrading the Defence Agency to ministry status last year .
Its space program has also been historically focused on peaceful endeavours such as research and communications . Japan launched its first satellite in 1970 and has achieved several major scientific coups in space , including launching a probe that collected samples from an asteroid .
But starting with the launch of its first spy satellite in 2003 , Japan has been increasing its presence in space , partly in response to a perceived nuclear threat from Communist North Korea .
It has since launched three other intelligence-gathering satellites .
21-DSD Lemon Vanilla Meltaways
These 21-DSD Lemon Vanilla Meltaways feature lemon , Coconut Butter , and vanilla bean to create a delicious and sugar-free fudge-like treat .
I 'm in the home stretch of my 21-Day Sugar Detox . Getting to the bottom of and ultimately cleaning up my addiction to sugar is n't easy , but it sure is rewarding .
I 've had my ups and downs . I want to shoot dirty looks at people who eat cake and pizza right in front of me . How dare they ! Then I eat my own delicious dinner and realize that I 'm actually not jealous at all .
I 've also experienced fitful moments of extreme hunger when I honestly consider throwing the whole detox out the window and instead dive headfirst into that giant Reece 's Bar Austin stashed at the back of the fridge . Like I would n't find it . Please . I 've got a 6th sense for stuff like that . Then I drink a big glass of water and realize that I was just thirsty . Extremely thirsty .
Ultimately , I 've come to the realization that my cravings { which I want to interpret as a sign from my all-knowing body that it needs a piece of pizza , or a cupcake } will go away when I address the real issue . Hungry ? Eat something . Poof – craving gone .
I 'll address more of my experience and perspective with a post-21-DSD wrap up after my three weeks are up but I could n't wait any longer to share these 21-DSD Lemon Vanilla Meltaways with you .
This recipe is straight out of the new 21-Day Sugar Detox book by Diane Sanfilippo , who graciously allowed me to share this gem with you all .
If you do n't have a copy of the book yet , you can grab one here . Not only has they put together another whiz-bang , information-packed , empowering piece of nutritional literature , but she 's also loaded it up with some fabulous recipes designed to make your 21-Day Sugar Detox that much easier …and tastier .
Even if you 're not working through a sugar detox , you need these 21-DSD Lemon Vanilla Meltaways in your life .
What on earth are they ?
I like to think of them as delicately flavored lemon vanilla coconut fudge . FUDGE ! That 's exactly what they 're like . They melt in your mouth just like fudge . Except this fudge wo n't feed your sugar addiction .
While the directions in the recipe calls for making individual Meltaways in mini cupcake liners , I 'd like to throw out another option . Pour the “ batter ” into the bottom of a loaf pan , chop it up , and serve with toothpicks at a party . Healthy fudge for everybody !
Let 's make us some Meltaways .
For starters , add ½ a cup of extra virgin coconut oil to a spouted measuring cup . If you 're in the anti-microwave crowd , do n't read the next sentence . I nuked my lumpy coconut oil for about 15 seconds , added more cold oil until I got exactly ½ cup , and then stirred it all together until smooth .
You want it smooth like this !
This ingredient is a must-have for these Meltaways . It 's coconut butter and it will change your life . You can find this brand online here or at your local Whole Foods .
Heat the coconut butter { however you like } until it 's smooth . Give the whole jar a good stir because the creamy flesh probably sank away from the oil during storage .
This is the approximate consistency you want with the warmed butter .
Add ½ cup to the coconut oil .
Lemon time ! Do n't worry , these are n't overly lemony . They 've just got a marvelous hint .
You only need …one ! Just one . My family will be shocked that I actually used the “ called for ” amount of lemon in a recipe . When it comes to non-chemistry cooking { i.e . anything that 's not baking where precision is important } , I have a really heavy lemon/lime hand .
Using either a lemon zester or your microplane , zest the entire lemon .
Throw that zest into the jar !
Cut your naked lemon in half .
And squeeze every last bit of its sour goodness into the jar .
Last ingredient ! You 'll need a vanilla bean . While the recipe will turn out JUST FINE if you decide to leave the vanilla out , I highly recommend you give it a try . If you live in TX , grab this local brand . They 're so much less expensive than the competition it 's almost shocking .
This is a whole vanilla bean . Does n't it almost look like a walking stick ?
Phasmatodea , that 's the family name . See , Entomology classmates ! I did n't forget . Okay , I Googled it to make sure the spelling was right . Gosh I love walking sticks . You know some people keep them as pets ? They 're totally harmless { unless you 're a head of lettuce } , can live up to two years , and some species grow up to two feet in length . WOW . My 6-legged friends never fail to entertain me . Maybe I 'll give out pet walking sticks for Christmas . Now that 's an idea !
Sorry . What were we talking about ? Oh yes , not sweet but still delicious vanilla coconut fudgy goodness . Righto .
Cut the vanilla bean in half and try to forget that I compared it to an insect . That probably was n't appetizing .
Using a small knife CAREFULLY cut down the length of the bean on one side of the pod . Feel free to run your finger down the length of the pod to split it open if the knife work is a little dicey { no pun intended } .
Once you 've got it open , scrape the seeds out using either your finger or a spoon .
There are your seeds !
Add them to the jar of lemon coconutness .
Baby whisk time ! I told you guys I use it a lot . Whisk the whole mixture together until the vanilla bean is broken up and evenly distributed .
Mmm . I completely understand if you need to taste test at this point . In fact , I recommend it .
To make the Meltaways discs { Option # 1 } , line a mini cupcake pan with 12 parchment paper liners .
Pour the liquid in the liners .
Once all the liners are full , pop this baby in the fridge for about 30 minutes or until it firms up .
To make the mini Meltaway cubes { Option # 2 } , line a loaf pan with parchment paper .
Pour the liquid in ! Let it harden for about 30 minutes as well as chop up into approximately ½ inch cubes .
They 're done !
Top with a little more fresh zest for garnish and extra color .
Or , for the smaller portions , plate , poke with toothpicks , and sprinkle with zest . Festive !
Either way , I hope you enjoy these 21-DSD Lemon Vanilla Meltaways as much as I did !
Not long ago , the weekend of March 1 , I got arrested . It was one of the proudest moments of my life . I went peacefully , telling the arresting officer my name and waiting while they secured my hands behind my back with plastic , zip-tie handcuffs . They led me to a line where I was told to remember my number , “ three thirty-two. ” I was the 332nd person arrested in front of the White House last Sunday in an act of peaceful civil disobedience to object to the Keystone XL pipeline , which would carry tar sands oil from Alberta down to the Gulf Coast .
My day of protest began more than eight hours earlier in Georgetown University 's Red Square . I joined over 1,000 students from across the country and began a march to the White House in an event we called XL Dissent . We wanted to make it as clear as possible to President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry , upon whose shoulders the Keystone XL permit rests , that we do not want this pipeline . This pipeline is not in our national interest . Moreover , this pipeline is not in the interest of the people of color and the impoverished people it would disproportionately affect . We are willing to lay our future on the line to stop this pipeline .
We thronged through the streets of Georgetown , leaving a black , shining tarp on the steps of John Kerry 's house with the message , “ Do n't tar your legacy , stop KXL. ” From there we marched the rest of the two miles through downtown D.C. to Lafayette Square , directly across the street from the White House . Here we were addressed by a series of speakers attesting to the destructive potential of the Keystone XL pipeline . One of the speakers was Chris Wahmhoff , a Michigan resident from Kalamazoo , who held their fist high in the air , displaying a chunk of solidified tar sands oil they had pulled out of the Kalamazoo River . It was left over from a pipeline similar to KXL that ruptured and polluted the river four years ago . The damage from the spill can still be seen today , even after a multi-million-dollar clean up . They were followed by Jasmine Thomas , who spoke of the impact tar sands would have on the water resources of their Saik'uz First Nation 's land in British Columbia . Next , a university student stood up and reminded everyone of Obama 's promises to protect the environment and our future . I poured hours into volunteering for the Obama campaign and enthusiastically cast my vote for them in the last election . If they allow this pipeline they will no longer be a symbol of hope and positive change to me , but instead one of betrayal , broken trust and a bleak future . Finally , a call to action was given , and our protest escalated .
Hundreds of students , some brandishing zip ties , others clad in oil-covered hazmat suits and one in a Captain Planet costume , rushed across the street to set up camp in Obama 's front yard . A 40-foot by 60-foot black tarp was rolled out across the sidewalk and street to symbolize an oil spill , and protestors flung their bodies down on it to represent the deaths Keystone XL would bring through its impacts on public health , including increased incidence of asthma and cancer . Others , myself included , found a spot along the iron fence surrounding the White House and fastened our wrists to the metal .
While the police secured the area and read us procedural warnings , we chanted for climate justice and called for Obama to reject the pipeline . Two hours later , they declared that we were all under arrest and began to handcuff people . At this point , the cheering and singing only got louder . As I watched the police load my peers into paddy wagons , I was sure we were doing the right thing . Even as students preparing to enter the workforce , the Keystone pipeline poses a far greater threat to our future than an arrest on our permanent record .
At the end of the day , 398 of us were arrested . Our reasons were manifold . Some had at the front of their mind the impact a Keystone spill could have on the massive aquifer that provides water for cropland in the Midwest . Many were standing up for the communities like Port Arthur , Texas , where people of color would be disproportionately put at risk for cancer as a consequence of the emissions from the refineries . Some people thought of the land they were bullied into giving up across the Midwest . Others did it to stop the effect such an operation would have on the climate . I did it with the symbolic potential of Keystone XL in mind . If Obama rejects the permit it will send the message that America can still be a leader on environmental issues . That we can , and will , take the necessary steps to combat climate change , to fight pollution and to build a clean energy future , regardless of what the fossil fuel industry has to say .
I realize that my action was one taken from a place of privilege ; I had the resources to risk getting arrested . I made the decision I felt was most appropriate in my circumstance , though I acknowledge it had its flaws . Our protest lacked the voices of the underprivileged , lacked the voices of the frontline communities and relied on the highly educated , who would likely feel the tar sands pipeline 's impact the least . Even so , I wanted to help in whatever capacity I could , so I joined XL Dissent .
With this in mind , I was proud when after six hours in the cold rain , I was cut down from the fence and put into custody . I was proud that I took action for a cause I believe in . I was proud that our protest would be covered by The New York Times , The Washington Post and the Chicago Tribune . And I was proud as I was taken away from the front steps of the White House in handcuffs , knowing Obama might finally hear my concern .
Jacob Kornfeld is an LSA sophomore .
DIGG THIS
During the recent meeting of the Democratic Party 's rules committee , television showed a woman blubbering uncontrollably , tears pouring down their face , as they moaned about the Florida-Michigan delegate settlement that caused them to lose them vote .
I was struck by a fantasy . Would n't it be good if we had a few men dressed in SS uniforms who could burst into the room , grab this lady and heave them into a military truck ?
The shock of this little charade , I thought to myself , might help them get their priorities in order . Politics is a game like baseball and basketball . The prizes are offices and patronage . There is no reason to cry — ever .
No one is being executed or tortured , no one is drowning in a flood , and no one is being gassed , shot or burned alive . Nothing of any real importance is occurring . It 's just a roomful of like-minded people quarreling over counting delegates . You get counted or you do n't get counted . It does n't matter in the long run .
I suppose it is OK that some people get emotional about elections and choose their champions based on feelings and illusions . If people made a cold , logical decision , `` none of the above '' would likely win by a landslide .
Despite all that , Americans should approach a political contest intellectually and analytically . They should carefully consider evidence of intelligence and honesty . They should carefully evaluate the candidates ' proposals .
In short , they should act like serious citizens instead of like a mob of Hannah Montana fans . I do n't see anything lovable about any of the candidates . They are all flawed . Underneath their public congeniality , they all have a hard edge and a ruthless ambition that has nothing to do with the public welfare or the good of the country . They want to win . Right now , that 's their obsession .
It is n't necessary to fall in love with a candidate . It is n't necessary to imagine that they or they are your friend . All people have to do is make a calculated decision that this particular candidate is more likely to make a better president than the others .
Then , having cast your vote , you go about your business , because the American people have virtually no control of their government once Election Day passes . Our republican form of government gives complete power to the officeholders for their full terms . Unless you contributed big , big bucks , you are n't likely to receive any personal attention from any of them except on theirs or their terms .
Another point to keep in mind is that all of the problems the candidates are now afield promising to solve are problems they themselves created .
Who failed to seal our borders ? Congress . Who voted for ruinous deficits , now totaling $ 9 trillion ? Congress . Who voted to forbid the government from negotiating lower prices for the Medicare drugs ? Congress . Who authorized a war on false pretenses ? Congress . Who set Medicare and Social Security on the road to bankruptcy ? Congress . Who votes to give billions of your tax dollars away to foreign governments ? Congress . Who voted for free-trade agreements that have virtually destroyed America 's manufacturing base ? Congress .
I have an extremely low opinion of politicians because they took a once grand country full of good people and have run it into the ground to the point that it requires a lot of optimism to see even a bleak future .
I would like to see all incumbents except Virginia Sen. James Webb defeated . Actually , what I 'd really like to see happen to them is probably against the law to say . At any rate , tar and feathers would be hard to find in most communities .
Charley Reese [ send them mail ] has been a journalist for 49 years .
The Best of Charley Reese
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer begged President Trump Monday to endorse a bipartisan deal to stabilize Obamacare 's markets , saying the bill “ has the necessary 60 votes ” to pass without hiccups after every Democrat and a dozen Senate Republicans rallied to it .
“ That 's as bipartisan as it gets , ” Mr. Schumer , New York Democrat , said .
Mr. Trump has flip-flopped on their support for the legislation and is making demands that would pull the deal to the right , upsetting Democrats and making it more difficult for Republican sponsors to turn their negotiations into a finished product .
As written , the deal by Sens . Lamar Alexander , Tennessee Republican , and Patty Murray , Washington Democrat , would approve payments in 2018 and 2019 for what 's known as “ cost-sharing reductions ” — federal money sent to insurers to reimburse them for covering out-of-pocket health care costs of lower-income Americans .
Mr. Trump recently said they can no longer legally make the payments on their own , prompting fears of higher premiums and ratcheting up pressure on Congress to act .
Republicans , in return , would get long-sought flexibility for states to reshape their markets and expand the sale of bare-bones “ copper plans ” to all ages , so healthier people have more options .
A dozen senators from each party announced their support for the legislation last week , though Mr. Schumer says all 48 Democrats will back it .
“ Mr . President , come out and support the Alexander-Murray bill , ” Mr. Schumer said . “ You 've called it , quote , a ‘ very good solution ' already . ”
Yet Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Sunday they will wait for Mr. Trump 's approval before they put it on the floor .
The White House says it likes the idea of a bipartisan package , but the deal is n't strong enough to win Mr. Trump 's support just yet , particularly as the House GOP dismisses it as a “ bailout ” for insurers that does n't offer enough state flexibility or relief from Obamacare 's rules in return .
The administration is circulating a one-page list of “ principles ” it wants to include in any short-term bill to “ provide relief to Americans suffering under Obamacare . ”
It includes waiving penalties under the individual mandate to hold insurance for the 2017 tax year , and fines tied to the employer mandate requiring firms with 50 or more full-time workers to provide adequate coverage .
The White House wants to raise the limit on contributions to health savings accounts and let consumers use the tax-advantaged accounts to pay for premiums and direct costs from checkups with their primary doctors .
It also wants to expand access to “ association plans ” that allow people in trade groups and workers in similar lines of work to band together and buy coverage .
Earlier this month , Mr. Trump ordered agencies to explore ways to let people buy these plans across state lines , without having to comport with Obamacare 's coverage requirements . Critics said the move could siphon healthy customers out the markets .
Mr. Alexander characterized the White House 's demands as part of a natural give-and-take , as congressional Republicans work with the administration to stamp out fires in the insurance markets before settling on a long-term plan to repeal and replace Obamacare next year .
“ This is the normal legislative process with people of different views saying what they are for and against , ” Mr. Alexander said . “ Something close to the Alexander-Murray proposal is likely to become law this year because the president themselves asked us to develop this short-term solution so people are n't hurt by a chaotic insurance market , a bipartisan group of 24 senators is sponsoring our bill , it gives states new power to create choices and lower prices , and House Republicans have already voted once this year for continuing cost sharing provisions for two years . ”
Conservatives say it will be difficult for them to cast votes that stabilize Obamacare without a clear path to repeal , though Mr. Alexander said they have to act in the meantime , since GOP plans would n't kick in until 2020 , anyway .
They cited Iowa 's decision Monday to withdraw a waiver , known as a “ 1332 , ” that would have reshaped its health market by offering subsidies to higher-earners and blunting the cost of expensive customers .
State officials said they could n't get around Obamacare 's strictures .
“ Iowa 's decision is further evidence that the Affordable Care Act is too restrictive to allow states to help people who need to buy insurance . The so-called guardrails have become roadblocks , ” Mr. Alexander said .
Democrats say they are willing to strengthen part of the deal that prevents insurers from “ double-dipping ” into both cost-sharing payments and higher-than-normal premiums .
However , any changes that unravel Obamacare 's core provisions would likely upend the deal . For instance , insurers view the individual mandate as a critical spur to get healthy people into the markets , and might quit the program if it is softened .
Democrats are trying shift blame for rising premiums from the law itself to Mr. Trump 's “ sabotage , ” from slashing program outreach to declaring the payments invalid on the cusp of open enrollment .
Unless one side gives , the issue could fester until Congress decides to attach the effort to a must-pass bill , such as a spending bill to avoid a government shutdown in December .
Mr. Schumer taunted the president from the Senate floor Monday , saying they are “ not showing much leadership ” when the “ hard right ” rebuffs them on issues .
“ Maybe it 's because they do n't want a bipartisan bill . Maybe it 's because they are n't involved , ” Mr. Schumer said , later adding : “ It 's time , Mr. President , to turn the page on health care and pass Alexander-Murray . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Making a comeback , PR veteran and former corporate lobbyist Niira Radia has ventured into healthcare business through a new entity Nayati Healthcare , whose first hospital was inaugurated in Mathura on Sunday by Ratan Tata .
Inaugurating the 351-bed multi super specialty hospital , Mr. Tata said , “ It is heartening to see a full fledged specialty hospital being established in Mathura with considerable personal sacrifice , driven by passion and a genuine desire to serve the community . ”
The hospital would provide “ much needed medical help and health care facilities for the people of the region ” , the Tata Group chairperson emeritus said .
Honourable Shri Ratan Tata inaugurates NAYATI MULTI SUPER SPECIALTY HOSPITAL today . > # MathuraHealthCity > @ Nayatihealth > pic.twitter.com/0Bk8ploMEM — Nayati Healthcare ( @ Nayatihealth ) > February 28 , 2016
Ms. Radia said the hospital is poised to serve not only the population of Western Uttar Pradesh but will be the centre of excellence for the whole of North India .
The hospital would aim to reduce the physical , emotional and economic burden of illness that blights the life of ordinary people in tier II and tier III towns by taking treatment to the patients , they added .
Nayati Healthcare & Research , a multi super specialty healthcare chain , has decided to start operations in Tier II and Tier III cities .
Ms. Radia , once known as an influential corporate lobbyist , had landed in controversy few years back following the leak of their alleged taped conversations with prominent politicians , business people and media persons .
Subsequently , they > wound up their PR business comprising among other entities of Vaishnavi Corporate Communications , which handled various clients including the Tata Group and Unitech and of Neucom Consulting which managed the account of Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries .
When asked about their past experiences , Ms. Radia asserted that they had no regrets .
“ I was never a corporate communications person , never a corporate lobbyist as they keep on calling me ... Success has a price but I do n't have any regrets , ” Radia said .
“ Do I regret ( that I was ) in the corporate space ? I think it was a huge learning , ” they noted .
About their foray into the healthcare space , Ms. Radia said , “ I have found my calling . '
Talking about their business model , Ms. Radia said it would have to be “ economies of scale ... It is all about people ” .
“ We have to be sensitive to affordability , ” they said , adding that the entity has not slashed prices but is only being sensible when it comes to pricing .
On financial aspect of the venture , they said they are very cautious as there is support of bank loans .
However , specific details were not disclosed .
Watch your step . There 's a lot of BS on the Internet .
You may see the news on Twitter or your Facebook feed that AMC is planning to film an episode of The Walking Dead in the Maine woods . The news is attributed to a blog written by a screenwriter purportedly living in Maine . The blog 's author , Austin Hodgens , even quotes a spokesperson from Gov . LePage 's office as confirming the news .
Unfortunately , it 's a hoax .
The first red flag is in the first sentence , when it mentions the “ Maine Department of Film and Television Production. ” There 's no such thing . Maine has the Maine Film Office , which is contained within the Department of Economic and Community Development . Also , that LePage spokesperson … Nancy Kovacs … they do n't exist .
The second red flag — a dead giveaway that it 's a hoax , really — is a just far enough into the piece that many people who do n't read the whole post will miss it . The post 's author mentions AMC will save money by not having to hire extras to play zombies because Maine 's north woods has live zombies .
“ As for those live Zombies , ” the blog post reads , “ AMC plans to film in the North Woods where the Zombie population is not as dense and can be easily controlled by Maine Zombie Hunters and Maine Zombie Census Bureau Agents , who will always be just off camera to ensure that the actors are never in danger . ”
“ It 's good fiction , ” Doug Ray , a spokesperson for Maine 's DECD , told me this morning . “ If we do n't get contacted by these big productions , we would have heard about them through Karen [ Carberry Warhola , director of the Maine Film Office ] 's contacts in the business . Not all productions go through us , but the ones this size that would want to take advantage of our incentives would . ”
This Austin is obviously having a bit of fun . It 's not the first time . In response to reader comment , they also bragged about a post they wrote in January about Survivor filming in Maine had already garnered “ 55,000 views . ”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
April 17 , 2017 , 7:56 PM GMT / Updated April 17 , 2017 , 8:03 PM GMT By Corky Siemaszko
The Alex Jones who told their legions of “ Infowars ” listeners bogus stories about the U.S. government being behind the 9/11 attacks and about Hillary Clinton operating a pedophile ring out of a Washington pizza joint is really “ a performance artist . ”
That 's according to Jones ' own lawyer — not the mainstream media that the right-wing radio jock derides as “ fake news . ”
“ He 's playing a character ” and is nothing like their online persona , attorney Randall Wilhite reportedly insisted in a Texas courtroom at a pre-trial hearing ahead of the right wing radio jock 's custody battle with ex-wife Kelly Jones .
Alex Jones
Judging Jones by their Infowars performances would be like judging Jack Nicholson by their depiction of the Joker on “ Batman , ” Wilhite told state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo last week , the Austin American-Statesman reported .
Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of their three children , ages 14 , 12 and 9 , with their ex-husband , an ardent supporter of President Trump who broadcasts from their Austin home .
“ He 's not a stable person , ” they reportedly told the court . “ He says they want to break Alec Baldwin 's neck . They want J-Lo to get raped . ”
“ I 'm concerned that they are engaged in felonious behavior , threatening a member of Congress , '' they added , referring to Jones ' recent comments about Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California . `` He broadcasts from home . The children are there , watching them broadcast . ''
There was no immediate response to Kelly Jones ' claims from Jones , 43 , who is also known for pushing other widely discredited claims like the moon landing was faked and the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was staged .
Meanwhile , lawyers for the warring Joneses began seating a jury in the Travis County courthouse for what 's expected to be a contentious two-week hearing , court officials confirmed .
The couple divorced in 2015 . Jones reportedly pays their ex-wife $ 43,000 per month , according to the Austin paper .
Jones ' Infowars site was a hub for anti-Clinton conspiracies during the presidential campaign and Trump publicly thanked them for their support .
“ You reputation is amazing , ” Trump said in December 2015 . “ I will not let you down . ”
Jones claimed later that a victorious Trump later reached out to thank them and their listeners for their support .
Child porn removed from Megaupload servers … Child pornography found on Kim Dotcom 's Megaupload servers was removed and authorities were alerted , according to their lawyer Paul Davison . United States law enforcement authorities have confirmed images of child abuse were discovered during an FBI examination of the contents of the internet millionaire 's cloud storage system . But experts say Megaupload is unlikely to be held accountable because the material was uploaded by customers . Davison told ONE News they are aware the FBI found images of abuse , because it is mentioned in the US indictment . They said Megaupload , like most large server based operations , has systems in place for identifying child pornography so it can be deleted . They also said the prosecution plans to argue the company should have responded to pirated material in the same way as it responded to the images of abuse . – TV New Zealand
Dominant Social Theme : He 's a pervert as well as a thief .
Free-Market Analysis : Is the power elite prosecuting Kim Dotcom getting increasingly desperate ?
Now the child pornography smear is being rolled out .
It was predictable enough . The powers-that-be are struggling with what we call the Internet Reformation . And just as they did after the advent of the Gutenberg Press , they 've identified copyright control as one way to slow down the flow of information .
As the information on the Internet has begun to expose the one-world conspiracy , governmental elites have mulled shutting off the Internet entirely .
As we 've pointed out , this is virtually impossible . Never in the history of humankind have people voluntarily given up technological advances . The Internet , interwoven with every aspect of human society , is unlikely to be an exception .
The idea then is to control the Internet but this is easier said than done . There are billions of people on the planet and among these billions is a pool of uncontrolled and uncontrollable programmers , mostly young men , who will continue to utilize the Internet for private purposes .
These private programmers , neither hackers nor malicious rebels , will nonetheless resent statist encroachments on the Internet . There is thus a formidable force arrayed against Internet control .
The power elite , realizing this , has decided in aggregate apparently , that the best way to attack the Internet is to do it gradually . They have used various methods in this regard .
The Internet has been demonized as a deliverer of pornography , especially child pornography . It has been demonized for purveying financial scams as well .
Perhaps the most effective attacks on the Internet have come from those who claim that the Internet violates copyright law . This is a kind of dominant social theme , designed to promote fear of the Internet and therefore lay the groundwork for legislation against it .
Kim Dotcom has been enlisted unwillingly in this overarching battle . While they did understand the risks , presumably , of allowing users to `` share '' copyrighted material , they likely did not understand the full range of possibilities for attacks against him .
They thought they would be attacked within a civil prosecution . It likely never occurred to them that their resources would be garnished , their company shut down and that they and their colleagues would be tossed into prison .
The very nature of this Draconian response has thrown the case against Dotcom into doubt . And the backlash against what has been done to Dotcom has solidified on the 'Net despite the efforts of top Hollywood elites and others to demonize him .
But the demonization certainly continues – as we can see from this report on Kim Dotcom and kiddie porn . The article 's reporting directly mentions Kim Dotcom in the first graf – giving readers the impression that Dotcom themselves had downloaded child porn .
You have to read the article carefully to get to reality : The pornography was found on Megaupload servers . Chances are child pornography resides on major servers around the world . That 's likely an inescapable fact given pornography 's ubiquitiousness .
We wrote a while back in an article entitled , `` Is the Case Against Megaupload Coming Apart ? '' In it we reported that `` a Megaupload trial may never happen because the US Government failed to serve the now defunct file-hosting company . '' We quoted Dotcom as well :
`` The US government has terminated Megaupload , Megavideo and 10 other subsidiaries , including a company called N1 Limited that was developing a clothing line , '' Dotcom told TorrentFreak . `` They destroyed 220 jobs . Millions of legitimate Mega users have no access to their files . ''
There are other problems with the case as well , stemming mostly – from what we can tell – from the over-reaction to charges leveled at Kim Dotcom and Megaupload and from the sympathy they have received because of the perceived over-reaction by the authorities .
Within this context , attempts to brand Dotcom as a kind of child pornographer and Megaupload are likely to be seen as a kind of further desperate attempt to conflate copyright with larger moral failings and criminality .
Dotcom has not proven a pushover . They are fighting back apparently with a movie and book – as well as via the legal system . This is yet another reason why those insisting on the primacy of Western-style copyright are said to have turned their attention to intimidating ISP providers .
ISPs are now to identify users of illegal copyrighted material . The penalty will be warnings , fines or even cessation or service . Presumably civil and criminal litigation will wait in the wings .
After Thoughts
What they can not accomplish publicly , therefore , they will try to obtain behind closed doors via smears , confiscation and even blackmail .
Image caption Jobbik 's rise has coincided with tough economic times for many Hungarians
The nationalist Jobbik party aims to capture the centre ground in Hungarian politics and has narrowly won a key by-election .
The party is trying to position itself as the main challenger to Prime Minister Viktor Orban 's ruling Fidesz .
Jobbik describes itself as `` a principled , conservative and radically patriotic Christian party '' on its website .
`` Its fundamental purpose is protecting Hungarian values and interests , '' the message in English says .
Critics see it as a far-right , even neo-Nazi movement . It got 20 % of the vote in last year 's parliamentary election , making it the most successful nationalist party in Europe in recent years . It is now running at 28 % in opinion polls .
The by-election in Tapolca in western Hungary on 11 April confirms how wounded conservative Fidesz is now . Jobbik 's triumph - winning its first ever individual constituency seat in parliament - could influence hundreds of thousands of previously undecided voters , ahead of national elections in 2018 .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Jobbik tries to remind Hungarians of their struggle for nationhood
Image caption Critics link the historic Arpad stripes to Hungary 's wartime pro-Nazi regime
'People 's party '
Jobbik 's candidate Lajos Rig , a hospital worker and trade union leader , beat rivals from Fidesz and the opposition Socialists .
Gabor Vona , Jobbik 's 37-year-old leader , wears what appears to be the new Jobbik uniform - blue jeans , black suit jacket , shirt and tie .
In late 2013 , Mr Vona declared a new direction for their party - towards the political centre , and away from the extreme right which won it its ugly reputation .
`` We are a people 's party now , '' Mr Vona told me . `` Naturally we have kept our basic values , but now we are trying to represent the whole of society , with all the different views which people hold .
`` So in the present political situation , Jobbik does n't approach people with ideology , but on the basis of a programme of action . ''
Is n't they worried that such a stance could lose them the support of the right wing , the roots of their party ?
`` If someone disagrees with the people 's party direction I stand for , they will lose their place in Jobbik , sooner or later , '' they replied . `` I will not accept any crude or extreme views in the future . I want this to be party which everyone can calmly and honourably vote for . ''
Image caption Gabor Vona says they are pushing their party towards the centre
Ugly incidents
But the list of those in Jobbik 's past who might fall foul of such principles is a long one .
One Jobbik deputy spat on a monument on the Danube shore built to commemorate Jews murdered there in 1944 by Hungarian Nazis . Mr Vona ordered them to lay a flower there as an apology .
Another suggested , during a debate on the Middle East , the drawing up of a list of `` people of Jewish ancestry… especially in the Hungarian parliament and Hungarian government , who do indeed pose a national security risk '' .
Most seriously , by repeatedly insisting on a category it calls `` Gypsy crime '' , Jobbik has contributed to a serious worsening of relations with the Hungarian Roma minority .
One of the results of that was a series of random murders of Roma in 2008-2009 . One of the four men convicted of the murders suggested in court that the uniformed but unarmed `` Hungarian Guard '' , which Mr Vona set up to patrol Roma neighbourhoods , was too mild for their taste .
Genuine change ?
Many of Hungary 's Roma are destitute and marginalised , but Jobbik 's programme calls for an end to positive discrimination for minorities .
Jobbik insists that it is not racist , since the `` unique form of delinquency '' which the Roma is responsible for , it claims , can be explained by `` their peculiar socio-cultural background , not genetic pre-determination '' .
Peter Kreko of the Political Capital think tank in Budapest says they believe Mr Vona `` wants to move the party towards the centre , and push out the extremist elements .
`` But I 'm not sure they can do it . So far , all he 's managed to change is the surface , not the membership , nor the content , '' they said .
`` Nevertheless , if they manage to tone down the anti-Gypsy and anti-Semitic rhetoric , that has to be welcomed . ''
Last month I wrote a post regrading a group of people in West Bend , WI who are trying to get books that they consider to be obscene moved from the section of the library designated “ Young Adults . ”
That fight caught the attention of Robert Braun , head of something they call the Christian Civil Liberties Union , who then filed a lawsuit seeking $ 120,000 in damage for having been allegedly caused emotional distress by the book being in the library and the right to publicly burn the library 's copy of the book “ Baby Be-Bop ”
The entire bizarre battle was picked-up by CNN the other day and so Alan Colmes invited Braun onto their radio program to discuss their lawsuit .
It was , needless to say , highly entertaining .
Braun apparently does n't understand the difference between racism and censorship , because when Colmes accused them of engaging in the latter , Braun 's response was , and I quote :
Let me tell you who 's involved in this suit . One of the gentleman with me is Black , their wife is Indian , she 's a Comanche , the other one is … I have Jewish blood in me .
And it just went downhill from there , with Braun declaring that he 's going to burn a copy of “ Baby Be-Bop ” no matter what – not the library 's copy , because that would be illegal , but the copy which , for some reason , they apparently own . Considering that they are suing the library for causing them emotional damage by simply having it in the stacks , it seems odd that Braun would have a copy of the very same book in their own house . Braun went on to admit that they do n't even live in West Bend and that their Christians Civil Liberties Union has a grand total of zero members .
At one point , Braun accused Colmes of not being a good Christian , which Colmes readily admitted ( he 's Jewish , ) and claimed that Colmes was now causing them emotional distress as well . When Colmes asked them to explain how anyone has been “ damaged ” by this book 's inclusion in the library , Barun responded that they and the other plantiffs “ are elderly and it has damaged our moral views . ”
Frankly , I think the entire thing can be summed up by simply noting that this interview might just contain a world record for the greatest number of mispronunciations of the word “ library ” in any seven minute interval :
Some statistics can be misleading , such as the one that says Manchester United have lost only once in their last 17 matches .
To the casual football watcher , it 's a run of results that should hint at progress . So , too , should their position in the Barclays Premier League . United is fourth , only five points behind champions Manchester City .
But things are not always as they seem and anybody who has paid any attention to United 's play this season will know that any progress under Louis van Gaal has been hewn from organisation and sheer stubbornness rather than the progressive , fluent football for which the club have always claimed to be known .
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney cut a frustrated figure during Sunday 's 1-1 draw with West Ham
Man United goalkeeper David de Gea ( right ) shouting in anger after West Ham took the lead at Upton Park
Louis van Gaal watches on as the Red Devils struggled to a late point against West Ham on Sunday afternoon
SHOCKING STATS CLICK HERE to read the stats that shame Louis van Gaal 's stuttering Manchester United
Last Friday — two days before the ill-deserved point taken from a game at West Ham on Sunday - Van Gaal poignantly referenced the spirit of Munich .
‘ We look for flair and pace and passion to play the game the United way , ' said Van Gaal , borrowing a line from a poem written to commemorate the 1958 disaster .
Suffice to say that after another stilted United performance at Upton Park , that search goes on .
Daley Blind rescued Manchester United with a strike deep into injury-time on Sunday
Rooney and defender Phil Jones trudge off the Upton Park field after Van Gaal 's side salvaged a late leveller
You have to wonder what former winger Ryan Giggs , now assistant manager , makes of the change at United
One qualified observer described Sunday 's United display as ‘ joyless ' . It seemed appropriate . More worrying for Van Gaal , though , is the fact that the coterie of ex-players and United legends still close to matters at Old Trafford are beginning to whisper their concerns , too .
This is one of the things about United . It is similar to Liverpool in that once you have played there you never quite let go . Once a red , always a red . As such , those with their ear to the ground are worth listening to and the consensus is that Van Gaal 's team simply can not continue to play like this if they wish to be afforded the patience and understanding the coach has admitted the team still need .
‘ They are just so boring to watch , ' said one former player last week . That is a generalisation but occasionally it is hard to disagree .
Man United striker Robin van Persie is crowded out as the Dutchman attempts to move forward with the ball
West Ham midfielder Kevin Nolan celebrating on the line after the Hammers took the lead on 49 minutes
West Ham players congratulating goalscorer Cheikhou Kouyate ( centre ) after the midfielder found the net
The saving graces for United right now are clear but their hold on them is not . The fact United are in the Champions League places and ahead of Liverpool is important . They are fortunate to be fourth with the points tally that they have but , nevertheless , they do remain on course for achieving the principal objective given Van Gaal when they joined the club in the summer .
Whether they continue to play this way and remain in the top four remains to be seen . Comparisons have already been made with Van Gaal 's predecessor David Moyes but the up-to-date numbers are worth revealing - and they do not reflect well on this United team .
After 24 league games of a season that was ended by their dismissal last April , Moyes had taken four points fewer than Van Gaal . They had , however , won the same number of games – 12 - and their team had managed more shots on goal , on and off target , and forced more corners .
Louis van Gaal vs David Moyes after 24 Premier League games in charge First 24 Premier League matches in charge of Man United LVG Moyes Games Played 24 24 Games Won 12 12 Win percentage 50 % 50 % Goals 40 39 Goals per game 1.67 1.63 Total shots 229 249 Shots on target 110 116 Shots off target 119 133 Shot Conversion Rate 17.47 15.66 Shooting Accuracy 48.03 46.59 Possession 59.64 54.49 Corners 132 144 Passing Accuracy 84.77 83.58 Goals Conceded 23 29 Goals conceded per game 0.96 1.21 Clean Sheets 7 7 Shots on Target Faced 94 94 Errors Leading to Goals 1 7 Yellow cards 42 46 Red cards 4 2
This points to flaws in Van Gaal 's use of their players . Moyes 's team were hardly heralded as one welded fast to United 's best traditions yet it would appear that they spent more time threatening the opposition goal than the team we are watching this time round .
On social media on Sunday Van Gaal 's United were being criticised heavily by their own supporters .
Chief among the concerns were the manager 's continued belief in a three-man defence - though that seems to be wavering - their use of captain Wayne Rooney in midfield , the refusal to use Ander Herrera at all and the relatively lethargic recent performances of record signing Angel di Maria .
United skipper Rooney , playing in a midfield role , is challenged by Nolan as Alex Song watches on close by
United captain Rooney , pictured reacting next to Mark Clattenburg , struggled to ignite their team 's play
All of these would appear to be part of the problem . United has no real pace , so do not counter-attack consistently well , something that has always been part of the DNA at Old Trafford .
Equally , United do not keep possession for long spells in the right areas , and so fail to build pressure as well as they might .
‘ It 's not a question of playing with wingers or without or with three defenders or four defenders , it 's about the playing style , ' said Van Gaal on Friday . ‘ Certainly , at the moment we could have done better in terms of ball possession . '
Striker Radamel Falcao ( centre ) struggled to impress up front for Manchester United against West Ham
Summer signing Angel di Maria ( left ) also struggled to make an impact in the Manchester United midfield
Long passes and long balls made by Premier League teams this season PREMIER LEAGUE 14-15 LONG PASSES PREMIER LEAGUE 14-15 Long Balls Burnley 1877 West Bromwich Albion 1039 MANCHESTER UNITED 1861 Burnley 957 Queens Park Rangers 1845 Hull City 811 West Bromwich Albion 1749 Crystal Palace 746 Leicester City 1720 Leicester City 746 Hull City 1698 West Ham United 746 Southampton 1696 Queens Park Rangers 745 Aston Villa 1661 Southampton 724 Crystal Palace 1658 Newcastle United 637 West Ham United 1625 Aston Villa 617 Everton 1575 Sunderland 557 Sunderland 1522 Tottenham Hotspur 537 Newcastle United 1514 MANCHESTER UNITED 502 Stoke City 1470 Everton 487 Tottenham Hotspur 1465 Stoke City 485 Chelsea 1407 Swansea City 446 Swansea City 1382 Chelsea 420 Liverpool 1377 Arsenal 376 Manchester City 1184 Liverpool 374 Arsenal 1098 Manchester City 339
Criticism of United 's use of Marouane Fellaini as a target man for long passes late on Sunday seems unfair . It worked , and was also a tactic Van Gaal used successfully to turn round Holland 's World Cup last-16 game against Mexico in Fortaleza last summer .
Comparisons with their Dutch team are interesting , though . They were a pragmatic bunch , too . After the exhilaration of an opening victory against Spain in Brazil , Holland 's football was short on flair but that squad did not have the attacking talent that this United side possess and it is tempting to wonder what Ryan Giggs makes of it all .
Under Moyes , they grew exasperated at what they saw as a refusal to play on the front foot . Moyes 's perceived failure to use wide players well also frustrated the most famous winger Old Trafford has ever seen , yet Giggs is now assistant to a man who in certain areas again views the game differently .
One of Giggs 's prime roles is to talk United 's players - and Van Gaal - through the strengths and weaknesses of the next opposition .
On Tuesday the opponents are Burnley and during their preparation , Van Gaal 's assistant will have noticed one thing : Burnley is the only Premier League side to have played more long passes than United this season .
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj takes on defender Aaron Cresswell during a rare start this season
DRESDEN , Germany
Hundreds of asylum seekers feel threatened after violent protests by neo-Nazis in the eastern German city of Dresden .
Around 200 far-right extremists violently protested refugees on Friday night as they were brought by buses to the recently established tent city in an industrial area , around five kilometers away from the city center .
Shouting racist slogans , neo-Nazis threw stones and bottles , and set off firecrackers .
More than 350 people gathered in the area for a counter-demonstration and to show solidarity with the refugees .
22-year old Syrian refugee Abdullah told Anadolu Agency that they had deep disappointment upon arrival , with seeing dozens of far-right extremists flipping them the bird and swearing at them .
“ I have lost all my family , my girlfriend due to the war in Syria . I took many risks and came to Germany with the hope of beginning a new life . But what I came across here has been a big disappointment , ” they said .
Abdullah said when they went out on Saturday to make some shopping at the supermarket , they again came across with a group who swore at him .
“ I was upset and returned to our camp without shopping , ” they said .
Tensions remained high also on Saturday , as authorities were bringing new refugees to the tent city , which is expected to house 1,000 people .
Around 20 far-right extremists continued protests in front of the camp .
Ali , an asylum seeker who fled Libya , said they were facing difficult conditions both inside the camp and outside .
“ I am deeply saddened by hearing that they do not want us here . I have made a three week long dangerous boat ride . I was not sure whether I would survive . Now I am here but I see that I am not wanted . That makes me really sad , ” they said .
The police announced that it will step up security around the tent city throughout the weekend by deploying additional personnel .
Germany received 202,834 asylum applications last year -- an increase of almost 60 percent compared with 2013 . Almost 47,000 of the asylum seekers were Syrians .
This year , the government estimates double the 2014 figures at 450 thousand .
The surge in asylum applications has been exploited by far-right and populist parties recent months , which organized weekly rallies against immigration and refugees across Germany .
Far-right extremists carried out 202 attacks against asylum seekers and their houses in the first six months of 2015 , according to police records .
There were 162 such attacks in 2014 , and 58 in 2013 .
A man who was reported to have been armed with a sword was in custody Tuesday morning following a report of a possible robbery at a downtown Topeka bank .
Officers from the Topeka Police Department and Kansas Highway Patrol responded about 9:40 a.m. to the Bank of America branch at 700 S.W . Topeka Blvd. , where the robbery was reported .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; / * 16:9 * / padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Scene from bank robbery downtown .
The man suspected in the robbery was detained inside the bank and was reported to be in police custody as of 9:46 a.m .
Authorities said the man may have been the same person who had been reported earlier Tuesday walking in the area while carrying a sword .
The man was taken to police headquarters for questioning . Their name and additional information were n't immediately available .
No injuries were reported .
Buy Photo Twin Lakes Brewery , which opened in 2006 in Greenville , is moving from its present location . An announcement on the new Delaware site will be made soon . ( Photo : Fred Comegys/The News Journal ) Buy Photo
Twin Lakes Brewing Co. is moving from its Greenville home to a new , yet-unnamed Delaware location , according to Jack Wick , a company founder .
The tasting room and tours at 4210 Kennett Pike brewery have been closed to the public since June . In a Facebook post Tuesday to the First State Brewers ' group , former head brewer Rob Pfeiffer said they and another brewer left the operation `` a couple of weeks ago . ''
Wick said the brewery is moving because its lease was up in 2013 . They said several Delaware locations were considered and a lease has been signed .
An announcement about the new site is pending , Adam Doherty , the company 's CEO , said in an email .
Wick said they hope to reopen by August .
On Tuesday morning , John H. Cordrey , Delaware 's Alcoholic Beverage Control Commissioner , said Twin Lakes has contacted their office about moving the brewery , but has not yet filed the required $ 1,000 application paperwork .
They said the process takes at least 30 days . Cordrey said notice must be given to property owners anywhere from 200 to 1,000 feet of the new location .
Delaware now has at least seven microbreweries , Cordery said , and two more applications are pending . There also are a variety of brewpubs - restaurants that make their own beer - throughout the state .
Cordery said they were glad to hear Twin Lakes was staying in Delaware . `` They 're a good brewery . ''
Twin Lakes Brewery has been in operation since April 2006 . It was co-founded by Wick , Matt Day and Sam Hobbs , whose great grandfather was DuPont Co. director Eugene E. du Pont . Wick said Hobbs is still a brewery owner .
For nine years , the operation has been located inside a Greenville barn retrofitted into a brewery on land off Kennett Pike that 's been owned by Hobbs ' family for several generations .
The historic barn , dating back to about 1826 , originally was the art studio of Hobbs ' uncle George `` Frolic '' Weymouth , founder of the Brandywine River Museum , the Chadds Ford , Pa. , institution that specializes in Wyeth family paintings .
The brewery 's name comes from two ponds , known as the `` twins , '' that were on either side of the driveway of the 252-acre family farm .
Buy Photo In this 2011 photo , Rob Pfeiffer , then-head brewer for Twin Lakes Brewery , helps place empty cans on a distribution machine that fills them with beer . The brewery is moving from its Greenville location . ( Photo : JENNIFER CORBETT/The News Journal )
Since at least the 1920s – according to News Journal files – the Hobbs family allowed the public to skate free of charge and at their own risk on the landmark `` twin '' ponds . One collapsed several years ago , and one pond remains .
Twin Lakes Brewery produces American-style ales and lagers made with water from the deep rock aquifer located on the Twin Lakes Farm .
In 2011 , Twin Lakes started canning its flagship brew , Greenville Pale Ale , for distribution in six-packs and cases .
Twin Lakes beers , which are named for local sites and historical figures , are sold at Delaware liquor stores , in pubs and restaurants and distributed to nearby states .
The Delaware Burger Battle , which had been held on the Twin Lakes Brewery property for the past three years , has moved been to a new location for its Aug. 29 event . It will be held this year at Cauffiel House on 1016 Philadelphia Pike .
`` Please await information when the tasting room will reopen to the public in the near future , '' reads a recent post on the Twin Lakes Brewery Facebook page .
In Greenville , the tasting room was open Wednesdays and Saturdays .
Wick said the tasting room at the new brewery site will be open more often .
`` We have a great partnership and a long-term vision plan , '' they said .
Contact Patricia Talorico at ( 302 ) 324-2861 or ptalorico @ delawareonline.com and on Twitter @ pattytalorico Read their blog at www.delawareonline.com/blog/secondhelpings
Read or Share this story : http : //delonline.us/1Mblhxi
After a frustrating start to the season , D.C. United broke out over the weekend by steamrolling the Vancouver Whitecaps at RFK Stadium . The 4-0 win saw them score more goals over 90 minutes than they 'd managed in their opening 5 MLS matches . Fabian Espindola and Alvaro Saborio both scored twice , and Luciano Acosta picked up their first 2 assists since joining the club . Even the weather - predicted to be a rainy , windy evening - turned out to be better than expected .
United got a bunch of things right for the first time in 2016 , and while we ca n't sit around expecting 4-0 routs every week , there are some things within the Black-and-Red 's control that need to be replicated on a regular basis for this to be a successful team . The Whitecaps were a mess , there 's no doubt about it - I do n't think their gameplan made sense , and the players compounded that by executing it poorly - but that does n't make this a fluke that contains no real lessons for United . Let 's take a look at three of them :
Lesson 1 : A disciplined , patient Espindola is the one this team needs
In the past , Espindola 's odd approach to being a forward was a gift . Theirs drifting out to the left wing left defenses confused about the new angles that creates , their long-range shots and chips caught goalkeepers off guard , and their combination of irascibility and arrogance served as fuel for their ability to do the unexpected . While they were never a Golden Boot threat their assist totals made up for the fact that he 's never been a particularly prolific scorer .
This season , though , none of those has been true . Their lack of consistent positioning is a huge reason why Acosta is n't getting starts . Those long-range shots have been attempted way too often , and many have just been blocked before even forcing a save . Their attitude on the field has seemed to feed an idea that they ca n't trust their teammates , so we 've seen a ton of attacks die with them deciding to have a go from 30 yards or forcing a killer ball that never had a prayer . Coming into the game , they had 1 goal and 1 assist in 7 appearances ( far below what United needs out of him ) .
Let 's talk specifically about their shot choices . Here 's a breakdown of where Espindola has been shooting from thus far :
Game Minutes Total shots Shots inside the 18 Shots on frame Blocked Point blank Goals Vancouver 79 7 7 7 0 3 2 @ San Jose 90 5 3 1 2 2 0 Dallas 90 7 3 1 ( saved PK ) 4 2 0 Colorado 30 5 2 1 2 1 1 @ LA 45 2 0 0 1 0 0 Queretaro 90 3 3 1 1 0 0 @ Queretaro 85 6 2 3 2 0 0
In 2016 , Espindola has taken one shot for every 14:30 he 's played . That 's far above what has been normal for them over the course of their career ( in their 14,516 MLS regular season minutes , they have averaged roughly one shot every 33 minutes played ) . Their decision-making process this year has been poor , and this is a big part of it . He 's been shooting to punctuate attacking moves that were n't actually done yet .
He 's also been shooting from too far away . Coming into Saturday 's game , Espindola had taken 28 shots , but only 13 - that 's under half , math majors - had been from inside the 18 . A healthy portion of those longer shots were from well over 25 yards , too . 12 of their shots were blocked , meaning that they were either too predictable or just hopeful hits into a crowded area . These were not good numbers .
And then they go and has an almost too perfect showing . 7 shots , all from inside the penalty area . All on frame , nearly half from right on the doorstep , and 2 ended up going in . How does someone have such a crazy course correction ?
We have to be honest : This probably is n't going to happen again . The hope here is n't that Espindola be incredibly precise every week , or that they avoid shooting from long range ever again . Rather , it 's that they keep trending towards this sort of ideal . The decision to keep attacking moves going paid off time and again , as their teammates were able to progress up the field and create a more promising opportunity in a higher percentage spot . By opting not to shoot early , Espindola 's shot quality went up while not actually hurting their quantity . The point blank shot column gives me some hope here , as he 's been trending in the right direction for four straight games .
If Espindola is more patient - in this case , more willing to connect another pass rather than try to score as fast as possible once the Black-and-Red get within 35 yards of goal - they become a better forward partner . He 's still going to wander , as we can see from their chalkboard ( note the cluster on the left side of the 18 ) , but by involving their teammates and trusting them more , he 's still going to get looks .
This does n't just matter for him , though getting your star attacker on track is certainly a nice plus . Espindola being more willing to involve their teammates makes them a better partner for Acosta , who made a statement of their own by supplying two of the best passes any United player has had this season . Acosta is probably some distance behind Chris Rolfe in terms of understanding how to play off of Espindola , but then again he 's only had 2 minutes playing alongside this far more effective version of Espindola .
Regardless of who takes the lion 's share of starts alongside Espindola - it 'll be Rolfe for the time being , which is n't exactly a terrible option - they need to play like this . Espindola trying to do it all by themselves just makes United a team that kills their own attacks too often . The guy we saw against the Whitecaps had the bravery to try another pass rather than simply hit and hope , and it made a huge difference .
Lesson 2 : Winning the set piece battle remains vital for United
So let 's say effective Espindola keeps showing up , and Rolfe/Acosta/Saborio are consistently good foils for him . United is still not going to be a dynamite goalscoring team from open play . They can be good , but they 're not going to just bowl teams over . This is still a side that ca n't afford to ignore set pieces , and this week at least they made sure not to .
First of all , we 've now seen three straight games without conceding a set piece , and since having a nightmare defending them in LA they 've only conceded once ( against Colorado ) from a dead ball . Granted , Dallas did n't exactly need to find a goal that way , but progress is progress . United shut the Whitecaps out despite the presence of Kendall Waston - the best player in MLS in the air - and Tim Parker , and despite being at a size disadvantage in general due to Andrew Jacobson and Blas Perez getting starts .
Even better , they came up with a goal at the other end . Initially , it looks pretty simple : Taylor Kemp aims a corner at the back post , Steve Birnbaum wins a battle with Parker to head off the bar , and Espindola simply reacts to a rebound that falls their way . However , further examination shows that United took advantage of Vancouver 's set-up to create the opportunity :
Boswell and Lamar Neagle are both known to have a man-marker at this point , and United has had a look at Vancouver 's defensive scheme . Waston has been given a zonal role with some freedom to go attack the ball , with the idea being that he 's nearly unbeatable if he 's able to take a stride or two before leaping . Jordan Harvey has a zonal role at the near post as well .
They 're labeled in orange because they 're eliminated from this play entirely by United 's movement . Boswell crowds their marker Jacobson right into Waston , and Neagle does the same thing with Perez and Harvey . It 's a 2v4 at the near post , but that leaves even numbers everywhere else . Kemp goes back post because they know Parker will have no help against Birnbaum . Nyarko is entirely a decoy ; they stay in contention just long enough to confuse Aird into freezing before backing out of Birnbaum 's way .
How does Espindola get to the rebound , especially since this play starts with Russell Teibert holding their arm with two hands ( with referee Jorge Gonzalez staring right at him , no less ) ? They fight off the grab to bump Teibert into a flat-footed stance while also fooling them with a feint . Teibert ends up looking completely the wrong way , seeing Birnbaum win the header while not seeing Espindola walk into the seam that , fortunately , was the right place at the right time .
That sort of invention - turning a crowded penalty area against a taller team into an even numbers situation - has to remain a part of United 's gameplan just as much as defending set pieces stoutly is . Most likely , a combination of film work during the week and in-game adjustments paid off here for the Black-and-Red .
Lesson 3 : The midfield standard is set
Nyarko and Neagle on the wings , Marcelo Sarvas and Nick DeLeon in the middle . That 's a midfield you should prepare to see for quite a while , provided everyone stays healthy . Perhaps reveling in the rare situation where the opposing midfield did n't have more numbers , United defined the tempo the game was played at as well as where it was played on the field thanks to their midfield comprehensively outplaying Vancouver 's .
Nyarko and Neagle are doing exactly what United was looking for in acquiring them : They provide speed , they look to get in behind defenders - Nyarko on the dribble , Neagle with their off-the-ball movement - and they are plugged in defensively . At this point , I have no interest in seeing Neagle making way if , for example , Acosta pushes Rolfe out of the lineup . United needs their high work rate and their overall athleticism too much right now . They and Kemp had to face Cristian Techera , the only true threat the Whitecaps put on the field , and they reduced their influence down to almost nil .
Sarvas and DeLeon were not particularly challenged in this one . Jacobson tried , but looked to be chasing the game throughout . Teibert completely abandoned playing in central midfield . It was an easy battle to win , sure , but United 's duo won it decisively and they won it early . As much as fans were suspicious of DeLeon in the middle , that area of the field has only been a problem in one match ( at New England ) . It 's going to take an awful lot for Markus Halsti or Jared Jeffrey to break in , even though starting a more defensive player than DeLeon would allow Sarvas to take up their normal role . It 's also going to be hard for Julian Buescher to get some more minutes as a # 8 once their recently announced calf issue clears up .
All that said , most games will be tougher than this one . The Whitecaps arrived without Morales , who provides most of the creative impetus for their attack , and only had Kekuta Manneh on the field for a half . This weekend , Toronto FC is going to start Sebastian Giovinco and Michael Bradley . In certain ways , it may shape up to be a similar test tactically - TFC is probably going to go with a 442 again , and they will look to sit deep before countering - but against a team executing that plan at a much higher level at the moment . The trick for United is making sure that they can apply the positives from last week against a sharper opponent .
How is everyone 8DIt 's been a while.Been returning back to RP land and Camille ( my new OC ) is really taking over my mind.Camille Myriad Zentreza is the youngest daughter/child of the Zentrezan empire . They were doted upon all their life until the death of their parents , leaving them with a rather loud , spoiled and obnoxious personality . They have a brother complex for their eldest brother Cairn whom they place on an incredibly high pedestal.I 'd write more but I 'm really not bothered enough at the moment : 'DFor more sketches : [ link ] -- -On a completely different note , I finally posted upfor * Erina , * Julescion and I on my journal : [ link ] Chibi commissions are still open as usual ( and being worked on . I 'll post updated work list soon along with completed work. -- -Lastly , drew Camille as their cheap commission sample and IT 'S SO PRETTY ; A ; PLEASE GO HAVE A LOOK !
Shigofumi : Letters from the Departed , titled Shigofumi : Stories of Last Letter ( シゴフミ ～Stories of Last Letter～ ) in Japan , or simply Shigofumi , is a Japanese anime television series [ 2 ] [ 3 ] created by Tomorō Yuzawa and produced by Bandai Visual and Genco , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] which aired in Japan on Chiba TV and other networks between January 6 and March 22 , 2008 and contains twelve episodes . An original video animation episodes was included with the final anime DVD volume released on September 26 , 2008 . A light novel series was originally adapted from the anime 's premise set by Tomorō Yuzawa , featuring story composition and illustrations by Ryō Amamiya and Poko , respectively . Four novels were published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko imprint between October 2006 and March 2008 . Despite the novels being produced first , the anime is considered the original work , as stated by Yuzawa . [ 5 ] The anime has been acquired by Bandai Visual for English language localization . [ 6 ] The title Shigofumi comes from the combination of the Japanese words for `` after death '' ( 死後 , shigo ) , and `` letter '' ( 文 , fumi ) , which literally translates to an `` after death letter '' . [ 7 ]
Plot [ edit ]
Shigofumi primarily centers around a young-looking girl named Fumika who works as a mail carrier to deliver `` after death letters '' ( 死後文 , shigofumi ) . These letters are written by people after they die and are delivered to the person the letter is addressed to in the living world . The letters contain things that the now-deceased could not say while they were alive , such as things they wanted to say before they died , or even to inform others about who killed them in the case of a murder . Accompanying Fumika is their talking staff Kanaka which can also float of its own accord and likes to be treated as if `` she '' were a human . In contrast to Fumika who is quiet and serious about their job , Kanaka is loud and boisterous . The story follows Fumika and Kanaka as they interact with the living via the shigofumi . Shigofumi mail carriers are assigned a specific area that they deliver letters to , just like a normal mail carrier . When they are not delivering letters from the dead , they are in another realm called Shigo . The mail carriers are usually now-dead humans who do not age , and take on the appearance of just before they died , but Fumika does age , signifying that they are not dead yet .
Characters [ edit ]
Fumika ( フミカ/文歌 ) Voiced by : Kana Ueda Fumika is the main character in the anime series . They appear to be a young girl , though their real age is never mentioned . They work as a mail carrier from the afterlife realm of Shigo , delivering what are known as `` shigofumi '' to people in a Japanese city that they have been assigned to . These shigofumi are letters written by those who have recently died , and it is Fumika 's job to deliver the letters to whoever the dead wanted them to go to . Though typically the shigofumi mail carriers are people who have already died , and thus do not age , Fumika is different in that they age at the same rate as a normal person , signifying that they have not died yet but is merely in a state of astral projection .
Fumika is almost always calm and speaks in a low monotonic voice . They are serious about their job and carries out their duties even if it takes them longer to deliver a given letter , such as them having to follow the recipient by train to another part of Japan . They do not like normal people interfering with their work , and often has to resort to violence or threaten others with a large gun they carry in order to complete their deliveries . Due to their unusual occupation and the uniform they wear , they are generally not taken seriously when they tell others that they are delivering an `` after death letter '' to them , but continues to persist until they have handed over the letter . The only time they show any expression is when around cats which make them very agitated to the point of them losing their composure entirely .
While still the main focus in the light novels , their character is somewhat different . They still appear the same and generally carries the same personality , though Fumika in the novel , for one , hates all insects vehemently and will not even go near them . They love to play shogi ( Japanese chess ) , though they play on only intuition alone .
Fumika actually suffers from dissociative identity disorder due to the abuse from their father , Kirameki Mikawa , while growing up . The two personalities are Fumi and Mika . Mika is the shigofumi mail carrier that takes their job very seriously ; and Fumi is a kind , outgoing young girl . Mika is the one that shot Kirameki when they tried to kill Fumika when they made them remember their mother . Fumi blamed themselves for the shooting , withdrawing to a coma-like state , causing Mika to `` die '' . Mika has said that even their words do not reach Fumi .
Kanaka/Mayama ( カナカ/マヤマ ) Voiced by : Yuki Matsuoka The artificial intelligence staff that Fumika carries is named Kanaka in the anime and Mayama in the light novels , and are drastically different between the two media . The function of the staff is meant to aid the shigofumi mail carrier by keeping track of senders , receivers , the delivery area , and supplementing other usual tasks . The mail carrier can give the staff a numeral code pertaining to a program which can be activated and aid the mail carrier further , such as turning them invisible , or supplementing white wings on their back to enable them to fly , though there are time limits on these programs . The staffs carry their own personalities and have the ability to levitate . In the anime , Fumika 's staff Kanaka has a female voice and a loud , boisterous personality which directly contrasts Fumika 's otherwise placid disposition . Kanaka often gives Fumika their opinion on matters pertaining to who they are delivering letter to , though Fumika just goes along their business as usual either way . Despite technically not being alive , Kanaka still insists that `` she '' be referred to as a person , or in terms of what a person would do , such as while levitating or regenerating which they call `` standing '' and `` sleeping '' respectively . Kanaka is prone to making mistakes while on the job , such as misplacing letters .
In the light novels , Mayama as the staff is called , has a young boy 's voice , though still serves the same function of supporting Fumika in them delivering . `` He '' always talks down to Fumika and proves them to be wrong in certain situations . They have never been able to beat Fumika at shogi , though they can still do things they can not , such as reading foreign languages .
Chiaki ( チアキ ) Voiced by : Masumi Asano Chiaki is Fumika 's coworker and superior , though unlike Fumika , Chiaki has already died . Chiaki died due to a car accident and thus retains the appearance of how they looked before they died , which happens to be very similar to Fumika , though Chiaki does not age . They say they are `` over twenty-one-years-old '' ( and admits in that they died over 'fifty years ago ' ) , however looks roughly as old as Fumika is . They are assigned a different city in Japan than Fumika , and the two rarely ever meet on Earth , but do see each other more often when in Shigo . Chiaki has a bright personality and likes to express their emotions outwardly , whether they be related to frustration , or happiness . As observed by Fumika , Chiaki usually is not as diligent about their job as Fumika is , and if a delivery is too much of a pain , they will generally drop it , marking the letter with an invalid addressee .
Matoma ( マトマ ) Voiced by : Masayuki Katō Matoma is the staff that Chiaki carries and like Fumika 's staff , helps them with their job . Matoma has a male voice and speaks in a monotonic tone . They are better at the job than Kanaka is and talks down to Kanaka for doing a poor job . Kanaka in turn needles Matoma by mocking them by twisting their name as in calling them 'Tomato Juice ' .
Kaname Nojima ( 野島 要 , Nojima Kaname ) Voiced by : Takuma Terashima Kaname is a male high school student who briefly knew Fumika Mikawa back in junior-high school when they were in the same class . After they initially met Fumika the mail carrier , they recognized their face and was reminded how Fumika had shot their father three years prior , which led them to continue to search for Fumika later on . Kaname had liked Fumika in junior-high , and even went so far as to confess their love to her , but they rejected him , though Fumika the mail carrier later tells them that they were merely surprised and does not dislike him . Even now , it would seem they still have feelings for Fumika .
Natsuka Kasai ( 葛西 夏香 , Kasai Natsuka ) Voiced by : Saeko Chiba Natsuka is an energetic high school girl who knew Fumika from junior-high school when they were in the same class , though they first talked in the school infirmary . They have a tendency to like guys who are intelligent and even goes as far as to read the same books of guys they like ; incidentally , they like Kaname who is one such type . After Kaname comes to them regarding information pertaining to Fumika , they get involved with them in their search to discover what really happened to Fumika three years prior to the beginning of the story .
Kirameki Mikawa ( 美川 キラメキ , Mikawa Kirameki ) Voiced by : Rikiya Koyama Kirameki is a famous writer and the father of Fumika Mikawa . They are obsessed with beauty , and goes so far as to suggest that ugly people should kill themselves . Kirameki lives and works in a twisted glass building called `` The forever leading silver road '' . Their name , Kirameki , translates to glitter , or twinkle .
Media [ edit ]
Shigofumi light novel volume 1. light novel volume 1 .
Light novels [ edit ]
Shigofumi was first released as a series of light novels written by Ryō Amamiya , and drawn by Poko . Despite the novels being produced first , the anime series is considered by Tomorō Yuzawa as the original work . [ 5 ] The novels are published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko imprint . The first novel was released on October 10 , 2006 , with the fourth , and final , volume published on March 10 , 2008 . The story from the novels differs somewhat from that of the anime .
Internet radio show [ edit ]
An Internet radio show called Shigofumi Maruhi Nippō ( シゴフミ マル秘日報 ) , hosted by Beat Net Radio ! , originally had a pre-broadcast on December 28 , 2007 , and another the following the week on January 4 , 2008 ; these two broadcasts served as an introduction to what the show would consist of , and also asking listeners to send in comments and questions about the show . Regular weekly broadcasts every Friday began the following week on January 11 , 2008 . The show has two hosts — Kana Ueda and Masumi Asano who play Fumika and Chiaki in the anime respectively — and is produced by Bandai Visual . There are three corners on the show , which is used mainly to promote the anime version . [ 8 ]
Anime [ edit ]
The anime , directed by Tatsuo Satō and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi , features original character designs by Kouhaku Kuroboshi and assistant direction by Katsushi Sakurabi . [ 4 ] Animated by J.C.Staff and produced by Bandai Visual and Genco , [ 4 ] it first aired in Japan on numerous UHF stations and BS11 between January 6 and March 22 , 2008 , [ 2 ] containing twelve episodes . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] The series was released in six DVD compilations in Japan by Bandai Visual between March 25 and August 22 , 2008 . Presented on a 16:9 anamorphic frame rate , the DVDs feature the two episodes each along with numerous extras , including audio commentary , liner notes , picture dramas , and Shigofumi letter sets . [ 3 ] An original video animation episode was released on DVD on September 26 , 2008 . The televised broadcast of episodes three and eight , `` Friends '' and `` Beginning , '' respectively , were `` altered in light of recent circumstances in the society at large , '' as reported on the anime 's official website . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] Sun TV also ceased broadcast of Shigofumi episode six and resumed broadcasting with episode seven . [ 11 ] [ 14 ] Other recent 2007 anime series which were changed due to current events in Japan include School Days , Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kai , and Kodomo no Jikan .
The anime was licensed by Bandai Visual for English language localization , [ 6 ] and the first DVD release was originally scheduled for May 13 , 2008 , [ 15 ] but was placed on hold as Bandai Visual reconsidered their release plans . [ 16 ] The series was later released by Sentai Filmworks on August 17 , 2010 in North America . [ 17 ]
Two pieces of theme music are used for the anime : one opening theme and one ending theme . The opening theme , `` Kotodama '' ( コトダマ , `` Power of Language '' ) , is performed by Ali Project , and the single was released on January 23 , 2008 . Written by Saori Kodama with composition and arrangement by Pe-jun , the ending theme `` Chain '' is performed by Snow * ; it was released on February 6 , 2008 . The anime 's original soundtrack will be released on March 26 , 2008 ; each of the albums are released by Lantis . [ 18 ]
What Monday 's trades mean for Real Salt Lake :
1 . They recognize that Javier Morales is still the key to their attack , and that none of the talented youngsters they have can really replace them
So yeah , everyone knew RSL were hard up against the cap , and had to shift some of their bigger earners out . The assumption by many was that Morales , who 's now on the wrong side of 30 and was n't quite as effective last year as he 'd been before their injury , was the one on the block .
But Luis Gil showed he 's more of a two-way worker bee than a real No . 10 – for now , at least . Two years from now , maybe he 'll be the playmaker to run the team around , and in the interim , who better to learn from than Morales ?
As for the others , Sebastian Velasquez is n't a central player . I have high hopes for Enzo Martinez , but he 'll definitely need another year cookin ' before he 's ready to be a starter .
LISTEN : RSL GM Garth Lagerwey on ExtraTime Radio
They just do n't have a replacement for JaviMo . That 's why he 's still in Sandy , as both sides are trying to come up with the right contract number .
That , of course , means they could still be out . But I doubt it .
2 . They 're pretty sure that some combination of Gil , Martinez , Velasquez , and Ned Grabavoy can make up for the loss of Will Johnson
In fact , I 'd say you can go ahead and pencil Gil 's name into the starting lineup right now . Johnson was the consummate worker bee out there , and Gil learned from them well . They track relentlessly on defense and moves well off the ball in attack . While he 's not as sharp in either of those areas as Johnson , he 's improved immensely in the last two years .
And their touch on the ball is probably a bit better , as is their on-the-ball creativity . Like I said before , he 's not really a No . 10 , not a guy who 's going to make your team play beautiful soccer . They just makes it easier for your team to play beautiful soccer . That 's an important distinction there .
3 . They 're confident that Kwame Watson-Siriboe and Chris Schuler can replace Jámison Olave on a fulltime basis
Olave is still probably one of the four or five best central defenders in the league when he 's healthy . The problem is that he 's only really healthy for about 10 games a year these days , and given their cap number , that 's just not a good investment .
Both Watson-Siriboe and Schuler have shown they 're MLS caliber players . They 're young , they have upside , they have experience , and they have tiny contracts . Aaron Maund , acquired for Justin Braun , will find themselves in that mix as well , and all three of them can learn just fine from Nat Borchers , one of the league 's best at reading the game .
Relatively speaking , this must 've been a pretty easy decision .
4 . RSL ended the season on a month-long scoreless streak
Yeah , Álvaro Saborío had their chances in that run , so you can throw a little shame and blame their way , but they also scored 17 goals this season , third in the league .
The real problem is that Fabián Espíndola is such a streaky finisher that it finally outweighed all the other wonderful stuff they do . He 's incredibly busy off the ball , an excellent passer and one of the league 's best 1-v-1 players . They get into the box with the ball on their foot as often as any striker in the league .
But they do n't put it in the net . And it 's pretty clear that for the diamond to really work , Saborío needs a partner who can take on more of the scoring burden . Espíndola has n't been able to do it .
So he 's off to New York in exchange for some allocation cash . And Johnson 's off to Portland in exchange for the same . If I were a betting man , I 'd say that money 's not going toward finding another fullback .
It 's going to go to a striker . Maybe it 'll be a proven MLS scorer ( hey , Kenny Cooper 's probably available now ! ) , but more likely it 'll be someone that the RSL brain trust has their eye on down in South America somewhere . DP caliber seems likely .
The overall take-away , though , is that while this was a major retooling , it 's not an overhaul . RSL will come back in 2013 with 10 of 11 starters who 've been around the team for at least two years . They have Morales , Kyle Beckerman , Gil and Grabavoy to start in the midfield . They 'll have Saborío and an upgrade ( in theory ) at forward . They 'll still run the diamond , still be a possession-first team , and still have one of the league 's best defenses .
I would n't necessarily consider them Western Conference favorites – we need to see how Gil , Velasquez and the new forward/forwards adjust before they can wear that label . But they 're still a playoff team , and one with more depth and more contributing youth than they had in 2012 .
